{1500: {instructions: Combine the oil, vinegar, prunes, capers, oregano, olives, garlic, bay leaves, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large shallow baking dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate at least 1 hour or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Using a slotted spoon, remove the chicken from the marinade to a plate. Pour the marinade into a 9by13inch baking dish. Arrange the chicken on top, skinside up. Sprinkle the brown sugar over the chicken breasts and pour the white wine around them.nBake, basting three or four times with the pan juices, until the chicken is crispy on top and cooked through, 1 hour to 1 hour 20 minutes.nTransfer the chicken, prunes, olives and capers to a serving platter. Moisten with a few spoonfuls of the pan juices and sprinkle generously with the parsley. Pour the remaining pan juices into a sauceboat and pass with the chicken., ingredients: [23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 23 cup red wine vinegar, 2 cups pitted prunes, 14 cup capers with a bit of brine, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 20 garlicstuffed olives, 5 cloves garlic, minced or pushed through a press, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds bonein, skinon chicken breasts, 14 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, finely chopped], title: Chicken with Prunes and Olives, picturelink: oyKy4gBBzT6kX0BWlsTP6AtuIHxc42S}, 1501: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nStir the bread crumbs, Pecorino Romano, garlic, parsley, mint, salt and pepper, to taste, and 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium bowl to blend.nDrizzle a heavy large baking sheet with about 1 tablespoon olive oil, to coat. Spoon the filling into the mushroom cavities and arrange on the baking sheet, cavity side up. Drizzle remaining oil over the filling in each mushroom. Bake until the mushrooms are tender and the filling is heated through and golden on top, about 25 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup Italianstyle dried bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 28 large 2 12inchdiameter white mushrooms, stemmed], title: Stuffed Mushrooms with Pecorino and Herbs, picturelink: PkNssU45SAwQnBtM6GEcLgqYYAzLlby}, 1502: {instructions: For the sauce: In a small saucepot set over medium heat, add the sugar, corn syrup and 14 cup water, and cook until the sugar starts to bubble and turn brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the saucepot from the heat. Add the heavy cream slowly and carefully to the caramel mixture it will bubble up. When the bubbling slows, stir with a wooden spoon and add the sea salt.nFor the doughnuts: Combine the cottage cheese, flour, baking powder, granulated sugar, salt, eggs and orange zest, and set aside.nHeat the oil in a large saucepot set over mediumhigh heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nScoop the dough using two spoons to make a round ball, 6 to 8 in total. Carefully drop the doughnut holes in the oil and fry until golden brown and floating, turning occasionally to ensure all sides cook evenly, 4 minutes.nRemove the doughnuts from the oil with a slotted spoon and place on a papertowellinedplate to absorb any excess oil.nSpread some warm caramel sauce on each serving plate. Pace the doughnuts over the sauce and sprinkle with confectioners sugar to serve., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 34 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 8 ounces cottage cheese, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons granulated sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 3 eggs, 1 orange, zested, 8 cups vegetable oil, Confectioners sugar, for sprinkling], title: Doughnut Holes with Caramel Sauce, picturelink: dmqtxDz6onMEavsmPapstXOJLE30KS}, 1503: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line muffin tins with paper liners.nSift the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt into a large bowl and mix together. In a separate bowl, mix together the buttermilk, butter, lemon zest, and eggs. Make a hole in the center of the dry ingredients and pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients. Mix with a fork just until blended. Fold the blueberries into the batter. Dont over mix With a standard 2 14inch icecream scoop or large spoon, scoop the batter into the prepared cups, filling them almost full.nBake the muffins for 20 to 25 minutes, until golden brown., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 4 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups buttermilk, shaken, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 12 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 2 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups fresh blueberries 2 halfpints], title: Blueberry Muffins, picturelink: b1dhku6mRAMNSAhGw.anCHUedHKwFm}, 1504: {instructions: For the gazpacho: Grind the almonds in blender or food processor using a portion of the premeasured water to help puree the almonds. You will need to repeat this several times until the mixture is milky in appearance, pureeing for approximately 3 minutes.nCombine the remaining ingredients with the pureed almonds. Process this in a blender or food processor in batches until smooth. Strain thoroughly and chill for at least 1 hour.nFor the lobster: Blanch the lobsters in a pot of boiling water for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the lobsters from water and let cool. Preheat a grill pan on medium heat for 10 minutes. Remove the tails from the lobsters and crack the shells to remove the meat. Cut the tail meat into 12inch pieces and put 3 pieces each onto 8 5inch skewers. Coat the lobster with olive oil and season with lemon zest, cayenne, salt, and pepper. Grill the skewers for 2 to 3 minutes until the lobster is firm. Place the skewers in small glasses and pour the soup over the lobster. Sprinkle with chopped chives and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups sliced almonds, 1 34 cups water, 1 12 cups bread crumbs white bread, 3 ounces verjus white, 34 cup white seedless grapes, 2 12 ounces cucumber juice, 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar, Dash almond extract, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 1 12 pound lobsters, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Dash cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons chopped chives], title: White Gazpacho and Lobster Brochette, picturelink: null}, 1505: {instructions: In a small bowl, stir together the peanut butter, chia seeds and honey. Spread about 2 tablespoons of the peanut butter mixture over one side of 4 slices of bread. Top the peanut butter layer with a layer of sliced bananas. Sprinkle with cinnamon and flaked sea salt. Sandwich each with a second slice of bread. Cut in half diagonally and eat immediately or wrap for lunchboxes., ingredients: [12 cup creamy natural peanut butter, 1 tablespoon chia seeds, 1 tablespoon honey, 8 slices seeded wholegrain bread, 2 ripe bananas, sliced, Cinnamon, for sprinkling, Flaked sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Peanut Butter, Chia and Banana Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 1506: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a small bowl, mix bread crumbs, olive oil, and a pinch of salt and pepper.nPeel potatoes and cut in fourths lengthwise. Cover potatoes generously with bread crumb mixture and place slices on thin sheet pan.nPlace potatoes in the oven and cook for 1 hour. Remove potatoes from the oven and sprinkle shredded mozzarella and grated Parmesan on top of the potatoes and place back in the oven for 5 minutes or until cheese is melted and golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups bread crumbs, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 5 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Potato with Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 1507: {instructions: Toast together oregano, allspice and cilantro then mix together with the remaining ingredients. Blend lime juice and chili with 14 cup of the salsa mixture and add back to salsa. Add the avocado and salt to taste., ingredients: [1 teaspoon oregano, dried, 13 tablespoon ground allspice, 14 bunch cilantro, minced, 1 red onion, 14inch dice, 1 tablespoon carrot, 14inch dice, 1 ear corn, kernels removed and roasted until some of the kernels start to brown, 4 to 6 kumquats, sliced, 1 cucumber, seeded and 14inch dice, 1 lime, juiced, 12 habanero, seeds removed, 1 avocado, peeled and cubed, Salt, to taste], title: Roasted Corn Abdi, picturelink: null}, 1508: {instructions: Place 4 eggs in a saucepan of boiling water, then cook over low heat, 4 to 5 minutes drain. Slice off the tops and season with salt and pepper. Serve with toast strips.nPhotograph by Yunghee Kim, ingredients: [], title: Eggs with Soldiers, picturelink: T.LRekhBFnNtU7jSrY0nvlJfh5Cvxbi}, 1509: {instructions: In a mortar and pestle or a food processor, pound the hazelnuts until finely ground.nIn a medium heavy saucepan, bring the cream to a boil over medium high heat watch carefully that it does not boil over. Add the sugar and stir until it has dissolved. Stir in the hazelnuts, bring back up to the boil and remove from the heat. Cool the mixture almost to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, beat the egg and the egg yolks together until evenly blended. Slowly pour the cream mixture in, stirring all the time, until absorbed. Add the Frangelico and then strain the mixture through a fine sieve into a large measuring cup with a lip, pressing hard against the mesh to extract all the flavor from the nuts. Pour the custard mixture into twelve 2 ounce ramekins and arrange them in a large roasting pan. Pour a little boiling water in the base of the pan, to come about halfway up the sides of the little custard pots. Bake on the middle rack until the custards are set in the center, about 35 minutes. Remove from the pan and cool to room temperature, then chill for at least 1 hour. Serve 2 or 3 little custards per person and, using a vegetable peeler, shave a few small curls of chocolate over the top of each., ingredients: [4 ounces blanched hazelnuts nuts, toasted and skins removed, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 4 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons Frangelico hazelnut liqueur, 1 small block of semisweet chocolate, for shaving], title: Hazelnut Custards, picturelink: null}, 1510: {instructions: Put cut watermelon into freezer bags and store in freezer for at least 5 hours, preferably overnight. This can be done weeks in advance.nPut the frozen watermelon into a blender. Add all the remaining ingredients and pulse until the mixture is thoroughly blended and creamy, with flecks of cilantro throughout. Pour into 4 ice cold pilsner glasses or other tall glasses. Garnish each glass with a cilantro sprig and a lime wheel. Serve., ingredients: [1 small watermelon, approximately 2 pounds, cleaned and cut into 2inch chunks and frozen, 2 12 jiggers white tequila, 12 jigger grenadine, 2 jiggers simple syrup equal amounts of sugar and water, heated until the sugar dissolves cool, 1 jigger freshly squeezed lemon juice, about 1 lemon, 1 jigger freshly squeezed lime juice, about 2 limes, Pinch kosher salt, 14 cup firmly packed cilantro leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 lime, sliced thinly into wheels, for garnish], title: Frozen WatermelonCilantro Slushy, picturelink: null}, 1511: {instructions: To make cilantro paste, puree first six ingredients in a mortar and pestle, or blender, until a fine paste is formed. You can also do this by hand by first chopping all ingredients, except fish sauce, together on a board to form a paste. Then mix with fish sauce in a small bowl. Set aside.nFollow directions on packages for reconstituting cellophane noodles and dried mushrooms, if necessary. Noodles usually need to soak in warm water for about 15 minutes mushrooms about 30 minutes.nWhile ingredients are soaking, make dumplings by combining ground pork, fish sauce, garlic, and cornstarch in a bowl. With your hands, form small meatballs, about the size of hazelnuts. Set aside.nWhen noodles and mushrooms are finished soaking, drain. Remove and discard the tough stems and slice mushrooms into julienne strips. Cut noodles into 2 by 3 inch lengths.nPlace all ingredients near stove and bring chicken stock to a boil in a large stockpot. Reduce heat to a simmer and add pork balls, mushrooms, and noodles. Cook, uncovered, until pork is done, about 10 minutes. Stir in paste and adjust seasonings with pepper and fish sauce. Ladle into serving bowls, sprinkle with sliced scallions and cilantro leaves, and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 bunch fresh cilantro, stems removed, 12 tablespoon palm sugar or brown sugar, 12 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon pureed garlic, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1ounce cellophane noodles or bean threads, 14 pound fresh or 2 ounces dried black fungus wood ear mushrooms, 10 ounces ground pork or chicken, turkey or shrimp, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 10 cups chicken stock or canned broth, Freshly ground black pepper and fish sauce to taste, 1 bunch scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves only], title: Thai Pork Dumpling Soup, picturelink: null}, 1512: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar together with an electric mixer. Add the mango puree, lemon zest, extracts and egg and mix well. In a medium mixing bowl, sift the flour, baking soda, and baking powder. Carefully fold in the dry ingredients and buttermilk into the wet mixture with a rubber spatula. Drop spoonfuls of the dough onto parchmentlined cookie sheet. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Sprinkle with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup mango puree, 1 12 teaspoons lemon zest, 1 teaspoon raspberry extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup buttermilk, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Mango Teacakes, picturelink: null}, 1513: {instructions: Mix together the cumin, ancho, salt and pepper in a small bowl.nHeat grill to medium. Rub each rack with a few tablespoons of the spice mixture. Drizzle with oil and grill until golden brown and a crust as formed, about 10 minutes. Remove the ribs to a platter. Using side towels, lift the grate off the grill and place the roasting pan with the Steaming Liquid mixture on top of the coals or heat source. Return the grate to the grill.nReturn the ribs to the grill, rub side up, brush with some of the Guava Glaze, close the lid and continue grilling the pork, brushing with the guava glaze every 10 minutes until tender, about 1 12 hours. If the steaming liquid evaporates before ribs are tender, add more soy and water to the pan Remove ribs from the grill to a cutting board, brush with more of the glaze and let rest for 10 minutes. Cut the ribs, place on a platter and drizzle with the OrangeHabanero Mojo.nCombine all ingredients in a heavy duty roasting pan.nWhisk the guava jelly, Dijon mustard and orange juice together in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat oil in a pan on the side burner of the grill or on the grates. Add onion and garlic and cook until soft. Stir in lime juice, orange juice, zests and habanero, and bring to a boil. Cook until reduced by half, remove habanero and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the cilantro and cumin., ingredients: [4 tablespoons ground cumin, 4 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 racks pork ribs, 12 ribs each, excess fat trimmed, Canola oil, Steaming Liquid, recipe follows, Guava Glaze, recipe follows, OrangeHabanero Mojo, recipe follows, 1 cup soy sauce, plus more if needed, 4 cups water, plus more if needed, 3inch piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced, 2 cups guava jelly, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup fresh orange juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 2 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 12 habanero chile, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 sprigs cilantro, leaves chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin], title: Spiced Pork Ribs with Guava Glaze and OrangeHabanero Mojo, picturelink: null}, 1514: {instructions: For the spiced ground beef:nHeat the oil in a castiron pan, or heavybottomed pan over mediumhigh heat. Place the beef in the pan, breaking up pieces and cook until the moisture has evaporated and beef is browned, about 10 minutes. Stir in the onion and red pepper. Once the onion and red peppers have softened, add the garlic powder, cumin, and cayenne, stir to incorporate. Stir in the parsley, green chile, and lime juice. Remove pan from heat and season with salt and pepper.nFor the maple syrup sauce:nPlace the lime zest, garlic, salt, 2 tablespoons pepper, maple syrup, and vinegar in a pot and warm over medium heat. Transfer the sauce to a bowl.nFor the grilled Japanese eggplants:nHeat a grill to medium heat. Drizzle the oil over the eggplant quarters and season with salt and pepper. Place the eggplant on the grill and cook on all sides. Once the eggplant are tender, place in a pan and coat with the warmed Maple Syrup Sauce toss to coat., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 pounds ground beef, 12 onion, diced, 2 red peppers, seeded and diced, 3 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 green chile, sliced seeds removed for less heat, Juice of 1 lime, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Zest of 2 limes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup maple syrup, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 4 Japanese eggplants, quartered lengthwise, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Maple Syrup Sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spiced Ground Beef and Grilled Japanese Eggplants with Maple Syrup Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1515: {instructions: Mix tuna with salsa and scallions. Fold in Cheddar. Divide mixture into 13s and spread each portion over 12 of a tortilla and fold into a half circle. Brown each of the 3 quesadillas on both sides in a hot pan to melt cheese. Cool a bit, cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [2 small 3ounce cans tuna, drained and flaked, 12 cup salsa, drained, 12 cup chopped fresh scallions, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, Three 12inch flour tortillas], title: Tuna Quesadilla, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 1516: {instructions: In a mediumsized bowl, use a rubber spatula to mix the papaya, mango, red onion, tomato, 12 teaspoon crab boil seasoning, cilantro, and orange juice until incorporated.nIn a 10 or 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of olive oil. In a mediumsized mixing bowl add the chopped shrimp and remaining 12 teaspoon of crab boil seasoning and a 12 teaspoon of red pepper flakes. Use a rubber spatula to mix until incorporated. Transfer the shrimp to the skillet and cook through. If the shrimp is raw cook 3 to 5 minutes, or cook until hot if the shrimp were precooked, about 1 to 2 minutes. Set aside.nWash lettuce and pull it apart into 8 large pieces, which will serve as your lettuce cups. With a large spoon, scoop a spoonful of the mango and papaya relish into each lettuce cup followed by a tablespoon or so 4 or 5 pieces of shrimp. Best served at room temperature., ingredients: [1 mediumsized Mexican or Hawaiian papaya, diced, 1 large mango, semiripe, 12 small red onion, diced small, 1mediumsized beefsteak tomato, diced, 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 handful fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, Olive oil, 1 12 pounds jumbo fresh shrimp, or frozen and thawed, peeled tail off cut in half, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 package butter lettuce], title: Jumbo Shrimp with Mango Papaya Relish in Butter Lettuce Cups, picturelink: null}, 1517: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a microwavesafe bowl, add 12 cup water and season with salt. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over high heat, then add the squash and cook until browned but still crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and transfer to a bowl. Add the sausage to the skillet and cook, breaking it up with a spoon, until it begins to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the potatoes and cooking water and cook, tossing, until the potatoes are browned and the sausage is cooked through, 5 to 6 more minutes. Season with salt.nCombine the tomatoes, scallion, jalapeno and cilantro in a bowl and season with salt. Warm the tortillas in a dry skillet or wrap in a damp towel and warm in the microwave, about 1 minute. Fill with the squash and chorizo mixture and sprinkle with the cheese and salsa. Top with sour cream andor guacamole, if desired.nPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 medium redskinned potatoes, cut into 1inch chunks, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium yellow squash, diced, Freshly ground pepper, 8 ounces fresh chorizo or other spicy sausage, casings removed, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 1 scallion, minced, 1 jalapeno pepper, minced remove seeds for less heat, 13 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 8 corn tortillas, 14 cup crumbled cotija or feta cheese, Sour cream andor guacamole, for serving optional], title: ChorizoPotato Tacos, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 1518: {instructions: In a large saucepot set over medium heat, add olive oil and heat. Add the garlic and shallots and saute until the garlic is on the verge of browning, about 2 minutes. Add the scallops. After the scallops cook for about 1 minute, add the shrimp, onions, and peppers. When the shrimp start to turn pink, add the mussels and clams. Cover the pot with a lid until the shells of the mussels and clams open, about 8 minutes. Once the clams and mussels open, add the crabmeat, red wine, and marinara sauce, and bring to a simmer. Add the thyme and oregano, and season with salt and pepper. Serve the cioppino in bowls with warm fresh sourdough bread on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 12 pound Sea scallops, 12 pound 1620 count shrimp, 14 pound sliced yellow onion, 12 pound thinly sliced assorted bell peppers, 12 pound littleneck or Manila clams, 12 pound mussels, 1 pound Dungeness or lump crabmeat, 2 cups red wine, 2 cups marinara sauce, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped oregano leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sourdough bread, for serving], title: Seafood Cioppino, picturelink: null}, 1519: {instructions: Toast the paprika, coriander, fennel, black peppercorns, allspice, chile powder, cloves, curry powder, mustard powder, white peppercorns and star anise in a skillet over low heat until fragrant. Transfer to a spice grinder and blitz to a fine powder. Put the mixture in a medium bowl and stir in the garlic salt, kosher salt, brown sugar, celery salt and onion powder. Store in a sealed container.nUse the rub on brisket or your favorite protein, making sure to cover the brisket completely and cure 24 hours before cooking., ingredients: [1 cup paprika, 12 cup coriander seeds, 12 cup fennel seeds, 12 cup black peppercorns, 14 cup allspice berries, 14 cup chile powder, 14 cup whole cloves, 14 cup curry powder, 14 cup mustard powder, 14 cup white peppercorns, 6 star anise pods, 1 cup garlic salt, 1 cup kosher salt, 34 cup brown sugar, 12 cup celery salt, 12 cup onion powder], title: Brisket Rub, picturelink: null}, 1520: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, pepper, salt and sugar. Stir in the carrots, raisins and pineapple chunks. Add the crushed red pepper, if desired. Top with the chives.nCover the slaw with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving, allowing flavors to meld., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 pounds carrots, shredded, 1 cup raisins, 14 cup canned pineapple chunks, drained, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, optional, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Carrot Slaw, picturelink: null}, 1521: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the bacon and cook until brown. Add the onion and saute over medium heat. When the onions start to brown add the garlic. Cook a few minutes more, then add the peppers and cook 5 more minutes. Add the tomatoes and their juice and pumpkin or butternut squash and cook over low heat for 10 minutes. Add the zucchini and chayote. If the mixture is dry, add chicken stock or water. Cook for another 5 to 10 minutes or until the mixture has formed a thick sauce. Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg.nCook eggs as desired poached, fried, over easy..., then garnish with parsley, cheese and a small dollop of crema., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 pound Canadian bacon, diced into 12 inch pieces, 1 onion, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 green pepper, seeded and chopped, 3 medium Italian Roma tomatoes, skinned, seeded, chopped and juice reserved, or 8 ounces canned chopped tomatoes, with juice, 12 small pumpkin or butternut squash, cut into 12 inch cubes, 1 zucchini, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 chayote, cut into 12 inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of nutmeg, Olive oil for frying, 4 to 8 eggs one or two per person, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, Grated Manchego, for garnish, Crema recipe below, for garnish], title: Huevos Frito con Pisto Fried Eggs with Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 1522: {instructions: Position 2 oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven, and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nPut the green beans in a large microwavesafe bowl with a splash of water, cover and microwave until bright green and crisptender, about 5 minutes. Let cool, then toss with the oil and a large pinch of salt.nMeanwhile, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Add the butter, and work it into the flour mixture with your fingers until the butter is broken down into very small peasize pieces. Make a well in the center, and pour in the milk. Stir the dry ingredients into the wet with a fork.nOnce the dough comes together, knead it gently a couple of times on a wellfloured work surface. Roll it out to a little thinner than 18 inch. Cut it into as many 1 12by3inch rectangles as you can discard any scraps. On each rectangle, lay 4 green bean halves crosswise the tips should poke out a little and top with about 1 teaspoon of the cheese roll the rectangle up, making sure the ends overlap and seal and arrange, seamside down, 2 inches apart on a prepared baking sheet. Brush each with egg, and sprinkle with caraway seeds.nBake until golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheets for a few minutes.nMeanwhile, mix together the mustard and sour cream in a small bowl. Serve on the side as a dipping sauce., ingredients: [34 pound 12 ounces green beans, trimmed and halved crosswise, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, Fine salt, 2 cups wholewheat pastry flour, plus more for kneading, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 4 tablespoons 12 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 23 cup lowfat milk, 4 ounces dill Havarti cheese, shredded, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, 2 tablespoons country Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon sour cream], title: Green Beans in a Blanket, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 1523: {instructions: Place half of the oregano and garlic in the olive oil. Allow to steep for 24 hours to infuse the oil.nFlatten the dough, and cut into 4 circles. Using a fork, dock the dough, and let it rest overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove dough from refrigerator, brush with a thin layer of mustard, and sprinkle the remaining oregano. Cut the tomatoes in thin slices, and place them in a nice circular pattern. Add the olives, drizzle infused oil and the fleur de sel.nPlace tart on a cookie sheet and bake for 10 to 15 minutes in a 400 degree F oven.nTo serve: Serve immediately after coming out of oven. Decorate with basil leaves and a drizzle of infused olive oil., ingredients: [12 bunch fresh oregano, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, 1 cup olive oil, 12 pound puff pastry, 2 ounces Dijon mustard, 4 ripe tomatoes, 32 black olives, 1 tablespoon fleur de sel, 2 basil sprigs, leaves removed], title: Tomato Tart with Fleur De Sel, picturelink: null}, 1524: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLightly butter 2 medium baking dishes. Sprinkle each dish with 12 teaspoon sugar set aside.nPlace a fig leaf, dark side down, on a work surface. Place an apricot half, cut side up, in center of leaf. Sprinkle with 12 teaspoon sugar, and dot with 12 teaspoon butter. Wrap leaf around apricot to enclose. Place, seam side down, in prepared dish. Repeat with remaining apricots, placing 4 wrapped apricots in each dish. Brush packets with remaining 3 12 teaspoons butter and sprinkle with remaining 2 teaspoons sugar. Sprinkle the lemon zest evenly over the packets. Bake until fruit is soft when pierced with the tip of a knife, about 20 minutes. Serve topped with a scoop of ice cream., ingredients: [4 teaspoons unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for baking dishes, 6 teaspoons sugar, 8 fresh fig leaves, tough stems removed, 4 medium apricots, halved and pitted, 12 lemon, zested, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Apricots baked in Fig Leaves, picturelink: null}, 1525: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace a baking rack on a sheet pan and lay the bacon slices on the rack. Roast the bacon for about 20 minutes, until nicely browned. Allow to cool.nIn a large bowl, toss together the arugula, apple, walnuts, cranberries, and blue cheese.nFor the dressing, whisk together the vinegar, orange zest, orange juice, mustard, maple syrup, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and the pepper in a bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil.nChop the bacon in large pieces and add it to the salad. Toss the salad with just enough dressing to moisten. Sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and toss well. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces thickcut bacon, such as Niman Ranch, 8 ounces baby arugula, 1 large Granny Smith apple, peeled and diced, 12 cup toasted walnut halves, coarsely chopped see note, 12 cup dried cranberries, 6 ounces blue cheese, such as Roquefort, crumbled, 3 tablespoons good apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup good olive oil], title: Cape Cod Chopped Salad, picturelink: TD2wUsuhL05k3kJkdIwMeFtQm0m9YK}, 1526: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the oil and seeds into a 10inch saute pan and set over mediumhigh heat. Toast the seeds while constantly moving the pan. You will smell their aroma and hear some of them begin to crackle when they are toasted, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the seeds to a small mixing bowl, add the cayenne, cinnamon and salt and stir to combine.nLine a half sheet pan with a silicone baking mat.nPlace a 3quart saucier inside a large cast iron skillet. Add the sugar and water to the saucepan, and cook over high heat, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, until it comes to a boil. Stop stirring, cover and cook for 3 minutes. Uncover, reduce heat to medium, and cook until the sugar is a light amber color, approximately 25 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the pumpkin seed mixture. This will greatly reduce the temperature of the sugar, so work quickly. Once evenly mixed, pour the mixture onto the prepared half sheet pan. Using an oiled spatula, spread thin. You will have to work quickly when pouring out and spreading the mixture in the pan. Cool completely, approximately 30 minutes, and then break into pieces. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 teaspoon vegetable oil, plus additional for coating, 7 ounces hulled pumpkin seeds these are the green ones, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound 6 ounces granulated sugar, 12 ounces water], title: Pumpkin Seed Brittle, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 1527: {instructions: Add the flour to a shallow dish. In a separate shallow dish, lightly beat the milk and eggs. In a third dish, toss together the bread crumbs, parsley, cilantro, lemon zest, and cumin, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Dip the lamb cutlets into the flour, then in the beaten egg and finally into the breadcrumbs. Heat the olive oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Panfry the cutlets in batches, until they are golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer the lamb cutlets to a warm platter and serve with the herbed yoghurt.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the yoghurt, lemon zest, parsley, and cilantro. Serve the yoghurt with the lamb cutlets., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons milk, 2 eggs, 2 cups fresh breadcrumbs, 1 large handful fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 Frenchtrimmed lamb cutlets or rib chops, 12 cup olive oil, Herbed yoghurt, for service, recipe follows, 4 ounces or 12 cup thick Greek yoghurt, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 Tablespoon finely chopped fresh flatleaf or Italian parsley leaves, 2 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Coriander Crumbled Lamb Cutlets, picturelink: null}, 1528: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nPut the tapioca flour in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment.nCombine the milk, oil, salt and 12 cup water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil while whisking. Remove from the heat and pour over the tapioca flour in the mixing bowl. Begin to mix, first starting on low, then gradually increasing the speed to high as the mixture begins to thicken and turn smooth. The mixture will look almost like glue. While still beating, add the egg and beat until incorporated. Then add the cheeses, a small handful at a time, beating, until incorporated. The mixture will by sticky and slightly stiff.nUse a small ice cream scoop or heaping tablespoons and scoop the dough out onto the prepared baking sheet, leaving at least 1inch between them. Moisten the palm of your hand with water and pat each scoop into a slightly rounded mound.nBake until they become puffed up, golden on top, deeply golden on the bottom and feel relatively light when picked up and dropped on the baking sheet, rotating about halfway through baking, 20 to 24 minutes. Let cool for at least a few minutes then eat warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 12 cups tapioca flour, 23 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large egg, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup shredded mozzarella], title: Pao de Queijo, picturelink: jpOYVkH1FjfRHUQQZvbXebMjkE7.X1O}, 1529: {}, 1530: {instructions: Split the half vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape out the seeds. Put the seeds, pod halves, milk, cream, spices and brown sugar in a heavybottomed, medium saucepan. Scald the mixture over low heat. Remove from heat, and let the mixture steep for 1 hour. While the mixture is steeping, reduce the maple syrup by 13 over mediumlow heat.nCombine the egg yolks and salt in a large bowl and whisk just to blend. Bring cream mixture back to a simmer. Dissolve the reduced syrup into the hot milk mixture.nWhile gently whisking the yolks, drizzle in the hot creamsyrup mixture so the yolks are gradually warmed. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook over medium heat stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Be sure to continuously scrape the spoon across the bottom of the pan so the custard does not scorch. The custard is done when it has thickened slightly and can evenly coat the back of the spoon. Do not let it come to a boil.nStrain the custard through a fine sieve. Press out all the liquid in the vanilla bean and discard bean. Stir in the bourbon and maple extract. Place the bowl with the custard into a large bowl of ice. Let it cool, stirring occasionally.nTransfer mixture to an ice cream machine and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions. Put the finished ice cream in a storage container and freeze until firm.nOnce frozen, mix in walnut brittle and serve.nCombine the sugar and water in a medium saucepan over high heat and cook until it reaches a deep amber color. Meanwhile cover a baking sheet with cooking spray. Remove from heat, stir in the walnuts and pour onto sprayed baking sheet. Let sit until hard and crack into desired pieces., ingredients: [12 vanilla bean, 1 12 cups milk, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup maple sugar, 15 whole allspice berries, 6 whole cloves, 4 cinnamon sticks, Small piece nutmeg, 1 cup pure maple syrup, grade B, 7 large egg yolks, Pinch fine sea salt, 2 tablespoons bourbon or dark rum Recommended: Myerss, 1 teaspoon maple extract, 2 cups Walnut Brittle, chopped, recipe follows, 2 cups sugar, 12 cup water, Cooking spray, 1 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped], title: Maple Spice Ice Cream, picturelink: H3nsA.6nU41sT1pYN9Xpl1pg9d2wq3u}, 1531: {instructions: Place the cazuela over a medium flame. Add the olive oil. When hot steam comes off the surface, do not burn the oil, you will know because it will smell rancid add the garlic. Sizzle until golden in color, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chiles and leave for 1 minute.nTurn off the heat just as the garlic starts to turn brown. If the garlic turns brown you have over cooked it and will need to start again.nAdd the shelled shrimps and leave for 2 minutes. Add a pinch of salt.nServe with some fresh bread., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 1 large clove garlic, peeled and sliced, 1 large dry red hot chile pepper, chopped and sliced thinly with seeds, 2 pounds fresh white shrimp, shelled, Pinch salt], title: Gambas Ajillo: Shrimp in Garlic, picturelink: null}, 1532: {instructions: Sprinkle the venison with the coriander, cumin, and some salt and pepper, then drizzle with the olive oil. Marinate in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes.nCombine the new potatoes, garlic, thyme, serranos, ginger, lemon juice and beef stock in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. With a slotted spoon, remove the potatoes to a large saute pan, reserving the cooking liquid. Add the cremini mushrooms, the butter and some salt and pepper to the pan. Saute over mediumhigh heat, allowing the potatoes to brown then add 1 tablespoon of the cooking liquid to create a glaze, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nCombine the Swiss chard and chicken stock in a medium saucepan and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the chicken stock is reduced by half, about 15 minutes. Set aside.nPrepare a gas or charcoal grill for high heat.nRemove the venison from its marinade. Grill for 4 minutes on each side for medium rare.nTo serve, bring all the components together for your deconstructed pot roast, and enjoy., ingredients: [1 pound venison loin, cut into two 8ounce portions, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, Salt and pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 8 ounces new potatoes, halved, 5 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 sprigs thyme, 2 serrano chiles, slit lengthwise but left whole, 1 finger ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 4 cups beef stock, 1 pint cremini mushrooms, quartered, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 bunch Swiss chard, finely chopped, 4 cups chicken stock], title: Deconstructed Venison Pot Roast, picturelink: y.DX4VwawcOATuWjR5uojIXIRfLmI4G}, 1533: {instructions: Prepare the chicken: Whisk the egg white, cornstarch and rice wine in a bowl. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes. Make the stirfry sauce: Whisk 13 cup water, the oyster, hoisin and soy sauces, the rice wine and sesame oil in a bowl, then whisk in the cornstarch until dissolved.nFry the noodles: Pull the noodles apart into sections. Heat 34 inch peanut oil in a medium saucepan until a deepfry thermometer registers 380 degrees F. Working in batches, press the noodles into the oil with a spatula until they puff, 5 to 10 seconds. Drain on paper towels.nMake the stirfry: Heat 2 tablespoons peanut oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons peanut oil to the skillet when almost smoking, stir in the garlic, ginger, jalapeno and minced scallions, then add 12 teaspoon salt and the sugar and stirfry 30 seconds. Add the mushrooms, water chestnuts and scallion pieces and stirfry 2 minutes. Add the stirfry sauce and chicken and cook 1 minute. Make a bed of noodles on a platter and top with the chicken mixture. Serve the noodles and stirfry with lettuce leaves and soy sauce for dipping. Photograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [1 large egg white, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, diced, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 bundles cellophane noodles, Peanut oil, for frying, 4 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon minced peeled ginger, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 4 scallions 2 minced, 2 cut into 1inch pieces, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon sugar, 12 pound shittake mushrooms, stemmed and diced, 34 cup diced water chestnuts, Small lettuce leaves, for serving, Soy sauce, chili paste andor hot mustard, for serving], title: AlmostFamous Chicken Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 1534: {instructions: Place yogurt in a medium bowl, and beat lightly with a fork until smooth and creamy. Add the sugar, salt, cayenne, and carrot set aside.nHeat the oil in a very small skillet over mediumhigh heat. When it is very hot, add the cumin and mustard seeds. As soon as the mustard seeds begin to pop, stir in the raisins. Transfer mixture to the bowl with the yogurt, and stir well to combine., ingredients: [1 14 cups plain yogurt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 medium carrot, peeled and coarsely grated, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 teaspoon cumin seeds, 14 teaspoon brown mustard seeds, 2 tablespoons golden raisins], title: Yogurt Raita with Toasted Cumin, picturelink: null}, 1535: {instructions: For the filling: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the butternut squash with some olive oil and salt. Place onto a baking sheet and into the oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside.nPut a saute pan over mediumhigh heat and melt the butter. Add the apples and salt to taste, and saute until softened. Hit it with the brown sugar and toss until melted. Hit it with the bourbon off the flame, and then carefully tip the pan to the flame to flambe and let the alcohol burn off. Add the apple cider and bring back to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until glazy and delicious, about 10 minutes. Toss in the roasted butternut squash and half of the chopped walnuts.nTo assemble: Add about 14 cup of the filling into the bottom third of a crepe. Roll the crepe and place seamside down on a plate. Repeat this process with the remaining ingredients.nTo serve: Arrange 1 crepe roll on each serving plate and spoon more butternut squash and apple filling over the top. Garnish with toasted walnuts and serve with Cinnamon Gelato. Dust with powdered sugar.nFor the batter: In a mixing bowl, add the flour and salt and make a well in the center. Add the eggs, milk and club soda into the center of the well and whisk together until just combined. The mixture should be like VERY loose pancake batter. If the mixture is a little thick, whisk in a little more milk. Let the batter sit for at least 30 minutes before using. The crepe batter can be made up to 2 days in advance, covered and refrigerated.nFor the crepes: Melt about 12 teaspoon of the butter in a small nonstick saute pan. The butter should coat the bottom of the pan if there is a lot of excess, wipe it out with a paper towel. Keep the paper towel handy in case you need it again you will.nPut the pan over medium heat. Fill a 2ounce ladle almost to the top with batter and pour it into the preheated pan, tipping and rolling the pan as you ladle the batter to evenly cover the bottom. This will take a little practice even when you are an experienced crepe maker, the first couple always get wasted. Accept it and move on.nWhen the edges of the crepe begin to pull away from the edges of the pan and the bottom begins to brown a little, flip the crepe over and cook it for about 1 minute on the other side. Remove the crepe from the pan to a plate and let cool. Stack the crepes as they are cooked between parchment paper squares.nRepeat this process until all the batter is used, wiping the pan with your paper towel or melting a little more butter to the pan as needed.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the heavy cream, 14 cup of the sugar, the vanilla extract, salt and cinnamon sticks. Bring to a boil, turn off the heat and let sit.nIn a small bowl, combine the egg yolks and the remaining 14 cup sugar and beat to a homogeneous consistency.nBring the heavy creamcinnamon mixture back to a boil and turn the heat off. Whisk a third of the heavy cream mixture into the eggsugar mixture, and then immediately whisk the egg mixture back into the remaining heavy cream mixture. Bring the mixture back up over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thickened and coats the back of a spoon, about 10 minutes. Strain the mixture and chill over an ice water bath.nChurn the chilled mixture in an ice creamgelato machine according to the manufacturers directions., ingredients: [1 12 cups mediumdiced butternut squash, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 2 to 3 tablespoons butter, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled and medium diced, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup bourbon, 12 cup apple cider, 12 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped, Basic Crepes, recipe follows, Cinnamon Gelato, recipe follows, Powdered sugar, for dusting, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch kosher salt, 2 eggs, 12 cup milk, 12 cup club soda, 3 tablespoons melted butter, plus 3 tablespoons for cooking the crepes, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cinnamon sticks, 6 egg yolks], title: Roasted Butternut Squash, Sauteed Apples and Toasted Walnut Crepes with Cinnamon Gelato, picturelink: hE5qAihjA3LQUumj0XvCHghzR2A8aH6}, 1536: {instructions: Pulse the almonds and sugar in a food processor until very finely ground. Add the butter and process until smooth, about 1 minute. Scrape the dough off the inside of the bowl, if needed. Add the vanilla and almond extracts and pulse to combine. Add the flour and salt and pulse to make a soft dough. Turn the dough out onto a large piece of waxed paper and roll into a log about 15 inches long and 1 12 inches wide. Wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nCut the chilled dough into 12inch pieces and roll by hand into balls. Space the cookies evenly on the prepared baking sheets and bake until slightly golden, rotating the sheets once, 15 to 20 minutes. Put the confectioners sugar in a pie plate. Briefly cool the cookies on a rack, then gently toss in the confectioners sugar until evenly coated. Return to rack, cool to room temperature, and then toss again in the confectioners sugar., ingredients: [34 cup sliced almonds, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, sliced and softened, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon almond extract, 1 23 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup confectioners sugar], title: Almond Snowball Cookies, picturelink: null}, 1537: {instructions: In a large saute pan on medium heat coated with oil, saute garlic, ginger, black beans and scallions until soft. Add hoisin and stir for 2 minutes. Add red wine, soy sauce and sugar. Check for seasoning. Bring sauce to a boil then add roasted duck. Turn duck frequently to completely coat with sauce. Braise in sauce for 15 minutes then remove duck. Keep sauce on a low simmer. When duck is cool enough to touch, break down duck to small pieces. Add pieces back to the sauce, completely coat and serve immediately.nEither purchase a roasted duck from a Chinese store or follow these easy roasting instructions: In a 350 degree oven, using a rack over a hotel pan of water, roast an unseasoned duck for 1 hour, 30 minutes on each side. The water will not only prevent duck fat from splattering everywhere, but will also help keep the duck moist., ingredients: [Canola oil to cook, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, 14 cup chopped scallions, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup dark soy sauce, 12 cup sugar, 1 whole roasted duck], title: Twice Cooked Duck, picturelink: null}, 1538: {instructions: Cut the Asian pears in half vertically. Use a small spoon to scoop out the core. Put the 4 halves in a pot large enough to fit the pears in a single layer.nCover the pears with the pomegranate juice and plum wine. Add more juice and wine if the pears are not completely covered. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 20 minutes. Take the pot off the heat and let the pears come to room temperature in the pot. Remove the pears and juice from the pot and put in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat a grill to high.nWhen youre ready to serve the pears, dry each half thoroughly using paper towels. Put the sugar on a shallow plate and dip the flat side of each half in the sugar. Put each pear half, flat side down, on a very hot grill and grill until the sugar is brown and bubbly.nTransfer the pears to serving plates, flat side up. Put a scoop of vanilla ice cream in the middle of each pear and garnish with mint., ingredients: [2 small firm Asian pears, peeled, 2 cups pomegranate juice, 2 cups Japanese plum wine, 14 cup granulated sugar, Vanilla ice cream, Mint leaves, for garnish], title: Plum Wine Poached Asian Pear, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 1539: {instructions: Press the cucumber, celery, apple, lemongrass, and lemon through the juicer and stir in the aloe juice., ingredients: [1 cucumber, diced, 3 ribs celery, 1 Granny Smith apple, diced, 1 stalk lemongrass, cut into 4 pieces, 12 lemon with peels, cut into wedges, 14 cup aloe juice available in health food stores], title: Cool Cucumber and Aloe Frappe with Lemongrass, picturelink: null}, 1540: {instructions: Pour 2 cups of water into a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the quinoa and 1 teaspoon of salt, lower the heat, and simmer covered for 15 minutes, until the grains are tender and open theyu00bfll have little curly tails. Drain, place in a bowl, and immediately add the lemon juice, olive oil, and 1 12 teaspoons of salt.nIn a large bowl, combine the scallions, mint, parsley, cucumber, tomatoes, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Add the quinoa and mix well. Carefully fold in the feta and taste for seasonings. Serve at room temperature or refrigerate and serve cold., ingredients: [1 cup quinoa, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, 14 cup good olive oil, 1 cup thinly sliced scallions, white and green parts 5 scallions, 1 cup chopped fresh mint leaves 2 bunches, 1 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 hothouse cucumber, unpeeled, seeded, and mediumdiced, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved through the stem, 2 cups mediumdiced feta 8 ounces], title: Quinoa Tabbouleh with Feta, picturelink: hSLImr5.xTiSWkquk1S14k.5Dh4hG0O}, 1541: {instructions: Puree the raspberries and strawberries. Press through a sieve into a bowl. Add the sugar and lemon juice. Chill. To serve, stir the mixed fruit into the puree. Spoon into soup plates. Scatter the mint over the top. Set the creme fraiche on the table so everyone can add a dollop. Pass the bottle of Champagne and let everyone pour a glug into his bowl. Pour the rest of the bubbly into glasses., ingredients: [8 ounces250g raspberries, 8 ounces250g strawberries, 12 cup100g sugar, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 pound500g mixed soft fruits and berries, such as strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, blueberries, A handful fresh mint leaves, chopped, Creme fraiche, optional, for serving, 1 bottle 750ml cold Champagne], title: Champagne and Berry Soup, picturelink: null}, 1542: {instructions: In a blender, combine the dressing and the avocado, and puree until smooth.nIn a medium bowl, combine the shrimp, cucumber, celery, lemon juice, 12teaspoon salt, pepper to taste, and about 5 tablespoons of the dressing.nOn a large platter or individual plates arrange the asparagus and tomatoes. Make a bed of lettuce and top with the shrimp salad. Sprinkle with the chives and serve the salad with the remaining dressing on the side.nCooks Note: Substitute 3 cups other cooked seafood, such as crabmeat, crawfish tails, or lobster.nCombine the anchovies, mayonnaise, sour cream, chives, parsley, tarragon, basil, shallots, lemon juice, and the 14teaspoon of salt in a blender. Puree to make a smooth dressing. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Use now or store, covered, in the refrigerator, for up to 2 days.nYield: 1 14 cupsnCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [23 cup GREEN GODDESS DRESSING, recipe follows, 1 ripe Hass avocado, split, seeded, and peeled, 112 pounds peeled, deviened and cooked shrimp cut into 12 inch chunks, 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded and cut into 34 inch chunks, 12 celery stalk, peeled and diced, 1 to 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 head Boston or Bibb lettuce, trimmed and washed, 1 pound cooked trimmed asparagus, 1 medium vineripened tomatoes, cored and cut into 12 wedges, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 3 anchovy filets, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes, dried, and coarsely chopped, 34 cup prepared or homemade mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley, 112 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon leaves, 34 teaspoon finely chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt plus more, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Shrimp Salad, picturelink: null}, 1543: {instructions: Pour rum, amaretto and cherry liqueur in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake until ingredients are well combined and chilled. Pour into a highball glass filled with ice. Squeeze a lime wedge over drink and drop into glass. Add a pour of cherry juice and garnish with a maraschino cherry., ingredients: [2 oz. Silver rum, 12 oz. amaretto, almondflavored liqueur, 12 oz. Luxardo maraschino cherry liqueur, Ice, Wedge of lime, Splash of maraschino cherry juice, Maraschino cherry for garnish], title: Cherry Splash, picturelink: null}, 1544: {instructions: In a bowl whisk beer into flour until batter is smooth and whisk in parsley. Let batter stand 30 minutes and stir in 34 teaspoon salt. Cut onion crosswise into 12inchthick slices and separate slices into rings. In a large deep skillet heat 1inch oil to 380 degrees F. Working in batches of 4 or 5 onion rings, drag rings through batter to coat completely, letting excess drip off, and fry, turning, until golden, about 1 to 2 minutes. With tongs transfer rings as fried to paper towels to drain and season with additional salt., ingredients: [34 cup plus 2 tablespoons beer not dark, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 34 teaspoon salt, plus additional for sprinkling rings, 1 large onion about 34 pound, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying], title: Parsley Fried Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 1545: {instructions: To prepare the puddings, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush the inside of six 6ounce heatproof custard cups or ramekins with the melted butter. Invert the custard cups on a baking sheet and refrigerate until the butter sets.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and coriander.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or in a large bowl with a handheld mixer, beat the 8 tablespoons butter and the cane sugar on high speed until the mixture is light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, followed by the yolk and the vanilla, beating well and scraping down the side of the bowl with a rubber spatula after each addition. Beat in the pumpkin puree and scrape down the bowl.nAdd the flour mixture in thirds, alternating with the buttermilk, beating each time only until the batter is smooth.nUse an ice cream scoop or large spoon to carefully divide the batter among the custard cups, taking care to keep the rims clean. Gently tap each cup to remove any air bubbles.nIn a lidded baking dish or Dutch oven large enough to hold the custard cups with at least 12 inch of space between them, place a folded kitchen towel to hold the cups steady. Arrange the custard cups in the dish. Pour enough very hot tap water into the baking dish to come halfway up the sides of the cups. Cover the baking dish tightly with the lid.nBake until a toothpick inserted into the center of a pudding comes out clean and the top springs back when gently pressed, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove the lid and let the puddings cool in the water bath for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the hard sauce. In a medium bowl, beat the butter with an electric mixer set to high speed until fluffy. Reduce the speed to low and add the confectioners sugar. When the sugar is incorporated, increase the speed to high, and beat until the mixture is light and fluffy.nFold in the nutmeg and rum with a rubber spatula you should have about 12 cup. Use within 1 hour or transfer to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate for up to 1 week. Allow the sauce to come to room temperature before serving.nThe puddings can be served warm or at room temperature. If serving directly in the custard cups, serve at once or let cool on a wire rack. If unmolding, to serve the puddings warm as soon as they come out of the water, run a thin knife around the inside of each ramekin to loosen the puddings, then invert into a serving plate. To serve at room temperature, place the ramekins on a wire rack until the puddings cool before inverting them onto serving plates. Top each serving with about 1 tablespoon of the hard sauce and a large shard of brittle.nGenerously butter a rimmed baking sheet or line it with a silicone baking mat. In a large skillet, cook the pumpkin seeds over medium heat, stirring often, until they are lightly toasted, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate to cool.nIn a large, heavy, deep saucepan, combine the cane sugar, corn syrup, 14 cup water, and 2 tablespoons butter. Cook over medium heat, stirring with a longhandled wooden spoon until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat to medium high, and bring the mixture to a boil. Let the mixture boil without stirring until it turns deep amber, 8 to 12 minutes.nRemove the pan from the heat and carefully stir in the baking soda, vanilla, and salt. The mixture will bubble vigorously and expand in the pan. Immediately stir in the pumpkin seeds and pour onto the prepared baking sheet. Use a heatproof spatula to gently but quickly spread the brittle into a thin, even layer.nLet the brittle cool to room temperature. Run an offset spatula under the brittle to help loosen it, or gently twist the pan. Break the brittle into shards. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups 7 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 cup 7 ounces natural cane sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup pumpkin puree, 1 cup buttermilk, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup 3 ounces confectioners sugar, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 2 to 3 teaspoons Prichards fine rum, Pumpkin seed brittle, recipe follows, for serving, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking sheet, 1 cup 5 ounces hulled pumpkin seeds, 1 14 cups 8 34 ounces natural cane sugar, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Steamed Pumpkin Puddings with Tennessee Rum Hard Sauce and Pumpkin Seed Brittle, picturelink: uURzV7oJhDIVphA8PtGBqMNhQaAxAKO}, 1546: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium, heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Stir in the mushrooms and cook until golden, about 6 minutes. Stir in the garlic and ginger and cook, stirring until golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in the beef broth, 2 cups water, the soy sauce and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper and bring to a boil.nCut the steak into thin strips and divide among 4 serving bowls. Place 12 cup rice on top. Season the broth with salt and pepper, and then ladle into the bowls. Divide the cucumbers, scallions, chile and kimchi among the bowls. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 ounces sliced shiitake mushroom caps, 5 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped, 4 cups beef broth, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper, 12 ounces top sirloin steak, very thinly sliced by a butcher, 2 cups cooked short grain rice, 1 Persian cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 1 small hot red chile, thinly sliced, Kimchi, as needed, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Top Sirloin Hot Pot, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 1547: {instructions: Toast and grind the cumin, coriander, fennel, and mustard seeds. Combine these with the oregano, onion powder, garlic powder, paprika, bay leaves, salt, and pepper. Divide the spice mixture into 2 equal parts. Rub both sides of each steak with olive oil and then rub each steak generously with one half of the spice mix and set aside.nIn a food processor, puree together the chipotle adobo, garlic, and lemon juice and rub this on the steaks. Let them marinate for 3 hours, refrigerated.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat up 2 tablespoons of oil in pan. Cook the steak for approximately 2 to 3 minutes on each side then finish off in the oven for approximately 4 minutes.nHeat up a pan with about 1inch of oil. Mix the remaining spice mix into 1 cup flour. While the steaks are in the oven, dip the poblano and the onion rings in the buttermilk, and then dip into the seasoned flour. Fry the rings in the heated oil, turning the rings on both sides until golden brown.nArrange the steaks on a serving platter and top off with the onion and poblano rings., ingredients: [4 tablespoons cumin seeds, 4 tablespoons coriander seeds, 4 tablespoons fennel seeds, 4 tablespoons mustard seeds, 8 tablespoons oregano, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 4 tablespoons paprika, 6 bay leaves, Salt and pepper, 4 16ounce ribeye steaks, 1 6ounce can chipotle adobo, 4 garlic cloves, 1 lemon, juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, 4 poblanos, sliced into rings, 2 red onions, sliced into rings, 1 cup flour, 12 cup buttermilk], title: Spice Double Rubbed Rib Eye Steak Served with Ruedas de Fuego, picturelink: MIbb.qr.ikPzOptyOBd8d0BpV.DmdmK}, 1548: {instructions: Make the filling: Place the potatoes in a pot of water and boil until forktender 20 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, saute the onions in the oil until softened. Mash the potatoes and stir in the onion mixture and spinach.nMake the dough: In a mixer fitted with the paddle, combine the oil, water, cumin, turmeric, salt and 1 12 cups flour. If necessary, add additional flour or water to make a soft dough. Form into two balls. Wrap in plastic and let rest, at room temperature for 30 minutes.nAssembly: Roll the dough out into 2 rectangles, 18inch thick approximately 15 by 10inches. Lay filling down center in a squared off log. Place the salmon in a layer on top of the filling. Trim dough and roll up. Refrigerate for 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice into 2inch pieces. Set, seam side down, on a nonstick cookie sheet or a sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake for 30 minutes, until golden. Garnish platter with flatleaf parsley., ingredients: [1 pound peeled baking potatoes, like russets or waxy potatoes, like Yukon Golds, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large Spanish onion, minced 2 cups, 12 cup spinach, cooked, drained, and coarsely chopped, 34 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup water, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 pound smoked salmon, shredded, 14 bunch flat leaf parsley, washed], title: Spinach and Smoked Salmon Cocktail Knishes, picturelink: qOTxPL8UQ2knJdF9bbG0BJU1TDh8iK}, 1549: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, undisturbed, until browned on one side, then stir and continue cooking until browned on the other side, about 3 minutes. Remove to a plate. Reduce the heat to medium and add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet. Add the sausage and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the pepperoni and oregano and cook until the pepperoni is crisp around the edges, about 1 minute. Stir in the pizza sauce and reserved mushrooms. Bring to a simmer and cook 5 more minutes.nWarm the tortillas as the label directs. Divide the sausage mixture among the tortillas. Top with the mozzarella, ricotta and basil.nPhotograph by Charles MastersnHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, undisturbed, until browned on one side, then stir and continue cooking until browned on the other side, about 3 minutes. Remove to a plate. Reduce the heat to medium and add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet. Add the sausage and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the pepperoni and oregano and cook until the pepperoni is crisp around the edges, about 1 minute. Stir in the pizza sauce and reserved mushrooms. Bring to a simmer and cook 5 more minutes.nWarm the tortillas as the label directs. Divide the sausage mixture among the tortillas. Top with the mozzarella, ricotta and basil.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces white mushrooms, thinly sliced, 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage preferably without fennel seeds, casings removed, 2 ounces sliced pepperoni, halved about 12 cup, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 cup pizza sauce, 8 corn tortillas, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh basil, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces white mushrooms, thinly sliced, 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage preferably without fennel seeds, casings removed, 2 ounces sliced pepperoni, halved about 12 cup, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 cup pizza sauce, 8 corn tortillas, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh basil], title: Pizza Tacos, picturelink: IB9SySbTEmeDrlpLUqz1uRH9FdmfWi}, 1550: {instructions: For the carrot fries: Position the oven racks to the middle and top positions and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the sweet chili sauce, sriracha, oil, tamarind paste, Thai seasoning and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Put the carrots in the bowl and toss to coat. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and roast on the middle rack until crisptender, 15 to 20 minutes.nTurn the oven to broil and place the baking sheet on the top rack. Broil the carrots until brown spots appear and the ends become crispy, about 3 minutes.nFor the dipping sauce: Stir together the mayonnaise, lime zest and juice, sriracha, Thai seasoing and sweet chili sauce in a small bowl. Transfer to a small ramekin and top with 1 teaspoon of the chives.nTransfer the glazed carrot fries to a platter and top with the bean sprouts, peanuts, remaining chives and cilantro. Serve immediately with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [14 cup Thai sweet chili sauce, 1 12 tablespoons sriracha, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon tamarind paste, 1 tablespoon Thai seasoning, Kosher salt, 1 pound carrots about 8, peeled and cut into 4inch sticks, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lime zest plus 1 teaspoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon sriracha, 1 teaspoon Thai seasoning, 12 teaspoon Thai sweet chili sauce, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh chives, 14 cup honey roasted peanuts, chopped, 1 cup bean sprouts, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves], title: Around the World Fries: Thai Glazed Carrot Fries, picturelink: null}, 1551: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: butchers twinenIn a mortar and pestle, combine 2 tablespoons olive oil, garlic, sage, fennel seeds, thyme, rosemary, 1 tablespoon black pepper, chile flakes and 2 teaspoons salt. Grind and pound the mixture into a smooth paste. Place the turkey breast skin side down on a clean flat surface. With a sharp knife, butterfly the turkey by cutting down the long side of the breast so it can open up like a book to create a large, flat rectangle of even thickness. Score the flesh lightly in a crosshatch pattern, being careful not to cut too deeply into the flesh. Season the turkey with salt and black pepper. Rub the herbspice paste into all the cuts on the surface of the turkey breast. Roll the butterflied breast together tightly starting with the side that does not have skin underneath it that way there is skin on the outer layers when rolling it up. Form the turkey into a cylinder and secure with butcheru00bfs twine. Tie the roll every 1 12 inches, then place in the refrigerator for 4 hours uncovered this will help the turkey firm up and allows the salt to do a short dry cure on the meat.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the turchetta from the refrigerator and bring to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Brush the turchetta with olive oil and season with salt and black pepper. In a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat, brown the turchetta, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Arrange the turchetta skin side up and place the whole pan into the oven and cook until the internal temperature reaches 150 degrees F carryover cooking will increase the temperature as the turchetta rests, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Remove from the oven, place on a large plate, tent with foil and rest 15 to 20 minutes. Add the chicken stock to the reserved juices in the pan and stir to combine. Keep warm.nTo serve the turchetta, remove the string and use a sharp carving knife to slice it into 1inchthick medallions. Shingle the slices on a large serving platter, spoon cooking juice over the turchetta, and serve immediately., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 2 tablespoons rubbed sage, 1 12 tablespoons fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, Kosher salt, One 6pound whole boneless turkey breast, both lobes connected, breast bone removed, skin on, 12 cup chicken stock], title: PanRoasted Turchetta, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 1552: {instructions: 1. Season meat with Adobo.n2. In a deepsided frying pan or casserole, combine pork, onion, garlic, Jalapeu00f1o, bouillon. Add water to cover. Bring to boil, cover and simmer on low heat until meat is tender, about 1 hour.n3. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.n4. Drain in colander, discarding vegetables and water.n5. Heat oil in same pan on medium high. Add drained meat and brown, turning occasionally.n6. When meat is browned, add orange juice and Sazu00f3n and bring to boil. Place in oven, uncovered, until juice reduces and glazes meat, about 30 minutes. Stir every 510 minutes so it doesnt stick and juice evenly coats meat.n7. Serve with tortillas, Pico de Gallo Salsa and Guacamole., ingredients: [2 lbs. boneless pork shoulder, cut into 1inch cubes, GOYAu00ae Adobo with Pepper, 12 medium onion, 1 tsp. GOYA Minced Garlic or 2 cloves fresh garlic, 1 jalapeu00f1o pepper from 11 oz. can of GOYA Green Pickled Jalapeu00f1o Pepper optional, 1 packet GOYA Chicken Bouillon, Water to cover, 3 tbsp. GOYA Corn Oil, 1 12 cups orange juice, 1 packet Sazu00f3n GOYA without Annatto, Flour Tortillas, warmed, 1 jar GOYA Pico de Gallo Salsa Mild, 1 tub GOYA Frozen Guacamole, thawed], title: Carnitas, picturelink: NXen4w9jXwE4PT3lqmjkYhO7d.wRrtS}, 1553: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add half of the oil. When the oil is hot, add the vegetables and stirfry until the vegetables are almost done, about 5 minutes. While the vegetables are cooking, heat a second skillet over high heat and add the remaining oil.nCut the steak into small cubes, and stirfry until browned on all sides, about 4 to 5 minutes.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Separate the egg roll wrappers into 2 piles. Roll each pile up into a log. Slice the log into thin strips about 14inch thick and separate them into individual noodles. Put half of the noodles into the boiling water and cook for 3 minutes. Drain and add to a serving bowl or platter. Reserve the remaining noodles for the Online Round 2 Recipe, Japanese Noodle Bowl.nIn a small bowl combine the soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, and cornstarch and set aside.nAdd the steak, along with any accumulated juices, to the pan with the vegetables. Stir the cornstarch mixture into the vegetables and cook until the sauce has thickened, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the butter. Reserve 2 cups for the Online Round 2 Recipe, Japanese Noodle Bowl.nTop the cooked noodles with the steak and vegetable mixture and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 large carrot, thinly sliced, 1 zucchini, thinly sliced, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1 8ounce package sliced mushrooms, 1 12 pounds top round steak, 1 pound egg roll wrappers, 12 cup reduced sodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Hibachi Steak, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 1554: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, the vinegar and 12 teaspoon of the salt. Set aside.nPlace the squash wedges on a rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 teaspoon salt. Add the rosemary and garlic. Cover the tray tightly with a sheet of foil. Bake until the tip of a knife goes into the squash easily, 35 to 40 minutes.nDrizzle threequarters of the vinaigrette over the squash and allow it to cool and absorb the dressing for about 10 minutes.nAdd the arugula, pistachios and cherries to the remaining vinaigrette. Toss gently to coat. Place the marinated squash wedges on a platter and top with the dressed greens. Sprinkle with the gorgonzola and serve., ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 pounds acorn squash, halved, seeded and cut into wedges, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 cloves garlic, unpeeled and smashed, 2 cups baby arugula, 12 cup roasted pistachios, 14 cup dried tart cherries, 2 ounces crumbled gorgonzola dolce cheese], title: Roasted Squash with Cherries and Pistachios, picturelink: eriDkF6ngV6Fy3C8iR2Juzam44oPkO}, 1555: {instructions: Boil the whole potatoes until they are soft, about 45 minutes. While still warm, peel the potatoes and pass them through vegetable mill onto clean pasta board.nMake a well in the center of the potatoes and sprinkle all over with the flour, using all the flour. Place the egg and salt in the center of the well and using a fork, stir into flour and potatoes, just like making normal pasta. Once the egg is mixed in, bring dough together, kneading gently until a ball is formed. Knead gently another 4 minutes until ball is dry to the touch.nDivide the dough into 6 large balls. Roll each ball into 34inch diameter ropes and cut the ropes into 1inch long pieces. Flick the pieces off of a fork or along the concave side of a cheese grater to score the sides. Drop the dough pieces into the boiling water and cook until they float to the surface, about 1 minute.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine the ricotta, cocoa, cinnamon, sugar, and a pinch of salt and stir well.nDrain the gnocchi and place them in the bowl with the cocoa mixture. Toss to coat and remove from the bowl. Place in a clean serving bowl with the citrus peel and raisins, drizzle with the melted butter and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 egg, extra large, 1 pinch salt, 14 cut smoked ricotta salata, grated, 1 tablespoon bitter cocoa, Pinch cinnamon, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch salt, 14 cup candied citrus peel, chopped, 14 cup raisins, rehydrated, 12 cup butter, melted], title: Bitter Cocoa Gnocchi: Gnocchi di Cacao, picturelink: null}, 1556: {instructions: Combine the mango, banana, buttermilk, sugar, vanilla and cardamom in a blender and blend until smooth. Divide among 4 glasses and serve., ingredients: [4 cups frozen diced mango, 1 ripe banana, peeled and chopped, 2 cups very cold buttermilk, 1 tablespoon sugar or honey, plus more if mango isnt super sweet, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom], title: MangoCardamom Buttermilk Smoothie, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 1557: {instructions: For the chicken: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat a large enameled castiron pot over mediumhigh heat, and add the oil. Mix the chili powder, cumin and coriander together in a bowl. Sprinkle the chicken liberally with salt and pepper and the spice mixture. Add the chicken to the pot, skinside down, and sear until the skin is golden brown flip, and sear for another 3 minutes. Remove the chicken thighs to a small baking sheet and transfer to the oven. Bake until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F. Remove and let rest.nFor the rice: Heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat in the pot that was used for the chicken. Add the onions, peppers, celery, marjoram and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until the onions become translucent, then add the garlic cook for another 3 minutes. Add tomato puree and cook for 2 minutes. Add the rice and saute for 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock, bring to a boil and then reduce to a low simmer. Place in the oven and cook for 20 minutes, or until rice is cooked.nLet the rice sit for at least 5 minutes, then fluff with a fork. Add the cilantro, and season to taste with salt, pepper and lemon juice. Garnish with avocado and olives., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon dark chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 4 bonein, skinon chicken thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup diced yellow onion, 12 cup diced red bell pepper, 14 cup diced celery, 2 sprigs fresh marjoram, 1 sprig fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 34 cup tomato puree, 2 cups longgrain rice, 4 cups chicken stock, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 lemon, 2 ripe Hass avocados, sliced, for garnish, 1 cup chopped Castelvetrano olives, for garnish], title: Chicken Paella, picturelink: 1O399VVNKQXBf2TL.0TqEv.fEYhj4di}, 1558: {instructions: Special equipment: 3inch ring mold or clean tuna can with top and bottom removednPreheat broiler. To make Parmesan crisp: place 3inch ring mold on baking sheet. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of shredded parmesan into mold. Repeat 3 more times so there are 4 separate parmesan disks. Lay out crisps on a foil covered pan. Place under broiler for 3 to 4 minutes watching carefully until Parmesan turns golden brown. Remove from broiler and let cool.nIn a blender combine Caesar dressing, roasted garlic cloves and mayonnaise. Blend on medium speed until creamy.nIn a large bowl, add romaine, 14 cup Parmesan and croutons. Toss with salad dressing.nCarefully peel Parmesan crisps from foil.nServe on chilled plates with Parmesan crisps upright in salad., ingredients: [4 tablespoons shredded Parmesan, plus 14 cup, 34 cup Caesar dressing, 4 cloves roasted garlic, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 10ounce bag chopped romaine hearts, 1 cup seasoned croutons], title: Caesar Salad with Creamy Roasted Garlic Dressing and Parmesan Crisp, picturelink: I02VKq1nXHYeu2VtGQwEpk6BAvUg7cG}, 1559: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, mix together the onions and bell peppers.nLay out 6 flour tortillas on a work surface. Cover the tortillas with a layer of shredded Mexican cheese. Top each with a small handful of onions and bell peppers, a little more Mexican cheese, and then another flour tortilla.nHeat a griddle or large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Gently toast each side of the quesadillas until the cheese is melty.nTop 1 toasted quesadilla with 2 tablespoons pizza sauce, spreading to the edges. Top the pizza sauce with 13 cup mozzarella and 2 tablespoons Parmesan. Arrange a few pepperoni slices on top of the cheese.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper and arrange the pizzatopped quesadilla on top. Add another quesadilla on top and repeat the pizza process. Repeat until all the quesadillas are stacked on top of each other with a pizza layer in between.nUnroll the pizza dough from the tubes. Drape one dough over half of the quesadilla stack. Drape the remaining dough over the other half of the stack, overlapping slightly.nPress the dough over the stack tightly, and make sure the two doughs are sealed together by crimping slightly. Cut off any excess dough.nOn the top of the pizza, spread 14 cup pizza sauce and top with mozzarella and pepperoni.nBrush the sides of the dough with olive oil.nBake until the crust is golden brown, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Allow to rest for 5 minutes. Slice and serve warm., ingredients: [1 small yellow onion, thinly sliced about 12 cup, 1 small green bell pepper, thinly sliced about 12 cup, 1 small red bell pepper, thinly sliced about 12 cup, Twelve 10 to 12inch flour tortillas, Two 8ounce bags shredded Mexican cheese blend, One 16ounce jar pizza sauce, Two 8ounce bags shredded mozzarella, 2 cups grated Parmesan, One 6ounce package pepperoni slices, Two 13.8ounce tubes refrigerated pizza dough, such as Pillsbury, Olive oil, for brushing], title: Pizzadilla Cake, picturelink: null}, 1560: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F with rack in center.nHeat a large cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Rub lamb with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place in skillet and sear until golden brown all over including ends, about 3 minutes per side. Place on a baking sheet. Let stand until cool, about 30 minutes.nIn a small bowl, combine the bread crumbs, rosemary, garlic, parsley, 14 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Brush lamb with 2 tablespoons mustard, making sure that the entire surface is covered. Pat seasoned bread crumbs over rack reserve any remaining bread crumbs for another use, covering the mustard in an even layer. Return to baking sheet and roast until a thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the meat registers 130 degrees F, about 20 to 25 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before carving into individual chops., ingredients: [1 full rack of lamb about 1 14 pounds, frenched, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, plus 14 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 cup fine fresh bread crumbs, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard], title: Rack of Lamb 101, picturelink: ZYo5Ibk9qcC4GJhFe8ulpTbxHoZrYi}, 1561: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper.nIn a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the cream cheese until soft and smooth. Add the egg and mix. Add 12 cup of the sugar, the vanilla, and cinnamon and mix. Add the cut up dried plums and mix just until incorporated. Spoon the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with no tip and a large opening at the end or just set aside in a bowl.nTransfer one sheet of phyllo to the prepared pan. Using a pastry brush, brush the phyllo with butter. Sprinkle with 13 of the remaining sugar and 13 of the ground walnuts. Repeat with the two remaining sheets of phyllo. Reserve the remaining melted butter and sugar.nTurn the sheet pan so the wide part of phyllo is parallel to your body. Two inches in from the lefthand edge of the phyllo, working from top to bottom and leaving 2 inches bare at the top and bottom, pipe or spoon 2 lines of cream cheese mixture 34 inches thick.nStarting at the edge, roll up the pastry to encase the cheese. Keep rolling to form a log. Move the log to the center of the sheet pan and tuck the ends under to keep the filling from oozing out. Brush the surface with melted butter and sprinkle with sugar.nBake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let cool 10 to 15 minutes on the pan. Using a serrated knife, cut carefully into sections and serve warm, with whipped cream or ice cream., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 egg, 12 cup sugar, plus 12 cup, plus more, for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 cup dried plums, cut up, 3 sheets phyllo pastry, thawed overnight in the refrigerator if frozen, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup finely chopped walnuts, Whipped cream or ice cream or lemon sorbet, as an accompaniment], title: Dried Plum and Cheese Strudel, picturelink: null}, 1562: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and center an oven rack. Line a minimuffin tray with your favorite liners.n2. Combine the flour, baking powder, garam masala, salt and baking soda in a large bowl. Work in the brown sugar with your fingers.n3. Whisk together the carrots, yogurt, oil, raisins, coconut, ginger, zest and eggs in a separate bowl.n4. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry until just combined dont fret if the batter has lumps.n5. Grease a small 1 14inch icecream scoop with nonstick spray and fill the liners about 34 of the way to the top. Sprinkle with turbinado sugar, if using.n6. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the muffins comes out clean and the tops spring back when touched, 14 to 16 minutes. Rotate the trays front to back and top to bottom about halfway through baking to ensure even baking. Let the muffins rest in the hot muffin pan 3 minutes, then transfer to a cooling rack and let cool 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup finely shredded carrots about 3 small carrots, 34 cup yogurt, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup golden raisins, plumped in hot water and drained, 14 cup shredded sweetened coconut, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, Turbinado sugar for sprinkling, optional], title: Mini Spiced Carrot Muffins, picturelink: 11H51jxExsZfLQSJHC1DPoiCxHHX.a}, 1563: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line muffin pans with 36 muffin liners. Combine the graham cracker crumbs, granulated sugar and butter in a bowl. Mix with your hands until well combined. Press 2 tablespoons of the mixture into the cupcake liners and bake for 7 minutes. Remove and let cool.nFor the chocolate cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In the bowl of an electric mixer with the whisk attachment, whisk the flour, cocoa powder, granulated sugar, baking soda, baking powder and salt until well combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, scraping the bowl as needed. Add the buttermilk, vegetable oil, vanilla and coffee and mix for about a minute until well combined. Fill the 36 muffin pans with the prebaked graham cracker crust threequarters full with batter and bake until a toothpick inserted comes out clean, about 20 minutes.nFor the peanut butter cream cheese filling: Whip the cream cheese and butter in an electric mixer with the paddle attachment until fully incorporated. With the mixer on low, gradually add the powdered sugar until combined. Add the vanilla and mix until combined. Finally, add the peanut butter and mix until fully incorporated.nFor the marshmallow frosting: In small saucepan, combine the granulated sugar, 5 ounces water and the cream of tarter and boil until the sugar dissolves, stirring occasionally.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites and vanilla until firm peaks form. With mixer on high, slowly stream the hot sugar mixture into the egg whites and mix for about 3 minutes.nTo assemble: Use a knife to cut a hole out of the center of the cupcakes. Fill with peanut butter cream cheese filling with a spoon and frost with marshmallow frosting., ingredients: [1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons butter, 15 ounces allpurpose flour, 5 ounces cocoa powder, 1 pound 8 ounces sugar, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 4 eggs, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 3 ounces vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups hot coffee, 12 ounces cream cheese, 8 ounces butter, 1 12 pounds powdered sugar, sifted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 ounces creamy peanut butter, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 4 egg whites, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Peanut Butter Moon Pie: Chocolate Cake, Graham Cracker Crust, Peanut Butter Cream Cheese Filling, Marshmallow Frosting, picturelink: lGrMsskcLJrnP8b2Tss.p73CtSJTN6}, 1564: {instructions: Lay out the bread slices and spread them both with peanut butter. Lay the banana slices on one piece of bread. Press the 2 slices together.nButter one side of the sandwich and put it on a hot panini maker butterside down. Butter the other side, close the lid and cook until its toasted and warmed through. If you do not have a panini maker, you can grill the sandwich in a skillet, laying another heavy skillet on top of the sandwich to press it together. Turn to grill the other side in the same way.nSprinkle with powdered sugar, cut in half and serve, ingredients: [2 slices wheat bread, 1 tablespoon peanut butter, 1 banana, sliced, 2 tablespoons salted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon powdered sugar], title: Peanut Butter and Banana Panini, picturelink: D2uMCJ89NrSxxQV4MaYT3RlLN0EqYG}, 1565: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak 4inch wooden skewers in cold water for 1 hour. Thread 1 shrimp onto each skewer so that the shrimp lie flat.nWhisk together the soy, garlic, ginger, sesame oil, white wine vinegar, lime juice and peanut oil together in a small bowl. Place shrimp skewers onto a plate and drizzle with peanut oil to lightly coat. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat grill. Grill shrimp 2 minutes per side or until just cooked through. Place shrimp on a platter, drizzle with vinaigrette and sprinkle with sesame seeds., ingredients: [Wooden skewers 4inch, 24 large shrimp, 12 cup light soy sauce, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 14 cup peanut oil, plus extra for drizzling, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds], title: Grilled Shrimp Skewers with Soy Sauce, Fresh Ginger and Toasted Sesame Seeds, picturelink: w5JJWZO2wwqaJsfwbw5QtZ.IAtYj.Si}, 1566: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil add the tomatillos, jalapeno, onion, and garlic. Simmer for 10 to 15 minutes until the tomatillos are soft. Drain and cool slightly. Combine the tomatillos, jalapeno, onion, garlic, cilantro, and lime juice in a blender. Add 14 cup of water and process to a coarse puree season with a generous pinch of salt. You should have about 3 cups of this salsa verde.nCombine the shredded chicken and queso fresco in a large mixing bowl. Pour in 1 12cups of the salsa verde and fold the ingredients together to moisten. Use as a filling for empanadas. Serve the remaining salsa verde on the side.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, masa harina, baking powder, and salt. Stir in the melted butter. Gradually add 12 cup to 34 cup of water, working it in with your hands to incorporate the dough should be easy to handle and not sticky. Form the dough into a ball, wrap it in plastic, and chill for 30 minutes.nLightly flour your rolling pin and counter. Divide the dough in 12 so it will be easier to work with and roll it out to 18inch thickness. Using a 4inch cookie or biscuit cutter, cut out 10 circles of dough repeat with the other 12.nSpoon 2 generous tablespoons of filling into the center of each pastry circle, leaving a 12inch border. Brush the edges with the egg wash and then fold the dough over in 12 to enclose the filling and form a semicircle. Tightly seal the edges by crimping with the tines of a fork. Chill at least 30 minutes before baking.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the empanadas on a buttered baking sheet and brush the tops with additional egg wash. Using a fork, prick a few holes in the top of the empanadas for steam to escape. Bake for 30 minutes, until the pastry is golden brown., ingredients: [8 medium tomatillos about 1 12 pounds, husked and rinsed, 1 to 2 jalapenos, stemmed, 1 Spanish onion, quartered, 3 garlic cloves, 1 handful fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 lime, juiced, Salt, 2 cups finely shredded, cooked chicken, preferably dark meat, 1 cup crumbled queso fresco, 1 recipe empanada dough, recipe follows, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup masa harina, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, Butter, for greasing the pans], title: Green Chile Chicken and Queso Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 1567: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray set aside.nIn a microwavesafe bowl, combine corn, mushrooms, pimentos, garlic, parsley, 1 teaspoon herbs, and vinegar. Mix thoroughly and set aside.nCut salmon into 4 serving portions. Sprinkle remaining herbs on a plate. Use a pastry brush to brush salmon with olive oil.nCoat salmon with herbs and place fillets on prepared baking sheet. Bake in preheated oven for 22 to 26 minutes.nCover corn mixture and heat in microwave on HIGH for 2 to 2 12 minutes.nServe salmon immediately over corn mixture., ingredients: [1 12 cups frozen organic corn kernels, 1 4.5ounce jar sliced mushrooms, 2 tablespoons chopped pimentos, 12 teaspoon crushed garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons herbs de Provence, divided, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 pound salmon fillet, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Herb Crusted Salmon with Sweet Corn and Mushrooms, picturelink: nOlkHyuxmWqZFQKJ8lvUFg811ID03bO}, 1568: {instructions: Combine the oil and butter in a large saucepan. Warm over mediumlow heat. Add the leeks and stirring frequently, allow them cook slowly for 10 minutes. Do not brown.nStir in the cauliflower, potatoes, and stock. Season with the salt and pepper. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes, or until the vegetables are very tender. Remove form the heat and allow to cool slightly.nTransfer to a blender or a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Process until smooth. Transfer to a clean saucepan and place over medium heat. Bring to a simmer. Taste and adjust the seasoning. If the soup is too thick, thin with the milk.nPour an equal portion into each of 4 warm bowls. Lay a parsley leaf in the center., ingredients: [1 teaspoon canola oil, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 2 leeks, white parts only, wellwashed and chopped, 1 head cauliflower, broken into florets, 1 medium allpurpose potato, cubed, 6 cups white chicken Stock, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, 12 cup 1 percent lowfat milk optional, 4 leaves fresh parsley], title: Cauliflower Soup Creme du Barry, picturelink: null}, 1569: {instructions: In a medium pot, cover the beets with cold water and boil until tender. Remove the beets and reserve for another use. Add the vinegar, sugar, turmeric if using golden beets, peppercorns and pickling spice. Boil, stirring occasionally until the sugar dissolves.nRemove the pot from the heat and let stand until the cooking liquid reaches room temperature. Add the eggs and onions. Cover tightly and refrigerate, turning the eggs occasionally, at least 8 hours and up to 24 hours. Remove the eggs from the liquid and serve., ingredients: [1 pound red or golden beets, stems and leaves removed, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon turmeric, if using golden beets, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 14 teaspoon pickling spice, 6 large hardboiled eggs, peeled, 1 small yellow onion, peeled and sliced], title: Golden and Purple BeetPickled Eggs, picturelink: JKr33fVFLBd3sUvVa05D6Unpy35Wyq}, 1570: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 425 degrees and arrange a rack in the middle. Roll out pizza dough into a 14inchthick rectangle. Using a pastry brush, lightly oil the dough, and, using a 3inch biscuit cutter, stamp out 22 to 24 rounds.nTransfer rounds to a greased baking sheet. Evenly scatter peppers, pine nuts, and goat cheese between pizzas.nBake until cheese is melted and underside is brown, about 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound storebought pizza dough, Olive oil, for brushing dough, 12 cup finely chopped, drained jarred roasted red or yellow peppers, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 3 ounces goat cheese], title: Red Pepper and Goat Cheese Pizzette, picturelink: 4C4z32z8WNuVbTmcMovUYs3E6kQeOe}, 1571: {instructions: Mix the ice cream, ginger, cinnamon and nutmeg in a large bowl until combined. Cover and freeze until ready to use.nCombine 12 cup heavy cream with the brandy in a small bowl set aside. Line the bottom of a 9inchround springform pan with parchment paper. Arrange about onethird of the panettone in the pan in a single layer, cutting the pieces as needed to completely cover. Brush the panettone lightly with some of the brandy cream. Spread half of the spiced ice cream over the panettone layer. Repeat with another layer of panettone, brush with more cream and top with the remaining ice cream. Cover with the remaining panettone and brush with the remaining cream. Cover the pan with foil and freeze until firm, at least 4 hours or overnight.nRemove the cake from the freezer about 20 minutes before serving. Beat the remaining 2 cups heavy cream, the confectioners sugar and vanilla in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until soft peaks form, about 2 minutes. Remove the springform ring. Cover the cake with the whipped cream and sprinkle with nutmeg.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [4 pints vanilla ice cream, slightly softened, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, plus more for topping, 2 12 cups cold heavy cream, 14 cup brandy, 1 panettone about 2 pounds, cut into 1inchthick slices, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: EggnogPanettone Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 1572: {instructions: 1. Arrange equal amounts of the salad greens on each of 4 dinner plates.n2. Spoon equal amounts of the dressing evenly over all.n3. Top with the chicken, onions and pears. Sprinkle evenly with the blue cheese and black pepper, if desired.nFor additional flavor and texture: Add 12 cup dried cranberries or unsweetened cherries on top with 2 ounces thinly sliced red onion about 12 cup.nFor a lighter version: Use reduced fat blue cheese and fatfree dressing., ingredients: [6 cups torn salad greens or chopped romaine, 12 cup reducedcalorie, fatfree or regular blue cheese salad dressing, 1 14 cups cooked chicken strips, 1 medium yellow or green bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 can 15 oz. Del Monteu00ae Lite Sliced Pears, drained, Optional 1 oz. crumbled blue cheese about 14 cup total, Optional coarsely ground black pepper, Optional chopped walnuts], title: Chicken Pear Salad with Blue Cheese, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 1573: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nFor the caesar dressing: Combine the garlic, mustard, Worcestershire, salt, pepper, egg yolks, lemon juice and anchovies in a food processor and puree. While pureeing, slowly drizzle in the olive oil until completely emulsified. Add more salt and pepper to taste.nSlow roast the turkey breast until it reaches an internal temperature of 155 degrees F. Meanwhile, preheat the grill.nCool the turkey in the refrigerator, and then slice. Grill the turkey and set aside.nHeat oil in a deep pot to 325 degrees F. Blanch the potatoes in the oil until threequarters of the way cooked. Let cool. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Flashfry the potatoes until fully cooked.nSpread the Caesar dressing on one side of each bread slice, and then sprinkle about 3 tablespoons of Parmesan per sandwich on top. Add 4 ounces grilled turkey, 3 leaves romaine lettuce, a heap of potatoes and a sprinkle more Parmesan over the top for each sandwich., ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon pepper, plus more for seasoning, 12 egg yolks, Juice of 6 lemons, Two 2ounce tins whole anchovy fillets, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, One 6pound turkey breast, Oil, for frying, 6 russet potatoes, cut into 14inch strings, 48 slices bread, 2 pounds 4 ounces Parmesan, shredded, 72 leaves romaine lettuce], title: The BigAss Turkey Caesar Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 1574: {instructions: Whisk the allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour, oats, cornmeal, brown sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Whisk the egg in a medium bowl. Add the yogurt, milk, lemon zest, nutmeg and oil and whisk until combined. Stir the egg mixture into the flour mixture until just combined its OK if there are a few lumps.nHeat a griddle or large nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat lightly brush with butter. Pour 14 cup batter onto the griddle for each pancake and cook until bubbles form on top and the bottom is lightly browned, about 3 minutes. If the pancakes are browning too quickly, reduce the heat to low. Flip and continue cooking until golden on the other side, about 1 more minute. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with the remaining batter, brushing the pan with more butter as necessary. Serve with butter and syrup.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 14 cup quickcooking oats, 14 cup cornmeal, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large egg, 12 cup plain lowfat yogurt, 34 cup nonfat milk, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 3 tablespoons nut oil such as almond or roasted peanut or vegetable oil, Unsalted butter, for brushing, Butter and maple syrup, for serving], title: Multigrain Pancakes, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 1575: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the ramen noodles according to package directions. Drain the excess liquid from noodles and set aside. In a medium saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, add the cream and butter, and heat until the liquid begins to simmer. Reduce the heat to medium, allowing the liquid to reduce by a little more than half. This should take 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in the garlic, Parmesan, mascarpone cheese and parsley. Fold in the cooked ramen noodles, reduce the heat to low and allow the sauce to thicken for 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 packages pork ramen noodles, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 12 cups grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, 1 teaspoon minced parsley leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pork Ramen AlfredoCollege Dorm Special, picturelink: ZURlRzAburz9ez22pgk2MdxMxp25Ele}, 1576: {instructions: Whisk vinegar and oil, season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCut kernels off the corn cob. Put corn, tomatoes, onions, peppers, and parsley into a bowl to combine. Pour vinaigrette over salad, mix well, and adjust seasonings., ingredients: [12 cup champagne vinegar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 ears corn, grilled in their husks, 4 cups halved vineripened cherry tomatoes, 12 cup small dice Vidalia onions, 1 poblano pepper, diced small, 12 cup parsley, chopped], title: Cherry Tomato and Grilled Corn Salad, picturelink: null}, 1577: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the potatoes in a big pot with enough water to cover by 1inch. Season with salt and bring the water to a boil. Cook just until the potatoes are tender when pierced with a fork, about 25 minutes.nDrain the potatoes and return them to the uncovered pot off the heat. Let them sit until almost room temperature. Cooling them in the warm pot will get rid of any excess water in the potatoes, and thats good.nMeanwhile, cut the white parts off the ends of the celery stalks. Cut the stalks in half lengthwise, then across into 14inch slices. Stir the celery, 34 teaspoon salt, and the remaining ingredients together in a serving bowl large enough to hold all the potatoes.nWhen theyre cool, cut the potatoes into 1inch pieces, add them to the bowl as you go. Stir gently until all the potatoes are coated with dressing. You can make the salad up to a couple of hours in advance. Keep covered at room temperature. Dont refrigerate or the potatoes will lose their rich, smooth texture., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 stalks celery, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 small red onion, finely chopped about 12 cup, 14 cup tightly packed chopped fresh dill, 1 to 2 tablespoons vinegar, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon grainy or regular Dijon mustard], title: Creamy DijonDill Potato Salad, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 1578: {instructions: Toss the berries, 2 tablespoons of sugar, and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Let stand until juices form, tossing occasionally, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, stir the mascarpone cheese in a large bowl to loosen. Using an electric mixer, beat the cream, remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar, and pinch of cinnamon in another large bowl to soft peaks. Fold 14 of the cream into the mascarpone cheese to lighten. Fold in the remaining whipped cream.nUsing a slotted spoon, divide the berries among plates. Spoon the mascarpone cheese atop the berries. Sprinkle the meringue cookies over top. Drizzle the berry juices around the dessert and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 10ounce container fresh strawberries, hulled and quartered, 1 14 cups fresh raspberries, 1 14 cups fresh blackberries, 23 cup fresh blueberries, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 12 cup whipping cream, Pinch ground cinnamon, 4 meringue cookies, coarsely crumbled], title: Berries with Mascarpone and Meringue, picturelink: null}, 1579: {instructions: For the vanilla custard: Whisk 12 cup halfandhalf with the cornstarch in a heatproof medium bowl until smooth. Whisk in the eggs and set aside.nIn a heavy, medium saucepan, heat the remaining 1 12 cups halfandhalf, the granulated sugar and vanilla beans over mediumlow heat until a thin skin forms on the top, about 8 minutes.nSlowly whisk the hot halfandhalf mixture into the egg mixture to temper it. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula, until it is just thick enough to coat the back of a wooden spoon, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring until combined. Stir in the vanilla extract.nPour the custard into a clean bowl and press plastic wrap directly on the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours, or overnight.nFor the whipped cream: Beat the heavy cream and the confectioners sugar in a medium bowl until soft peaks form.nFor the shooters: Put 1 teaspoon wafer cookies in the bottom of each shot glass. Top with 1 teaspoon vanilla custard and a few pieces of chopped banana. Top with 12 teaspoon cookies and 12 teaspoon custard. Add a dollop of whipped cream and garnish with crushed cookies or chopped banana. Serve cold., ingredients: [2 cups halfandhalf, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 eggs, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 vanilla beans, split, 3 tablespoons butter, 34 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 package vanilla wafer cookies about 30, crushed, 1 banana, chopped], title: Southern Banana Pudding Shooters, picturelink: null}, 1580: {instructions: Place the ginger, jalapeno and garlic on a cutting board. Using a large knife, chop the ingredients together until they are minced and well combined. Sprinkle the mixture with 14 teaspoon salt and use the side of the knife to work the mixture into a coarse paste. Transfer the paste to a medium bowl and add the pineapple, chopped cilantro, onions, tomatoes and avocados. Toss gently to combine. Add the lime juice and 34 teaspoon salt and toss again. Taste and add additional salt if desired. Transfer the salsa to a serving bowl and garnish with a few pieces of diced pineapple and cilantro sprigs. Serve with the chips. Cooks Note: If youre making this salsa ahead of time, you can refrigerate it, covered, for up to 4 hours. When ready to serve, stir well, transfer to a serving bowl and garnish.nCopyright 2012 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chopped peeled fresh ginger, 1 jalapeno, seeded if desired, chopped, 12 clove garlic, chopped, Kosher salt, 1 cup finely chopped fresh pineapple, plus more for garnish, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, plus a few sprigs for garnish, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 12 cup grape tomatoes, quartered, 2 ripe avocados, peeled, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Sweet potato, blue corn and plantain chips, for dipping], title: Tropical Avocado Salsa, picturelink: A3x8ncHgtDbpOJGe3Mxe7T8cpEXrC}, 1581: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Peel the squash if desired. Halve the squash and scoop out and discard the seeds and strings. Cut into 1inch wedges.nBrush a roasting pan lightly with some of the butter. In a medium bowl, toss the squash with the remaining butter and season with the salt. Spread out on the pan and roast for about 30 minutes. Turn the wedges over with a pancakestyle spatula and continue to roast until tender and browned, about 30 minutes more. Transfer the squash to an ovenproof serving dish, season with pepper to taste and sprinkle with the cheese, while still hot, to melt slightly if needed, return the squash to the oven to melt the cheese. Serve., ingredients: [1 medium butternut squash, or other winter squash about 112 pounds, rinsed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled], title: Roasted Winter Squash with Gorgonzola Cheese, picturelink: null}, 1582: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPrepare the hens: In a mini food processor, pulse the garlic and 1 teaspoon salt to a paste. Using your fingers, make a pocket between the flesh and the skin of each Cornish hen. Stuff half the garlic paste between the skin and the flesh of the hens, evenly covering by pushing the paste along the flesh from the outside. Rub both hens all over with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and a grind of pepper. Cross the legs of each hen and tie together with kitchen string. Set aside and allow to come to room temperature for about an hour.nIn a baking dish large enough to hold both hens, mix together the remaining garlic paste, the bell pepper, onions, cayenne pepper, paprika, a pinch of salt and a grind or 2 of pepper.nPlace the prepared hens on top of the vegetables in the pan and slowly pour in 2 cups chicken stock. Place in the oven and cook until the temperature reaches 160 degrees F between the leg and the body of the hen when tested with an instantread thermometer, about 40 minutes.nRemove the hens from oven and remove from the pan to a plate. Cover lightly with aluminum foil to keep them warm while making the gravy. In a medium saute pan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the vegetables from the baking dish and the flour. Whisk the flour briskly until it is combined with all the pan contents. Add the wine and let reduce. Take a sip of wine for yourself youve worked hard. Stir in the remaining 1 cup chicken stock. Taste and season with salt and pepper, and then cook until the sauce has thickened to a gravy consistency, about 5 more minutes. To serve, remove the aluminum foil from the hens. Remove the string and cut in the birds in half. Pour the gravy over the top and garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [10 cloves garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 1 12pound Cornish hens, Olive oil, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and small diced, 12 medium onion, small diced, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 3 cups chicken stock, divided, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Garlicky Smothered Cornish Hens, picturelink: s9wH0ZEWZKXNsBSjTK4j3b2WMnW}, 1583: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a trifle dishnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon and salt.nIn a large bowl, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the maple syrup, molasses and egg, beating to combine. Gradually add the flour mixture into the egg mixture and continue beating until the dough comes together.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Form the dough into 1inch balls and evenly space and arrange on the baking sheets. Bake until very dark, rotating halfway through the cooking time, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove and allow to cool. Drizzle the cooled cookies with the honeypear shrub.nIn a large glass bowl, combine the whipping cream and confectioners sugar and whip until it holds soft peaks. Add the mascarpone and whip to combine.nSpread some of the cream mixture on the bottom of a trifle dish and top with some of the ginger cookies. Spread more of the cream mixture over the cookies, and then top that with more cookies and cream. Garnish with any extra cookies you may have. Chill completely before serving., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch kosher salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks butter, softened, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup real maple syrup, 14 cup molasses, 1 large egg, 14 cup storebought honeypear shrub see Cooks Note, 3 cups heavy whipping cream, cold, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, softened], title: HoneyPear Icebox Trifle with SoftandEasy Ginger Snaps, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 1584: {instructions: Make pastry: Combine flour and baking powder. Place in mound on board and make a well in center. Add eggs and water to well and, using fingertips, gradually combine with flour to form a firm dough. Knead well and let rest for 30 minutes, covered by a bowl.nMix together mutton, 1 12 cups onion and parsley. Season generously with salt and pepper. Add dill and thoroughly combine.nRoll out pastry until very thin. Cut into 3inch squares. Paint with egg white. Place 1 tablespoon meat mixture in middle of pastry square. Bring corners of square to center and pinch together to seal.nGently fry remaining finely chopped onion with clarified butter in saucepan. Add stock and then pastry bundles. Bring to a boil, cover, and simmer 35 minutes. Remove mantays with slotted spoon and divide between 8 individual serving bowls.nAdd sour cream to chicken stock and combine well, but do not let boil. To serve, pour over mantays while hot., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 3 eggs, 12 eggshell cold water, 1 12 pounds boneless mutton, minced, 1 small onion, finely chopped, plus 1 12 cups finely diced onion, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 teaspoons dried dill, 1 egg white, Clarified butter, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons sour cream], title: Mantay, picturelink: null}, 1585: {instructions: For the stew: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the pork, paprika, mushrooms, carrots, onions, peppers, salt and pepper in a roaster and roast 45 minutes.nFor the potato pancake: Mix the onions, eggs, potatoes with their starch and some salt and pepper. Add the flour until the batter becomes thick but not too thick. Heat oil until hot in a pan. Spoon the batter into the pan and form a pancake. Fry on one side until brown, then flip and continue frying until both sides are brown, about 6 minutes.nCheck the pork to make sure it is fully cooked. Strain the juice from the meat and vegetables, add to a pan and simmer over low heat. Slowly add flour into the juices to thicken the gravy.nPlace the meat and vegetables on top of the potato pancake, cover with gravy and serve with sour cream., ingredients: [4 cups cubed pork butt, 1 tablespoon paprika, 5 mushrooms, sliced, 2 carrots, sliced, 1 onion, chopped, 1 green pepper, chopped, 1 Hungarian pepper, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped, Salt and black pepper, 14 cup ground onions, 4 eggs, 3 potatoes, peeled and ground, starch reserved, Salt and pepper, 1 cup flour, plus more for thickening gravy, Vegetable oil, for frying, Sour cream, for serving], title: Hungarian Pancake, picturelink: null}, 1586: {instructions: Heat a wok or large skillet over high heat and add the oil. Add the onions and stirfry until just wilted, about 30 seconds. Add the snow peas and stirfry until nearly crisptender, about 2 minutes more. Add the sauce and stirfry to coat, about 1 minute.nTransfer to a platter or large bowl, sprinkle with the nuts and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon peanut or grapeseed oil, 12 large sweet onion, such as Vidalia or Maui, thickly sliced, 8 ounces snow peas, ends trimmed about 4 cups, 14 cup bottled allnatural kung pao, shiitake soy ginger or other lowsodium stirfry sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped unsalted roasted peanuts or cashews], title: Kung Pao Snow Peas, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 1587: {instructions: Fill a large pot with cold water. Add potatoes and bring to a boil over high heat. Test the potatoes after 15 minutes by piercing with a thin bladed knife. If it slides in easy, the middle has softened. Remove potatoes and cool with cold running water.nPeel potatoes and cut into equal bitesized pieces. Set aside.nPlace eggs in a large pot and fill with enough cold water to cover the eggs by 1inch.nBring to a boil, cover and cook for 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let rest, covered until they are cool enough to handle. Once cool, shell the eggs and place in an egg cutter. Slice eggs once, turn them 90 degrees and slice again, you can also use a knife and thinly slice the eggs. Set aside.nIn large stainless or glass bowl, mix together mayonnaise, mustard, relish, and onion. Mix until well blended.nFold the potatoes into the mayonnaise mixture being careful not to smash them while you mix. Add the eggs to the bowl. Mix all together. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cool overnight in refrigerator to increase flavor., ingredients: [4 medium Idaho potatoes, 3 eggs, 1 12 tablespoons mayonnaise recommended brand: Miracle Whip, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, 1 teaspoon sweet relish, 14 cup chopped onion, such as white or Vidalia, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Triple XXX Family Restaurant Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 1588: {instructions: Heat the butter in a saucepan. When foaming subsides, but before it gets brown add the leeks and celery and 14 cup of the chicken broth. Cover and simmer over low heat for 5 minutes do not let it get brown. Add the chicken, skin side up along with bouquet garni and enough of the broth to just cover the chicken. Cover and simmer, over very low heat for 30 minutes or until chicken is just cooked through. Remove chicken from the broth remove and discard skin and bones and cut chicken into chunks. Remove and discard bouquet garni.nPuree the liquid through a food mill and return it to the saucepan. Add remaining broth and boil it down until reduced to 4 cups. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add lemon juice to chicken and set in microwavable dish.nBlend egg yolks and cream together. Very slowly ladle 1 cup of hot broth into the mixture. Return this tempered mixture to the soup and bring to under a simmer to thicken. Reheat chicken for a minute in microwave oven and distribute it among 4 soup plates. Ladle thickened broth over chicken and garnish with parsley. Serve over boiled potatoes or with bread, ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 4 large leeks, white parts only, chopped, 4 celery stalks, chopped, 4 to 6 cups chicken broth, 2 whole chicken breasts on bone with skin on, Bouquet garni: 12 teaspoon dried thyme and bay leaf, a few parsley sprigs tied in cheesecloth, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup heavy cream, 13 cup minced fresh parsley], title: Creamed Chicken and Leeks, picturelink: null}, 1589: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nHeat the garlic and oil in a small saucepan over medium heat for 2 minutes. Strain the garlic from the oil with a small mesh strainer. Set both garlic and oil aside.nCut the potatoes into 14inch sticks. In a large bowl, toss the oil, potatoes and 12 teaspoon of salt. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray and spread the potatoes onto it in a single layer. Bake until golden and crisp, about 35 minutes.nRemove potatoes from the tray with a metal spatula. Toss with parsley, reserved garlic, and additional salt, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 large baking potatoes, 12 ounces each, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Garlic Fries, picturelink: uvw1q1uNkga8DG9ZQHeBgClmM6GZ8u}, 1590: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In large bowl, mix together cooked rice, salsa, pinto beans, Chipotle Chicken and 12 cup of the 3 Pepper Colby Jacku2122 cheese. Lay sandwich wrap on a clean, flat work surface. Place 12 cup of the chicken mixture in center of sandwich wrap and fold up like a package. Repeat with remaining wraps. Spray baking sheet with cooking spray and place burritos on baking sheet lightly spray burritos with cooking spray. Top with remaining 12 cup of 3 Pepper Colby Jacku2122 cheese. Bake for 68 minutes until heated through serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup Rice, cooked to package directions, 12 cup Salsa, hot style, 1 can 16 ounces Pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup 6 ounces Boars Head Chipotle Chicken, sliced 14 thick, diced, 1 cup 6 ounces Boars Head 3 Pepper Colby Jack, sub, u2122, sub, cheese, shredded, 4 Sandwich wraps, sundried tomato flavor, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Chipotle Chicken Rice Burritos, picturelink: f22zHce6ZQhKrG49RbuhzGhBboxItu}, 1591: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 16 shot glassesnPour 12 cup of the beer in a medium bowl. Sprinkle the gelatin over the beer and let it dissolve, about 1 minute.nCombine the granulated sugar and remaining 1 12 cups beer in a small saucepan. Heat over low heat until the sugar dissolves and the liquid is steaming but not boiling. Pour over the dissolved gelatin and stir to melt the gelatin completely. Strain the mixture into a spouted measuring cup and pour into 16 shot glasses. Refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.nWhen ready to serve, whip the cream and confectioners sugar with an electric mixer in a medium bowl to form soft peaks. Whisk in the tequila and lime zest. Dollop the tequilalime whipped cream on top of the beer shots to resemble the foam head on a beer. Garnish the sides of the glasses with lime wedges., ingredients: [2 cups lager beer, 2 packets unflavored gelatin powder about 4 12 teaspoons, 14 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons tequila, 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, plus 16 small lime wedges, for garnish], title: Beer Gelatin Shots, picturelink: Vv5vkwLfAbgA0UnDAHaWrPeh3DH5bi}, 1592: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the meat sauce: Heat the oil in a Dutch oven or a large, heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. When it shimmers, add the garlic and onions, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper and cook until just softened. Add the sausage and ground pork and stir to break up the meat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the meat starts to color, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the wine and cook, scraping the bottom of the pan to incorporate the browned bits, until the alcohol smell is cooked off. Add the tomatoes, 1 tablespoon salt, the basil, oregano and bay leaves and season well with freshly ground black pepper. Stir until well mixed and the tomatoes start to simmer. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the flavors meld, at least 10 minutes and up to 1 hour.nFor the lasagna: Position an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.nSpread 2 cups of the sauce in a thin layer over the bottom of a 13by9inch baking dish. Layer 4 noodles over the sauce, top with 2 cups more sauce and spread it evenly over the noodles. Evenly dollop onequarter of the ricotta across the sauce, top with onequarter of the mozzarella and sprinkle evenly with onequarter of the ParmigianoReggiano. Repeat with the remaining ingredients, for a total of 4 layers.nCover with foil and bake until the liquids are bubbling and the noodles are beginning to soften, about 40 minutes. Remove the foil and continue baking until the top is golden brown and the noodles are completely tender, about 20 minutes more. Allow to rest 20 minutes before cutting., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 12 medium yellow onion, finely chopped about 1 cup, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, removed from casings and crumbled, 8 ounces lean ground pork, 13 cup dry white wine, Two 28ounce containers crushed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 medium dried bay leaves, One 9ounce box noboil lasagna noodles, 24 ounces ricotta cheese, 1 pound mozzarella cheese, lowmoisture or fresh, thinly sliced, 2 cups finely grated ParmigianoReggiano about 2 ounces], title: Sweet Sausage and Three Cheese Lasagna, picturelink: A3uZRLigngefz696z.Ap2RkOvD6RO4e}, 1593: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nMelt the butter. Roll out bread slices between two pieces of parchment paper until very thin. Brush bread on both sides with melted butter. Place 1 teaspoon of the chocolate in the center of each slice. Fold in half diagonally to cover the filling and form a triangle, trim edges. Press the edges with your fingers to tightly seal. Brush tops and bottoms with melted butter crimp edges with fork and sprinkle top with sugar. At this point, the turnovers can be placed in a zippered plastic freezer bag and frozen for future use. Place on parchment lined baking sheet and bake for 15 minutes 20 to 25 minutes if taken out of the freezer or until golden brown. Serve warm or cooled, with raspberry sauce.nIn a food processor, puree all ingredients until smooth. Pour puree through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids, and chill, covered. Sauce may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered., ingredients: [16 slices fresh homemade type white bread, crusts removed, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 ounces semi or bittersweet chocolate, chopped, Sugar, to taste, Raspberry Sauce, recipe follows, 3 cups raspberries, 3 tablespoons raspberry liqueur or orange liqueur, 2 to 4 tablespoons water, 3 to 4 tablespoons sugar], title: Chocolate Turnovers, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 1594: {instructions: Heat oil in nonstick skillet. Have other ingredients prepped before shredding potatoes as they will discolor. Shred potatoes and immediately combine with scallions and egg. Season mixture with salt and pepper. Scoop a heaping tablespoon of potato mixture into skillet and flatten with back of spoon. Continue cooking four pancakes at a time. When pancakes are brown flip to other side and continue to brown. Remove to paper towels to drain and season with salt., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 4 russet potatoes, peeled and shredded, 2 scallions, sliced, Salt, Pepper], title: Potato Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 1595: {instructions: To make the salmon cakes: Heat 2 tablespoons of the peanut oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, shallot, ginger, and chiles saute for a few minutes to release the flavor. Remove from heat to cool slightly.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the salmon, bread crumbs, cilantro, mayonnaise, lemon juice and egg white. Scrape the garlicginger oil into the salmon mixture season with salt and pepper. Fold the ingredients together gently but thoroughly, taking care not to mash the salmon too much. Using your hands, form the mixture into 4 salmon cakes, they should be moist and just hold together.nCoat a nonstick skillet with the 2 tablespoons of peanut oil and bring it to a slight smoke over medium heat. Fry the salmon cakes until brown, about 4 minutes on each side, turning carefully with a spatula. Keep warm on a plate lined with paper towels.nTo make the bok choy: Return the skillet to the heat and coat with the 2 tablespoons of peanut oil and heat until almost smoking. Split the piece of ginger open with a knife then whack it with the flat side of the knife. Lay the ginger pieces in the oil, cutside down to let it start to perfume. Panfry the bok choy, cutside down, for a couple of minutes to give it some color. Add the water and cook another minute to steam the bok choy carefully remove it to a plate. Add the soy sauce, oyster sauce, lemon juice, and brown sugar. Cook and stir for 3 minutes until the sauce is the consistency of syrup.nServe the salmon cakes with the bok choy, and drizzle the brown sauce over the whole thing. Garnish the dish with the toasted sesame seeds, cilantro, and green onion., ingredients: [14 cup peanut oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 to 2 red or green chiles, minced, 1 12 pounds skinless boneless salmon fillets, cut in small cubes, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs 4 slices white bread with crusts removed pulsed in the food processor, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 large egg white, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons peanut oils, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 2inch piece fresh ginger, 2 heads baby bok choy, halved lengthwise, 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup oyster sauce, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon brown sugar], title: Hong Kong Salmon Cakes with Baby Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 1596: {instructions: Add the tuna in a food processor and pulse to grind. Put the tuna in bowl and stir in the chives, tamari, garlic, and black pepper, to taste. Add the panko crumbs and sesame seeds to a shallow dish. Form the tuna mixture into 8 small patties and roll in the bread crumbs.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the vegetable oil. Put the burgers in the pan and cook until lightly golden brown on the outside and pink in the middle, about 2 minutes per side.nPut the burgers on the bun bottoms. Top with lettuce and pickled ginger, then slather the bun tops with wasabi mustard. Cover with the bun tops and serve with fancy root vegetable chips., ingredients: [1 to 1 14 pounds fresh tuna, roughly chopped, 14 cup finely chopped chives, 2 tablespoons tamari sauce, 3 garlic cloves, grated or finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds, 14 cup vegetable, peanut, safflower or canola oil, 8 dinner rolls or brioche rolls, 12 head Bibb lettuce, about 4 to 5 leaves, 14 cup pickled ginger, 12 cup storebought wasabi mustard or Asian SweetHot mustard or, combine 12 cup yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon wasabi paste in a small bowl, Terra chips or other fancy root vegetable chips], title: Crunchy Tuna Burger, picturelink: gy8IHDXWQLpjl49f6DwzEjq0rEs0Li.}, 1597: {instructions: Arrange the meats, cheeses, and foccacia on a large platter. Arrange a platter of Pinzimonio. Place the Marinated Olives and Roasted Red Pepper Salad in small serving bowls. Serve, allowing guests to compose their own assortment of antipasti on their plate.nAssorted cutup vegetables such as carrots, celery, fennel bulb, radishes, red and orange bell peppers, and cherry tomatoes Stir the oil, salt, and pepper in a small bowl to blend. Arrange the vegetables on a platter. Serve the vegetables with the dip. Yield: 4 to 6 servingsnStir the oil, lemon zest, and red pepper flakes in a heavy small skillet over medium heat just until fragrant, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat. Add the olives and toss to coat. Add the basil toss to coat. Serve. Yield: 3 cups Prep Time: 15 minutes Cook Time: 1 minute Inactive Prep Time: 12 hoursnPreheat the broiler. Cover a heavy baking sheet with foil. Arrange the bell peppers on the baking sheet. Broil until the skins brown and blister, turning the peppers over occasionally, about 15 minutes. Enclose the peppers in a resealable plastic bag. Set aside until cooled to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Peel, seed, and cut the peppers into 12inch thick strips. Toss the pepper strips, olives, oil, capers, basil, garlic, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl to combine. Cover and refrigerate up to 2 days. Yield: 6 servings Prep Time: 15 minutes Cook Time: 15 minutes Inactive Prep Time: 20 minutes, ingredients: [1 pound assorted sliced deli meats such as salami, spicy capocollo, prosciutto, mortadella, and bresaola, 12 pound ParmigianoReggiano, cut into irregular chunks, Pinzimonio, recipe follows, Marinated Olives, recipe follows, Roasted Pepper Salad, recipe follows, 1 loaf focaccia bread, sliced, with cheese, 12 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes, 1 12 cups Sicilian cracked green olives, 1 12 cups kalamata olives, 2 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 3 red bell peppers, 2 orange bell pepper, 13 cup pitted kalamata olives, thinly sliced, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 6 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Antipasti Platter, picturelink: cnC1yU09c3Fo.qic9dTuDQrg6ojPl2e}, 1598: {instructions: Arrange all components decoratively on a large platter.nLay peppers on their sides on racks of gas burners and turn flames on moderately high. Roast, turning frequently with tongs, until skins are blackened, 5 to 8 minutes. Or broil on rack of a broiler pan about 4 inches from heat, turning frequently, 15 to 20 minutes.nTransfer to a bowl, then cover, and let steam 10 minutes. Alternatively, place peppers in resealable plastic bags to steam. Peel peppers and discard stems and seeds. Cut lengthwise into 1inchwide strips.nIn a bowl, place cleaned peppers. Douse with balsamic vinegar, salt, and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [12 pound marinated roasted peppers, recipe follows, 14 pounds grilled eggplant, 14 pound grilled zucchini, 12 pound marinated mushrooms, 12 pound assorted green and black olives, 1 7ounce jar marinated artichokes, 34 pound marinated or plain bocconcini small mozzarella balls, 12 pound soppressata hard Italian sausage, thinly sliced, 3 large about 2 pounds red bell peppers, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Antipasti Platter, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 1599: {instructions: For the salad: Place the bacon lardons into a saute pan and cook to render the fat and crisp. Remove the bacon lardons and reserve 12 cup bacon fat for the dressing. Drain the frisee and fennel and dry in a salad spinner. Set the frisee and fennel aside in a medium bowl.nTo the same bowl add the reserved bacon, pickled onions, and warm vinaigrette dressing that has been spooned around the side of the bowl. Spooning the dressing on the side of the bowl helps from overdressing the salad itself. Toss to combine.nFor the poached egg: Add 2 cups or about 1inch white wine to a saucepan and add a splash of vinegar and big pinch salt. Add the bouquet garni to the saucepan and bring the mixture to a slow simmer. Once at a slow simmer, remove the bouquet garni. Carefully crack the egg into a ramekin. Gently slide the cracked egg into the liquid and poach. While the egg is cooking, baste or spoon some of the hot liquid over the egg to cook evenly, about 45 seconds to 1 minute. Remove the egg from the liquid with a slotted spoon and place into a small dish. Season the egg with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper.nFor serving: Place the toast slice onto a plate. Top with the salad and egg. Garnish with more bacon, sea salt, freshly ground black pepper, extravirgin olive oil. Drizzle with more dressing and garnish with fresh tarragon, if desired.nFor the vinaigrette: Combine the shallot, garlic, salt, vinegar, mustard, and salt in a medium mixing bowl. Whisk in a few drops of the bacon fat and then begin adding the bacon fat in a thin stream, whisking continuously until all the oil is incorporated. Taste the dressing and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nFor the pickled onions: Pack the onions in 2 1quart jars and cover the water to come within 12inch of the rim. Pour the water out into a measuring cup. Note the volume, pour off half of the water and replace it with vinegar. Add 2 tablespoons sugar and 2 tablespoons salt for every 3 cups of liquid. Pour the vinegar mixture into a nonreactive saucepan, add the garlic, bay leaves, coriander seeds, black peppercorns, red pepper flakes, and mustard seeds, and bring to a boil over high heat. Allow the liquid to boil for 2 minutes, and then remove it from the heat.nPour the hot liquid into the jars to cover the onions and screw on the lids. Refrigerate for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 or 2 slices ciabatta bread, grilled with extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces bacon, cut into lardons, reserving at least 12 cup bacon fat for dressing good for 4 servings, 2 medium heads frisee, trimmed and outer leaves removed and soaked in ice water with a big pinch kosher salt, 1 head fennel, halved, cored and sliced paper thin on a mandolin, and add to ice water with frisee, 1 heaping tablespoon Pickled Onions, recipe follows, 1 handful frisee, trimmed and washed, 2 tablespoons Warm Vinaigrette dressing, recipe follows, About 2 cups white wine, for poaching or about 1inch liquid in small saucepan, Splash white wine vinegar, for poaching, 1 bouquet garni 1 clove garlic, bay leaf, shallot, 12 teaspoon peppercorns in cheesecloth tied with butchers twine with extra string to tie to handle of pot, Pinch kosher salt, 1 chicken egg, cracked into individual ramekin, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 shallot, minced 1 tablespoon, 12 clove garlic, smashed, Pinch kosher salt, 14 cup red wine vinegar or big splash, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup warm bacon fat, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds red onions, sliced, White wine vinegar, Sugar, Kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds], title: White Wine Poached Egg with a BaconFrisee Salad, picturelink: null}, 1600: {instructions: Spread cream cheese on pita, 12 an English muffin or Bagel. Arrange chopped vegetables on top., ingredients: [Whole wheat pita bread, English muffins, Bagels, Cream cheese, Veggies], title: Pita Pizzas, picturelink: null}, 1601: {instructions: Soak the porcini in a cup of warm water for at least 30 minutes. Drain the liquid, straining it through a fine strainer to remove any sand. Reserve the strained liquid, rerinse the mushrooms, pat them dry, and chop finely.nPlace 4 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large soup pot over medium heat. Saute the onion and garlic for about 5 minutes until wilted. Add the porcini and the white mushrooms and cook for 10 minutes. Add the porcini liquid, tomatoes, salt, pepper, marjoram, thyme, and the stock. Bring to a boil, lower heat, and allow to simmer for 15 minutes.nCombine the egg yolks, Parmesan, and pecorino in a mixing bowl, then gradually whisk 1 cup of the hot soup into the mixture to warm it. Then whisk the egg mixture directly into the simmering pot, stirring to thicken the soup. Add the parsley and cook for 5 more minutes.nMeanwhile, brush the slices of bread with the remaining olive oil and toast them in the oven at 400 degrees F until golden brown. Place one piece of the toast in the bottom of each serving bowl, ladle the soup over the top and serve with additional grated Parmesan on the side., ingredients: [1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 7 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, peeled and chopped fine, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 2 pounds white mushrooms, washed and sliced, 5 fresh Italian plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and finely chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 sprig fresh marjoram, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 5 cups chicken stock, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons grated pecorino cheese, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley, 8 slices Italian bread, preferably stale, cut 12inch thick], title: Zuppa di Santa Lucia, picturelink: null}, 1602: {instructions: Bring a medium saucepan of water to a boil add the brown rice and boil 10 minutes. Stir in the quinoa and cook until both grains are tender, about 15 more minutes. Drain well and set aside. Meanwhile, drizzle the bell peppers with 1 tablespoon water in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover with plastic wrap microwave 10 minutes. Heat the olive oil in a wide saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add the sausage, garlic, thyme, allspice and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until the sausage is brown and crisp, about 3 more minutes. Add the tomatoes and 1 cup water to the pan. Pile the kale on top, cover and cook until the kale wilts, about 2 minutes. Stir the kale into the sauce and bring to a simmer. Arrange the bell peppers on top, cover and simmer until the kale is just tender, about 8 minutes. Divide the peppers among plates. Stir the grains into the kale mixture and season with salt. Spoon into the peppers. Top with parsley.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 cup longgrain brown rice, 13 cup quinoa, 2 large green bell peppers, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 14 pound andouille sausage, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, Large pinch of allspice optional, Kosher salt, 1 14ounce can lowsodium diced tomatoes, 1 small bunch kale, stems removed, leaves chopped, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping optional], title: Cajun Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: KWag3UIDlgxkiRq3MTRBTefnjj2Zgf2}, 1603: {instructions: Dressing: Mix garlic, palm or brown sugar, fish sauce, lime juice, chiles, and lime leaves in a bowl. Roughly chop shrimp and peanuts by hand or in a food processor and add to garlic mixture. The dressing can be made in advance and stored up to 3 days in the refrigerator.nTo serve, arrange each variety of melon cubes in alternating rows on a platter or in individual bowls. Spoon dressing over melon in a strip and garnish with cilantro. Serve chilled., ingredients: [3 garlic cloves, pureed, 2 tablespoons palm sugar or dark brown sugar, 14 cup fish sauce, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 3 or more serrano chiles to taste, stems removed and thinly sliced with seeds, 1 tablespoon chopped kaffir lime leaves or 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, 12 cup dried shrimp, 12 cup roasted, unsalted peanuts, 6 cups assorted melon cubes, in 12inch cubes, each variety separated, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves for garnish], title: Thai Melon Salad, picturelink: null}, 1604: {instructions: Combine arugula, orange and red onions. In a bowl, mix together lemon juice, a pinch of sugar, vinegar, chopped garlic and olive oil and salt and pepper.nToss Salad with dressing and serve., ingredients: [Arugula, 1 orange, supremed, 1 red onion, shaved, Lemon juice, Pinch of sugar, White wine vinigar, Chopped garlic, Olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Arugula and Orange Salad with Lemon Vinigarette, picturelink: null}, 1605: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the top third of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper and arrange the bacon slices in a single layer on top. Bake until the bacon is golden brown and crispy, 15 to 20 minutes, flipping once halfway through. Transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate to absorb any excess fat and let cool. Crumble cooled bacon.nDiscard the parchment and pour off the remaining excess bacon drippings from the baking sheet, leaving only a thin coating of fat on the baking sheet. Reserve the pouredoff drippings. Increase the oven temperature to 450 degrees F.nToss the fingerling potatoes with 2 tablespoons of the reserved bacon drippings, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Place the potatoes cutsidedown on the baking sheet in a crowded single layer. Bake until the potatoes just start to brown, 15 minutes, then flip and continue to bake until cooked through, golden brown and crisp, about 15 minutes more.nRemove the potatoes from the oven and place the baking sheet on a heatsafe surface. Use a spatula or wooden spoon to push the potatoes together so that they are all touching but remain in a single layer. Sprinkle the potatoes with the cheese and bacon, return to the oven and bake until the cheese is melted, 2 to 4 minutes.nTransfer the potatoes to a platter with a large spatula. Top with dollops of sour cream and the scallions. Finish by squeezing the lemon over the top. Serve hot., ingredients: [6 slices thickcut bacon about 8 ounces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds small yellow, red or purple fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, 12 cup sour cream, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 lemon, halved], title: Loaded Mini Baked Potatoes, picturelink: q1COgAodW9JsmmHP7ZmYc98S7YE0PZ6}, 1606: {instructions: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan, over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the potato, thyme, salt, and broth and bring to a boil. Adjust the heat to maintain a gentle simmer, and cook uncovered until the potato is fork tender, about 10 minutes. Add the broccoli and simmer for 3 minutes.nPuree the soup in batches in a blender or with an immersion blender. Return soup to the pot and add the cream. Bring to a simmer, taste, and season with salt and pepper.nServe with optional toppings.nCopyright 2003 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednOptional toppings: shaved Parmesan, shredded cheddar or crumbled bacon ., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter or olive oil, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 russet potato, peeled and diced, Pinch dried thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, 4 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 1 16ounce package frozen broccoli, thawed, 2 to 4 tablespoons cream or halfandhalf, optional, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Broccoli Soup, picturelink: 9xmZJjQ60p2rkzgJ5fvr88r5yyEVpj.}, 1607: {instructions: Place nuts in a food processor and grind until finely ground.nIn a bowl beat 12 cup of sugar and 14 cup of the butter until blended. Add the egg yolks, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix in the ground nuts, lemon juice, lemon peel and all but 2 tablespoons of the flour.nIn a deep bowl beat egg whites with a mixer on high speed until soft peeks form. Gradually beat in 14 cup sugar until the whites hold stiff, shiny peaks. Gently fold the whites into the yolk mixture.nSpoon the batter into a buttered and floured 9inch cheesecake pan with removable rim. Bake in a 350 degree oven until the torte is very lightly browned and the center feels just barely firm to the touch, about 20 to 25 minutes.nTo prepare the topping, in a medium sized pot melt remaining 12 cup butter over a medium heat. Add the remaining sugar, flour and nuts. Stir the mixture until bubbling. Immediately spoon the toffee topping evenly over hot torte, pushing nuts with a spoon to arrange decoratively. Return to oven and bake until nuts and topping are slightly more brown, about 15 to 20 minutes longer.nCool torte in the pan for 10 minutes, then run a knife inside the pan rim to release. Remove pan rim. Serve torte warm or cool.nTIP: PAN ROASTING ALMONDSnSpread shelled nuts in a single layer on a baking pan. Bake in a 350 degree oven, stirring often, until golden, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [4 cups nuts, 1 kind or an assortment, roasted and cooled, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cups butter or margarine, 5 large eggs, separated, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon grated lemon peel, 13 cup allpurpose flour], title: Double Nut Torte, picturelink: null}, 1608: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a pot, cover them with water and season the water abundantly with salt. Bring to a boil and cook the potatoes until a fork slides in and out of them easily. Drain potatoes and cool.nCoat a large saute pan generously with olive oil. Add the onions, season with salt and bring the pan to a medium high heat. Add the crushed red pepper flakes and saute for 7 to 8 minutes or until the onions are soft and wilted but do not have any color.nUsing the heel of your hand, smash the boiled potatoes to flatten and to break apart. Add to the pan, toss with onions and then flatten them against the bottom of the pan so they begin to form a crust. Repeat this process a few times so a lot of crust forms. Season with salt and toss with the chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 pound fingerling potatoes, Salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Fingerling Homefries, picturelink: LZntmATr.GWFbDMFsQLYoBCUGh5ieK}, 1609: {instructions: In a mediumsized bowl, marinate the ribs at room temperature for at least 30 minutes in egg whites along with a pinch of salt. Using your hands, rub in the corn starch, making sure that it partially coats all of the ribs. Allow them to sit for 10 minutes.nIn a highsided pot, heat the peanut oil to 350 degrees F and deep fry the ribs for about 5 minutes, or until roasting needle comes out clear, and set aside. Meanwhile, in a separate pan, add 12 cup of water, the instant coffee mix, oyster sauce and one chile and simmer over medium heat until sauce thickens.nWhile simmering, add the sugar and allow the sauce to caramelize. Add the ribs to the pan and gently toss until they are fully coated and little sauce remains.nServe with a dust of cinnamon powder and top with chopped spring onions and the remaining chile., ingredients: [6 pieces prime pork ribs about 12 pound per pork rib, 2 egg whites, 2 12 oz. packets instant coffee mix, 3 tablespoons Asian oyster sauce., 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 red chilis, chopped preferably, birds eye chillies, 2 sprigs spring onions, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons cinnamon powder for dusting, Vegetable oil, as needed for deep frying, Pinch salt], title: Singaporean Coffee Ribs, picturelink: null}, 1610: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBegin by zesting the limes. Pour the coarse sugar over the lime zest and toss with your fingers to combine. Set aside.nThrow the mango into the blender. Top off the blender with ice. Pour the tequila and triple sec. Add the granulated sugar and squeeze in the juice of the limes. Blend until completely smooth, adding more ice if necessary to get it the consistency you want.nUse a piece of one of the limes to moisten the rim of the glasses. Dip the rims of the glasses in the lime sugar.nPour the drinks and serve them immediately., ingredients: [2 limes, 2 tablespoons coarse sugar I use decorators sugar, regular sugar will work fine though, Two 20ounce jars mango chunks, drained, Ice, for blending, 1 12 cups tequila, 1 12 cups triple sec, 12 cup granulated sugar], title: Mango Margaritas, picturelink: XfgmYtJttfGApCRuBx1ATE6g1fWNq16}, 1611: {instructions: Just before serving time, peel, core, and slice the pears. Combine the greens, pears, walnuts, and blue cheese in a large salad bowl. Drizzle half the PortShallot Dressing over the top and toss. Drizzle in the remaining dressing, tossing until the greens are well coatedyou may not need to add all the dressing. Leftover dressing can be kept refrigerated for up to 1 week for another use. Season with salt and pepper, and toss again.nPlace on chilled salad plates and serve.nPour the port into a small heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and cook for 15 minutes, or until the port is reduced to 23 cup without the shallots. Set aside to let cool.nPour the port and shallots into the conainer of a blender and puree. Add the vinegar and blend well. While the motor is running, drizzle the oil through the hole in the blender top and continue to blend until emulsified and smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside refrigerate if not using immediately., ingredients: [2 pears, 4 to 6 ounces mixed field greens 4 to 6 cups, washed and dried, 1 cup toasted walnuts, coarsely chopped, 8 ounces Maytag blue cheese, crumbled 1 12 cups, PortShallot Dressing, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups ruby port, 12 cup thickly sliced shallots, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Field Greens with Pears and Blue Cheese, picturelink: null}, 1612: {instructions: In a wide pan over mediumhigh heat, heat 13 cup of olive oil until quite hot. Add the tomatoes, red pepper flakes, and season lightly with the salt and pepper. I always start with a light hand with the salt and pepper because as the tomatoes reduce, the salt will become concentrated. Using a potato masher, mash the tomatoes finely. This will be easier to do as the tomatoes begin to heat up. Cook the tomatoes for 20 to 25 minutes, until the tomatoes are tender and the sauce has thickened.nMeanwhile, stack and roll the basil leaves into a cylinder and cut thinly crosswise into a chiffonade.nBring a large pot of amply salted water to a boil. Cook the spaghetti until just shy of al dente. Reserve a little of the pasta cooking water. Add the pasta to the sauce and cook over mediumhigh heat, gently tossing the pasta and the sauce together with a couple of wooden spoons and a lot of exaggerated movement you can even shake the pan until the pasta is just tender and the sauce, if any oil had separated from it, now looks cohesive. If the sauce seems too thick, add a little pasta cooking liquid to adjust it. Take the pan off of the heat and toss the butter, basil and cheese with the pasta in the same manner the pasta should take on an orange hue and serve immediately.nCooks Note: Here is a good tip for peeling and seeding tomatoes: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Have a large bowl of ice water nearby. Cut a small shallow X on the bottom of each tomato. Ease about 5 tomatoes into the pot and cook for about 15 seconds, and then promptly move them to the ice water. Do this with the remaining tomatoes. Pull off the skin with the tip of a paring knife. If the skin sticks, try a vegetable peeler using a gentle sawing motion. Cut the tomatoes in half and use your finger to flick out the seeds., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 20 ripe plum tomatoes, peeled and seeded, Pinch crushed red pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 fresh basil leaves, chiffonade, 1 pound spaghetti, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1ounce freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, about 2 tablespoons], title: Spaghetti with Tomato and Basil, picturelink: 5ONMhIhmVPa783qJ8efaP3D3bMs3LK}, 1613: {instructions: Special equipment: an 8ounce lidded heatsafe containernPut the grits, coconut milk, cherries, pistachios, brown sugar, cardamom and ginger in the container. Secure the lid, and refrigerate up to overnight.nWhen ready to eat, add 12 cup boiling water, stir gently and cover until the grits are tender and creamy and the cherries have plumped up, about 2 minutes. Stir again, and eat warm., ingredients: [13 cup instant grits, 2 tablespoons coconut milk, 2 tablespoons dried cherries, 2 teaspoons pistachios, roughly chopped, 1 12 teaspoons light brown sugar, Pinch ground cardamom, Pinch ground ginger], title: JustAddWater Instant Grits with Coconut and Cherries, picturelink: be.GUosrupzyzAJVWOerX8fxkUGBD5i}, 1614: {instructions: Slice the head of radicchio into thin slices. Cut endive into rounds. Remove stems from arugula. Wash under cold water and spin dry.nIn a large bowl toss all the greens together. Season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with Citrus Vinaigrette see recipe below.nIn a small bowl combine juices and mustard. Slowly drizzle in olive oil while whisking. Season with salt and pepper.nYield: about 12 cup dressing, ingredients: [1 head radicchio, 2 heads Belgian endive, 1 large bunch arugula, 2 tablespoons grapefruit juice, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 teaspoon mustard, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Radicchio, Endive and Arugula Salad with a Citrus Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 1615: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F.nSlice potatoes into strips that are about 12inch wide. On a baking sheet spread out potatoes. Drizzle olive oil over potatoes and sprinkle with rosemary, salt and pepper. Bake potatoes in oven for 20 to 30 minutes or until crisp and golden brown. Sprinkle with salt and serve., ingredients: [3 large white potatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, Salt and pepper], title: Crispy Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 1616: {instructions: Warm the refried beans gently over low heat. Cut the butternut squash in half crosswise at the narrowest point. Cut each half in half again lengthwise. Peel each section with a vegetable peeler or a flexible sharp knife. Use a teaspoon to scrape out the seeds and strings. Cut into 12 inch dice. Heat large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add olive oil. When it smokes, add squash cubes and toss well. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt, cinnamon, cumin and black pepper. Saute over high heat, tossing frequently, until browned outside and tender but not mushy inside, about 10 minutes.nTo serve, heat tortillas quickly one by one in a very hot dry skillet, about 10 seconds per side. Assemble tacos by spooning in black beans, topping with Sauteed squash, sliced pickled shallots, cilantro sprigs, diced Serranos, and cream. Roll up and serve 2 per person.nCombine the vinegar, wine, brown sugar, peppercorns, mustard, chile flakes, and salt in a medium saucepan. Stir over low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Add the shallots and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. Set aside to cool completely in the liquid.nTransfer the shallots and all their liquid to a jar or plastic container. Cover tightly and store in the refrigerator up to two weeks., ingredients: [1 12 cups refried black beans, 1 small butternut squash, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 soft corn tortillas, Pickled shallots see recipe below, Cilantro sprigs for serving, 3 Serrano chiles, seeds removed if desired, diced, Crema, creme fraiche or sour cream for serving, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup dry red wine, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 1 tablespoons mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 20 medium shallots, peeled], title: Black Bean and Butternut Squash Tacos, picturelink: null}, 1617: {instructions: Make the pancakes: In a bowl, combine the flour, egg whites, water, and salt and stir until the batter is smooth. To a heated nonstick pan, add the oil. Drop in tablespoons of batter to form thin pancakes about 3inches in diameter. Fry lightly on both sides. Transfer to a plate. Using a 3inch ring mold or cup, cut the pancakes into a perfect circle.nMake the fillings: In a bowl, combine the beef, soy sauce, sesame oil, garlic, scallion, honey, and black pepper. Saute the mixture in a pan until the beef is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nPoach the shrimp in salted water, about 3 minutes. When cool enough to handle, julienne the shrimp. Set aside.nPoach the chicken in salted water until cooked through, about 10 minutes. When cool enough to handle, shred the chicken. Add salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.nBlanch the spinach for about 1 minute and then quickly transfer to an ice bath. Squeeze excess water from the spinach and julienne. In a bowl, combine the spinach with 1 tablespoon of the sesame oil, salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.nSqueeze excess water from the shiitake mushrooms, remove the stems and discard, and julienne the mushroom caps. To a heated pan, add 1 tablespoon sesame oil. Add mushrooms, salt and pepper to taste and saute until mushrooms are soft, about 1 minute. Set aside.nAdd another tablespoon sesame oil to the pan with the carrots, salt and pepper to taste. Saute until the carrots are slightly cooked but not completely soft, about 1 minute. Set aside.nAdd a pinch of salt and pepper to the whites and yolks and stir to combine. To a heated nonstick pan on moderately low heat, add 1 tablespoon of oil. Pour the egg whites into the pan and swirl the pan around to form a thin layer with the egg whites. Once the eggs have cooked through, turn them out onto a plate. Repeat the process with the yolks. Let cool, then julienne the whites and yolks. Set aside.nWhen ready to serve, place each filling into a compartment of the kujolpan dish, with the pancakes in the center compartment. Alternatively, pile the pancakes in the center of a large platter and arrange the 8 fillings around the pancakes. To eat, take a pancake and fill it with any combination of fillings to taste., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 2 egg whites, 1 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon oil, 14 pound sirloin steak, trimmed and cut into very thin strips, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 1 scallion, minced, 1 teaspoon honey, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 chicken breast, 1 pound spinach, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, or more to taste, 8 dried shiitake mushrooms, hydrated, 1 carrot, julienned, 2 eggs, separated into whites and yolks, beaten, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Kujolpan Nine Section Appetizers, picturelink: null}, 1618: {instructions: For the slaw: Whisk together the ketchup, mayonnaise, vinegar, celery seeds, paprika and some salt and pepper.nPut the cabbage, carrot, green onions and Spanish onions in a large bowl season with salt and pepper, toss to combine. Pour the dressing over the vegetables and toss again. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 8 hours.nFor the ketchup: Whisk together the ketchup and chipotles in a small bowl.nFor the mustard: In another small bowl, whisk together the mustard and horseradish.nFor the burgers: Heat a gas or charcoal grill to high. Form the ground beef into four 34inchthick patties by tossing the meat from hand to hand and flattening gently. Make a well in the center of each patty with your thumb. Brush the patties with oil and season generously with salt and pepper.nGrill the burgers until slightly charred and crusty, about 3 minutes 5 minutes for turkey, which must be cooked through to serve. Flip and continue grilling until slightly charred and crusty on the other side, 4 to 5 minutes longer for medium doneness another 5 minutes for turkey. During the last minute of cooking, top each burger with two slices of cheese cover the grill and cook until the cheese has melted.nTransfer the burgers to a platter. If desired, toast the buns on the grill, flatside down, for about 15 seconds, or until golden. Place the burgers on the bun bottoms. Top with some chipotle ketchup, horseradish mustard, Russian slaw dressing and a few potato chips, if using. Set the bun tops on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup ketchup, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 1 teaspoon hot smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 head green cabbage, finely shredded, 1 medium carrot, peeled and shredded, 6 green onions, green and pale green parts only, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons grated Spanish onion, 1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons pureed chipotles in adobo, 1 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup prepared horseradish, drained, 1 12 pounds ground chuck 80 percent lean or ground turkey mix of white and dark meat, Canola oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices American, cheddar, Monterey Jack, pepper Jack or Swiss, 4 hamburger buns, 8 ounces potato chips, optional], title: Classic Burgers with Cheese, Chipotle Ketchup, Horseradish Mustard and Russian Dressing Slaw, picturelink: null}, 1619: {instructions: Preparation for the stock: Place the chicken in a pot of water, covering the chicken entirely. Add 2 carrots, 2 celery stalks, and 1 onion, cut into approximately 1inch pieces. Add parsley, thyme and a bay leaf and poach until chicken is cooked. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nCut the remaining carrots, celery, onions into 1inch sticks and place them in a saucepan with water to cover. Cut the leeks into 1inch sticks, slice the mushrooms and add to saucepan. Parboil vegetables in salted water. Take out the chicken when poached no red color must be seen under the skin and discard vegetables from stock. Strain the chicken stock through a fine sieve. Take the skin off of the chicken and cut chicken into 8 pieces. Put the chicken and the parboiled vegetables into the stock. Mix the egg yolks with the cream and add to the stock. Add the lemon juice and butter. Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg.nServe in soup plates with boiled potatoes or white steamed rice., ingredients: [1 whole large chicken, 4 carrots, 3 celery stalks, 4 shallots or small onions, Parsley, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 leeks, 400 grams mushrooms about 14 ounces, 4 egg yolks, 1 cup cream, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoon butter, Pinch nutmeg], title: Chicken Waterzooi, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 1620: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nOver a double boiler, whisk 3 egg yolks and sugar to a thick, ribbonlike texture. In a separate pot, combine the heavy cream and split vanilla bean, and bring to a boil. Temper the egg yolk mixture into the cream, by whisking a little of the hot cream into the eggs, while constantly whisking, and then whisk the yolk mixture back into the hot cream. Return to the heat and, while whisking continually, finish cooking to a custard stage, approximately 1 or 2 minutes.nFor the second part of the creme brulee, whisk the remaining 3 egg yolks for 1 minute. Add the condensed milk and whisk for another minute. Add the key lime juice gradually and whisk for 1 minute. Combine the creme brulee filling with the key lime filling and chill in the refrigerator until needed.nTo make the crust, roll out a sheet of puff pastry very thin, 20 by 10inches. Cut 6 4inch diameter circles out of the puff pastry to line 6 3inch tart pans. Let the dough rest for 30 minutes in the refrigerator. Line the pastry rings with the pastry dough and trim the excess dough flush to the edge of the ring. Place a piece of parchment paper on each tart shell and fill with beans and bake until golden, about 10 minutes. The shells should be very thin and even.nTo assemble, fill the shells with the key lime filling and level the tops with a spatula. Dust the tops of the desserts with sugar and using a torch caramelize the tops. Place the desserts on a plate and serve with fruit puree, if desired., ingredients: [3 egg yolks, plus 3 egg yolks, 1 12 ounces sugar, 10 ounces heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split, 2 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 3 ounces key lime juice, Puff pastry, store bought, Fruit puree, as a garnish, optional], title: Key Lime Creme Brulee, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 1621: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Dice the smoked mozzarella into 12inch cubes. Set aside. In a food processor, pulse the shallots, sundried tomatoes, basil, shredded mozzarella, parmesan, tomato paste, red pepper flakes, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper until blended. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl. Add the beef and pork and, using a wooden spoon or clean hands, stir until combined. Form into 1 14to1 12inch meatballs. Insert 1 cube smoked mozzarella into the center of each meatball and form the meat around it, enclosing the cheese. In a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour equal parts olive oil and vegetable oil to fill the pan halfway. Heat over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer reaches 350 degrees F. In batches, fry the meatballs until dark brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove and drain on a paper towellined plate. Place the fried meatballs on a foillined baking sheet. Put in the oven and bake until cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool slightly, then serve immediately with marinara sauce, if desired.nPhotograph by Joseph DeLeo, ingredients: [8 ounces smoked mozzarella cheese, 2 large shallots, chopped, 14 cup 5 to 6 sundried tomatoes in oil, drained, 13 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 13 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 34 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds ground beef chuck 80 lean, 1 pound ground pork, Olive oil, for frying, Vegetable oil, for frying, Marinara sauce, warmed, for serving optional], title: Meatballs a la Pizzaiola, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 1622: {instructions: Soak the lentils in cold water for 2 hours. Drain the lentils, and put them in a pot with the carrot, onion, bay leaf, thyme sprig, and stock. Cover the pot and simmer until very tender, about 45 minutes.nDiscard the herbs, and let the lentils cool somewhat, then puree in a blender along with the vegetables, working in 2 batches to avoid an explosive mess.nCooks Note: Remember that if you put something too hot into a blender you may crack it.nFor a very smooth soup, strain it, although its not necessary. Add salt and pepper, to taste, along with a squeeze of lemon if you like. Gently reheat the soup.nHeat the olive oil in a small frying pan, and saute the chorizo slices until they curl, about 30 seconds. Turn and fry another 15 seconds. Serve the soup with the chorizo rounds on top and with some of the now brightorange cooking oil spooned around., ingredients: [1 cup du Puy lentils French green lentils, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 onion, sliced, 1 bay leaf, 1 fresh thyme sprig, 4 cups chicken stock or water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lemon juice, for squirting if you like, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small chorizo sausage, thinly sliced], title: Cream of Lentil Soup with Chorizo Croutes, picturelink: null}, 1623: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, the hot and sweet peppers, garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste. Saute the onion mixture until crisptender, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, cook 2 minutes. Add the beer or stock and stir for 1 to 2 minutes more. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter, garnish with cilantro and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 jalapenos, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup beer or chicken stock, Handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, for garnish], title: TexMex Peperonata, picturelink: null}, 1624: {instructions: Open can of tomatoes and chicken broth and set aside. These ingredients have to be added quickly, so have them ready.nHeat lard or shortening in a saucepan on mediumhigh. Add rice, stirring constantly. When rice is brown, immediately add the onion and garlic and stir so it is evenly mixed. Quickly add the 2 tomatoes squish them with your hand. Add 14 cup of liquid from the can of tomatoes and 34 of the entire amount of chicken broth. Bring to a full boil, cover and reduce heat to mediumlow. Let simmer until rice is tender and most of broth has evaporated, about 20 to 30 minutes. The remaining broth can be added if rice is still a little hard Remove rice from heat and leave covered until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon lard or solid vegetable shortening, 1 12 cups long grain rice, 14 large onion, finely chopped, 2 or 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 whole tomatoes from a 15ounce can, 14 cup liquid from canned tomatoes, One 40ounce can chicken broth 30 ounces used total], title: Arroz: Spanish Rice, picturelink: Idr1nJ6xxsCyWlADN6.GTyZ8NTifW.O}, 1625: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Slice the potatoes into large matchsticks and lightly spray them with canola oil. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange potato slices on a wire rack and place rack on a halfsheet pan. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. When fries are almost finished baking, make cheese sauce. Serve fries with cheese sauce for dipping.nDice cheese into equalsize cubes. Pour salsa into a microwavesafe bowl and add diced cubes. Microwave, covered, on high power for 2 minutes. Remove and stir. Microwave an additional minute if cheese is not fully melted., ingredients: [2 medium Idaho potatoes, Canola oil spray, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, Nacho Cheese Sauce, recipe follows, 4 ounces reducedfat pasteurized cheese recommended: Velveeta Light, diced, 2 ounces jarred salsa], title: Air Fries with Nacho Cheese, picturelink: CP13hD2CtqRMETYKALpm9Z0i6nuMbYm}, 1626: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large saucepan, over medium heat. Add the onions, corn and crawfish and saute for about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the cream, broth and crabmeat and bring to a high simmer, but do not boil. Cook for about 10 minutes to meld flavors, then reduce the heat to low. Add the potatoes, green onions, cream cheese and cayenne pepper. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo finish, stir in the 2 egg yolks, lime juice, chopped parsley and grated cheese. Ladle into serving bowls and serve. Great dish., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 1 cup white onions, diced, 1 cup fresh or frozen corn kernels, 12 pound fresh cleaned and shelled crawfish, or use frozen, 3 cups heavy cream, 2 cups seafood broth, 12 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 1 cup diced, cooked potatoes, 6 green onions, chopped, 12 cup cream cheese, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 egg yolks, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons grated pecorino cheese], title: Crawfish and Crab Soup, picturelink: null}, 1627: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a large rimmed baking sheet with parchment. Sift the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl and set aside.nCream the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar in a second medium bowl using a hand mixer on high speed, about 3 minutes. Add one egg at a time, making sure to mix well before each addition. Add the vanilla and almond meal and mix.nAdd the flour mixture to the egg mixture and beat until combined. The dough will be thick and sticky. Fold in the chocolate chips and pecans.nTransfer the dough to a lightlyfloured surface divide in half. Using floured hands, shape each piece of dough into a log about 10inches long. Brush off excess flour transfer the logs to the prepared baking sheet, spaced 5 inches apart. Flatten each log into a 2inchwide strip. Bake until browned and set, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack let cool for 10 minutes.nReduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nTransfer the biscotti to a work surface. Using a serrated knife, cut each strip diagonally into 13inchthick slices. Arrange the slices cutside down on baking sheets. Bake the biscotti, rotating the baking sheets halfway through, until crisp, about 30 minutes. Transfer the baking sheets to racks and let cool completely.nBiscookies can be made 3 days ahead. Store in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [1 14 cups whole wheat pastry flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup almond meal, 14 cup mini chocolate chips or chopped regularsize chocolate chips, 14 cup pecans, finely chopped], title: Chocolate Chip Biscookie, picturelink: v4zdXxyeEV.cShXRk4Euh61TF9Kg16}, 1628: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSift together the flour and baking soda and set aside. In a mixer with a whip attachment cream the butter until light and fluffy then add the sugars and continue mixing to cream them together. Add the eggs gradually and let them thoroughly mix in. Then add the melted unsweetened chocolate and mix in well. Add the vanilla and 13 of the buttermilk and mix, then add 12 of the dry ingredients and mix in well. Repeat alternating wet and dry ending with wet.nPlace unwaxed paper cups on a sheet pan and fill them 34 full. Bake until firm to the touch on the top of the cupcakes, 20 minutes.nMake the frosting: Off the heat, combine the egg whites, cold water, sugar, and cream of tartar in the top of a double boiler. Whisk until smooth. Place over boiling water and whisk constantly or beat with a hand mixer until the frosting is stiff and holds peaks this will take about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the vanilla. Let cool, whisking often.nLet cakes cool in the pan, and then frost while still in the cups., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup unsalted butter, slightly softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 4 eggs, 6 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, 24 paper cups recommended: Dixie, 2 egg whites, 6 tablespoons cold water, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Paper Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 1629: {instructions: Special equipment: Fluted candy cup moldsnTo temper the chocolate: Chop the chocolate in to small pieces and place in a bowl over barely simmering water to melt. Bring the chocolate up to 113 degrees F. Turn off the heat, remove the bowl from the simmering water, and let cool, stirring until it reaches 82 to 86 degrees F. It will begin to set a little around the edges at this point. Return the bowl to the hot now turned off water for a few seconds at a time, until it reaches 88 to 91 degrees F. Do not let it go over 91 degrees or it will go out of temper.nPour melted milk chocolate in a candy mold with individual fluted cups to coat the insides. Pour the excess chocolate back into the bowl and let set or chill to set.nMeanwhile, mix the peanut butter with the confectionersu00bf sugar. Using a small spoon or pastry bag with a large plain tip fill each chocolate cup with the peanut butter filling leaving room for a chocolate seal and chill slightly.nUsing a paper cone or pastry bag filled with melted milk chocolate, fill in the surface of the cups to enclose the filling with chocolate. Let set, then turn out of the mold., ingredients: [1 pound milk chocolate, tempered or coating milk chocolate, 1 cup peanut butter, creamy or chunky, 14 cup confectioners sugar], title: Peanut Butter Cups, picturelink: null}, 1630: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir yeast into water to soften. Add sugar, butter, salt, eggs, sesame seeds, 2 cups flour and 2 cups cheese. Beat vigorously for two minutes.nGradually add flour, 14 cup at a time, until the dough begins to pull away from the side of the bowl.nTurn dough out onto a floured work surface. Knead, adding flour a little at a time, until you have a smooth, elastic dough.nPut dough into an oiled bowl. Turn to coat the entire ball of dough with oil. Cover with a tightly woven towel and let rise until doubled, about one hour.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface. With the heel of your hand, flatten the dough to a 15inch square. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Roll up, then knead a few times to marble the cheese throughout the dough. Cover with a tightly woven towel and let rest for 5 minutes.nDivide dough in half. Shape each half into a loaf and place into wellgreased loaf pans. Cover with a tightly woven towel and let rise until almost doubled, about 45 minutes.nAbout 10 minutes before baking, preheat oven to 375 degrees.nBake for 25 minutes, or until the internal temperature of the loaves reaches 190 degrees.nImmediately, remove bread from pans and cool on a rack., ingredients: [scant tablespoons or 2 14ounce packages active dry yeast, 2 cups warm water about 110 degrees, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons soft butter, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 eggs, slightly beaten, 12 cup sesame seeds, toasted, 5 12 to 6 12 cups unbleached flour, 3 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, divided], title: Sesame Cheddar Bread, picturelink: null}, 1631: {instructions: In a food processor coarsely grind the sunflower seeds with the unbleached flour, the wheat germ, the rye flour, and the caraway seeds, with the motor running add the oil and 6 tablespoons water, and blend the mixture until it just forms a ball of dough. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured surface and roll it out into a 18inchthick square. Cut the dough into 1 12inch squares with a knife, transfer the squares to an ungreased baking sheet, and prick each square several times with a fork. Sprinkle the squares with the salt and bake them in the middle of a preheated 400 degree F oven for 10 to 12 minutes, or until they are golden. Transfer the crackers to racks and let them cool., ingredients: [13 cup shelled sunflower seeds, toasted lightly and cooled, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 13 cup wheat germ, 12 cup rye flour available at natural food stores and some supermarkets, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt to taste], title: RyeSunflower Crackers, picturelink: null}, 1632: {instructions: In a blender, blend the cantaloupe, watermelon, papaya, carrot juice, orange juice, beet juice, apples and prickly pears if using with ice. Serve icy cold., ingredients: [12 cup125 ml cubed cantaloupe, 12 cup125 ml cubed watermelon, 14 cup60 ml cubed papaya, 12 cup125 ml carrot juice, 14 cup60 ml orange juice, 3 tablespoons45 ml beet juice, 1 apple, peeled and chopped, 1 prickly pear, peeled and chopped, optional, Ice], title: Charlies TuttiFrutti, picturelink: null}, 1633: {instructions: Heat the corn oil in a heavy pan over high heat and saute the diced poblano chile, red bell pepper, red onion, and garlic until just tender. Add the corn kernels and saute quickly. Add the macaroni, poblano puree, cream, and cheese. Stir until all the ingredients are thoroughly mixed. Season to taste and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon corn oil, 14 cup diced poblano chile, 14 cup diced red bell pepper, 14 cup diced red onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 cup sweet corn kernels, 2 cups cooked elbow macaroni, al dente, 12 cup roasted, peeled and pureed poblano chile, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 cup grated hot pepper Jack cheese, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, to taste], title: Green Chile Macaroni, picturelink: null}, 1634: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpray a baking sheet with nonstick spray. Place eggplant slices on the baking sheet and cook until slightly soft, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, combine crushed tomatoes, garlic, and Italian seasoning. Mix well and set aside.nCarefully remove the sheet from oven. Evenly spread the tomato mixture over the eggplant slices. Sprinkle with mozzarella cheese and evenly top with mushrooms, pepper, and onion.nBake in the oven until the cheese has melted and the toppings are hot, about 10 additional minutes.nSprinkle with the Parmstyle topping and enjoy, ingredients: [2 12inch thick eggplant slices cut lengthwise from a long eggplant, patted dry, 14 cup canned crushed tomatoes, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, Dash Italian seasoning, 2 tablespoons shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 14 cup sliced mushrooms, 2 tablespoons chopped bell pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped onion, 2 teaspoons reducedfat Parmesanstyle grated topping], title: Bonus Recipe: EggplantBottomed Pizza, picturelink: iQvb.Hxsydx5WiF0OJleyeo4AkA4RO2}, 1635: {instructions: Cook the chicken slowly in 4 quarts of water or to cover for 1 hour. Add the vegetables and cook for another 1 hour, then add the lovage and lemon and continue to cook slowly until the chicken is very tender and falls away from the bones. The broth should never boil.nStrain the stock. Discard the vegetables, herbs and lemon. At this point the stewing chicken has lost its nutrients and taste, discard it.nReturn the stock to the pot and add the saffron. Cut the kernels from the ears of corn. It is important to get the most milk from the corn, so cut the corn with a sharp knife not too close to the cob and go back over the cob with the flat of the knife to release the milk. Add the corn to the broth and saffron. Add the celery. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Add parsley and simmer until the celery is tender.nBreak 6 of the cobs in half and cover with water. Add 2 whole chicken breasts and simmer with the cobs until the meat is tender, about 30 minutes. Remove the breast and strain the cob water into the soup. Remove the skin and bone from the chicken breasts. Cut into bite sized pieces and add to the soup. Correct the seasoning if necessary. Add the rivels to the simmering soup and cook until they are tender.nSift the flour into a bowl with the salt. Make a well in the center. Whisk the eggs until light colored and add the water. Pour this into the well and stir to form a stiff dough. Break off piece of dough and dip into flour. Shape in hand into tiny strings of dough. Spread the crumbs on a cookie sheet or clean cloth to dry., ingredients: [1 5 pound stewing chicken,, 1 large onion studded with 2 whole cloves, 1 large carrot, 2 outside green celery stalks, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh lovage leaves, 12 lemon in large pieces, 12 teaspoon ground saffron, 12 ears of fresh corn, 34 cup fresh celery and leaves, chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 12 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced, 2 large whole chicken breasts, Rivels, 34 cup unbleached flour, Pinch salt, or to taste, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon water mineral or plain seltzer], title: Chicken Corn Soup, picturelink: 9iuPwyDRjYZ1XEusdfLYv5iMeH5UDZm}, 1636: {instructions: Put the milk, ice cream, mint extract and rum into a blender. Blend on high until smooth, about 15 seconds. Pour into 2 chilled glasses and garnish with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 1 pint green mint chocolate chip ice cream, 1 teaspoon pure mint extract, 3 tablespoons dark rum, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Irish Pirate, picturelink: fi3X5COMWbn64HvGzBmaYxvcpKQtYFa}, 1637: {instructions: Bring water to a boil. Steep tea according to package directions. Let cool to room temperature. Pour tea into a pitcher filled with ice. Add flavored syrup and stir., ingredients: [5 tea bags, 2 quarts water, 12cup black currant syrup, ice, desired amount], title: Black Currant Ice Tea, picturelink: null}, 1638: {instructions: To prepare the dark chocolate cream, heat 1inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. Place the 8 ounces semisweet chocolate broken into pieces in the top half of the double boiler. Tightly cover the top with film wrap and allow to heat for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir until smooth. Transfer the melted chocolate to a stainless steel bowl and set aside until needed. Place 2 12 cups heavy cream and 2 tablespoons sugar in the wellchilled bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a wellchilled balloon whip. Whisk on high until stiff peaks form, about 1 12 minutes. Remove the bowl from the mixer. Use a hand whisk to combine 14 of the whipped cream into the melted chocolate until smooth and completely incorporated. Add the combined whipped cream and chocolate to the remaining whipped cream and use a rubber spatula to fold together.nTransfer the dark chocolate cream to a stainless steel bowl. Tightly cover the top with film wrap and refrigerate until needed. To prepare the cocoa cream, place 2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, the cocoa and 12 teaspoon vanilla extract in the wellchilled bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a wellchilled balloon whip. Mix on medium until stiff peaks form, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the cocoa cream to a stainless steel bowl. Tightly cover the top with film wrap and refrigerate until needed. To prepare the speckled chocolate cream, place the remaining 2 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar and 12 teaspoon vanilla extract in the wellchilled bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a wellchilled balloon whip. Mix on high until stiff peaks form, about 1 14 minutes. Remove the bowl from the mixer and use a rubber spatula to fold in the 4 ounces grated chocolate. Transfer the cream to a stainless steel bowl and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before assembling the parfaits.nTo assemble the parfaits, fill a pastry bag without a tip with the dark chocolate cream. Pipe an even layer of about 12 cup of the cream into each of the brandy snifters. Then fill a clean pastry bag with the cocoa cream and pipe an even layer of it onto the layer of dark chocolate cream. For the final layer of cream, fill a clean pastry bag with the speckled chocolate cream and pipe an even layer of the cream onto the cocoa cream. Refrigerate the parfaits until just a few minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 ounces semisweet chocolate 8 ounces broken into 12ounce pieces and 4 ounces finely grated, 6 12 cups heavy cream, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Trinity Parfaits, picturelink: null}, 1639: {instructions: Toast the bread, and then spread 2 of the slices of bread with the peanut butter and jelly. Sprinkle the chipotle powder over the jelly, then top with the pecans, strawberries and bananas. Top with the bacon and then finish with the 2 remaining slices of bread. Cut in half and serve., ingredients: [4 slices goodquality white sandwich bread, 2 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 2 tablespoons strawberry jelly, Pinch chipotle powder, 2 tablespoons chopped toasted pecans, 3 fresh strawberries, sliced, 12 banana, sliced, 4 strips bacon, cooked until crispy], title: Toasty BaconBerry PB and J, picturelink: sXPBRkfRreUa.oCTWh4luxyyOfASKa}, 1640: {instructions: Place a large stockpot over medium heat. Add the margarine and stir until melted. Add the onion, carrot, celery and garlic and cook for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Sprinkle the flour over the vegetables and continue cooking and stirring until the flour browns slightly, about 2 minutes.nAdd the stock, tomatoes with their juices, parsley, thyme and bay leaf. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. Then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer for 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Stir in the Cashew Cream and continue to simmer for 10 minutes, taking care not to let the soup boil. Remove and discard the bay leaf.nWorking in batches, pour the soup into a blender or food processor and blend on high for several minutes, until very smooth. Ladle into bowls and serve.nPut the cashews in a bowl and add cold water to cover them. Cover with a lid or plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, drain the cashews and rinse under cold water. Put them in a blender with enough fresh cold water just to cover them. Blend on high for several minutes until smooth. Strain the cream through a finemesh sieve to remove any remaining bits of cashew. Store refrigerated for 2 weeks or in the freezer for up to 3 months., ingredients: [14 cup 12 stick vegan margarine, such as Earth Balance Buttery Spread, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 medium carrot, peeled and chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 5 cups vegetable stock, One 28ounce can whole fireroasted tomatoes, with their juices, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon picked fresh thyme leaves, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups Cashew Cream, recipe follows, 2 cups whole raw cashews], title: Tomato Bisque with Cashew Cream, picturelink: V.l.7JDpdKsGbjiy7dqgAJykuIbJSG2}, 1641: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F200 degrees C. Score the duck breast and render the fat in a saute pan. Pour off the fat, and transfer to the oven to finish, about 10 minutes. Remove the duck, and set aside to rest while you make the sauce.nDeglaze the saute pan with the wine and cognac and reduce by half. Add the veal stock and peppercorns and reduce by half again. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter.nCarve the duck breast. Spoon over the sauce and serve., ingredients: [1 duck breast, 2 tablespoons red wine, 1 tablespoon cognac, 12 cup veal stock, 2 teaspoons green peppercorns in brine, drained, 2 teaspoons butter], title: Duck Breasts with Green Peppercorn Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1642: {instructions: Place the lard in a medium pot over medium heat. Once all of the lard is melted, add the pork cushion meat, salt, garlic and bay leaves. Cut the orange, squeeze it and add to the pot. Cook until the pork shreds easily, about 2 hours.nServe with the Naga Serpent Salsa in tortillas, and enjoy with a cold Mexican beer.nRoughly chop the chiles and tomatillos and add to a saucepan over low heat. Cook for about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and onion and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Place all the ingredients into a blender and blend for 2 minutes. Season with salt., ingredients: [5 pounds lard, 5 pounds pork cushion meat from the picnic end, 4 teaspoons salt, 4 cloves garlic, 3 bay leaves, 1 medium orange, Naga Serpent Salsa, for serving, recipe follows, Tortillas, for serving, 1 cup naga chiles, 1 cup serrano chiles, 1 cup fresh tomatillos, 5 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 1 medium onion, roughly chopped, Salt], title: Famous Old Town Carnitas with Naga Serpent Salsa, picturelink: NHbXFzQDzCxCUhtpmgipjw9ohew5Pe}, 1643: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together the gin, Acacia Honey Syrup, lime juice, velvet falernum, grapefruit juice and nutmeg in a punch bowl.nFill a teapot with ice and then add some of the punch stir in the teapot for 15 seconds. Pour into teacups and serve with rock candy sticks. Repeat with the remaining punch.nCombine the honey and 2 cups water in a small saucepan and bring just to a simmer, stirring, until the honey dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Refrigerate, covered, up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [25 ounces gin, such as Plymouth, 20 ounces Acacia Honey Syrup, recipe follows, 15 ounces freshly squeezed lime juice, 10 ounces velvet falernum, 10 ounces freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Rock candy sticks, for garnish, 2 cups acacia honey], title: Easter Punch, picturelink: OMtndTwFkMsxKaGA.5PhPndkBnI9Kl6}, 1644: {instructions: Season the monkfish with 12 teaspoon celery salt, 14 teaspoon kosher salt and a few grinds of pepper. Melt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the monkfish and cook until golden brown and cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes per side. Transfer the monkfish to a cutting board and cut into 1inch pieces. Let cool.nMeanwhile, whisk the mayonnaise, the remaining 1 teaspoon celery salt, the lemon zest and juice, celery leaves and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nToast the rolls and line the insides with lettuce. Add the monkfish, chopped celery and chives to the bowl with the mayonnaise mixture gently toss. Divide the monkfish salad among the rolls. Serve with pickles and the potato chips.nMost monkfish fillets are sold skinless with the membrane removed. If your fillets have a membrane, remove before seasoning.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 pounds monkfish fillets, 1 12 teaspoons celery salt, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup mayonnaise, Grated zest and juice of 12 lemon, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, plus 14 cup chopped celery leaves, 4 splittop hot dog rolls, Bibb lettuce leaves, for serving, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Dill pickle spears, for serving, 4 cups barbecue potato chips], title: Monkfish Lobster Rolls, picturelink: aB4TTFsFckfylaAVq8hWQAeisyvnM.}, 1645: {instructions: Put the salt pork on a plate and wrap in plastic. Cook in microwave for 2 12 minutes. Meanwhile, make roux with the same amounts of butter and flour. Add 34 pound of flour to 34 pound of the butter and stir. Make the roux pourable but not too loose or too thick. Begin to cook on low flame or in an oven until the roux is nice and hot. In a heavy bottomed pot, put the remaining 14 pound butter and the salt pork. After the salt pork gets lightly browned, take the chunks out. Add the onion, celery and herbs, let it saute for about 5 minutes. Add water and potatoes and bring it to a boil. Then add the clam base, keep stirring so the base and potatoes dont stick or burn to the bottom of the pan. Add the clams and their juice. When the potatoes become slightly tender bring everything back to a boil and start adding the hot roux. Turn the flame down a little and let simmer for approximately 5 minutes. Slowly add the light cream to the base until you get the right creamy chowder, not too thick or thin. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 ounces salt pork, cut in chunks, 34 pound allpurpose flour, 34 pound sweet butter, plus 14 pound, 4 cups chopped onion, 1 12 cups chopped celery, 1 pinch dry thyme, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 1 bay leaf, 1 quart water, 3 chef potatoes, peeled and diced, 6 ounces clam base recommended: Minors, 1 quart fresh chopped clams and their juice, 1 quart light cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper], title: Captain Parkers Chowder, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 1646: {instructions: Combine 12 cups water, the brown sugar and cinnamon sticks in a large pot and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Stir in the pumpkin and return to a simmer. Meanwhile, remove the zest from the limes in wide strips using a vegetable peeler add the zest to the pot and simmer 15 minutes. Let cool, then refrigerate until the liquid is cold and the pumpkin pulp settles to the bottom, 2 to 3 hours.nWorking in batches, ladle the liquid into a finemesh strainer set over a pitcher repeat if necessary to strain out all the pumpkin pulp. Discard the pulp and lime zest. Return the cinnamon sticks to the punch and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPour the punch into icefilled glasses. Add rum, pineapple andor pecans, if desired. Serve with the cinnamon sticks.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [2 cups packed dark brown sugar, 4 cinnamon sticks, preferably Mexican, 1 29ounce can pure pumpkin about 3 12 cups, 2 limes, Splash of rum optional, Pineapple chunks andor pecans, for serving optional], title: Mexican Pumpkin Punch, picturelink: jUbdZUI1Tl0rcAsLA5Zy2h5lD6tkdlS}, 1647: {instructions: Cut iceberg lettuce head in 12 then in 12 again. Slice into 12inch wide pieces and put in salad bowl. Cut off bottom core of romaine and slice the romaine widthwise in 12inch strips. Place in salad bowl. Toss with remaining vegetables. Add croutons and cheese, toss again. When salad is well mixed, pour dressing over and toss again. Serve with toasted garlic French bread.nButter the bread on both sides. Sprinkle with garlic powder on both sides. Cut buttered bread into 1inch squares. In a skillet over medium heat, heat 12 the oil until hot, but not smoking. Add 12 of the bread and brown on one side. Turn over and brown on the other side. Transfer to cookie sheet and cool. Repeat with remaining bread squares., ingredients: [1 head iceberg lettuce, cored and washed, 1 head romaine lettuce, washed, 12 cherry tomatoes, cut in 12, 12 radishes, sliced, 1 cucumber, peeled and sliced, Any other raw vegetables that the family likes, 2 cups homemade croutons, recipe follows, 12 cup grated Cheddar, 1 cup of your favorite salad dressing, such as Ranch, 1000 Island or Italian, 6 slices stale bread, crusts removed, 1 stick butter, softened, Garlic powder, 12 cup vegetable oil], title: Ashleys Scrumptious Salad Supper, picturelink: null}, 1648: {instructions: Pour two 14ounce cans sweetened condensed milk into a 9by13inch baking dish. Cover with foil and set in a roasting pan add enough hot water to come halfway up the sides of the dish. Bake at 425 degrees F until thick and dark amber, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Transfer to a food processor and puree until smooth. Refrigerate until thickened, 1 hour. Makes about 2 cups.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Homemade Dulce de Leche, picturelink: Mum4U2JKCGYKnrlffynb8rbJIkDK04K}, 1649: {instructions: Place the cilantro, salt, pepper, tomatoes, garlic, jalapenos, onions, lime juice and lemon zest in a bowl and mix to combine., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 6 plum tomatoes, diced about 1 12 pounds, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 jalapeno, diced, 12 sweet Vidalia onion, diced, Juice of 1 lime, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Pico De Gallo, picturelink: null}, 1650: {instructions: Heat the peanut oil in a heavy 3 quart saucepan or Dutch oven. Add leek and jalapeno saute 2 minutes until fragrant. Add parsnips and celery root continue cooking for an additional 6 minutes. Add chicken stock, bring to a boil then lower heat. Simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in potato, celery salt and white pepper. Transfer to a blender, add cream and in 2 batches, process until mixture is smooth. Return to saucepan and keep warm. Squeeze in lemon juice, to taste. Adjust seasoning, as necessary.nIn a small bowl, toss pumpkin seeds with nut oil. Toast in a fry pan until light golden brown 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle with salt.nLadle soup into 4 bowls and sprinkle with pumpkin seeds and lemon zest., ingredients: [3 tablespoons peanut oil, plus 12 teaspoon peanut oil or other nut oil, for pumpkin seeds, 1 leek white and light green section, halved lengthwise, washed and thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 6 parsnips about 1 12 pounds peeled and thinly sliced, 6 ounces celery root celeriac peeled and diced, 4 cups chicken stock or broth, 1 large cooked russet potato, peeled and cubed leftover baked potato can be used, 12 teaspoon celery salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 cup whipping cream, Lemon juice, to taste, 12 cup pumpkin seeds pepitas, Sprinkling fine sea salt, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest], title: Cream of Parsnip Soup with Toasted Pumpkin Seeds, picturelink: null}, 1651: {instructions: Special equipment: an 18inch piping bag fitted with a round tipnFor the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin pans with cupcake liners and set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, beat the butter on medium speed until light in color and fluffy. Add the sugar and continue beating until uniformly incorporated into the butter stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl.nRestart the mixer on low speed and add the eggs one at a time, waiting until each egg is fully incorporated before adding the next. Once all the eggs have been added, stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl to insure that all the ingredients are incorporated.nAdd the vanilla bean paste and orange zest and blend uniformly. Add the glutenfree baking mix in three additions, alternating with the milk in two additions, fully incorporating each addition before moving to the next. If needed, stop the mixer after each addition, scrape down the sides of the bowl and resume mixing on low.nFill the cupcake liners twothirds full with the batter and bake until the top of each cupcake is slightly springy to the touch and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 14 to 16 minutes. Immediately turn the cupcakes out of the pans onto a cooling rack and let cool completely.nFor the orange mousse filling: In a saucepot, gently heat 12 cup of the orange juice concentrate and the sugar, stirring just until the sugar is dissolved. Refrigerate until chilled.nIn a small bowl, mix 2 tablespoons water with the remaining 1 tablespoon orange juice concentrate sprinkle the gelatin over the liquid and let the gelatin bloom and hydrate.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, whip the cream on high speed to mediumfirm peaks.nMelt the bloomed gelatin in the microwave just until melted and clear, 15 to 20 seconds do not overheat as this will kill the gelatin Stir the gelatin into the chilled orange juice mixture until combined, and then pour the orange juice mixture into the whipped cream. Mix completely and refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the strawberry passion fruit Italian meringue buttercream: Put the sugar and 13 cup water in a heavy saucepan and heat over high heat until the sugar mixture registers 250 degrees F on a candy thermometer, 15 to 20 minutes.nWhile the sugar is cooking, whip the egg whites on medium speed in the bowl of a stand mixer to the softpeak stage the whites will look foamy and white, being careful not to overwhip. If the whites start to look clumpy, theyve been overwhipped. If this happens, toss them out and start again. If the whites are beating faster than the sugar is cooking, turn down the mixer speed. You can always turn up the speed if you need to. Add the cream of tartar and continue whipping.nWhile the egg whites are whipping on medium speed, gently pour the sugar syrup down the side of the mixing bowl. Turn the speed up to high and whip until the mixing bowl no longer feels warm to the touch, about 7 minutes. Turn the mixer speed back to medium, add the butter in small chunks and mix until completely incorporated. Stop the mixer, scrape down the sides of the bowl and add the strawberry and passion fruit purees. Turn the mixer back to mediumlow speed and mix until the purees have been incorporated.nFit an 18inch piping bag with a round tip and twist and hold the bag right by the tip to prevent the buttercream from leaking out. Fold the top of the piping bag over your hand and spoon the buttercream into the bag.nTo assemble: Use an apple corer or knife to core out the center of each cupcake. Fill each cupcake with some of the orange mousse filling, and frost the top of each with some of the strawberry passion fruit Italian meringue buttercream., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks salted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons vanilla bean paste, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 2 23 cups glutenfree allpurpose baking mix, 1 12 cups whole milk, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons powdered gelatin, 34 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 pound sugar, 8 ounces egg whites, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 ounces 3 sticks salted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup strawberry puree, 14 cup passion fruit puree], title: Malibu Barbies California Sunset Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 1652: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Preheat a sheet pan in oven. Generously coat eggplant with olive oil and season with salt and fresh black pepper. Carefully place eggplant on preheated sheet pan flesh down. Bake in oven 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until flesh has fully cooked. Allow the eggplant to cool. Using a soup spoon, gently scrape the flesh from the skin including any charred or browned portion. Reserve the flesh and discard the skin. Place the eggplant and sour cream in a food processor and pulse until eggplant is slightly smooth a chunky puree. Empty mixture into a bowl and mix in the red onion, garlic, basil, and red wine vinegar. Season with salt and fresh black pepper., ingredients: [3 eggplant, halved lengthwise, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped basil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar], title: Melanzana Eggplant Puree, picturelink: null}, 1653: {instructions: Clean calamari and slice in rings, then set aside.nWash luau leaves, remove stems and thick veins. In a pot, boil cups water with the Hawaiian salt and baking soda. Add the leaves to the boiling water and reduce heat. Simmer, partially covered for 1 hour. Drain and squeeze out liquid.nSaute onions and calamari in butter until onions are translucent. Add coconut milk, cooked luau leaves, taro, sweet potato, salt, and sugar. Simmer for 30 minutes.nTop with Crispy Moi.nClean and score fish. Dust fish with cornstarch and set aside. Heat oil for shallow frying in a wok or large skillet. Fry fish about 6 to 8 minutes, turning once, until crisp and golden brown. Drain on absorbent paper. Transfer to a warm serving platter., ingredients: [2 pounds calamari or octopus, 3 pounds Luau leaves, 1 tablespoon Hawaiian salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 6 tablespoons butter, 2 medium onions, diced, 3 cups coconut milk, 34 cup cooked and diced taro, 34 cup cooked and diced sweet potato, 112 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, Crispy Moi, recipe follows, 4 34 to 1 pound farmraised moi, Cornstarch, Vegetable oil, for shallow frying], title: Sams Moi Luau, picturelink: null}, 1654: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring frequently, until crisp, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain.nCook the hot dogs in the same skillet in 2 batches over mediumhigh heat, stirring frequently, until curled and golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain. Preheat the oven broiler.nCook the peppers and onions in the same skillet, stirring frequently, until soft, 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds.nStir in the barbecue sauce, chicken broth, brown sugar, mustard and hot pepper sauce. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat to medium. Cook, stirring frequently, until the sauce begins to thicken, about 1 minute. Add the hot dogs and continue to cook, stirring, until coated, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat.nToast the hoagie rolls in the broiler if desired. Arrange the provolone slices in the rolls and broil 30 seconds to melt. Top with the hot dog mixture and sprinkle with bacon., ingredients: [6 strips bacon, chopped, One 14ounce package footlong hotdogs 8 hotdogs, each cut into 6 strips lengthwise, 3 medium red andor yellow bell peppers, cut into 14inchwide slices about 3 cups, 1 large red onion, halved and cut into 14inchwide slices about 3 cups, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 14 cup chicken broth, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce, 6 hoagie rolls, split, 12 slices provolone about 6 ounces], title: Wormy Weenie Sandwiches, picturelink: FL0O8f2kYJsGDKAor.HhNwis8XyNbHW}, 1655: {instructions: Prepare the vinaigrette, just before use. Place the lime in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave until the essential oils in the skin are released. Since the lime will be hot coming from the microwave, you will need to set it aside briefly, until it cools just enough to handle. Pour vinegar into a blender, turn it on, and then squeeze in lime juice from the microwaved lime. Leaving the blender running, add 1 at a time through the feed opening: mint, mustard, garlic chives, honey, salt, and ground pepper, and blend until smooth. While keeping the blender running, add oil through the feed opening in a slow stream.nHeat grill. Brush fennel and mushrooms with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Grill until they begin to soften, and then allow cooling.nBring a pot of water to boiling. Have a bowl of ice water standing by. Add salt and blanch green beans for 2 to 3 minutes, then stop the cooking by plunging into the ice water.nSeparate the lettuce into bite size pieces and add to a mixing bowl with oranges, cucumbers, and mint. Slice the fennel and mushrooms and add to the bowl. Add dressing and toss to coat., ingredients: [1 lime, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 to 3 sprigs mint, stripped from stems, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic chives, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 34 cup olive oil, 1 large head fennel, separated, dried tips removed, 1 cup large white mushrooms about 4 ounces, cleaned, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, Pepper, 1 pound green beans, stem ends removed and cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 heads romaine lettuce, soaked to remove grit, spines removed and dried in a salad spinner, 2 large oranges, peeled, cut into bite size pieces, 2 cucumbers, peeled, cut into quarters lengthwise, seeds removed and cut into 14inch slices, 6 sprigs mint, stripped from stems, chiffonnade], title: Salad of The Greens with Fennel, Mint and Orange, picturelink: 369s1PVZqdawXmhGbH.H7UveQWFdm}, 1656: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large wok or skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the steak, season with salt and pepper, and stirfry until the meat is browned on all sides, about 8 to 10 minutes.nUsing tongs, transfer the steak to a plate and set aside. To the drippings in the pan, add the onion, tomato, and garlic season with salt, and pepper. Cook and stir it until the onions are soft and the tomatoes start to break down, about 2 to 4 minutes. Return the beef to the pan, add the soy sauce and red wine vinegar. Cook for 1 minute, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 to 1 12 pounds flank steak, sliced into 1 12inch wide strips, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large red onion, quartered and thinly sliced, 1 large tomato, coarsely chopped, 1 garlic clove, finely minced, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar], title: Peruvian Beef Saltado, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 1657: {instructions: Cut 10 of the cookie sandwiches in half and arrange in the bottom of the pie crust.nWhip the cream and sugar together in a medium bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until it holds stiff peaks. Pour the cream into the pie crust and smooth out into an even layer with decorate swirls on top the back of a spoon works nicely. Crumble the remaining 5 cookies and sprinkle over the top. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight, to soften the cookies., ingredients: [One 9inch prepared chocolate cookie crust, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 15 chocolateandcream sandwich cookies], title: 4Ingredient Cookies and Cream Pie, picturelink: qAGalhosxPIq645mGvIzEqOB5ehKKe}, 1658: {instructions: Place the shredded cabbage in a large, heatproof mixing bowl. In a medium saucepan, combine the vinegar, sugar, pickling spice, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 12 cups water. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar and salt, then pour the mixture over the cabbage. Set a plate on top of the cabbage to weight it down. Refrigerate and leave to pickle for 4 hours.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to high. Quarter the apples and cut out the cores. Toss the apples in a bowl with the lemon juice and olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the apples for 1 minute on each side to achieve nice grill marks. Set the apples aside to cool, then cut them into dice.nWhen the cabbage is ready, drain it well and return it to the bowl. Fold in the grilled apples and serve., ingredients: [1 small head green cabbage, shredded, 1 12 cups apple cider vinegar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons pickling spice, wrapped in a cheesecloth pouch, Kosher salt, 2 Granny Smith apples, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Apple and Cabbage Sauerkraut, picturelink: null}, 1659: {instructions: In a carafe, combine the prosecco and peach puree.nDivide the frozen diced peaches and cherry liqueur among 6 Champagne glasses. Top with the prosecco mixture and garnish with fresh peach slices., ingredients: [1 bottle prosecco, 4 ounces peach puree, 1 cup diced fresh peaches about 4 peaches, frozen, plus 6 fresh peach slices, 2 ounces cherry liqueur, such as Cherry Heering], title: Frozen Peach Bellini, picturelink: 36BQofC5Y6GzR0iHMA4U7NgLPOI7k2}, 1660: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and about threequarters of the scallions and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the broccoli, chicken, rice, tomato, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste stir to combine. Whisk the chicken broth and sour cream in a bowl, pour into the skillet and bring to a simmer. Stir in half each of the havarti and parmesan. Cover tightly with a lid or aluminum foil, transfer to the oven and bake until the rice is tender and most of the liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Turn on the broiler. Uncover the skillet and sprinkle with the remaining havarti and parmesan, then broil until golden, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle with the reserved scallions.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 scallions, sliced, 2 cups broccoli florets, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken skin removed, 1 cup mediumgrain white rice, 1 plum tomato, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup sour cream, 1 cup diced dill havarti cheese about 4 ounces, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce], title: Chicken and Rice Casserole, picturelink: D383zUzJRuXR5QImVIwmnHb5xHeCSMS}, 1661: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the almonds and cinnamon. Beat the egg whites until soft peaks form. Gradually add powdered sugar while beating until egg whites become thick and glossy. Gently fold egg whites into almond mixture.nLightly dust a board with powdered sugar and roll egg white dough to 14 inch thickness. Use a cutter dusted with powdered sugar to cut out stars. Using a spatula, carefully lift stars onto baking sheets lined with parchment paper.nPreheat an oven to 300 degrees F. Bake cookies for 12 to 15 minutes, or until set through, remove from oven and brush with glaze. Continue baking for 5 more minutes. Transfer to cooling racks to cool., ingredients: [12 pound finely ground almonds, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 egg whites, 12 pound powdered sugar, 1 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons water], title: Cinnamon Stars, picturelink: null}, 1662: {instructions: Add the onion, bay and lentils to a medium pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over mediumlow heat. Simmer the lentils 10 minutes, then add the potatoes and cook for 7 to 8 minutes more.nWhile the lentils and potatoes cook, heat a tablespoon of oil in a medium skillet over low heat and saute the shallots, garlic and peppers for a couple of minutes. Add the peas and heat through for 1 minute more. Transfer to a shallow serving bowl to cool.nIn a food processor, add the stock, mint and cilantro. Process until it becomes a paste. Add to the bowl with the pepper mixture.nDrain the lentils and the potatoes and discard the onions and the bay leaf. Return the lentil mixture to the hot pot to dry for a minute, then add to the bowl with herb paste and vegetables. Add 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil to the salad bowl and toss. Season with cumin, and salt and pepper, to taste. Toss again and serve., ingredients: [1 small onion, halved, 1 fresh bay leaf, 1 12 cups lentils, 2 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and chopped into small dice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large shallot, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 cup frozen peas, 13 cup vegetable stock, 12 cup packed mint leaves, 12 cup packed cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups spinach, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: LentilPotato Salad, picturelink: sn7AIeZcYBFP536xJTsMtXS3g90jiEi}, 1663: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the orange juice, pineapple juice, rum, amaretto, lime juice, orgeat syrup, ginger liqueur and nutmeg to a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously. Serve over the rocks in a tall islandthemed glass. Garnish with the grenadine, pineapple wedge, cherry and lime wheel., ingredients: [2 ounces orange juice, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 1 12 ounces white rum, 12 ounce amaretto, such as Disaronno, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, 12 ounce orgeat syrup, 14 ounce ginger liqueur, such as Canton, Dash nutmeg, Ice, 14 ounce grenadine, Fresh pineapple wedges, for garnish, Maraschino cherries, for garnish, Lime wheels, for garnish], title: King Kamehameha Mai Tai, picturelink: FzsqyqMqQj92crFLmYRbkN1rmDGXMy}, 1664: {instructions: Brown and drain ground chuck. Par boil onions, celery and carrots. Melt butter in a 2quart pan and add flour. Mix well. Add water, stir until thickened. Add pepper, beef base and tomatoes. Cook one minute more, stirring constantly. Add Kitchen Bouquet, all other vegetables and ground chuck. Cook on medium heat 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Soup may be frozen for later use., ingredients: [1 stick margarine, 1 cup flour, 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 cup chopped carrots, 1 cup mixed vegetables, 1 12 teaspoon Kitchen Bouquet, 1 quart plus 1 cup water, 12 cup chopped celery, 1 tablespoon beef base, 12 cup chopped onions, 1 cup chopped tomatoes, 12 cup ground chuck], title: Plaza Iii Steak Soup, picturelink: null}, 1665: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat an ovensafe skillet over high heat. Add olive oil, red pepper, and onions. Sautu00e9 3 minutes. Add mushrooms and sautu00e9 additional 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Place skillet in oven and roast 1520 minutes.nHeat a sautu00e9 pan over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon butter, a splash of water, spinach, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Cook just until spinach is wilted. Reserve.nFor bu00e9chamel sauce: Heat saucepan over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon butter and minced shallot or onion. Season with salt and pepper stir for about 3 minutes, or until translucent. Add flour and stir to coat. Stir in the milk, a little at a time to avoid lumping. Add nutmeg and cayenne and bring to a low simmer, stirring often to keep from sticking. Cook at least 10 minutes stir in mustard and let stand off heat.nHeat skillet or sautu00e9 pan over medium heat. Butter one side of each bread slice or roll and place 4 slices, butterside down, in pan. Top with slice of Gouda, 2 tablespoons spinach, and 12 cup of peppersonionsmushrooms. Top with 2 tablespoons of the bu00e9chamel sauce, another slice of Gouda, and a slice of rye, butterside up. Grill to melt the cheese and toast the bread to golden brown, flipping sandwiches once., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 large red bell pepper, sliced about 18 thick, 1 red onion, sliced about 18 thick, 6 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced about 18 thick, Salt and pepper, 8 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, divided, 8 ounces fresh spinach leaves, 1 shallot or small yellow onion, minced, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup whole milk, Pinch of ground nutmeg, Pinch of ground cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 8 slices rye bread or 4 seeded rye rolls, split, 8 slices Wisconsin Gouda cheese, Roasted peppers, optional], title: The Green Acre Grilled Cheese, picturelink: ghSW9wOivea5pCjSg905u5dlZYq4J5C}, 1666: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nRub the salmon on all sides with 4 tablespoons of the oil and season inside and out with salt and pepper. Place the tarragon bunch inside the cavity of the fish. Put the vegetables in a large roasting pan coat with the remainder of the oil, season with salt and pepper and mix to combine. Place the salmon on the bed of vegetables. Sprinkle fish and vegetables with white wine. Place the roasting pan in the oven and cook for 45 minutes or until the fish is thoroughly cooked. About 15 minutes for every inch of fish.nCarefully lift the fish out of the pan and place on a platter along with the roasted vegetables.nServe by portioning out the fish using two large spoons: filleting as you go first the top fillet, discard the center bone and then serve the bottom fillet., ingredients: [5 to 6 pounds whole salmon, scaled, gutted and washed, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 bunches fresh tarragon, 2 pounds carrots, peeled and sliced thin, 8 large shallots, peeled and sliced, 2 pound leeks, well washed and cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup white wine], title: Whole Roasted Salmon, picturelink: null}, 1667: {instructions: Preheat a grill. Cut vegetables into 12inch thick slices. Mix vegetables with a generous amount of garlic and herbes de Provence. Drizzle vegetables with olive oil. Grill vegetables on a hot grill until tender and slightly charred., ingredients: [1 zucchini, 1 yellow squash, 12 onion, 12 green bell pepper, 12 red bell pepper, 10 ounces carrots, 34 eggplant, 10 ounces Brussels sprouts, Chopped garlic, Herbes de Provence thyme, sage, parsley, basil, lavender, and rosemary, Olive oil], title: Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 1668: {instructions: Heat oil in a small pot over mediumhigh heat. When it shimmers, add lemongrass, ginger, and chile and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Carefully add stock, coconut milk, and sugar and bring to a boil.nReduce heat to low and add tofu, peas, and snow peas and cook until snow peas are cooked through, about 4 minutes.nRemove from heat and stir in basil, lime juice, and fish sauce. Serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 stalk lemongrass, white part only, sliced lengthwise, cut into 6inch lengths, and smashed, 1 3inch piece fresh ginger, sliced 12inch thick, 1 medium Thai bird chile, Serrano, or jalapeno pepper, end trimmed, halved lengthwise, and seeded, 1 quart lowsodium chicken broth, 1 14ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 7 ounces firm tofu, small dice, 1 12 cups frozen or fresh baby peas, 6 ounces snow peas, 14 cup thinly sliced Thai basil leaves, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 3 tablespoons fish sauce], title: Spicy Coconut Soup, picturelink: wUw3xReFYk2nFRbiE9NLuUHTAcUfm2}, 1669: {instructions: Cut away any tough stems from the greens and discard. Wash the greens thoroughly and cut any very large leaves in half. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the greens and cook, uncovered, for 7 to 10 minutes, or until the greens are just tender. Drain leaves in a colander and cool, pressing down with the back of a spoon to extract all the water. Place greens in a baking dish, using a fork to loosen and separate the leaves. In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice and olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Pour over the greens. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh greens, such as Swiss chard, dandelion, or mustard greens, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 6 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Greek Greens, picturelink: null}, 1670: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the peanut oil, ginger, and lemon zest. Add the shrimp, cover with plastic wrap, and marinate, in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Prepare a fire in the grill or preheat the broiler. Meanwhile, trim the lemongrass by peeling off any dried, brownish leaves and soak the stalks in cold water for 15 minutes. Thread each shrimp on a lemongrass stalk and grill until pink, 2 to 3 minutes, depending upon their thickness., ingredients: [12 cup peanut oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 24 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 tall lemongrass stalks, halved lengthwise], title: Ginger Shrimp on Lemongrass Skewers, picturelink: null}, 1671: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a grill for high heat. Whisk together the oil, rosemary and a pinch each of salt and pepper.nSlice the apple horizontally into 14inchthick slices brush the slices with the oil mixture and grill, covered, until grill marks appear about 1 minute per side.nBrush the chops with the oil mixture and grill, covered, for 1 minute rotate the chops a halfturn without flipping, and grill, covered, for 1 minute more. Flip the chops and grill, covered, 1 minute rotate and grill, covered, 1 minute more. Transfer the chops to a plate, cover with foil and let rest for 5 minutes before serving with the apple slices as garnish., ingredients: [2 to 3 rosemary sprigs, stems removed and leaves coarsely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 Granny Smith or other crisp apple, cored and seeded, 2 centercut bonein pork chops about 34inch thick, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled BoneIn Pork Chops, picturelink: FIVAWPBDlsujkoACOZkEAN7T1Er9RC}, 1672: {instructions: In a mortar and pestle or food processor, pound or process the orange zest and the sugar. Add the butter and mix together until creamy and fluffy, dribble in the orange juice and CuraHao a bit at a time, still processing, until it is all absorbed. Pack into a ramekin and smooth off the top, and serve with warm breakfast breads. If desired, spread the butter on a long sheet of plastic wrap and roll up into a cylinder. Chill or freeze and cut off 12 inch disks of the flavored butter as needed., ingredients: [Zest of 1 large navel orange, finely chopped, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 12 tablespoons CuraHao or other orange liqueur], title: Orange Butter, picturelink: null}, 1673: {instructions: First, make a roux. In a mediumsize cast iron skillet, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the flour. Cook, stirring often, about 15 to 20 minutes until the roux is deep brown in color. Watch the mixture closely and adjust the heat to keep from burning. Remove from heat and set aside. Meanwhile, in an 8quart pot, combine the chicken and water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer 30 to 45 minutes, until the chicken is cooked through. Remove the chicken from the pot and set aside to cool. Add the turkey sausage, tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, bay leaves, rosemary, thyme, and crushed red pepper to the pot. Simmer for 30 minutes. Stir the roux into the gumbo, a spoonful at a time. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer 20 to 30 minutes longer. While the gumbo is simmering, remove the skin and bones from the cooled chicken. Tear the chicken into bitesize pieces. Add the chicken, shrimp, and crabs to the pot, and cook for 5 minutes, until the shrimp is cooked through. Stir in the file powder, cooking just until the gumbo is slightly thickened. In large soup plates, ladle the gumbo over scoops of hot rice. Sprinkle with chopped parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 3 pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 3 quarts water, 1 pound smoked turkey sausage, cut into 12inch slices, 6 medium tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, chopped, 3 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 Dungeness crabs, cooked, cleaned, and cracked, 2 to 3 tablespoons file powder, 8 cups hot cooked basmati rice, 12 cup chopped parsley], title: Danny Glovers Seafood Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 1674: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the whipped feta, place the feta and cream cheese in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pulse until the cheeses are mixed. Add 13 cup of the olive oil, the lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper and process until smooth.nFor the tomatoes, up to an hour before youre serving, combine the shallots, garlic, and vinegar in a medium bowl. Set aside for 5 minutes. Whisk in the remaining 13 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Add the tomatoes, stir gently, and set aside for 10 minutes. Stir in the basil and taste for seasonings.nTo assemble the crostini, spread each slice of bread with a generous amount of whipped feta. With a slotted spoon, place the tomatoes on top. Put the crostini on plates and scatter with the pine nuts. Sprinkle with extra basil and serve., ingredients: [6 ounces good feta, crumbled, 2 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 23 cup good olive oil, divided, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced shallots 2 shallots, 2 teaspoons minced garlic 2 cloves, 2 tablespoons good red wine vinegar, 2 pounds ripe heirloom or cherry tomatoes, 12inchdiced, 3 tablespoons julienned fresh basil leaves, plus extra for serving, 20 to 25 12inchthick diagonal baguette slices, toasted, 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts], title: Tomato Crostini with Whipped Feta, picturelink: sqajVJn4DBU6JekT4.Z6TTm5jrHtbNm}, 1675: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a bowl and set aside.nBlend all ingredients except butter and oil until smooth. Add oil and butter to finish. Add warm chicken stock and season to taste.nSeason tuna pieces with oil and salt and pepper evenly. Place seasoned tuna in spice mixture and coat evenly. Next, heat oil in a cast iron skillet until very hot. Add tuna and cook to desired doneness and set aside to rest for a couple of minutes. Slice each piece after resting.nPLATING: Place braised romaine in center of plate. Next arrange warm tuna slices on top of romaine. Finish plate by drizzling warm juice around the plate. Serve.nOver high heat saute romaine ribs in olive oil until tender. Add anchovies and coriander. Finish by tossing with basil and season with lemon juice, salt and pepper. ., ingredients: [12 cup sesame seeds, 12 cup curry powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 cup grated lime zest, 2 tablespoons honey, Zest of 3 key limes, Juice of 3 key limes, 1 medium head of ginger peeled, chopped, and blanched, 1 bunch Italian parsley washed, chopped roughly, 1 12 cups roughly chopped spinach, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons French butter, 14 cup chicken stock, 2 heads romaine, ribs only, 1 teaspoon extra virgin oil, 1 teaspoon minced anchovies, 1 teaspoon finely ground coriander, 12 bunch basil, chiffonade, Juice of 1 lemon, Salt and pepper to taste, 4 6 ounce portions tuna, 1 teaspoon extra virgin olive oil, Spice mixture from above, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Yellowfin Tuna, Seared Rare with Sesame, and a Key Lime Ginger Broth, picturelink: null}, 1676: {instructions: Make the tart dough: Combine the flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor and pulse to blend. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture forms coarse crumbs. Add vanilla and water to processor, then slowly add flour and cinnamon sugar. Pulse just until a dough forms, adding a little extra ice water if necessary. Divide the dough in half, and shape each half into a 1inchthick round. Wrap 1 disk tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour freeze the other for future use.nPut a pizza stone or cookie sheet in the oven and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F for 45 minutes. Remove the dough from the refrigerator about 15 minutes before rolling to soften it slightly.nPlace the dough round between 2 sheets of parchment paper and roll into a 13inch round about a 14inch thickness, flouring the round lightly as needed to keep the dough from sticking. Remove the top sheet of parchment. Use the rim of a small round bowl to make 6 individual crostatas. Cut around the edge of the bowl, in the dough, with a sharp knife. Slide a pizza peel or rimless baking sheet under the bottom sheet of parchment, and remove excess dough from crostatas.nTo make the filling, combine the apples, sugar, flour, and cinnamon in a bowl and toss well. Add cranberry sauce and salt and toss again, briefly. Paint the edges of the crostatas with egg yolk wash. Fill the center of the dough rounds with the apples about 12 cup each in an even layer, leaving a border of about 1 12 inches. Fold the border up and over the apples to make a rim. Brush the rim with egg wash, then sprinkle with coarse sugar. Trim the excess parchment with scissors, and press sides together.nUse the pizza peel or baking sheet to transfer the crostatas, still with parchment underneath, to the oven, sliding it, with the paper, directly onto the pizza stone. Bake until the crust is nicely browned and the apples are bubbling, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven with the peel or baking sheet and let cool on a rack for 15 minutes before serving. Serve warm. Note: This can be made hours ahead and reheated before serving., ingredients: [2 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 cup 12 pound or 2 sticks chilled unsalted butter, cut into tablespoonsize pieces, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup ice water, plus additional as needed, 4 cups Granny Smith, Pippin, or your favorite apples, peeled and cut into 34inch wedges, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons unbleached allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup cranberry sauce, 12 teaspoon sea salt, preferably gray salt, 1 egg yolk beaten with 1 tablespoon heavy cream, for egg wash, 2 teaspoons coarse sugar], title: Fresh CranApple Crostata, picturelink: null}, 1677: {instructions: Whisk the buttermilk and half of the hot sauce in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add the chicken and marinate, covered, in the refrigerator, for about 45 minutes to 1 hour.nMeanwhile, prepare the slaw. Combine the mayonnaise, sour cream and blue cheese in a food processor or blender and process until smooth. Season with the remaining half of the hot sauce and salt and pepper. You should have about 1 cup dressing. Just before cooking the chicken, toss the cabbage, carrots and celery with about 34 cup of the dressing. Reserve the remaining 14 cup dressing for serving.nPut the cracker crumbs in a shallow bowl or plate. Lift the fingers 1 at a time and drain off the excess liquid. Dip into the crumbs and turn to coat on all sides.nHeat half the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot but not smoking. Add half the chicken and cook, turning once or twice, until browned and cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Repeat with the remaining oil and chicken.nFor your picnic, package the reserved dressing, slaw, and chicken., ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, about 6 ounces each, cut into fingers, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 12 small head green cabbage, shredded 4 cups, 3 to 4 large carrots, coarsely grated, 2 celery ribs, thinly sliced, 1 box waffle crackers recommended: Triscuit, pulverized in a food processor or 2 cups fresh bread crumbs, 12 cup vegetable oil], title: Crispy Buffalo Chicken Salad and Slaw, picturelink: null}, 1678: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring the meat to room temperature. Pat the meat dry with paper towels, then sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper and dredge in flour. Heat a drizzle of EVOO in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the meat in batches and cook until deep brown all over. Transfer to a plate.nAdd another drizzle of EVOO to the pot and reduce the heat to medium. Add the butter and let it melt into the oil. Add the onions and cook until very tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Add 3 tablespoons paprika, the cumin, garlic, bay leaves, bell peppers and tomatoes, and stir to combine and heat through, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the stock and wine then return the meat to the pot. Cover with a lid, transfer the pot to the oven and cook until the meat is tender, about 2 hours.nRemove the meat to a platter and cover with foil. Using an immersion blender, puree the sauce in the pot. Stir in the creme fraiche and cook until the sauce is reduced, 20 to 30 minutes. Return the meat to the pot. If you are not serving immediately, cool the stew and then refrigerate until ready to use. Reheat in a moderate oven or over a medium flame. Just before serving, stir in the remaining 1 teaspoon paprika to brighten the flavor.nFor garnish, fry the caperberries in a little EVOO until crisp. Top the stew with a few dollops of creme fraiche and the fried caperberries. The green, red and white colors signify the Hungarian flag.nAny leftover stew is great for lunch or with poached eggs., ingredients: [2 12 pounds veal shoulder or boned shank meat, cut into bitesize cubes, or 2 12 pounds lamb shoulder or boned leg meat, cut into bitesize cubes, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, EVOO, for drizzling, 6 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 3 onions, chopped, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon goodquality sweet paprika, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 to 3 large cloves garlic, crushed, 2 large fresh bay leaves, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 large heirloom or organic tomato, chopped, 1 12 cups chicken stock if using veal or beef stock if using lamb, 1 12 cups dry white wine if using veal or dry red wine if using lamb, 1 cup creme fraiche, plus a few dollops for garnish, 12 cup drained caperberries, for garnish, optional], title: Veal or Lamb Paprikash, picturelink: tpNthQuhxqPHkARnCa6kVetXOHGDTbC}, 1679: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nWith an electric mixer, in a medium size bowl, cream the butter and sugar. Stir in the vanilla, grated chocolate, and pine nuts. Mix in the flour and salt. Chill the dough.nWhen ready to bake, roll out the dough, on a floured surface, to a 14 inch thickness. Cut out the cookies with a 2inch round cookie cutter. Gather the scraps together and reroll the dough to cut out more cookies. Place slightly apart on a nonstick baking sheet.nBake for 10 minutes, or until the cookies are dry and firm. When cool, dust the cookies with the powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks butter, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 23 cup grated semisweet chocolate, 1 cup pine nuts, toasted and lightly chopped, 2 14 cups cake flour, 12 teaspoon salt, Powdered sugar], title: Chocolate Pinon Cookies, picturelink: null}, 1680: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Combine 1 12 cups flour, nuts, granulated sugar, brown sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon in medium bowl. Add butter mix until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Reserve 1 14 cups crumb mixture. Pat remaining mixture on bottom of ungreased 13 x 9inch baking pan.nCOMBINE pumpkin, sweetened condensed milk, eggs, remaining 1 teaspoon cinnamon, allspice and salt in large bowl mix well. Pour evenly over crust.nMIX reserved crumbs with remaining 1 tablespoon flour. Sprinkle over pumpkin mixture.nBAKE 30 to 35 minutes or until set. Cool 10 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, plus 1 tablespoon, divided, 1 cup finely chopped nuts, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 2 tsps. ground cinnamon, divided, 34 cup butter, 1 15 oz. can pumpkin 2 cups, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 2 large eggs, beaten, 12 tsp. ground allspice, 14 tsp. salt], title: Pumpkin Pie Bars, picturelink: null}, 1681: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the roast on all sides with salt and pepper.nIn a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, heat the vegetable oil and sear the roast on all sides. Add the onions, garlic and tomato paste and cook until slightly colored. Add the wine, stock, thyme and bay leaves. Bring the liquid to a simmer, cover, and place in the oven.nRoast for 1 12 hours and then add the carrots. Continue to cook for 1 more hour. Transfer the roast to a cutting board and let rest for 15 to 20 minutes. Slice and place on a serving platter. Skim the fat off the braising liquid and serve with the roast. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound boneless bottom round roast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 yellow onions, peeled and quartered, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 cup red wine, 2 cups beef stock, 2 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 bay leaves, 3 carrots, peeled and sliced into 12inch pieces, Freshly chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Momma Neelys Pot Roast, picturelink: 3VbW9SmuyLXsiPmYnxS.YDuuo0xXggO}, 1682: {instructions: With a vegetable peeler cut the carrot, the zucchini, and the yellow summer squash lengthwise intoribbons, reserving the center cores for another use. In a heavy skillet cook the vegetables in the butter over moderately high heat, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the vegetables are crisptender, add the horseradish, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste, and toss the mixture well., ingredients: [2 carrots, peeled, 2 small zucchini, scrubbed, 2 small yellow summer squash, washed well, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon drained bottled horseradish, 2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Vegetable Ribbons with Horseradish Lemon Butter, picturelink: null}, 1683: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with two kitchen towels stacked on top of each other and place in the oven. This will keep your cooked pancakes warm.nWhisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, salt, cloves, ginger and allspice together in a large bowl. Whisk the milk, eggs and pumpkin puree together in another bowl. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and stir until ingredients are just incorporated and batter is thick its okay if there are some lumps. Let the batter rest for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, whip the heavy cream and nutmeg until stiff peaks form. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Ladle a heaping 12 cup of the batter into the skillet, spreading it into a 6inch round. Cook, until pancakes are golden on the bottom and bubbly on top, about 1 minute 30 seconds. Flip the pancakes and cook until the second side is golden brown and the pancake is cooked through, about 1 minute 30 seconds more. The first few pancakes may seem sticky and hard to flip, but the pancakes will become easier to flip as you cook more of them.nTransfer the pancake to the baking sheet in the oven, tucking it between the two kitchen towels. Repeat with the remaining batter to make more pancakes.nPlace 3 pancakes on each plate and garnish with nutmeg whipped cream and pumpkin seeds. Serve with maple syrup., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon ground cloves, 34 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 cups milk, 3 large eggs, One 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 1 cup heavy cream, chilled, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons toasted pumpkin seeds, Maple syrup for serving], title: Pumpkin Pancakes with Maple Syrup and Nutmeg Whipped Cream, picturelink: qVLFDXJhhCnkZmIRJa3iimfA.cyWJ6}, 1684: {instructions: Special equipment: 12cup nonstick muffin tinnPosition an oven rack to the center of the oven and preheat the broiler. Meanwhile, coat 8 cups of the muffin tin generously with cooking spray. Crack an egg into each, sprinkle with salt and broil until the tops are golden brown and the egg whites are set but the yolks are still runny, 4 to 5 minutes a small knife inserted into the egg helps to check doneness. Remove the muffin tin from the oven and set aside.nWhile the eggs are cooking, put the refried beans in a small bowl, cover and microwave until hot, about 2 minutes. Dice the avocado. Slice the roasted red peppers into strips.nArrange 2 tostadas on each of 4 plates. Spoon and spread some of the beans on each tostada. Use a small offset spatula or spoon to scoop out the eggs from the muffin tin and place one, brownedside down, on top of each tostada. Spoon salsa verde over each egg and top with roasted pepper, avocado and cheese., ingredients: [2 jarred roasted red bell peppers, 8 tostada shells, 1 cup salsa verde, 1 cup shredded Mexican blend cheese, Nonstick cooking spray, 8 large eggs, Kosher salt, One 16ounce can refried black beans, 1 ripe avocado], title: 15Minute Bean, Egg and Avocado Tostadas, picturelink: 4QKc7eHijIvsIKtzprNz1N88sy7w0i6}, 1685: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Make almond flour by placing the almonds in a clean, dry, blender or food processor and chopping them until they become powder.nPlace the eggs, 1 14 cups of the powdered sugar, and the almond flour in a mediumsize mixing bowl. Whip with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until creamy and light, about 1 minute. Place the egg whites in a large mixing bowl and whip with an electric mixer on medium speed until foamy. Make a French meringue by adding the remaining powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, and whipping to stiff but not dry peaks. Do not overwhip. Use a rubber spatula to fold the almond mixture into the French meringue in two additions, being careful not to deflate the batter. Gently fold in the melted butter, then the sifted flour, just until incorporated.nUsing an offset spatula, spread about twothirds of the batter onto a parchment lined sheet pan. Spread the remaining batter onto half of another parchment lined sheet pan. Lightly rest the edge of the spatula on the batter and gently push the excess toward the edges of both baking sheets. Dust the tops of the cake layers with powdered sugar for a nicer crust.nBake until lightly and evenly browned on top, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the cake layers from the oven and immediately unmold onto a wire rack to keep the heat of the baking sheet from continuing to bake them. To unmold, invert your cooling rack and place it on top of the cake layer then flip it over. Remove the parchment paper when the layers are completely cool. Set aside until ready to use.nFor the Ganache: Pour the heavy cream into a 1quart heavybottomed saucepan, and cook over mediumhigh heat until bubbles begin to form around the edges. Place the bittersweet chocolate into a mediumsized bowl. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and let it sit for about 30 seconds to disperse the heat and melt the chocolate. Gently whisk until smooth and homogenous. Set aside until ready to use. Do not refrigerate.nTo assemble the cake, cut the large layer in half. You should now have three equally sized pieces of cake. Place 1 layer on a parchment lined sheet pan. Over the top, spread half of the ganache to the edges in an even layer. Cover with another cake layer, then evenly spread the raspberry jam over the top all the way to the edges. Top with the third layer of cake and spread the remaining ganache evenly to the edges. It is very important for this layer to be even as it is the top of the cake. Place the assembled cake in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nTo serve, decorate with fresh raspberries., ingredients: [34 cup blanched almonds, 4 eggs, 1 23 cups powdered sugar, plus extra for dusting, 5 egg whites, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup pastry flour, sifted, 14 cup red raspberry jam, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 7 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, Fresh raspberries, for decoration], title: Esterel Cake, picturelink: KTzLtgAvpXi98Z6JElVI.lrjB7Mq.u}, 1686: {instructions: To smoke the salmon heat the woodchips in the smoker over a medium heat until the smoke turns gray. Salt the salmon and add it to the smoker, cover the smoker, turn down the heat to medium and cook the salmon for twelve minutes, turn the salmon over and cook on the other side until the fish is opaque approximately 10 minutes and cooked but still moist.nWhile the salmon is cooking, bring the chestnuts to a boil in salted water to cover, simmer for 7 to 10 minutes until tender when pierced with a knife. Drain and reserve the chestnuts. In a medium saute pan over high heat cook the shiitake mushrooms in the butter and soy sauce. When the mushrooms are soft add the washed spinach leaves, cover the pot and let the leaves wilt for one minute. Remove the cover. The spinach should be bright green and wilted fold in the chestnuts and taste for seasoning.nRemove the salmon from the smoker when it is cooked and serve it on the spinach., ingredients: [12 pound small shiitake mushrooms, wiped clean and cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 12 pounds spinach washed and the stems trimmed to 1inch, 12 cup alder wood chips, 1 12 pound salmon fillet, 1 cup whole peeled chestnuts], title: House Smoked Salmon on Spinach with Chestnuts and Shiitakes, picturelink: null}, 1687: {instructions: Special equipment: a powerful blender or immersion blendernFor the loup de mer: Put the thyme and lemon and orange zest together in a bowl and, while stirring, slowly drizzle in enough olive oil a little at a time to form a paste it should not be runny, just moist.nSalt the fish and cover it with the citrus paste let sit in the refrigerator until the other components have been completed.nFor the beer blanc: Fill a medium pot about 34 full with water and place over low heat. The water should be warm to the touch but not hot.nSweat the shallots, fennel and olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat until the shallots are transparent, about 3 minutes. Pour in just enough canola oil to coat them, and then add the salt. This will ensure the vegetables dont brown as the salt pulls moisture out of them and creates a steaming effect. After about 1 minute, add the beer and vinegar and stir to combine.nSimmer the mixture until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add a splash of water or fish stock and reduce the heat to low. Whisk in 12 tablespoons of the butter, one cube at a time, waiting until it is completely incorporated before adding more.nStrain the mixture through a fine mesh sieve. Discard the solids and transfer the liquid to a powerful blender or use an immersion blender set to high and process while adding the remaining 4 tablespoons butter a little at a time. The emulsion will not be stable for long, so transfer the mixture to a heatproof bowl and place it over the pot of warm water on the stove to keep it warm. The sauce does not hold in the refrigerator, so discard after use.nFor the potato and fennel hash: Put the potatoes in a pot and cover with cold salted water. Bring to a boil and remove from the heat. Let the potatoes sit in the water until soft, about 10 minutes. Strain off the water and spread out in a single layer on a flat surface to cool.nSweat the shallots, garlic, carrot, celery and fennel with the oil in a saute pan over medium heat until soft but not colored. Add the cooled potatoes, the chicken broth, butter and pinch of salt. Reduce over medium heat until there is only enough liquid to glaze the vegetables. Remove from the heat, add the lemon juice and taste for salt, adding more if necessary.nTo serve: When the beer blanc sauce and potato and fennel hash are completed and holding, heat a grill or grill pan to high and and grill the fish skinside down, until 70 percent cooked, 2 to 3 minutes. Carefully turn over the fish and cook on the flesh side for only about a minute or so.nPlace some beer blanc on 4 plates. Place some potato and fennel hash in the middle of each plate. Top with the fish skinside up. Garnish with the fennel fronds if desired., ingredients: [Zest of 2 lemons, roughly chopped, Zest of 1 orange, roughly chopped, 4 ounces thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more if necessary to make a paste., Kosher salt, 2 fresh bass fillets, skin on, bones removed, cut into 4 portions, 2 shallots, julienned, 2 ounces julienned fennel, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 3.5 ounces Belgian wheat beer, 3.5 ounces Champagne vinegar, Spash of water or fish stock, 16 tablespoons 2 sticks unsalted butter, cold and cut into cubes, 2 potatoes, cut into large 12inch dice, Salt, 2 shallots, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 carrot, finely diced, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 1 bulb fennel, finely diced, plus fennel fronds for garnish, optional, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Loup de Mer, picturelink: null}, 1688: {instructions: Simmer 1 cup blueberries, 12 cup maple syrup, 14 teaspoon vanilla and some lemon zest in a saucepan until slightly thickened. Toast wholewheat waffles and top with scoops of butterpecan ice cream. Drizzle with the blueberry sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: BlueberryMaple Waffle Sundaes, picturelink: dQB2wPYjtx76lKMrC0s5skgsCWKCwhu}, 1689: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute onions, garlic, and red pepper for 1 to 2 minutes. Do not let garlic brown. Add the tomatoes, oregano, and bay leaf to skillet. Let simmer until flavors blend, stirring occasionally every 12 hour. Stir in Parmesan, and remove bay leaf. Sauce is ready for lasagna to be made.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large pot, boil water, and cook pasta close to al dente. In a large bowl combine the ricotta, salt, pepper, and Parmesan, and mix until well blended. Mix in egg yolks and set aside.nIn a 13 by 9inch baking dish, spread a thin layer of marinara sauce and cover with noodles. Spread a layer of ricotta cheese mixture over noodles. Top with mozzarella, another layer of sauce, and repeat. The third layer should be topped with sauce and mozzarella. Cover and bake for 40 minutes, remove cover and bake for an additional 25 minutes. Remove from oven, and let stand for 20 minutes.nTo serve, cut into squares, and serve with drizzled marinara sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 minced onion, 2 cloves minced garlic, 12 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 1 28ounce can crushed Italian tomatoes, 1 tablespoon oregano, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons Parmesan, 15 lasagna noodles, 2 pounds ricotta, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups grated Parmesan, 1 pound mozzarella, grated, 4 egg yolks], title: Traditional Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 1690: {instructions: In a small saute pan, add 1 tablespoon olive oil, onions, and garlic and cook until translucent. Remove and let cool.nTenderize flank steak with a meat mallet and cut into 14inch pieces, approximately 5 by 8 inches long. Lightly season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nPlace carrots, red bell peppers, sundried tomato, and green onions in separate layers over the first 5 inches of the steak lengthwise. Top with garlic and onion mixture, then evenly coat with shredded mozzarella cheese and parsley.nRoll flank steak, starting with end that has vegetables, firmly without pushing out vegetables. Secure rolled steak with skewers.nTo a rimmed plate stir the flour and Italian seasoning together and dredge the rolled flank steak, coating evenly.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a medium saute pan heat 2 tablespoons olive oil and when hot add the rolled flank steak, searing on all sides for about 4 to 5 minutes until golden brown. Remove the flank steak from the pan and place on a baking sheet. Place in preheated oven for 15 minutes or until internal temperature reaches 135 degrees F. on an instantread thermometer.nPlace the saute pan back on burner and deglaze with the white wine. Stir, and reduce for 2 minutes, then add tomato sauce and chicken stock. Let mixture continue to reduce for 2 more minutes. Remove the steak from the oven and let rest. Slice on the bias 12inch, shingle out, and top with sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup onions, diced, 3 tablespoons diced garlic, 1 flank steak, about 2 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup thinly julienne carrots, 12 cup roasted julienne red bell peppers, 12 cup julienne oil packed sundried tomatoes, 12 cup julienne green onions, 34 cup shredded mozzarella, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 2 6inch bamboo skewers, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup fire roasted tomato sauce, 12 cup chicken stock], title: Italian Flank Steak, picturelink: fjbkZiU6ngP0squc7gCZLbImq1Roaha}, 1691: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix together ingredients. Season with salt and pepper. Roll the patties in extra breadcrumbs and transfer to a hot saute pan with the olive oil. Pan fry until golden, about 2 minutes for each side. Plate the patties with white and green asparagus and coconut curry sauce.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, add all ingredients. Reduce until the sauce coats the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add 1ounce water if the sauce is too thick.nIn a large saute pan over high heat, heat enough olive oil to coat the pan. Add the asparagus and minced onion. Saute until glazed, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nPROCEDURE: Plate salmon patties in center of plate and nap with curry sauce, surround with asparagus and serve warm., ingredients: [1 can salmon, 12 can sweetned condensed milk, 1 tablespoon freezedried chives, 14 cup bread crumbs, plus more to coat, 2 tablespoons olive oil, for frying, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 Recipe white and green asparagus, recipe follows, 1 recipe coconut curry sauce, recipe follows, 6 ounces unsweetend coconut milk, 2 ounces soy milk, 2 tablespoons curry powder, Salt and freshly ground black powder, Olive oil, to saute, 1 can green asparagus, 1 can white asparagus, 1 teaspoon dried minced onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Salmon Patties with White and Green Asparagus and Coconut Curry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1692: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the lemon zest and juice, the picked thyme, bay leaves and garlic and pulse until it becomes a coarse paste. Add the egg whites and puree until very frothy and foamy.nIn a large bowl combine the herbegg white mixture with the salt and mix until it becomes a moist paste.nPlace half of the lemon slices and whole thyme in the cavity of each of the fish. On a baking sheet, place a little less than half of the salt mixture in two rows. Lay the fish on top of each row. Pack the remaining salt mixture around the fish to completely encase them, pressing the mixture firmly on the fish to create a crust.nRoast the fish for 25 minutes. Remove and let rest for 10 minutes.nCrack open the salt crust and brush the excess salt from the fish. Remove the top fillet, pull the spine out and remove the bottom fillet. Drizzle with olive oil and serve., ingredients: [2 lemons, 1 zested and juiced and 1 sliced into thin rounds, 1 bunch fresh thyme, half picked and half left whole, 4 fresh bay leaves, coarsely snipped using scissors, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 9 egg whites, 8 cups kosher salt, Two 1pound whole fish, such as branzino or orate, fins and gills removed, Highquality olive oil, for finishing], title: Salt and Herb Roasted Whole Fish, picturelink: QLSp.C4g0ZJSSMUeQOqesQiD5gOmdv.}, 1693: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPut the tomato and lemon juice in a food processor or blender and puree it. Transfer the tomato puree to a medium saucepan and heat over medium heat, bringing it to a low boil. Add the celery, lemon zest, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and water. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the sauce is thick, like a marinara sauce. Remove from the heat and gently mix in the blackberries. Add salt, to taste.nLightly flour both sides of the trout and sprinkle it with salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add enough olive oil to sear the trout. When the oil is hot, add the trout and sear on both sides just until brown. Place the skillet in the oven and continue cooking until the fish is flaky, about 10 minutes. Top with the sauce and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large green tomato, cored, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup diced celery, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, minced, 34 cup sugar, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch ground nutmeg, 14 cup water, 1 pint fresh blackberries, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 rainbow trout fillets, Olive oil], title: Sauteed Rainbow Trout with Green Tomato and Blackberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1694: {instructions: Cut the lemon into small cubes. Put all but 1 lemon cube, the basil, and brown sugar together in a glass and muddle until the consistency of a paste or jam. Fill a glass with ice. Pour rum and sweet and sour mix into shaker without ice. Put cap on and shake this blends the spirit with the mixer and creates a froth. Strain into glass and stir. Garnish with small spring of basil and cube of lemon and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 lemon, 4 to 6 large basil leaves, stems removed, 3 to 4 teaspoons natural brown sugar, to taste, Ice cubes, 1 12 ounces flavored rum or flavored vodka recommended: Bacardi Coco Rum or Skyy Vanilla Vodka, 3 ounces sweet and sour mix recommended: Finest Call, Small sprig of basil, for garnish], title: The Serengeti, picturelink: NHdmQgHzTT789Jf30R3nHZcoZz.KBK}, 1695: {instructions: Peel and roughly chop 2 pounds parsnips. Cook in boiling salted water until soft, about 20 minutes drain. Puree with 3 tablespoons butter season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with grated parmesan.nUse a food processor or immersion blender to puree these veggiestheyre too fibrous for a potato masher.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [], title: Parsnip Mash, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 1696: {instructions: Thinly slice the eggplant into rounds and season with salt. Pour some flour into a shallow dish. Beat the eggs in another dish. In a third dish, mix the breadcrumbs and parmesan. Dredge the eggplant in the flour, then dip in the eggs and coat with the breadcrumb mixture.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, cook the eggplant until golden, about 2 minutes per side, adding more oil between batches, if necessary. Drain on paper towels and season with salt.nToss the tomatoes with the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil and the vinegar in a bowl. Spoon some ricotta onto each eggplant slice. Top with the tomato mixture and basil.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 medium eggplant, Kosher salt, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 2 large eggs, 34 cup breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons extra virgin olive oil, plus more as needed, 2 large plum tomatoes, diced, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 1 cup ricotta cheese, Shredded fresh basil, for topping], title: Eggplant Ricotta Bites, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 1697: {instructions: Special equipment: pastry brushnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the pastry into 6 equal strips and cut each strip into 3 pieces. Cut the hot dogs into 3 equal pieces. Place 1 hot dog piece onto a piece of the pastry and roll until the pastry meets itself. Press gently to seal. Place on a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining hot dogs and pastry. Brush the pastry tops with the cream and sprinkle half with the cheese and half with the poppy seeds. Place in the top half of the oven until the pastry is puffed and golden, about 15 to 18 minutes. Remove, let cool 5 minutes, and serve with the dipping sauce on the side.nPut the tomatoes, vinegar, sugar, curry powder, salt, pepper and cloves into a saucepan and place over high heat. Bring to a boil, stir to dissolve the sugar and cook until the tomatoes have broken down and the mixture is slightly thick, about 10 minutes. Pour the mix into a food processor and pulse until smooth. Let cool to room temperature before refrigerating. Place in a decorative bowl to serve., ingredients: [1 puff pastry sheet, thawed, 6 allbeef hot dogs, 14 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons grated Romano, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, Pinch ground cloves], title: Pigs in a Blanket with Curried Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 1698: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nFor the lime salt: Add the kosher salt and lime zest to a spice grinder. Pulse a few times to combine. Set aside in a small bowl.nFor the spicy mayonnaise: In a bowl, whisk the mayonnaise, chili sauce and lime juice together until combined. Set aside.nFor the corn: Grill the corn until lightly charred on all sides. Cut the ears in half and transfer to a large bowl. Toss with the Monterey Jack and some of the spicy mayonnaise to coat, using more or less mayonnaise to your liking.nStack the corn on a large plate and sprinkle with the lime salt. Garnish with lime wedges, cilantro leaves and extra cheese if you like., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, Zest of 2 limes, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons spicy chili sauce, Juice of 2 limes, 6 ears fresh corn on the cob, shucked and silks removed, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack, plus more for garnish, optional, Lime wedges, for garnish, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Grilled Mexican Street Corn, picturelink: null}, 1699: {instructions: Combine all the dry ingredients in a large bowl and mix well. Take the bittersweet chocolate and roughly chop it up to give a chunky but consistent size. Mix well with a wooden spoon and then store in a dry airtight container. To make the hot chocolate, simply add 1 cup of water per 12 cup of hot cocoa mix. Heat in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring with a whisk. Heat until hot, but do not boil, about 6 to 7 minutes. Serve with marshmallows.nIn a medium sized saucepan soak the gelatin in the cold water. After the gelatin has softened, approximately 10 minutes, add the regular sugar and then gently dissolve over low heat, approximately 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool to room temperature.nIn a mixer, beat the egg whites until stiff peaks and then fold in the sifted confectioners sugar. While the mixer is on low, slowly pour in the cooled gelatin mixture. Increase the speed and beat until white and thick. The volume should double in size and should form between soft and firm peaks.nLine an 8 by 8inch baking dish with high sides with foil, grease slightly with butter, and coat with confectioners sugar. Alternatively, you can use a baking sheet, but the marshmallows will not be as tall. Pour marshmallow mixture in and top with more sifted confectioners sugar. Leave out overnight or for at least 3 hours to set. The marshmallow should be light and spongy when set.nLoosen marshmallow from edges of tray and invert onto a large cutting board. Peel off foil and use a large knife to cut the marshmallows into cubes. Dredge each piece in confectioners sugar., ingredients: [34 cup powdered milk, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup cocoa powder, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, Homemade Marshmallows, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons 3 packets powdered gelatin, 2 cups cold water, 2 cups sugar, 2 egg whites, 2 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, plus more for dusting pan and marshmallows, Butter, for greasing pan], title: Hot Cocoa and Homemade Marshmallows, picturelink: null}, 1700: {instructions: Place basil, garlic and pine nuts in food processor and chop finely. Leave processor running and add olive oil in a slow steady stream through feed tube. Turn off the processor. Remove top and add cheese, a sprinkle of salt and a good grinding of pepper. Replace top, and process to combine ingredients. Store in freezer or refrigerator in clean jars., ingredients: [2 cups fresh basil leaves, throughly washed and patted dry, 4 good size garlic cloves, peeled and chopped, 1 cup pine nuts, 1 cup virgin olive oil, 1 14 cups freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese, Salt to taste, Pepper to taste], title: Pesto Perfecto, picturelink: null}, 1701: {instructions: Mix it all together and eat up, ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup plain yogurt, 1 cup chopped artichoke hearts, 1 cup Parmesan, 1 tablespoon ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 14 cup freshly chopped garlic], title: Capones Garlic Artichoke Cheese Spread, picturelink: null}, 1702: {instructions: Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking.nLay out 4 tortillas spread each with half of the goat cheese. Divide prosciutto and figs and place on top of goat cheese. Top with jack cheese and remaining tortillas. Cook on hot oiled grill 3 to 4 minutes per side or until cheese has melted. Serve hot with fig preserves on side.nINDOOR: Prepare quesadillas as directed. In a skillet large enough to fit tortillas or an electric griddle, heat 1 to 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil over medium heat. When oil is hot, carefully fry both sides of quesadillas for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown turning with a large spatula. Garnish as directed., ingredients: [8 flour tortillas, taco size, 5 ounces creamy goat cheese, 3 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, 4 figs, sliced, 12 cup shredded Monterey jack cheese, 12 cup fig preserves], title: Prosciutto, Fig, and Goat Cheese Quesadillas, picturelink: HjY9DYhUh31AYfy0rE99Orc8FRmD3pS}, 1703: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill on mediumhigh heat.nIn a small bowl, mix together the olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Rub the lamb with the garlic oil on and let marinate for 30 minutes in a large casserole dish at room temperature.nIn a mediumsized bowl, add the tomatoes, shallot, jalapeno, sugar, vinegar, soy sauce, salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd the olive oil, shallots and herbs to a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nArrange the lamb on the grill rack. Grill the lamb, covered, until an instantread thermometer inserted into the meat registers 130 degrees F for mediumrare, turning occasionally, about 25 minutes. Remove the lamb to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes before slicing. Thinly slice the lamb.nTo assemble, put some of the chimichurri on each pita. Add some lamb and some tomato relish. Top with more chimichurri and wrap in foil or parchment paper to serve., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 14 cup chopped garlic, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 5pound butterflied boneless leg of lamb, excess fat and sinew trimmed from a 6 12pound bonein leg of lamb, 4 plum tomatoes, seeded and finely diced, 1 shallot, minced, 1 jalapeno, minced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, Dash soy sauce, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 2 shallots, minced, 13 cup chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped basil leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped oregano, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 6 pocketless pitas, Foil or parchment, for wrapping], title: Lamb Gyro with Tomato Relish and Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: 5NuEv1pWOtzAXe3r8HSzkYQZDdnMIS}, 1704: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Using a small glass and a pencil, draw 4 3 12inch circles on each piece of paper. Turn the paper face down on the baking sheets.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites, cream of tartar, and salt on high speed until frothy. Add 23 cup of the sugar and continue beating on high speed until the egg whites form very stiff peaks. Whisk in the vanilla. Carefully fold the remaining 13 cup sugar into the meringue. With a large star  shaped pastry tip, pipe a disk of meringue inside each circle. Pipe another layer around the edge to form the sides of the shells.nBake for 2 hours, or until the meringues are dry and crisp but not browned. Turn off the heat and allow the meringues to sit in the oven for 4 hours or overnight.nFor serving, place each meringue on a separate plate and top the shell with berries.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the strawberries, raspberries, blueberries and blackberries on a sheet pan and toss with the sugar and vanilla bean seeds. Roast in the oven for 20 minutes. Cool to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [4 extra  large egg whites, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch kosher salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, divided, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Roasted Berries, recipe follows, 1 pint fresh strawberries, 2 halfpints fresh raspberries, 2 halfpints fresh blueberries, 2 halfpints fresh blackberries, 14 cup sugar, Vanilla bean, split and seeds removed], title: Meringues Chantilly with Roasted Berries, picturelink: 13gfK6sBC6u1H5c5.IVvYHl6t8Za2u}, 1705: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a stock pot on mediumhigh heat, add olive oil and sear bison until brown, about 5 minutes on each side. Pour in 2 cups water and cover with a lid. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the bison is cooked and tender, about 1 hour. Cover the bottom of large baking dish with aluminum foil. Add the tomatoes and garlic and put it in the oven to bake for 35 minutes.nRemove the baking dish from the oven and let cool. After it cools, add the tomatoes and garlic to a blender and blend until smooth. Pour the tomato mixture into the stock pot. Add the coconut milk, beef stock, salt, black pepper and cayenne pepper and let simmer over medium heat for 5 minutes. Transfer the stew to a large serving bowl or individual bowls and serve hot.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound bison, cut into medallions, 2 cups water, 12 Roma tomatoes, cored, 12 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 34 cups coconut milk, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 12 cups beef stock], title: Roasted Roma Tomato and Bison Stew, picturelink: null}, 1706: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the herbbacon oil: Combine the olive oil and herbs in a bowl.nHeat the canola oil in a large cast iron skillet over medium high heat, add the bacon and cook until crisp, about 8 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels to drain. Reserve the bacon pan drippings. Add the bacon to the herb oil, season with salt and pepper, and set aside.nFor the hash: Heat the bacon drippings in the castiron skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook about 30 seconds.nMeanwhile, toss the sweet potatoes, Brussels sprouts and turkey in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Increase the heat to mediumhigh. Add the potato mixture, stir once to incorporate the onion and garlic, and then press firmly with a spatula against the bottom of the pan. Cook, pressing occasionally, until the bottom is browned and crispy, about 4 minutes, reducing the heat if the mixture starts to get too dark. If the mixture seems dry, add some butter around the edges.nOnce the bottom is browned and crispy, flip the hash in chunks and press again to brown some of the top side.nFor the poached eggs: While the hash is cooking, bring about 4 inches of water to a simmer in a deep skillet. Add the vinegar. Break each egg into a separate ramekin. Slip the eggs into the water and cook until the whites are set and the yolks still runny, about 4 minutes.nRight before the eggs are done, divide the hash among 4 or 6 plates. Remove each egg with a slotted spoon, blot it dry on a clean side towel, and put it on top of the hash. Drizzle each serving with some baconherb oil and serve., ingredients: [12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped fresh mixed herbs such as sage, parsley, thyme andor cilantro whatever is left from Thanksgiving dinner, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 8 ounces bacon, finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Reserved drippings from herbbacon oil, 1 cup chopped onion white or yellow or redwhatever you have left from dinner, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 large cooked sweet potatoes, peeled and diced the same size as your turkey, 2 cups cooked Brussels sprouts, coarsely chopped, 1 12 cups leftover white and dark meat turkey, diced the same size as your potatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 to 6 eggs, 2 tablespoons distilled vinegar], title: Roast Turkey, Brussel Sprout and Sweet Potato Hash with Mixed HerbBacon Oil, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 1707: {instructions: For brioche: place all ingredients except the butter in a mixer equipped with a dough hook preferably a kitchen aid k5. Mix on slow speed for 7 minutes until the dough has come together and is elastic and smooth Increase the speed of the mixer to medium and gradually add the butter in small pieces waiting for each piece to be absorbed in the dough before adding the next. This process will take at least 7 more minutes until all the butter is incorporated in the dough. When finished the dough will be very smooth, elastic, velvety and extremely soft. It is important not to add more flour to the dough, it should be extremely soft. Place dough in refrigerator overnight or for at least 6 hours. After dough has rested divide in 2 pieces and shape into logs of 8 inches long and 3 inches across. Place in a warm draft free place approximately 80 degrees and cover with a damp cloth It will take at least 2 hours for the bread to double in volume, eggwash with a mixture of whole eggs and heavy cream and bake in a 375degree oven for 50 minutes until golden brown and hollow sounding. The bread should completely cool before slicing. It would probably be best if brioche be made the night before the French toast is to be made.nFor the French toast: Blend all ingredients together, place in a low flatbottomed baking dish large enough to accommodate the whole slices of brioche. Slice brioche to 1 inch thick slices, soak in egg mixture, be sure the slices are saturated. Heat a large castiron skillet to medium heat, add 1 tablespoon of butter and cook Fench toast for about 3 minutes on either side until golden brown. Serve immediately with warm maple syrup., ingredients: [4 13 cups unbleached all purpose flour, 3 12 ounces water, 34 cup sugar, 18 ounces eggs, 1 scant tablespoon sea salt, 18 ounces sweet butter, at room temperature, 14 cup yeast, 3 eggs, 14 teaspoon of vanilla, 1 Tablespoon of sugar, 14 cup of milk], title: Brioche French Toast, picturelink: null}, 1708: {instructions: Steam shrimp in wine until they turn pink, about 3 to 5 minutes. Cook fettuccine noodles, in boiling, salted water. Drain and keep warm.nIn a saucepan, melt the butter and saute garlic until golden. Add salt and whipping cream and reduce until the consistency of a thick sauce. Add a little of the wine mixture to the sauce.nSpoon sauce over noodles and arrange 4 shrimp around each plate. Garnish with Parmesan and almonds., ingredients: [Sixteen 15count black tiger shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 cup white Zinfandel, 1 pound fettuccine, 14 cup sweet cream butter, 4 tablespoons minced garlic, Pinch salt, 2 cups whipping cream, Parmesan, Slivered almonds], title: Maries Tipsy Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 1709: {instructions: Make the filling: Melt the butter in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the apples in an even layer, then the vanilla bean, lemon zest, lemon juice, and sugar. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the apples are completely soft, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the cover, increase the heat if necessary for the apples to be bubbling vigorously, and continue cooking, stirring frequently, until any liquid has evaporated and the thickened apple mixture moves around as a mass when you stir it, about 15 minutes. It may caramelize in spots, but watch it so it doesnt get too dark.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place a round of buttered parchment paper in the bottom of a 1quart charlotte mold or ovenproof bowl with a flat bottom.nPrepare the crust: Cut about 4 slices of the bread in half to form triangles, and then cut those triangles in half. Brush 1 side of each triangle lightly with butter, and arrange them in the base of the prepared mold, butteredside down, so they completely cover the bottom. If there are any spaces, fill them in with pieces of bread that are cut to fit.nCut the remaining bread slices into 14 to 16 1inch wide strips, and trim them so they are just long enough to reach the top of the mold. Lightly brush each with clarified butter, and arrange them, butteredside out, upright along the sides of the mold to completely line it, overlapping them slightly. Set aside the extra bread strips.nRemove the vanilla bean from the apples and discard it. Spoon the apple mixture into the mold. The apples may mound above the edge of the mold they will sink during cooking. Completely cover the apple filling with any remaining pieces of bread, cut to fit, butteredside out.nPlace the charlotte mold on a baking sheet, and bake it on the center rack of the oven for 15 minutes. Then reduce the heat to 350 degrees F, and continue baking until the bread on the top and sides is deep golden, about 35 minutes. If the top is getting too dark, cover it loosely with aluminum foil.nTransfer the charlotte mold to a wire rack and let it cool for 15 minutes. Then, place a serving plate over the top of the mold and carefully flip it over. The charlotte will slide right out. Because of its puddinglike consistency, use 2 large spoons to cut the charlotte. Serve it warm or at room temperature, with the custard sauce alongside.nCombine the milk and the vanilla bean, if using, in a mediumsized heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Scald the milk by heating it just until little bubbles form around the edge of the pan. Remove the pan from the heat, cover, and set aside to infuse for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk the egg yolks and the sugar together in a medium bowl until pale yellow and thick.nStrain the hot milk into a bowl, and discard the vanilla bean. Whisk the milk into the egg yolk mixture, add the vanilla extract, if using, and return it to the saucepan. Cook, stirring constantly, over mediumlow heat until the custard has thickened enough to coat the back of a spoon, 8 to 10 minutes. Be careful not to let the custard curdle.nImmediately transfer the custard to a bowl, to stop the cooking of the custard. Let it cool to room temperature, and then serve or cover and refrigerate. The custard will thicken in the refrigerator, and it will keep for 1 day.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 3 pounds mixed apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 18inch thick slices, 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise, 1 lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup sugar, or more, to taste, Custard Sauces, recipe follows, 8 to 10 slices firm white bread, crusts removed, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, clarified, Vanilla Custard Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups milk, 1 vanilla bean, or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 egg yolks, 14 cup sugar], title: Apple Charlotte, picturelink: null}, 1710: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 9by3inch cake pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by3inch cake pan with cooking spray.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook for 3 to 4 minutes less than the package recommends, so that it is very al dente. Drain and reserve.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, brown the beef, 5 to 8 minutes season with salt and pepper. Transfer the beef to a paper towellined plate to drain. Wipe the skillet clean with a paper towel. Heat the olive oil in the skillet over medium heat and saute the onions until translucent, 4 to 5 minutes. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the marinara, ricotta, parsley, eggs, 12 cup of the Parmesan, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Add the cooked spaghetti, beef and onions and toss to evenly coat. Transfer to the prepared pan, top with the mozzarella and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons Parmesan.nBake until the cheese is bubbling and golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes, then cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the pan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound spaghetti, 1 pound ground beef 85 percent lean, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 2 cups marinara sauce, homemade or storebought I like Raos, 12 cup wholemilk ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 large eggs, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 cup shredded mozzarella], title: Spaghetti Pie, picturelink: KAiGaCzPevHoMZ4xBslz2H1WBrLj3Ky}, 1711: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: plastic Easter egg molds and a clean egg cratenIn a large saucepan, melt the butter over low heat. Add the marshmallows and stir until melted. Remove from the heat, then add the rice cereal and stir until well coated.nTake small amounts of the mixture and fill both sides of a plastic egg, slightly overfilling one side. If the mixture is too sticky, you can spray your hands with a light cooking spray. Press a chocolate egg in the center on one side of the egg, then close the plastic egg to shape it. It should be full enough to meet with a little resistance as you close it. Gently release the rice cereal egg from the mold, decorate with your choice of sprinkles and set aside in an egg crate until set. Repeat with the remaining rice cereal mixture and chocolate eggs., ingredients: [4 tablespoons salted butter, One 10ounce package mini marshmallows, 6 cups rice cereal, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying hands, optional, 12 small chocolate Easter eggs, Assorted sprinkles, for decorating], title: Crispy Easter Eggs, picturelink: 36AXPP0zPgna36Kkev13KaThF.hCxTy}, 1712: {instructions: Combine flour, salt and pepper in a shallow dish or large plastic bag. Add pork and toss to coat.nHeat oil in a 3 to 4quart Dutch oven or heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When oil shimmers, add half of pork be sure to shake off excess flour before adding and cook until brown on all sides, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove to a plate and repeat with remaining meat.nDiscard all but about 1 tablespoon of the drippings, return pot to stove, and add onions, peppers, garlic, and oregano. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and cook, until golden, about 3 to 5 minutes.nStir in remaining ingredients and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and let simmer until meat is fork tender, about 1 12 hours. Serve., ingredients: [13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 teaspoon black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 pounds boneless pork shoulder, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 medium yellow onions, roughly chopped, 2 medium green bell peppers, roughly chopped, 2 medium cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 quart 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 ounce bottle beer preferably a lager, 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 1 medium bay leaf], title: Pork and Green Pepper Stew, picturelink: DRjjRGLma0lOJEtKASQPSbc21vuBH7W}, 1713: {instructions: Combine the anchovies, mayonnaise, sour cream, chives, parsley, tarragon, basil, shallots, lemon juice, and the 14teaspoon of salt in a blender. Puree to make a smooth dressing. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Use immediately or store, covered, in the refrigerator, for up to 2 days., ingredients: [3 anchovy filets, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes, dried, and coarsely chopped, 34 cup prepared or homemade mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley, 112 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon leaves, 34 teaspoon finely chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt plus more, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Goddess Dressing, picturelink: so2v82lLlM8keVzICBgtEGoeobh8JB.}, 1714: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 2 dozen minicupcake pans with paper liners and spray with oil spray. Sift the flours, baking powder, baking soda and salt into a bowl and set aside. In the bowl of an upright mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and shortening on medium speed, about 3 minutes. Add the sugar and vanilla and beat on medium until fluffy, 3 minutes. Scrape down the bowl and add the whole egg and egg whites, and beat until incorporated. Turn the mixer to low. Add the flour mixture, alternating with the water, in three additions, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Scrape down the bowl, then mix on low. Using a small ice cream scoop, fill the prepared pans threequarters of the way full with batter and bake until baked through, about 9 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely. Set aside for assembly.nFor the buttercream: To melt the chocolate, place it in a double boiler over simmering water on low heat for 5 to 10 minutes. Stir occasionally until completely smooth and no pieces of chocolate remain. Remove from the heat and let cool until lukewarm, 5 to 15 minutes.nIn a medium heavybottomed pot, whisk the sugar and flour together. Add the halfandhalf and milk and cook over medium heat, whisking occasionally, until the mixture comes to a boil and has thickened, about 20 minutes. Transfer the mixture to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat on high speed until cool. Reduce the speed to low and add the butter mix until thoroughly incorporated. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until the frosting is light and fluffy. Add the vanilla and white chocolate and continue mixing until combined. If the frosting is too soft, put the bowl in the refrigerator to chill slightly, and then beat until it is the proper consistency. If the frosting is too firm, set the bowl over a pot of simmering water and beat with a wooden spoon until it is the proper consistency.nFor the meringue: Place the sugar, cream soda, corn syrup, salt and egg whites in the top of a double boiler. Beat with a handheld electric mixer for 1 minute. Place the pan over boiling water, being sure that the boiling water does not touch the bottom of the top pan. If this happens, it could cause your frosting to become grainy. Beat constantly on high speed with electric mixer for 7 minutes. Beat in the vanilla.nFor the popcorn: Heat the oil in a 3quart saucepan on mediumhigh heat. Put 3 popcorn kernels into the oil and cover the pan. When the kernels pop, add the rest of the popcorn kernels in an even layer. Cover, remove from the heat and count 30 seconds. Return the pan to the heat. The popcorn should begin popping soon, and all at once. Once the popping starts in earnest, gently shake the pan by moving it back and forth over the burner. Try to keep the lid slightly ajar to let the steam from the popcorn release the popcorn will be drier and crisper. Once the popping slows to several seconds between pops, remove the pan from the heat, remove the lid and dump the popcorn immediately into a wide bowl. If you are adding butter, you can easily melt the butter in the microwave for 30 seconds. Then, toss the popcorn in the butter and add salt to taste.nFor the idol envelopes: With the edible ink marker, print on the white fondant paper the words the winner is in 1inch squares. With scissors, cut out the squares and reserve to the side for assembly. Measure the red fondant with a ruler into 1inch squares trace and cut. With the marker, draw a triangle from the top left corner to the center to the top right corner to give the appearance of a fold in an envelope. With a moist paper towel, wet the back of the red square without the marked fold. Then stick the white square to the red square with the writing facing out.nTo assemble: Fill each cupcake with the buttercream. Generously frost the top of each cupcake with Swiss meringue. Adorn with freshly popped popcorn and an idol envelope., ingredients: [Nonstick oil spray, 2 12 cups cake flour, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 stick butter, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 1 34 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 12 cups water, 6 ounces white chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 12 cups sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 13 cups lowfat milk, 3 sticks salted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 13 cups sugar, 13 cup cream soda, 3 tablespoons corn syrup, 18 teaspoon salt, 3 egg whites, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons oil, 13 cup popcorn kernels, 2 tablespoons butter or more, optional, Salt, such as grated Himalayan, 1 black edible ink markers, 1 sheet red fondant paper found at cake supply stores, 1 sheet white fondant paper found at cake supply stores], title: Matinee Idol Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 1715: {instructions: Shake Amaretto, Kahula and milk in a shaking tin and pour over ice cream in oldfashioned glass and garnish with a Maraschino cherry., ingredients: [1 12 ounces Amaretto, 1ounce Kahlua, 2 ounces milk, 1 scoop Godiva white chocolate ice cream], title: Toasted Almond Supreme, picturelink: null}, 1716: {instructions: Special equipment: six 6inch pie tinsnFor the pie crust: Pulse the flour, confectioners sugar and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse until a coarse meal forms. Drizzle in the yolk and pulse until the mixture reaches a cornmeallike consistency. Remove from the processor and gently divide the dough among six 6inch pie tins. Gently press the dough into the tins and up against the edges. Poke the bottom of the crusts a few times with a fork. Butter 6 squares of aluminum foil large enough to cover the pie crusts and press one, butterside down, into each crust. Freeze until hard, 20 to 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSpread the coconut on a baking sheet and toast in the oven, tossing once, until toasted, about 3 12 minutes.nBake the pie crusts in the oven until the edges are golden, about 15 minutes. Allow to cool and then carefully remove and discard the foil. Set the pie crusts aside until ready to fill.nFor the coconut pastry cream: Bring the coconut milk and cream of coconut to a simmer in a medium saucepan.nAdd the sugar and cornstarch to the bowl of a stand mixer with a whisk attachment. Whisk until combined, then add the egg and yolks and whisk on high speed until the mixture reaches a pale yellow color and it drops down like ribbons when you lift the whisk.nAdd a couple of ladlefuls of the hot coconut milk mixture to the egg mixture and whisk to temper the eggs, then pour all of the egg mixture into the coconut milk saucepan and return to medium heat. Whisk vigorously and constantly until the custard starts to boil and thicken.nPlace a bowl over an ice bath and strain the pastry cream into the bowl to remove any lumps. Place a layer of plastic wrap on the surface of the pastry cream to prevent a skin from forming. Refrigerate over the ice bath until cool and firm, 15 to 20 minutes.nWhip the heavy cream in a medium bowl until it reaches stiff peaks, refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the salted lime caramel: Add the sugar to a medium saucepan. Pour 14 cup of water and squeeze the lime juice over the sugar, swirling the pan to fully moisten. Cook over mediumheat until bubbling and deep amber in color, 15 to 20 minutes. Turn off the heat, carefully whisk in the cream. Whisk in the butter piece by piece. Finish with a sprinkling of fleur de sel.nFor the candied key lime slices: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat. Make a simple syrup: Heat the sugar and 1 cup of water in a small saucepan until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and let cool.nSlice the key limes into 116inch slices with a mandolin. Brush the slices with the simple syrup and place in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet making sure they do not overlap. Bake for 30 minutes. Allow to cool before using.nFor serving: Whisk the coconut custard until it is light and smooth. Gently fold in the whipped cream. Spoon the mixture into the pie crusts. Top with the toasted coconut flakes. Place a spoonful of the salted lime caramel on each plate and place a pie on it. Drizzle with more salted lime caramel and garnish with a candied key lime slice., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup confectioners sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted cultured butter, chilled and cubed, plus more at room temperature for greasing the foil, 1 egg yolk, 2 cups sweetened coconut flakes, 2 cups coconut milk, 3 ounces cream of coconut, such as Coco Lopez, whisked before measuring to eliminate lumps, 13 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 egg plus 4 egg yolks, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 lime, juiced, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into 4 pieces, Fleur de sel, for sprinkling, 2 key limes, 1 cup granulated sugar], title: Coconut Cream Pie with Salted Lime Caramel, picturelink: HJeRBi1sXFYKN7VgGBoEI81gdBfwa}, 1717: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nCombine the turkey, pickled jalapeno, pickled jalapeno juice, fresh jalapeno, pasilla, potato, cilantro and salt in a mixing bowl and fold together. Add the beaten egg and evenly mix into the fritter mixture. Evenly sprinkle the flour over and combine to mix in.nForm into 4 patties.nHeat the olive oil in an ovenproof frying pan over mediumhigh heat and place the fritters in the pan. Cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes, and then flip. Place the frying pan with the fritters in the oven to finish, 4 to 5 minutes.nServe with Chipotle Mayonnaise.nCombine the mayonnaise, cilantro, chipotle, salt and lime zest and juice in a food processor and mix for 2 minutes. Let stand for 20 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup pickled jalapeno, roughly chopped, 2 cups shredded turkey meat, 1 tablespoon pickled jalapeno juice, 1 fresh jalapeno, finely minced, 1 pasilla chile, julienned, 1 russet potato, shredded, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon cooking olive oil, Chipotle Mayonnaise, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon chipotle in adobe, 1 teaspoon salt, Zest and juice of 1 lime], title: Turkey Fritters, picturelink: 1rNLjKLmU.B5B.0.LGPZMQKOg3WQnTq}, 1718: {instructions: Trim veal or chicken and pork of excess fat and tendons. Skin fatback. Cut into 1 inch cubes and pass through largest hole of a meat grinder. Transfer to a large bowl. Stir in salt, pepper, and applejack. Cover with plastic wrap touching the mixture and refrigerate at least 1 day or as long as 3.nAfter marinating, heat oil in a medium skillet over high heat. Saute livers until well browned, about 1 minute per side. Remove from pan and set aside to cool. Add garlic and cook about 12 minute, being careful not to let it color. Reserve garlic with liver.nAdd brandy and bay leaves to same skillet. Scrape bottom of pan to loosen brown bits and cook over low heat until warm, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool and remove and discard bay leaves.nDip white bread in warm water to soften. Squeeze out excess moisture. Add to the liver and garlic along with 2 cups marinated ground meat, allspice, nutmeg, and brandy. Stir to combine.nTransfer to a food processor, add eggs, and puree until a smooth paste is formed. This paste will bind the pate. Place puree in a large bowl, add remaining ground meat, and combine well. We recommend using your hands, not a spoon, to combine this dense mixture.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nLine a 9 by 5 by 3 inch glass or ceramic loaf pan with bacon slices so they overhang lengthwise, about 3 inches on each end. Slice ham and tongue into 4 by 12 by 12 inch julienne strips.nSpread about a cup of pate evenly over the bacon to cover the bottom. Arrange alternating strips of ham and tongue lengthwise, over the pate. Repeat this procedure, alternating pate with stripsnof ham and tongue, until pan is filled and top layer is pate. When the loaf is sliced you will see a regular pattern of solids and pate. Fold overhanging bacon over the top. The pate may rise slightly over the top of the pan. Thats OK.nTap pan against a counter to firmly pack. Garnish top with bay leaves and garlic cloves. Cover with 2 layers aluminum foil, tucking edges under to completely seal. Place inside a larger pan and pour in boiling water until it rises halfway up the sides of the pate. Bake 2 hours 15 minutes. Set aside to cool.nPlace cooled pate on a baking sheet and cover with another baking sheet. Top with some 3 pounds of weights canned goods or milk cartons are good and refrigerate overnight or as long as 2 weeks. This compacts the pate and makes it easier to slice.nTo serve, remove and discard the bay leaf and garlic garnish. To loosen, dip pans bottom in warm water and run a knife along inside edges. Invert onto a serving platter. Cut into 12 inch slices and serve on lettuce leaves., ingredients: [1 pound plus 1ounce lean veal or chicken, 8 ounces lean pork, 14 ounces fatback, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 12 cup applejack, calvados, or brandy, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 ounces chicken livers, trimmed, 1 tablespoon pureed garlic, 14 cup brandy, 2 12 bay leaves, 1 slice dayold white bread, crusts removed, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 3 small eggs, 12 pound bacon, sliced, 14 pound baked ham, 14 pound pickled tongue, 4 bay leaves for garnish, 5 garlic cloves, peeled], title: King of Country Pate, picturelink: null}, 1719: {instructions: Place all of the grilled vegetables on a platter and drizzle with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Scatter the olives around the platter. Brush the bread with olive oil on both sides and grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove the bread from the grill and immediately spread with the softened Gorgonzola., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, grilled, peeled and cut into 18, 2 yellow bell peppers, grilled, peeled and cut into 18, 12 pound asparagus, trimmed and grilled, 2 small eggplants, halved and grilled, 4 plum tomatoes, halved and grilled, Olive oil, Balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Assorted olives, 8 slices Italian bread, cut into 14inch thick slices, 12 pound Gorgonzola, at room temperature], title: Grilled Antipasto with Gorgonzola Crostini, picturelink: null}, 1720: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork or whisk.nUnfold 1 pastry sheet on a baking sheet. Spread the pie filling on the pastry to within 1 inch of the edge. Brush the edges with the egg mixture. Unfold the remaining pastry sheet and place over the filling. Crimp the edges with a fork to seal. Brush with the egg mixture. Cut several slits in the top of the pastry.nBake for 30 minutes or until the pastry is golden brown. Cool the pastry on the baking sheet on a wire rack for 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 package 17.3 ounces Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets, thawed, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 1 can 21 ounces fruit pie filling, any variety], title: No Fuss Fruit Pie, picturelink: null}, 1721: {instructions: Pour the tequila, cranberry juice, and lime juice over ice and shake well. Pour, with a strainer over the shaker, into a chilled 7 ounce stemmed wine glass. Splash with Grand Marnier and place the lime slice on top, ingredients: [2 ounces Gold Tequila, 3 ounces cranberry juice, 1 ounce freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 ounces Grand Marnier, 2 slices lime], title: Rosy Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 1722: {instructions: Slowly cook 6 cups milk, sugar and vanilla bean to a caramel stage. You must constantly stir or it will burn. Deglaze with remaining 4 cups milk and cream, and boil for 1 minute. Cool. When cold add the 1 12 cups of raw milk. Strain, chill and pour into an ice cream maker and process for about 7 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [6 cups milk, plus 4 cups milk, plus 1 12 cups milk, for finishing, 36 ounces sugar, 3 vanilla beans, 4 cups heavy cream], title: Dulce de Leche, picturelink: null}, 1723: {instructions: In a large saucepan simmer tomatoes in broth 6 minutes. In a blender puree tomato mixture with yogurt in small batches until smooth and season with salt and pepper. Cool soup completely. Chill soup, covered, until cold, about 2 hours.nSeason soup with salt and pepper and top with bell pepper and dill. Garnish soup with feta, ingredients: [3 pounds green tomatoes, seeded and chopped about 6 cups, 2 cups chicken broth, 14 cup plain yogurt, 1 small red bell pepper, cut into matchsticks, 14 cup packed fresh dill sprigs tough stems discarded, washed well, spun dry, and chopped, Garnish: Crumbled feta], title: Cold Turkish Green Tomato Soup, picturelink: null}, 1724: {instructions: Put an inverted baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat to 400 degrees F. Divide the pizza dough in half. Press and stretch 1 piece into an 8by10inch rectangle on an oiled surface using oiled hands brush with 2 teaspoons olive oil.nLayer 1 cup spinach, half each of the artichokes, salami and provolone and 12 tablespoon parmesan on the dough, leaving a 1inch border on the short sides and a 2inch border on the long sides. Fold in the short sides, then the long sides, stretching to cover the filling pinch at the seam. Repeat to make a second stromboli.nArrange the stromboli seamside down, 2 to 3 inches apart, on a piece of parchment slide onto another inverted baking sheet. Cut a few slits into the tops and brush each with 2 teaspoons olive oil sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon parmesan. Slide the stromboli on the parchment onto the hot baking sheet. Bake until the crust is golden brown, about 25 minutes. Cool slightly.nToast the walnuts in a dry skillet over medium heat, 5 minutes cool. Toss the celery, the remaining 4 cups spinach and 2 tablespoons olive oil, the lemon juice and walnuts in a large bowl season with salt and pepper. Cut each stromboli in half and serve with the salad.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for stretching, 6 cups lightly packed baby spinach about 5 ounces, 12 cup chopped marinated artichoke hearts, drained, 4 ounces thinly sliced Genoa salami, 4 ounces thinly sliced provolone cheese, 2 tablespoons shredded parmesan cheese, 13 cup chopped walnuts, 4 stalks celery with leaves, thinly sliced, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: ArtichokeSalami Stromboli, picturelink: kyWYO8WbGUzeoDgjvZT1Cbzqb94KKc2}, 1725: {instructions: For the dressing, churn all ingredients in food processor or electric blender until smooth or whisk in small bowl until creamy set aside. For the salad, place romaine, croutons, and eggs in very large salad bowl, add dressing, and toss well. Add cheese curls, toss lightly, and serve., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, halved finely minced if whisking dressing by hand, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup thawed frozen egg product, 1 mediumsize lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 10ounce package hearts of romaine salad mix, washed and spun dry, or 9 to 10 cups broken romaine leaves, 3 cups plain croutons, 2 hardcooked extralarge eggs, peeled and finely chopped, 2 cups Parmesan curls measure loosely packed], title: PumpedUp Caesar Salad, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 1726: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRub salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon in 2quart shallow baking dish. Drizzle with olive oil. Bake for 15 minutes or until fish flakes easily with fork. Whisk balsamic vinegar, cornstarch, orange juice and brown sugar in medium saucepan. Add chicken broth and heat to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer, stirring until the mixture thickens. Arrange salmon on serving platter and serve with sauce. Serve over hot white rice, if desired., ingredients: [8 salmon fillets, 34inch thick, about 1 12 pounds total, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 14ounce can seasoned chicken broth], title: Citrus Balsamic Glazed Salmon, picturelink: null}, 1727: {instructions: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCook bacon in a 10inch heavy ovenproof skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until browned and crisp, about 8 minutes. Transfer bacon with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain, reserving fat in skillet.nWhile bacon is browning, pat chicken dry and season with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Brown chicken in fat in skillet over moderately high heat, turning over once, about 8 minutes total, then transfer chicken with tongs to paper towels to drain.nPour off all but 3 tablespoons fat from skillet and reduce heat to moderate. Cook onions in skillet with 14 teaspoon salt, stirring and scraping up any brown bits, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Stir tomatoes and juice into onions and boil, uncovered, 3 minutes, to concentrate juices slightly. Stir in bacon and beans and bring to a simmer. Nestle chicken, skin side up, in beans and bake, uncovered, until chicken is cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [6 bacon slices 14pound total, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 large chicken thighs with skin and bone 1 12 pounds total, 12 teaspoon, plus 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 12 cups, 1 15 to 16ounce can stewed tomatoes including juice, 2 15 to 16ounce cans small white beans, rinsed and drained], title: Baked Chicken with White Beans and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 1728: {instructions: Special equipment: a tropical drink umbrella, straws, hurricane glasses or fun equivalent, cocktail shakernPreheat the oven to broil.nPour the sugar in a shallow bowl and dip the orange slices and pineapple wedges, coating one side of each with the sugar. Transfer the fruit to a sheet tray, sugaredside up, and place under the broiler to caramelize, about 5 minutes.nFill a cocktail shaker with ice and pour in the orange juice, pineapple juice and rum. Cover and shake. Strain into an icefilled hurricane glass. Garnish with a caramelized orange slice, pineapple wedge, cinnamon stick and umbrella. Reserve the remaining fruit for snacking or more drinks., ingredients: [14 cup turbinado or demerara sugar, 12 orange, sliced into half moons, 14 pineapple, cored and sliced into wedges, 4 ounces fresh orange juice, 4 ounces pineapple juice, 3 ounces Jamaican rum, 1 cinnamon stick], title: Jamaican Booty Shaker, picturelink: s2dNw0droPl7ArI8.u58i4CeFYP8cy}, 1729: {instructions: To make the squab:nRemove the breasts and legs from the squab. Crush the garlic and bay leaves, and mix together in a large bowl with the salt. Pack the squab legs in the salt mixture and cure for 30 minutes. Rinse under cold water. Put the legs and duck fat in a saucepan, bring to a simmer, and cook until tender. Remove from the fat and let cool.nPut the tea and butter in a food processor and process to combine. Place the duck breasts in a ziptop bag with the butter mixture.nTo make the cherries:nIn a small pot, bring the port to a boil and cook until reduced by half. Pour the port over the cherries to rehydrate them. Once the cherries have plumped, strain the liquid. Return to the saucepan and reduce until syrupy.nTo make the radishes:nPut the radishes in a pot with the water and butter. Bring to a simmer and cook until tender and well glazed.nTo make the sweet tea glazed foie gras:nCut the foie gras terrine into an attractive shape. Add the gelatin to the hot sweet tea in a bowl, and use the mixture to glaze the terrine.nTo Finish:nBring a saucepan of water to 135 degrees F. Put the ziptop bag with the squab breasts in the water, and poach until medium rare do not cook above 140 degrees F. Remove the breasts from the bag. Roast them, skin side down, until crispy.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 whole squabs, 4 cloves garlic, 4 bay leaves, 2 cups salt, 4 cups duck fat, 14 cups brewed Darjeeling tea, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 10 ounces ruby port, 13 cup dried cherries, 1 bunch baby radishes, tops reserved for garnish, 1 cup water, 3 12 tablespoons butter, 3 12 ounces foie gras terrine, 3 sheets gelatin, bloomed, 1 cup hot sweet tea], title: Squab with Cherries and Foie Gras, picturelink: null}, 1730: {instructions: Bring some water to a simmer in a medium pot and set a steamer insert over it. Prepare an ice water bath. Add the broccoli to the steamer insert, cover and steam until al dente, about 5 minutes. Carefully remove the broccoli and plunge into the icy water. Let cool completely before removing it from the water. Pat dry and then set aside.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the oil and heat until shimmering but not smoking. Add the broccoli, salt, garlic powder and red pepper flakes and saute until the broccoli is soft and brown around the edges, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the lemon zest and juice., ingredients: [12 ounces broccoli florets from about 1 medium head, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 lemon, zested and juiced], title: Broccoli Saute, picturelink: Xem.7RcJDLY4FHMF9rlmu0zfrbTDi}, 1731: {instructions: Special equipment: Clear shot glassesnMake the Granite: Combine all ingredients and season with salt, to taste. Pour into a shallow container and place in the freezer. Run a fork through the granite every 30 to 45 minutes, while it is freezing, to obtain a nice, granular texture.nMake the Lobster Salad: Fold all of the ingredients together and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep refrigerated until ready to assemble.nTo assemble the hors d oeuvres, fill up the shot glasses 34 of the way with the lobster salad, top with the granite, and serve with cocktail forks., ingredients: [2 cups tomatovegetable juice, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 tablespoons lemonflavored vodka, 1 teaspoon horseradish freshly grated or prepared, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 shakes hot sauce, Salt, 12 pound cooked and chopped lobster meat, 4 tablespoons good quality, fruity olive oil, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 3 tablespoons chopped chives, Salt and freshly ground white pepper], title: Lobster Salad with Bloody Mary Granite, picturelink: aEiudydP9OJcfBFtpSG11iMIUUA1aOe}, 1732: {instructions: In a bowl toss together the potatoes, quartered, the shallots, 4 tablespoons of the oil, the bay leaf, the dried thyme, the garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste. Spread the vegetables in an oiled large roasting pan and roast them in the middle of a preheated 375 degree F oven, shaking the pan every 5 to 10 minutes, for 25 minutes.nIn a bowl toss the squash with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and salt and pepper to taste and add it to the pan. Roast the vegetables, shaking the pan occasionally, for 10 to 20 minutes more, or until they are tender. Discard the bay leaf and garnish the vegetables with the thyme sprigs., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small red potatoes, 1 pound shallots about 24, peeled and trimmed, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 bay leaf, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 4 garlic cloves, crushed, 2 pounds butternut squash, peeled and cut into 34inch pieces about 4 cups, Fresh thyme sprigs, for garnish, if desired], title: Roasted Autumn Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 1733: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F and preheat a pizza stone or inverted baking sheet.nIn a medium bowl combine the ricotta, Parmesan, chopped rosemary, red pepper flakes and garlic season with 12 teaspoon of salt and set aside.nDivide the pizza dough into 4 equal rounds each round should be 4 ounces and about 3inches in diameter. Divide each round into 2 circles, one 2inches wide for the body and the other 1inch wide for the head. On a lightly floured surface, use a rolling pin to roll each ball of dough out to 14inch thick. If a ball of dough becomes too stiff while rolling, cover it with plastic wrap and allow it to rest while working on the other balls of dough. After 4 or 5 minutes it will become more flexible, stretchier and easier to roll.nLine two baking sheets with parchment. Place two large circles of dough on each piece of parchment, and overlap each large circle with a smaller circle of dough to form heads. Brush the dough with the olive oil and pierce the dough with a fork to prevent bubbles from forming, then bake until the crust begins to brown and is almost completely cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes.nRemove the pizzas from the oven and spread the ricotta mixture on top of the snowmen leaving a 14inch border, then top with the torn mozzarella. Cut the orange pepper into four elongated triangles about 2inches long to form noses place each on a snowman face. Use 2 olive slices on each face for eyes, 5 olive slices for a smile and 3 olive slices for buttons.nSlide a pizza onto the hot stone or baking sheet and continue baking until the cheese has just melted, about 3 minutes more. Transfer to a cutting board place a sprig of rosemary by each snowmans right hand to form a broom. Repeat with the remaining snowmen. Serve while hot., ingredients: [34 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan about 1 ounce, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, plus 4 whole sprigs, 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic, grated, Kosher salt, 1 pound storebought pizza dough, at room temperature, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces about 1 cup torn fresh mozzarella, 1 jarred roasted orange pepper or orange peppadew, 40 slices pitted black olives 10 slices per pizza, about 13 cup], title: Snowman Personal Pizzas, picturelink: rYsNcz0o8Hm5cNBi70syhIKm2tYWTO}, 1734: {instructions: Fill a large platter with crushed ice. Place the seafood and lemons artfully on top of the ice. Serve with the sauces.nCombine all the ingredients and serve with the seafood.nPlace the shallots, vinegar, and sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook uncovered for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and allow to cool to room temperature. Add the pepper and herbs and serve with the raw oysters., ingredients: [Crushed ice, 16 raw oysters on the half shell, 16 raw littleneck clams on the half shell, 3 1 12 pounds each cooked lobsters, cut in 12, 16 cooked jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, with tails on, 2 cooked blue claw crabs, Lemons, halved, Mustard Sauce, recipe follows, Mignonette Sauce, recipe follows, 1 14 cups good mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 shallots, minced, 34 cup good Champagne vinegar or white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh green herbs such as parsley, dill, andor chives], title: Seafood Platter, picturelink: IAOjU58OmSLph.F9V.IrCNhbMrxwGmG}, 1735: {instructions: Put the chopped green peppers, chopped celery and butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Cover and saute for 20 minutes, stirring several times during the cooking.nChunk the ground beef with your hands and put it into a frying pan over medium heat.nAdd the chopped onions, and season with the salt and pepper, to taste. Cook until the meat has browned and is fully cooked, about 12 hour. In a large soup pot or kettle, add the beef and onions, celery and peppers, the chili powder, diced tomatoes with juice, chili sauce, kidney beans with all the juice, the 14 cup salt and 14 cup of pepper. Stir to combine, then bring to a boil over medium heat. Lower the heat, cover, and simmer the chili for 45 minutes.nIt will lose its chunkiness and mellow in flavor the longer you cook it. Keep it on all day, if you like, stirring it from time to time.nServe in a large bowl garnished with grated Cheddar and freshly chopped onions. Add your favorite pepper sauce for some heat., ingredients: [6 to 7 large fresh green bell peppers, seeded and chopped, 3 large ribs fresh celery, chopped, 12 pound butter, 10 pounds fresh choice ground beef, 5 pounds fresh sweet yellow onions, chopped 6 to 8 jumbo, plus more for serving, 14 cup salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 cup ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 13 cup chili powder, 1 gallon premium diced tomatoes in juice, 1 gallon chili sauce, 2 gallons dark red kidney beans with juice, Freshly grated Cheddar, Hot pepper sauce of choice], title: Gordys Fresh Homemade Chili, picturelink: null}, 1736: {instructions: Whisk the eggs, egg yolk and sugar in a bowl until combined. Heat the milk and 12 cup heavy cream in a medium saucepan over medium heat until steaming do not boil. Remove from the heat. Whisk 1 cup of the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture, then whisk the egg mixture back into the saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the mixture is thick enough to coat the back of the spoon and a thermometer registers 165 degrees F, about 5 minutes. Do not boil or the eggs will curdle.nStrain the mixture through a finemesh sieve into a medium bowl and stir in the vanilla and nutmeg. Let cool at room temperature, about 1 hour. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours or up to 1 week.nWhisk the remaining 12 cup heavy cream in a large bowl until stiff peaks form. Slowly whisk in the chilled eggnog mixture, then whisk in the rum. Pour into glasses, sprinkle with nutmeg and serve with cinnamon sticks.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 large eggs plus 1 egg yolk, 12 cup sugar, 2 12 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, plus more for topping, 12 cup cold rum or brandy optional, Cinnamon sticks, for serving], title: Classic Eggnog, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 1737: {instructions: In a large, widemouthed pot over medium heat, add the bacon right away and cook evenly, stirring often, until it just begins to crisp. Add the onions and the garlic. Cook this until it becomes aromatic and softens up a bit. Add the rice and stir to coat the rice in rendered bacon fat and cook for about 1 minute, continually stirring. Pour in the wine and stir until its absorbed by the rice. Using a large ladle, add the hot stock in a ladleful at a time, just covering the rice and stirring until the stock gets absorbed by the rice. When rice absorbs the stock, add another ladleful. Continue until the rice starts to look creamy as the liquid is reducing down, about 18 to 20 minutes total. Taste the rice. The grains should be cooked through with some bite left. Add in the ranch dressing, cream, herbs, and blue cheese. Stirring a lot over medium heat, allow all the ingredients to meld together and then pull into a thicker texture. The more you stir the better the results. After the rice becomes a creamy mixture, taste, and season with salt, and pepper, if needed. Transfer the risotto to a large shallow bowl, top with a sprinkling of chopped tomato, and serve hot., ingredients: [4 slices good quality bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 yellow onion, diced small, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 cups Arborio rice, 34 cup dry white wine, 4 cups chicken stock, heated, 12 cup ranch dressing, 4 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 6ounces Maytag blue cheese about 1 12 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped tomato, for garnish], title: Ranch Risotto, picturelink: Fm8u.H.ZuCqShOG9e9xc3pdp7pMxN6}, 1738: {instructions: In a pot of boiling water, cook the carrots for a few minutes until fork tender.nPut the carrots into a bowl, along with a few tablespoons of water from the pot. Add the Parmigiano cheese, extravirgin olive oil and mash carrots with the back of a fork. Let cool to room temperature before serving to babies or big babies., ingredients: [2 fresh carrots, cleaned, peeled, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese], title: Tommasos Baby Carrots, picturelink: null}, 1739: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut each pita bread in quarters and each quarter in half to make 8 triangles. Place them in a single layer on a sheet pan and sprinkle lightly with olive oil, salt and pepper. Bake for about 10 minutes, until crisp, turning once., ingredients: [1 package pita bread, Olive Oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Toasted Pita Chips, picturelink: vWpcSLVgDO42ffBJuHawo6Z8HVtWK6}, 1740: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 12inch Bundt pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nOn a floured surface, unroll each tube of dough and separate along the perforations. Mound 1 teaspoon of the almond filling in the center of a dough triangle, top with 2 teaspoons chocolate chips and fold the sides over to make a package. Roll it in your hand to seal. Repeat with the rest of the dough, almond filling and chocolate chips.nBrush a liberal amount of butter all over the inside of a 12inch Bundt pan.nMix together the granulated sugar, cinnamon and salt in a shallow bowl. Dip each dough ball in melted butter, then roll in the cinnamonsugar mixture. Place in the prepared pan. Cover with foil and bake for 35 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until golden brown, an additional 10 to 15 minutes let cool slightly.nWhile still warm, take a knife or offset spatula and carefully separate the sides of the cake from the pan. Turn it over and turn out onto a serving dish. Drizzle with the Cream Cheese Drizzle and sprinkle with crushed almonds.nWhisk together the confectioners sugar, cream cheese, almond extract and 2 tablespoons milk in a bowl until very smooth. If the mixture needs to be looser, add an additional 1 tablespoon milk., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for flouring the work surface, 3 tubes crescent roll dough, One 10ounce can almond filling, 1 cup dark chocolate chips, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 teaspoon table salt, Cream Cheese Drizzle, recipe follows, 1 cup toasted, salted almonds, crushed, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 2 to 3 tablespoons whole milk], title: Cinnamon Almond Dark Chocolate Monkey Bread with Cream Cheese Drizzle, picturelink: omKUqlHK7Cddvt2ZiMxkPtIEfaMCAxO}, 1741: {instructions: In a large heavy bottomed saucepot over mediumhigh heat, combine the Basic Tomato Sauce, ketchup, mustard, Worcestershire, sugar, ale, and hot sauce and bring to a simmer. Simmer until reduced by half and thickened, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, season the chicken pieces with salt and black pepper. Heat a large oven proof skillet over high heat and add the vegetable oil. Sear the chicken pieces on all sides until wellbrowned, about 3 minutes per side.nAdd the prepared BBQ sauce making sure to cover all the chicken pieces. Add 1 cup of water if more liquid is needed to cover. Place the skillet into the oven and bake until the chicken easily falls off the bone and the sauce is slightly thickened and caramelized on top, about 25 to 30 minutes. Serve hot or serve cold as leftovers.nIn a large heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven, heat the olive oil over medium heat.nAdd the garlic and cook until fragrant but not browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, bring to a simmer, and cook until thickened slightly, about 15 minutes. Stir in sugar, and season with salt, to taste.nLet extra sauce cool completely and then seal in airtight containers. Refrigerate for up 1 week and freeze for up to 1 month., ingredients: [6 cups Basic Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup ketchup, 2 to 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 12ounce bottle dark ale, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, about 8 dashes, 2 pounds chicken pieces, bonein and skinon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Preheat oven to 400 degrees F., 5 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for garnish, 12 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 6 28ounce cans chopped tomatoes, 2 12 teaspoons sugar, Kosher salt], title: Chicken Simmered in BBQ Sauce, picturelink: 2WrEEMgKju2t8RMn2NN1B3kHkXqvF2a}, 1742: {instructions: In a large soup pot or Dutch oven, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the pepper flakes and cook for 15 seconds. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in the tomato paste and cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes one at a time, crushing them by hand as you go. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste. Simmer the sauce over low heat, covered. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef, pork, veal, savory, thyme, oregano, and fennel seeds. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and pepper. Break up the meat with a wooden spoon, and cook until it loses its raw color, about 7 minutes. Add the meat to the sauce, holding back any excess fat. Add the rind of the Parmesan, if using. Simmer the sauce, covered, over low heat, for 1 12 hours. If the sauce gets too thick adjust the consistency with water. Taste and season with salt and pepper to taste. Just before serving, remove the Parmesan rind and add the grated cheese. Cooks Note: 3 to 4 cups of this sauce will dress 1 pound of pasta, like spaghetti or rigatoni. It is also perfect for lasagna. This sauce freezes very well.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, GP. All rights reserved, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 large onion, diced, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup Italian tomato paste, Four 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, with liquid, 2 teaspoons Kosher salt plus to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound ground beef, 12 pound ground veal, 12 pound ground pork, 1 tablespoon dried savory or rosemary, crumbled into small pieces, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, cracked, 2 bay leaves, Rind of Parmesan, about 2 to 4inches long optional, 12 to 1 cup grated Parmesan], title: Meat and Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1743: {instructions: Place paprika, reduced orange juice, vinegar and mustard in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F. Brush fish with olive oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper to taste. Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in 2 medium saute pans over high heat. Saute each fish on one side until lightly golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn over and place in the oven and continue cooking for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove and serve each person 1 whole fish drizzled with vinaigrette.nPreheat oven 400 degrees F. Rub beets with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and wrap separately in aluminum foil. Place beets on a baking sheet and let roast for 1 hour or until tender. Remove from foil and let cool slightly. Peel and cut into 1inch dice. Whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, tarragon, and honey and season with salt and pepper. Arrange the greens on a platter, top with beets, goat cheese and drizzle with lemon vinaigrette. Sprinkle with pine nuts., ingredients: [2 tablespoons paprika, toasted in a dry pan over high heat for 1 minute, 4 cups fresh orange juice, reduced to 14 cup, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 1 pound whole striped bass, cleaned and scaled, Olive oil, 2 large red beets, trimmed of all but 1inch of greens, 2 large yellow beets, trimmed of all but 1inch of greens, 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoons finely chopped tarragon, 1 teaspoon honey, 4 cups mesclun, washed and dried, 8 ounces soft goat cheese, crumbled, 14 cup toasted pine nuts], title: Pan Roasted Whole Bass with Toasted Paprika Orange Vinaigrette with Roasted Beets, Goat Cheese and LemonTarragon, picturelink: null}, 1744: {instructions: 1. Cook sausage, onion and chili powder in large saucepan over medium heat 45 minutes or until onion is tender.n2. Stir in water, beans, corn, tomato sauce and picante sauce. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow simmer 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.n3. Ladle into bowls. Add toppings, if desired., ingredients: [1 pkg. Jimmy Deanu00ae Original Hearty Pork Sausage Crumbles, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 112 cups water, 1 can 15.5 ounces kidney beans, rinsed, drained, 1 can 1514 ounces whole kernel corn, drained, 1 can 15 ounces tomato sauce, 23 cup picante sauce or salsa, Optional Toppings, Shredded cheddar cheese, Sour cream, Chopped cilantro], title: SausageCorn Chili, picturelink: 8U9psDdRrgL0lS1piYtFy4s5qQg5ySO}, 1745: {instructions: Combine the beef broth, ginger, star anise, garlic, chili peppers, dark soy, salt and pepper in a pot large enough to hold the beef. Bring the broth to a boil and reduce to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes.nSeason the beef with salt and pepper and add to the simmering broth. Return to the boil and reduce to a slow simmer and cook for 20 minutes.nWhen the beef has reached medium rare, 135 degrees on a food probe, remove the beef to a platter and cool slightly before serving sliced.nWhile the beef is cooling, strain the seasoning out of the broth, return the broth to the fire and add the carrot and celery to the broth. Simmer the broth for 10 minutes and serve with the sliced beef. Serve the scallions, coarse salt, chili paste, sesame oil and soy sauce as condiments., ingredients: [3 cups beef broth, 6 slices fresh ginger, 3 pieces star anise, 3 cloves garlic, 2 to 3 hot dried chili peppers, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds fillet of beef, tied to keep an even shape, 2 carrots, thinly sliced diagonally, 3 ribs celery, thinly sliced diagonally, 12 cup green scallions, thinly sliced diagonally, Hot chili paste, Coarse salt, Sesame oil, Soy sauce], title: Mongolian Fire Pot Beef Fillet, picturelink: null}, 1746: {instructions: For eggplant: Peel eggplant and slice into 8 14inch thick medallions. Place sliced eggplant into a small bowl, add cold water and salt and soak for 10 minutes. Drain and dry on a paper towel. Combine egg and milk to make an egg wash. Combine flour and Creole seasoning in a shallow bowl. Dip eggplant in egg wash and then dredge in seasoned flour. In a large skillet, add olive oil and heat. Cook eggplant until golden brown and tender. Drain on a paper towel and set aside.nFor Rice Patties: In a medium bowl add 2 cups of cooked rice, egg, garlic salt, red pepper, onion tops, and cheese. Mix well. Divide rice mixture into 4 portions and form patties. In a large skillet, add olive oil and heat. Cook rice patties until browned on each side and cheese begins to melt. Drain and set aside.nFor sauce: In a large skillet, melt 14 cup of butter, add onions, and cook until tender. Whisk in flour, Creole seasoning, garlic, and pepper, and cook for 2 minutes. Add water, halfandhalf, and whisk to mix well. Simmer for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and stir in grated cheese. Set aside.nSeason shrimp with salt and pepper. In another large skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of butter, and then saute shrimp until no longer pink. Pour in the cream sauce, fold in crab meat, and heat thoroughly.nTo serve, make a bed of rice using 14 cup of remaining rice, for each serving. Place an eggplant medallion on top of the rice bed, drizzle with sauce, top with a rice patty, drizzle with a little more sauce, and then top with another eggplant medallion. You should have 4 stacks each will have 2 eggplant medallions and 1 rice patty. Pour remaining sauce over stacks and sprinkle with chopped onion tops., ingredients: [1 medium eggplant, Cold water, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon Creole seasoning, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups mediumgrain rice, cooked in seafood stock, divided, 1 egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup chopped green onion tops, 1 cup grated Swiss cheese, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 cup minced onion, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon Creole seasoning, 12 teaspoon roasted garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 3 cups hot water, 2 cups nonfat halfandhalf, 1 cup grated Swiss cheese, 1 pound medium shrimp, cleaned and deveined, Salt and pepper, 12 pound claw crabmeat, Chopped green onion tops, for garnish], title: Festivals EggplantNRice Stacks, picturelink: null}, 1747: {}, 1748: {instructions: Heat the peanut oil in a large skillet over medium heat until it moves easily across the pan. Add the onion, carrot, celery, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, cook for 1 minute, then add the mushrooms and thyme leaves. Cook, stirring frequently, until the mushrooms are almost tender, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato, cook for about 2 minutes more, then add the stock 2 tablespoons at a time, bringing to a simmer before each addition. Simmer the bolognese until it is concentrated but not yet dry, about 30 minutes. Set aside to cool.nMoisten the polenta with 2 tablespoons of water, mixing well with your hands. Bring 4 cups of water to a boil in a saucepan over high heat. Add a pinch of salt and gradually stir in the polenta. Stirring constantly, bring the polenta to a boil, then reduce the heat to low. Cook the polenta, stirring occasionally, until it is no longer grainy, about 30 minutes. Stir the olive oil into the polenta, season with salt, and remove it from the heat.nTO ASSEMBLE: Heat the oven to 350 degrees. Spoon 12 the polenta into a medium baking dish and cover with 12 of the sauce. Spoon in the remaining polenta, spread it evenly, then sprinkle with the ParmigianoReggiano cheese. Transfer the remaining sauce to a small saucepan and reserve.nBake the gratin until the top is golden, about 40 minutes. Just before serving, warm the reserved sauce over low heat. Divide the gratin and sauce among 4 plates and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 onion, peeled and diced, 1 carrot, peeled and diced, 1 celery stalk, peeled and diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 garlic clove, peeled and minced, 12 to 34 pound mixed wild and cultivated mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed, and diced, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 tomato, seeded and diced, 1 cup chicken stock, homemade or storebought, 1 cup polenta, 4 cups water, Kosher salt, to taste, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 3 to 4 tablespoons freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese], title: Polenta Gratin with Mushroom Bolognese, picturelink: null}, 1749: {instructions: Whisk the merlot, honey, and vanilla extract in a small saucepan until combined. Add the figs, cherries, and cinnamon stick. Bring to a simmer, partially cover, and cook until the fruit plumps, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, cover, and set aside to steep, at least 10 minutes and up to 2 hours.nDivide the frozen yogurt among 4 bowls 13 cup each and top with warm or room temperature compote. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup merlot wine, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup dried black mission figs, halved lengthwise, 14 cup dried cherries, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 13 cups fatfree vanilla frozen yogurt], title: Merlotpoached Figs with Vanilla Frozen Yogurt, picturelink: null}, 1750: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 12cup fluted pan with flour nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE cake mix, oil, water, eggs and pudding mix in a large bowl with an electric mixer at low speed until moistened. Beat 2 minutes at medium speed. Stir in chocolate chips. Pour batter into prepared pan.nBAKE 50 to 55 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan 20 minutes. Invert onto serving plate. Cool completely.nBEAT frosting, peanut butter, almond extract and milk in medium bowl with electric mixer until well combined. Spoon frosting over cooled cake. Garnish with chocolate shavings, if desired., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Flour NoStick Spray, 1 18.25 oz. box Pillsburyu00ae Devils Food Cake, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 1 14 cups water, 4 large eggs, 1 3.9 oz. package instant chocolate pudding and pie filling mix, 2 cups 12 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup Pillsburyu00ae Whipped Supreme Vanilla Frosting, 12 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 12 cup milk, Chocolate curls or shavings for garnish optional], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Nirvana Cake, picturelink: lr1u.kV2n4qv6w3f81ibLPZVpZd0.6}, 1751: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium size bowl whip the eggs and sugar until very light and fluffy. Add in the zest and gently fold in the flour. Pour the batter into a greased 10inch round cake pan and bake until golden, about 20 minutes. Remove the cake from the pan and allow to cool. Return the cake to the pan.nTo make the milk mixture, pour all of the ingredients into a medium size pot and bring to a boil.nTo assemble the cake, use a small cup and pour the hot milk mixture over the cake and allow to soak for at least 30 minutes, pressing down on the cake to make sure it is absorbing the milk mixture. To garnish the cake, whip the heavy cream and top the cake with the whipped cream. Add the berries decoratively., ingredients: [6 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 2 limes, zested, 1 cup flour, 12 cup condensed milk, 2 cups milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 lime, zested, 6 ounces heavy cream, Mixed berries], title: Tres Leches Cake, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 1752: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook on a medium heated grill, slowly, basting with appropriate marinades until cooked perfectly. Eat each meat as it finishes cooking.nChimichurri for Beef, Innards and Sausage: In a food processor, combine parsley, cloves, chile flakes, and salt and pepper. Completely puree until fine, in a serving container, add vinegar and oil.nArgentine Marinade for Chicken or Seafood: Steep saffron in lemon juice for 5 minutes. Combine all ingredients and keep covered., ingredients: [Beef tenderloin, New York strip steak, 1 per person, Chorizo, 1 link per person, Chicken, quartered, 1 quarter per person, 1 cup Italian parsley, picked, 6 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano, Pinch dried chile flakes, Salt and pepper, 14 cup malt or red wine vinegar, 1 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 cup extra virgin oil, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 1 Spanish onion, small diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup Italian parsley, chopped fine, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, Salt and pepper], title: Asado, picturelink: 4aW0XVNyUEBUsnbjg8ZmGxBgFtmdVM2}, 1753: {instructions: To make the molasses mixture: In a tall 6quart pan, bring the water and molasses to a boil. Remove from heat and stir in the baking soda. The mixture will foam up. Set aside to cool.nIn a small saucepan, bring the apricots and 1 cup of the apple cider to a boil. Remove from heat and let the apricots plump for about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13inch baking dish with vegetable oil cooking spray.nIn a medium saucepan, blend the brown sugar and cornstarch. Stir in the remaining 12 cup apple cider, the butter, cinnamon, salt, and cloves. Cook over medium heat until clear and thickened. Stir in all but 14 cup of the plumped apricots. Stir in all but 34 cup of the apples. Pour the mixture into the prepared dish set aside.nTo make the cake layer: Sift the flour, ginger, baking powder, cinnamon, cloves, allspice, pepper, and salt together into a medium bowl set aside.nIn a mixer bowl, using the mixer on high speed, cream the brown sugar and butter until light and fluffy. Add the egg, beating until creamy. On low speed, alternately blend in the dry ingredients and the molasses mixture. The batter will be thin. Stir in the reserved apricots and apples. Pour the cake batter over the fruit layer in the baking dish. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted just into the cake layer comes out clean. Let cool slightly and serve with whipped cream., ingredients: [1 12 cups water, 1 cup dark molasses, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup 6ounce package dried apricots, julienned, 1 12 cups apple cider, 34 cup packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 8 Granny Smith, Braeburn, or pippin apples, peeled, cored, and chopped, 3 14 cups flour, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg, Whipped cream, for serving], title: AppleApricotGinger Buckle, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 1754: {instructions: In a medium pot, bring sake to a boil and cook for 5 minutes.nAdd black cod, ginger slices, burdock root and mountain potato. Then add regular soy and sugar and cook with a lid right over the fillet, not over the pot. This lid must be slightly smaller than the rim of the pot so that steam can evaporate through the gap.nWhen the vegetables and black cod are cooked through, remove them from the pot and boil the sauce until thickened slightly and reduced.nAdd mirin for glazing. Then add tamari soy.nPlace the fillet on a plate, garnish it with cooked vegetables. Pour the sauce over them.nGarnish with white scallion, shredded ginger and kinome on top., ingredients: [36 ounces sake, 1 7ounce black cod fillet, 6 slices peeled ginger root, plus shredded ginger, for garnish, 3 thick pieces burdock root, 3 thick pieces Japanese mountain potato, 3 ounces regular soy sauce, Pinch Japanese premium white sugar, 1 ounce mirin, 1 ounce tamari soy sauce, White scallion, for garnish, Kinome available at Japanese markets, watercress or mint leaves could be substituted], title: Black Cod Cooked with Sake, picturelink: null}, 1755: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine the sugar and 1 cup of the water. Heat until the sugar has just dissolved. Remove the pan from heat and cool the mixture to room temperature.nIn a pitcher, add the lemon juice and room temperature or chilled syrup. Stir in the remaining 3 12 cups of cold water and the heavy cream. Add the vodka, if desired. Serve chilled over ice garnish with lemon slices, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 4 12 cups water, divided, 34 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice about 3 lemons, 14 cup heavy cream, 4 shots citrus flavored vodka, optional, Ice cubes, 4 lemon slices, optional], title: Farm Stand Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 1756: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat a large straightsided saute pan with olive oil. Smash 2 of the whole garlic cloves with the heel of your hand and toss them into the pan with a pinch of crushed red pepper. Bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat. When the garlic is golden brown and very aromatic, remove it from the pan and discard it, it has fulfilled its garlic destiny.nAdd the spinach to the pan, stir to coat the oil and season with salt. Cover the pan and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the lid from the pan and stir the spinach, it should be wilted. Taste and adjust the seasoning if needed. Transfer the spinach to a mesh strainer to let any excess water drain out.nReturn the pan to the burner and coat the pan with olive oil and add in 2 more garlic cloves that have been smashed with the heel of your hand. Repeat the process of cooking the garlic to golden brown and discarding. Toss in a pinch of crushed red pepper and the sliced mushrooms. Season the mushrooms with salt and cook until they are soft and wilted, add a little more oil if they are a little dry. Taste the mushrooms and adjust the seasoning if needed. Remove from the heat and let cool.nSqueeze out any excess liquid from the wilted spinach and coarsely chop. Add to the mushrooms, toss in the Parmigiano and stir to combine. Taste to make sure it is delicious. Reserve.nLay the meat out and gently pound to flatten. Sprinkle generously with salt. Lay the prosciutto slices down the middle of the veal. Lay a log of the spinach and mushroom mixture down the middle of the prosciutto. Roll the veal around the prosciutto and tie the veal with butchers twine.nCoat a Dutch oven with olive oil and bring to a mediumhigh heat. Add the veal roll and brown on all sides. Remove the veal from the pan and reserve.nDitch any excess fat and add a few drops of new oil. Add the onions to the pan, stir to coat with the oil and season with salt. Lower the heat to medium and cook the onions, covered, for 7 to 8 minutes.nUncover the onions, they should be very soft and wilted. Add the chopped garlic and rosemary and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the wine and reduce by half.nReturn the veal to the pan and add chicken stock until it comes about halfway up the sides of the veal. Toss in the bay leaves and thyme bundle. Cover and place in the oven and cook for 1 hour.nRemove the veal from the oven, turn over and add more stock if the liquid has reduced. Taste the braising liquid if the liquid level has reduced significantly. Cook for 1 hour.nRemove the lid from the Dutch oven and braise for another 45 minutes to allow the liquid to reduce.nRemove the veal from the oven, remove from the pan, cover with foil and let rest for 15 minutes. Place the Dutch oven on a burner over medium heat to reduce the braising liquid if it is too soupy. Taste the liquid to make sure the seasoning is correct.nSlice the veal into medallions and serve with the braising liquid and onions.nWine Pairing Suggestion: Gavi, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 7 cloves garlic, 4 whole and 3 smashed and finely chopped, Crushed red pepper, 1 12 pounds fresh baby spinach, Kosher salt, 2 pounds assorted mushrooms, sliced thin, such as shiitake, cremini and oyster work well, 12 cup grated Parmigiano, One 3 to 4pound veal breast, 5 to 8 slices prosciutto, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, picked and finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, 1 fresh thyme bundle], title: Stuffed Braised Veal Breast, picturelink: foyKhEwhNKOctFsM7Eu1W8R4stpRzZS}, 1757: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the beaten egg in a shallow dish and the ground dog biscuits in a second shallow dish. Dip the chicken tenders in the egg, then roll in the ground biscuits. Transfer the breaded tenders to a nonstick baking sheet. Put the baking sheet in the oven and bake for about 30 minutes, rotating pan halfway through. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 egg, beaten, 2 cups dog biscuits, ground in a food processor, 12 chicken tenderloin breast strips], title: Doggie Fried Chicken Tenders, picturelink: null}, 1758: {instructions: Prepare dumpling mix to package directions. See note:nBring a pot of salted water to a boil. Form several large balls, 2 to 3 inches thick, of dumpling mix. Add to the boiling water then reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes.nPlace bacon in a skillet over medium heat and render fat by cooking bacon about 3 minutes. As edges just begin to crisp, remove bacon from the skillet and transfer to paper towels to drain.nSeason slices of sirloin with salt and pepper. Spread each slice of meat with a rounded spoonful of mustard. Top mustard with a generous scatter of chopped parsley. Top seasoned and mustardcoated meat with a slice of bacon and a dill pickle spear each. Place the bacon and pickle off center closer to 1 edge of the meat than the other. Roll the steaks around the filling and secure with toothpicks or kitchen twine. Heat a deep skillet over medium high heat. Add oil, 2 turns of the pan, then meat rolls. Cook meat 2 to 3 minutes, then give it a quarter turn. Cook meat a total of 10 to 12 minutes, then transfer to a plate. Add butter to the meat pot and melt. Add flour to the butter and whisk together, cooking 2 minutes. Add chicken stock to the flour and butter and scrape up pan drippings. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in sour cream and remove from heat.nRemove toothpicks or twine from meat. Set meat roll and large dumpling on a dinner plate and cover with sour cream gravy. Quick sauteed cabbage makes a simple side dish, see recipe below., ingredients: [1 package dumpling mix, recommended: Panni brand available on International Foods aisle, 4 slices bacon, 4 thin slices beef sirloin, just over 1 pound, ask the butcher to cut the meat 14 inch thick, Salt and pepper, 4 rounded teaspoons prepared Dijon style mustard, 4 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, a couple of handfuls, 4 dill pickle spears, Toothpicks or kitchen twine, 2 tablespoons, extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups good quality chicken stock, available on the soup aisle, 14 cup sour cream], title: Anna Marias Rouladen, picturelink: wIauABOh1aGfGQ9HWhPaAhQXv3AoK4K}, 1759: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss together all ingredients except basil. Place in serving bowl and garnish with basil.nServe chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 cups packaged melon medley, cut into bitesize pieces recommended: Ready Pac, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon chili seasoning, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped basil leaves, about 4 leaves], title: Balsamic Melon Salad, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 1760: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the egg noodles and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until crumbled and lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the onion cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic, red peppers and paprika and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the chicken broth, cabbage and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a gentle simmer and cook until the cabbage is tender, about 4 minutes.nAdd the noodles and sour cream to the sausage mixture. Cook, stirring, until well coated, about 30 seconds do not boil. Add the reserved cooking water as needed to loosen. Stir in the dill and season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces egg noodles, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 sweet Italian turkey sausages about 9 ounces, casings removed, 1 onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 34 cup chopped roasted red peppers, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 small head Savoy or green cabbage, sliced 1 inch thick, 13 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill or parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Hungarian Noodles with Sausage, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 1761: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a cupcake pan with 24 regular cupcake liners.nift the flour, instant pistachio pudding, baking powder and cardamom into a bowl. Combine the buttermilk, sour cream and oil into another bowl and set aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the sugar and butter until the mixture is lighter in color and fluffy, about 7 minutes. Add the vanilla, almond and pistachio flavors. Add one egg at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition. Turn the mixer to the lower speed, add the flour mixture and the buttermilk mixture, alternating between the two, beginning and ending with the flour. Lastly, fold in by hand, the salted chopped pistachios.nFill the prepared cupcake liners half full with batter and bake until golden and baked though, 25 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the date and honey filling: In a heavybottomed saucepan, combine the dates, honey, 14 cup water and cardamom together and cook until over mediumlow heat until the mixtures becomes thicker, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a dish and cool.nFor the orange cream cheese frosting: Whip the butter and cream cheese in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment at mediumhigh speed until the mixture is light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the juice, orange extract, vanilla extract, salt and zest and beat until fully incorporated. Then lower the speed and add the powdered sugar incrementally and beat for 3 more minutes. Put the frosting into a pastry bag and cut 12 inch off the tip.nTo assemble: Using an apple corer, remove a piece of the cupcake from the center. Fill the cupcake with 1 teaspoon of the date and honey filling. Using a large round tip 809, pipe the orange cream cheese frosting and garnish with the toasted pistachios, ingredients: [Cupcakes:, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 5 tablespoons pistachio instant pudding, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 14 cup buttermilk, 12 cup sour cream, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 cups sugar, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 dram 116ounce pistachio flavored oil, 5 large eggs, 12 cup chopped salted pistachios, 1 cup pitted chopped dates, 1 cup honey, 2 tablespoons ground cardamom, 1 pound unsalted butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons orange extract, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 orange, zested, 2 pounds powdered sugar, 14 cup toasted pistachios, seasoned with salt and pepper, for garnish.], title: Pistachio and Cardamom Cupcakes, picturelink: FKajV3IxqLvDlPigWIq2ShQ2alEwXu}, 1762: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add about onethird of the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like cornmeal. Add the remaining butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Add the vanilla seeds, bourbon and 2 to 3 tablespoons ice water pulse until the dough just comes together. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap shape into a disk and wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.nPut a baking sheet on the middle oven rack and preheat to 425 degrees F for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, roll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp with your fingers or a fork. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Combine the heavy cream, bourbon and cinnamon stick in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat bring to a simmer. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and let cool slightly. Whisk in the pumpkin, eggs, granulated sugar, brown sugar and pumpkin pie spice. Set aside.nLine the crust with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Transfer to the hot baking sheet in the oven and bake until lightly golden around the edge, about 15 minutes. Remove the foil and weights and continue baking until the crust is dry and golden all over, about 5 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely leave the baking sheet in the oven. Reduce the temperature to 375 degrees F.nDiscard the cinnamon stick from the filling pour into the cooled crust and return the pie to the hot baking sheet. Bake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is set, 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes. Tent the crust with foil if it browns too quickly. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 10 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise, seeds scraped, 1 tablespoon cold bourbon, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin puree, 3 large eggs, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice], title: VanillaBourbon Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: rzFDuT48WWiZsB0wFuu78oe0va6m2zu}, 1763: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the mango and tomato salsa: In a bowl, combine the tomatoes, cilantro, chives, mango, lime juice and salt to taste. Adjust spiciness as desired.nFor the tacos: Place a large castiron skillet or grill pan over high heat, or preheat a grill for cooking over high heat.nPlace the fish on a plate and drizzle with the honey. Sprinkle with the paprika, chili powder, garlic powder and some salt and pepper. Rub the fish with olive oil to coat.nOnce the skillet is hot, add the fish and cook to your desired doneness, around 4 minutes per side. Remove from the heat and let cool for 1 to 2 minutes. Using a fork, flake the fish into pieces.nTo assemble your tacos, add the fish to the warmed tortillas and top with the salsa, avocado and Cotija cheese. Garnish with shredded cabbage and fresh cilantro and serve with the lime wedges. EAT, ingredients: [1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup packed fresh cilantro, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 ripe mango, peeled, pitted and diced, Juice from 1 lime, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds whitemeat fish, such as mahi mahi or tilapia, cut into 4 pieces, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 1 to 2 teaspoons chipotle chile powder or chili powder, depending on your taste, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for rubbing, 6 to 8 corn or flour tortillas, warmed, 1 ripe but firm avocado, peeled, pitted and diced, 12 cup crumbled Cotija cheese, Shredded cabbage, fresh cilantro and lime wedges, for serving], title: Grilled Fish Tacos with Mango and Tomato Salsa, picturelink: 874g2v6b0dK3nTJSNbARmGMN9hrHLH.}, 1764: {instructions: The idea of building a pit to cook is as old as time. What you cook can be as complicated or as easy as you want, and its size can be whatever the labor force allowsa much better usage for bob a job week than ruining the paintwork on your car. Suggestions for food to cook are ears of corn, potatoes, fish fillets wrapped in foil with butter and seasoning, chops or sausages wrapped in foil, clams, mussels, or lobsters. Use your imagination and experiment.n1. Drive 4 posts into the ground to delineate a rectangular area about 5 by 8 feet. Dig out to a depth of 18 inches, banking the sand around the edges.n2. Line the pit with smooth, dry pebbles or bricks.n3. Start a small fire on top of the stones in the middle and gradually add logs until you fill the whole pit.n4. Keep the fire stoked for at least an hour, then allow to burn down for another hour to ensure the stones are properly heated.n5. Carefully rake the embers from the pit without disturbing the stones.n6. As quickly as possible, spread wellrinsed seaweed or nonpoisonous green leaves over the stones in a layer about 6 inches deep.n7. Lay the prepared food in a single layer on top of the seaweed.n8. Spread a 6 inch layer of seaweed over the food. Make sure the food is completely covered.n9. Cover with a tarp that extends at least 12 inches beyond the sides of the pit. Weigh down the edges with stones. Let the food cook for at least 3 hours., ingredients: [], title: A Luau, picturelink: null}, 1765: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nBring a medium pot of water to boil for the onions. Salt the water and boil the onions for 5 minutes. Then drain the onions and cool to handle. Peel the onions by squishing the root end out of the skins.nBring the beef to room temperature and pat dry with paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large Dutch oven and add the beef in batches, browning until deeply caramelized all over. Repeat until all the beef has been browned, adding more oil when necessary. Remove the browned meat to a plate, covered with foil and reserve for later use.nReduce the heat to mediumlow and add the butter to the same pot used for browning the meat. When the butter foams, add the onions to the pot. Season with salt and pepper, and add in the thyme, allspice, cloves and some nutmeg. Cook until light caramel in color, 20 to 25 minutes, stirring occasionally. Drizzle in the honey. Then add the sherry to deglaze the pan. Next, add the stock and the browned beef. Cover and roast in the oven for 1 hour 15 minutes. Add the pears and stir to combine. Roast until the beef is tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour more. Cool and store in the refrigerator for a makeahead meal.nWhen ready to serve, reheat the potted beef in a 325 degrees F oven or on the stovetop, covered over mediumlow heat.nStir up the sour cream with the chives, heavy cream and horseradish. Season with salt and pepper. Serve atop the beef and onions with pears., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 pounds cipollini onions about 2 sacks or 1 12 pounds red or yellow pearl onions, 3 pounds stew beef or beef chuck, cut into 2 to 2 12inch pieces, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, Pinch ground cloves, Freshly grated nutmeg, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 cup dry sherry, 1 12 to 2 cups beef stock, 4 large underripe brownskin pears, peeled and cut into 4 to 6 wedges each, 1 cup sour cream or creme fraiche, 14 cup finely chopped chives, 14 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, such as Golds], title: Potted Beef with Pears and Cipollini Onions and Horseradish Cream, picturelink: null}, 1766: {instructions: Generously oil a sheet pan preferably one with sides measuring at least 11 by 17inches with vegetable oil. In a mediumsized heavy saucepan, combine the water, sugar, cream of tartar and corn syrup and bring to a boil over medium heat. Using a candy thermometer to test it, boil the mixture until it reaches 340 to 350 degrees. The color should be deep golden brown. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter, then mix in the sesame seeds and baking soda. Pour the mixture onto the oiled pan and spread it out a bit with the back of a wooden spoon, to about a 14inch thickness. For thinner brittle, place a silpat on top and roll to desired thickness while its still warm. Let harden, uncovered, in a cool place, 30 to 45 minutes. To wash the saucepan, soak it overnight. Using your hands, wearing white gloves if desired to keep off any fingerprints, break the brittle into pieces. Store in an airtight container. To rewarm, place in a 350degree oven., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 12 cup water, 2 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup toasted sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon baking soda], title: Sesame Brittle, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 1767: {instructions: Combine the potatoes, carrots, celery, garlic and ginger in a slow cooker. Toss in half of the flour and season with salt and pepper. Scatter the bay leaves over the vegetables.nSeason the pork generously with salt and pepper, sprinkle with the thyme and allspice and toss with the remaining flour to coat. Place the pork over the vegetables in the slow cooker. Add 2 cups water and the tomatoes, cover and cook on low 8 hours.nDiscard the bay leaves. Remove the pork roast and slice or pull the meat off the bone into large pieces. Serve in bowls with the vegetables and broth.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound fingerling potatoes, 3 carrots, cut into 2inch chunks, 2 stalks celery, cut into 2inch chunks, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and grated, 13 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 bay leaves, 1 bonein pork shoulder or pork sirloin roast 2 to 2 12 pounds, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes], title: SlowCooker Pork Stew, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 1768: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all the ingredients in a large bowl. Toss gently to combine. Place in a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces cornbread, cut into cubes about 2 cups, 12 cup halved cherry tomatoes, 12 cup cubed fontina cheese, 12 cup cubed cucumber, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Cornbread Panzanella Salad, picturelink: OgOQtlHyJ.iqQz65B4StXAKLixdrhlC}, 1769: {instructions: Prepare the topping: Put the potatoes and turnips in a large pot and cover with cold water season with salt. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 25 minutes drain, reserving the pot.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 10 minutes.Drain all but 1 tablespoon of the fat add the beef to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 4 minutes. Add the onion, carrots and celery and cook, stirring, until the vegetables begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms, thyme and tomato paste and cook, stirring occasionally, until incorporated, about 3 minutes.nStir the flour into the vegetables until incorporated, about 2 minutes. Add the broth, Worcestershire sauce, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook until slightly thickened, about 3 more minutes. Stir in the parsley.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Finish the topping: Combine the butter and milk in the reserved pot and cook over medium heat until the butter is melted. Return the potatoes and turnips to the pot and mash with a potato masher or wooden spoon until smooth. Stir in the parmesan and chives and season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the filling to a 2 12quart baking dish and cover with the topping, spreading evenly. Bake until the topping is golden, about 35 minutes. Let rest 15 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 medium russet potatoes about 1 12 pounds, peeled and quartered, 2 medium turnips about 1 14 pounds, peeled and quartered, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup whole milk, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Freshly ground pepper, 4 strips thickcut applewoodsmoked bacon, diced, 2 pounds ground beef chuck, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 carrots, finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 4 ounces cremini mushrooms,, finely chopped about 2 cups, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Shepherds Pie, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 1770: {instructions: In a medium bowl mix the mayonnaise, lime juice, soy sauce, wasabi paste and ginger, until well combined., ingredients: [1 cup homemade or storebought mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon wasabi paste, 1 teaspoon grated ginger], title: Soy Wasabi Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 1771: {instructions: Place chicken breast into a 2 quart saucepan with water the water should cover the chicken breasts, the kosher salt and half of the lemongrass. Bring to a boil and lower to a simmer for 20 minutes. Remove chicken and cool completely. When cooled chop into 12 inch cubes and reserve in refrigerator.nSaute garlic, remaining lemongrass and chili powder in oil for 3 minutes. Remove from heat and cool completely. Next, toss together the celery, onions, mint, basil and cilantro. Combine chicken with sauteed garlic mixture and the salad components, Add salt, lime juice and honey to taste and place on the lettuce to serve., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless chicken breast, 3 cups water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 stalks lemongrass, minced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons Thai chili powder, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 4 stalks celery, finely chopped, 2 red onions, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped Thai basil leaves or regular fresh basil, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 head romaine lettuce, washed and chopped see note], title: Thai Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 1772: {instructions: Line a 9by13inch pan with foil. Bring the marshmallows, sugar, cream, butter and salt to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly. Continue to stir until the marshmallows melt and all the sugar dissolves. Remove the saucepan from the heat, add the white chocolate chips and vanilla, and stir until the chips are completely melted.nPour the mixture into the prepared pan, and scatter the crushed candies over the top. Let cool to room temperature, then wrap and refrigerate until chilled and firm, about 1 hour. Cut into 1inch squares., ingredients: [4 cups marshmallows about 36, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Pinch kosher salt, 3 cups white chocolate chips 18 ounces, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 10 peppermint candies, crushed], title: White Chocolate Peppermint Fudge, picturelink: r8gUDocrcEAOBtNykQFYoo6MfJHUbm}, 1773: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter and flour a 13by9inch glass baking dish.nPlace the sugar in a large bowl. Cook the butter in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat, shaking the pan occasionally, until the foam cooks off, the bubbles become smaller and the butter begins to brown, about 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat when the butter is golden and the solids are a nutty brown. The butter will continue to darken off the heat. Let cool 5 minutes. Beat the browned butter into the sugar until the sugar is fully moistened and looks like wet crumbs.nMeanwhile, in another medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt.nBeat the eggs and vanilla into the brown sugar mixture. Add the flour mixture to the brown sugar mixture a bit at a time, and mix until a smooth, thick batter forms. Fold in the chocolate chips and coconut. Press the batter into to the prepared dish and spread to evenly fill it.nBake until the bars are light brown around the edges, the center is set and crackly and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with slightly moist crumbs adhering, about 25 minutes. Let cool for at least 1 hour. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus additional for buttering the baking dish, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, plus additional for dusting the baking dish, 1 12 cups firmly packed light brown sugar 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup packed sweetened coconut flakes], title: Boy Scout Bars, picturelink: null}, 1774: {instructions: Special equipment: finished 34inch thick lumbernTofu Mold: Build a wooden frame from finished 34inch thick lumber. The open frame can be square 7inches by 7inches or rectangular 8inches by 6inches and have a height of 2inches. Build a pressing board removable top from the same lumber. The dimensions of the top should be 12 inch smaller than the interior dimensions of the frame. Two cross pieces can be used to hold the board together in the event two or more pieces of lumber were used to make it. These cross pieces serve as handles to lift the board from the frame after the tofu is pressed. The cross pieces should be located one inch from the edge of the board.nTofu: Stirring frequently, heat the strained soybean milk to 180 degrees, remove from heat source. A couple of different coagulants can be used to bind the soybean milk. The most commonly available is Epsom salt magnesium sulfate, which can be purchased from drugstores. I have found that magnesium chloride works better. Mix the coagulant with 14cup of water before adding it to the heated soybean milk. Pour the mixture into the hot soybean milk a little at a time and observe. The process is like thickening a sauce with a cornstarch slurry. The milk will begin curdling. The quantity of coagulant varies depending on the choice of chemical, the amount of soybean in the milk, and the desired firmness of the final product. If a soft tofu is desired, curdling should be minimal the curdling milk in the pot can still be stirred easily. If a hard tofu is desired, the stirring becomes harder.nPut the tofu mold in the sink so the excess liquid can drain easily. Cover the inside of the mold with rinsed cheesecloth, allowing at least 6inches of extra cheesecloth for each side of the mold. Pour the curdled soybean milk into the mold, then fold over the extra cheesecloth, sides first. Place the pressing board on top of the cheesecloth. Put a waterfilled bowl or pot on top to exert pressure, remember that water is very heavy, a gallon of water weighs seven pounds. The position of the weight should be adjusted so pressure on the tofu is uniform. For soft tofu, a fivepound weight will be more than adequate  a pot plus two quarts of water will work fine. The final firmness is also dependent on time. For soft tofu, five minutes pressing will be sufficient. For firmer tofu, more weight and longer time will be required. When the tofu has reached the desired consistency lift the wrapped tofu from the mold and uncover it. Tofu can be divided and the pieces stored in water in the refrigerator of up to one week. Tofu can also be frozen.nUse a blender to make soybean milk in batches of one cup of soaked soybeans to three cups of water. Each batch should run for at least 3 minutes. Put the coarse soybean milk into a large pot and heat to a slow simmer. Cook for 10 minutes. Place a colander, covered with a clean kitchen towel, into a large pot or bowl. Pour the hot soybean milk into the towel to strain the soybean milk. A small amount of milk will drain via gravity most must be forced out. This should be done when the milk has cooled. To do this, gather the edges of the towel to form a sealed ball. Tighten the towel edges like a screw. Use a spoon to scrape the outside of the ball to facilitate the flow. Make certain that the bean residuals are trapped inside the ball. Continue this process until the inside of the towel is nearly empty., ingredients: [2 quarts soybean milk, recipe follows, 4 teaspoons magnesium chloride, 1 pound soybeans, uncooked, washed and soaked, water changed every few hours], title: Homemade Tofu, picturelink: null}, 1775: {instructions: Special equipment: ten 3ounce icepop molds and 10 icepop sticksnEvenly divided the chopped cherries among the icepop molds.nCombine the milk, heavy cream and instant pudding mix in a large pitcher and whisk together. Pour the pudding into the icepop molds, leaving at least 14 inch of space at the top of each mold the mixture will expand.nInsert the sticks. Freeze for at least 6 hours or overnight.nFill a large bowl with warm water. Quickly dip the molds in the water to loosen the pops. Remove the pops from the molds and serve., ingredients: [1 cup frozen or fresh Bing cherries, pitted and roughly chopped, 2 cups cold milk, 12 cup heavy cream, One 3.9ounce box instant chocolate pudding mix], title: ChocolateCherry Pudding Pops, picturelink: i4DP1nZBvB.YyvLyFo3Zfxx8wYfo7fy}, 1776: {instructions: Prepare your wooden burning brick oven according to manufacturers directions or preheat a conventional oven to 400 degrees F.nTo make the stuffing, put the raisins, olives, pine nuts, parsley, and garlic on a cutting board and chop everything up put into a mixing bowl. Add the sausage and 12 cup of the cheese. Drizzle the stuffing with about 14 cup of olive oil to moisten and season with salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes mix well with your hands to combine. Put the bread crumbs in another bowl, drizzle with a bit of olive oil and add 14 cup of the pecorino season with salt and pepper.nOil the bottom and sides of an earthenware or casserole dish, which is large enough to hold all the mushrooms in a single layer. Arrange the mushrooms snugly in the pan, capside down season the insides with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Stuff each mushroom with a generous spoonful of the sausage stuffing and sprinkle the bread crumbs on top drizzle with even more oil. Bake for 20 minutes until the stuffing is browned and the mushrooms soft, rotating the dish periodically for even cooking., ingredients: [14 cup raisins, 8 large Spanish green olives, pitted, 14 cup pine nuts, 2 handfuls fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 garlic cloves, 1 pound Italian sausage, removed from casing, 34 cup freshly grated pecorino, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, dried out, 24 large white mushrooms, stems removed], title: Stuffed Mushrooms with Sausage, picturelink: null}, 1777: {instructions: In a dry frying pan, toast the mung beans over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly until they begin to brown. Remove them to a strainer or fine colander and wash them briefly under running water drain. Place the beans in a saucepan with 3 cups water and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce the heat to low, and simmer 20 minutes or until just tender.nPeel the pumpkin and remove the seeds. Cut into 34inch cubes and measure 8 cups. Set aside. Put 1 12 cups coconut, the garlic, and the ground masala in a blender or food processor. Add 1 cup water or more and process the mixture to the consistency of thick pesto. Set aside.nIn a wide deep pan combine the pumpkin, turmeric, cayenne, salt, and 3 cups water. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer, covered, until the pumpkin is tender and begins to break up when stirred 20 to 25 minutes. Add the cooked mung beans and the coconut paste and stir to combine. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat.nIn a frying pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the mustard seeds and cover. When the seeds pop, toss in the dried red chilies and fry for a few seconds. Add 14 cup of coconut and stir constantly over mediumhigh heat until the coconut turns cinnamonbrown and no white remains. Stir this into the cooked vegetables and heat the mixture until warmed through, adding more water if it dries out. Remove from the heat and check the salt. The curry should appear as chunks of pumpkin with a thick sauce., ingredients: [1 cup whole mung beans, 2 medium pumpkin or butternut squash, 34 cup grated unsweetened coconut, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 2 dried red chilies, 14 cup unsweetened coconut], title: Pumpkin with Toasted Coconut, picturelink: null}, 1778: {instructions: 1. Soak four 6inch bamboo skewers in water for 30 minutes and preheat grill to medium.n2. Cut escarole lengthwise, through core, into 4 wedges. Season with salt and pepper. Wrap each wedge tightly with 2 slices of bacon secure with skewers and brush with 14 cup olive oil. Place bundles skewered side down and covered with a disposable aluminum pan on grill. Cook, turning occasionally until bacon is crisp, about 12 minutes.n3. Lightly brush bread with additional olive oil, season with salt and black pepper to taste and char on grill, about 1 minute per side. Remove and rub bread with cut side of tomato halves until toasts are saturated with tomatos juices.n4. Top each crostini with an escarole bundle and serve with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [1 medium head escarole about 12 ounces, rinsed and outer leaves removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices bacon, preferably center cut, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for grilling, 4 thick slices sourdough bread, 1 ripe medium tomato, halved, 4 lemon wedges, for serving], title: BLT Crostini, picturelink: j0pMsj3DJlzArfG8pjET1FM9MXxvR6S}, 1779: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl of a standing mixer beat together the butter, sugars, vanilla and salt until light and creamy. Mix in the eggs, adding them one at a time. Add the baking powder and both flours and mix well to combine. Stir in the chips until evenly distributed throughout batter. Scoop the batter by the teaspoonful to a cookie sheet. Bake for 7 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 pound sweet butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 cups packed brown sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 2 23 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 2 23 cups white chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 1780: {instructions: Heat outdoor grill or indoor grill pan to high. Season chicken with salt and pepper and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil to keep it from sticking to the grill. Cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side and transfer to a foil covered platter to hold. If you are using a grill pan, cook the chicken in 2 batches if necessary. While chicken cooks, make sauce.nPlace a medium pot on the stove over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan. Add garlic, crushed red pepper flakes and chopped onions. Cook 10 minutes, stirring often. Add tomatoes and heat through, 2 minutes. Wilt in the basil and season the sauce with salt and pepper.nPreheat the broiler to high.nLayer the chicken with fire roasted sauce in a casserole dish. Top the casserole with Parmigiano and mozzarella. Brown the casserole under the broiler 3 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds thin cut chicken breast, cutlets, Salt and pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 2 tablespoons, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 small yellow skinned onion, finely chopped, 1 28ounce can fire roasted diced tomatoes, such as Muir Glenn brand, 1 cup, 20 leaves, fresh basil leaves, shredded or torn, 12 cup ParmigianoReggiano, 12 pound smoked mozzarella, thinly sliced], title: Grilled Chicken Cutlet Parmigiana, picturelink: KGX9bDhPq7LmNT4kQW4q6nqgJvtDSNi}, 1781: {instructions: Cut figs into quarters and place them in a saucepot with the port wine and bring to boil, simmer and reduce by 23. You should have a little less than a 14 cup of port at a syrup consistency. Allow the port syrup to cool.nOn a cutting board, tear thin slices of prosciutto lengthwise in half and place 16 pieces on the board. Take a piece of fig and place it at 1 end of the prosciutto and place a small piece of Stilton cheese on top of the fig and roll the fig with the prosciutto. Continue this process with the remaining figs, Stilton cheese, and prosciutto.nTo serve, arrange the figs on a platter and drizzle with the port wine syrup., ingredients: [4 brown Turkish figs, ripe, 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, 2 ounces Stilton cheese, 34 cup Chateau Elan port wine], title: Fall Figs Stuffed with Stilton Cheese, Wrapped in Prosciutto and Chateau Elan Port Wine Syrup, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 1782: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and trace three 8inch circles onto paper.nIn a large bowl with an electric mixer beat whites with cream of tartar and a pinch salt until they just hold soft peaks. Add 1 cup sugar gradually, beating, and beat meringue until it holds stiff peaks. Transfer meringue to a pastry bag fitted with a 34inch plain tip and pipe onto circles, filling them in. Smooth meringues with a long metal spatula or knife. Alternatively, if pastry bag isnt used, circles may be made by spreading meringues freehand with spatula.nBake meringues 30 minutes and switch positions of baking sheets in oven. Bake meringues 30 minutes more, or until pale golden and crisp. If the weather is humid, cooking time may be longer. Cool meringues completely and peel off paper. Meringues may be made 1 day ahead and kept in turnedoff oven.nIn a saucepan bring 14 cup heavy cream just to a boil and remove from heat. Add chocolate and stir mixture until chocolate is melted completely. Divide ganache between 2 meringue layers and gently spread evenly, leaving 12inch borders. Chill ganache until hardened, about 10 minutes.nIn a small saucepan sprinkle gelatin over water and soften 1 minute. Heat mixture over low heat, stirring until gelatin is dissolved, and keep warm. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat remaining 2 12 cups heavy cream with remaining 12 cup sugar until it just holds stiff peaks and beat in sour cream and vanilla. Add gelatin mixture in a stream, beating, and beat until mixture holds stiff peaks.nArrange 1 ganachetopped meringue on a plate and spread it with about 1 12 cups cream mixture, mounding it at the edge. Arrange 1 pint raspberries over cream mixture and top with second ganachetopped meringue. Repeat procedure with about 1 12 cups more cream mixture and another pint raspberries and top with third meringue. Transfer about 1 cup more cream mixture to pastry bag fitted with a star tip and reserve for decoration. Frost top and side of cake with remaining cream mixture and decorate with reserved mixture. Chill cake at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours. Remove wax paper carefully and scatter remaining pint raspberries on and around cake. Cut cake into 12 wedges with serrated or electric knife., ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 34 cups heavy cream, 6 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, chopped, 1 12 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 3 tablespoons cold water, 1 12 cups sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 pints fresh raspberries], title: Raspberry Chocolate Meringue Icebox Cake, picturelink: null}, 1783: {instructions: Add the coconut milk, soaked chia seeds, cinnamon, spinach, banana and acai berry pulp to the pitcher of a highspeed blender and process until thick and creamy. The texture should be very thick if too thick, then add more coconut milk. If you stick a spoon into the mixture, the mixture should be able to be thick enough to stay on the spoon if not, add ice or more frozen bananas., ingredients: [12 cup unsweetened coconut milk, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons chia seeds, soaked for at least 20 minutes in some of the coconut milk, Dash cinnamon, 2 heaping handfuls organic spinach, 1 frozen banana, One 100gram packet frozen organic acai berry pulp, Ice, to thicken], title: Acai Berry Smoothie Bowl, picturelink: d.50.dYGTP3o3kQN4OT76TT3g7lwJO}, 1784: {instructions: In a large saucepan cook the onions in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until they are softened. While the onions are cooking, in a bowl combine the raisins, 12 cup hot water, the vinegar, the cloves, and the sugar, let the mixture stand for 15 minutes, and stir it into the onions. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring, top it with the rhubarb do not stir in the rhubarb, and cook the mixture, covered, at a slow boil for 5 minutes. Stir the mixture, cook it, uncovered, for 3 to 5 minutes more, or until the rhubarb is just tender, and season the chutney with salt and pepper. The chutney may be made 1 week in advance and kept in an airtight container and chilled. Serve the chutney warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 pounds onions, halved lengthwise and cut crosswise into 14 inch slices, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup golden raisins, 12 cup hot water, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 cup sugar, 1 pound rhubarb, trimmed and cut into 12 inch pieces about 3 cups], title: Rhubarb, Onion and Raisin Chutney, picturelink: null}, 1785: {}, 1786: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together vinegar, garlic paste, and pepper to taste and whisk in oil until emulsified. Add remaining ingredients and salt to taste and toss to combine well. Let salad stand at room temperature 15 minutes to allow bread to soak up some dressing., ingredients: [1 tablespoon redwine vinegar, 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with a pinch salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups 34inch cubes crusty bread, 12 pound vineripened red tomatoes, cut into 34inch wedges, 12 pound vineripened yellow tomatoes, cut into 34inch wedges, 14 cup Nicoise or Kalamata olives, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, washed well, spun dry, and chopped fine, 1 tablespoon fresh marjoram leaves, chopped fine], title: Tomato Bread Salad with Herbs, picturelink: null}, 1787: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the cilantro sprigs, garlic, chicken broth and 1 14 teaspoons salt in a blender and puree. Transfer to a liquid measuring cup and add enough water to make 3 34 cups liquid.nHeat the vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the rice and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the cilantro puree and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes.nSpread the plantains on a baking sheet and bake until heated through, 15 minutes. Stir the chopped cilantro into the rice. Top with the plantains.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup cilantro sprigs, plus 2 tablespoons chopped leaves, 1 clove garlic, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth or use water, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 14 cups mediumgrain white rice, 1 10ounce package frozen fried sweet plantains], title: Cilantro and Rice With Sweet Plantains, picturelink: v9BWr5kfukWFEHkBXYS1qcif.wYAgeK}, 1788: {instructions: Heat charcoal grill.nUnder cold running water, scale and gut the anchovies, removing the gills, but leaving the head and tail intact. Remove the fins. Open the body cavity, and using your thumbnail, loosen the meat of the fish from the spine. Gently remove the spine by twisting or cutting it off a the base of the anchovys head and tail.nGrill the anchovies over a hot charcoal fire, skin side down for about 2 minutes, or until the flesh of the fish becomes white. Transfer to a large serving platter, arranging the anchovies skin side up on the platter. Squeeze a little lemon juice over the fish. Drizzle with olive oil and season with sea salt and pepper. Sprinkle the parsley and olives over the anchovies and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fresh anchovies, 2 lemons, 4 ounces extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt and fresh ground black pepper, 14 cup Italian flatleaf parsley, chopped, 12 cup pitted olives], title: Grilled Local Anchovies, picturelink: 7sS9nNQ068FHH1rYRcX1t.w2PZQ.b1K}, 1789: {instructions: Cook the ravioli in a large pot of boiling salted water until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Drain and put on a platter.nMeanwhile, cook the butter in a heavy medium frying pan over mediumhigh heat until pale golden, about 4 minutes. Add the basil leaves and cook until lightly fried, about 2 minutes. Add the pine nuts. Pour over the cooked ravioli. Grate 12 teaspoon of nutmeg directly over ravioli. Sprinkle Parmesan over dish and serve., ingredients: [2 packages 11ounce fresh wild mushroom ravioli, 1 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 6 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, 1 whole nutmeg or 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 23 cup grated Parmesan], title: Wild Mushroom Ravioli with Butter and Parmesan Sauce, picturelink: tTsUnmSDfZduVO9RsFkUxH2zGLrqAS}, 1790: {instructions: Cut the butter into cubes and melt it in a saucepan over low heat. Remove from the heat and set aside for a few minutes to cool and to allow the milky solids to sink to the bottom. Carefully pour off the oily part, or clarified butter, leaving the milky solids behind. Let the clarified butter cool to room temperature.nIn 2 or three batches, put the salmon cubes, clarified butter, and cream in the bowl of a food processor, and puree until fluffy and completely smooth. Transfer the salmon puree to a large bowl and stir in the herbs and lemon juice to taste. Chill before serving., ingredients: [3 sticks unsalted butter, 1 pound smoked Norwegian or Scottish salmon, not too salty, cut into inch cubes, 12 cup heavy cream, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon dill, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon parsley, finely chopped], title: Smoked Salmon Mousse, picturelink: null}, 1791: {instructions: Special equipment: a tortilla pressnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toast the cumin and coriander seeds in a small skillet over medium heat, tossing occasionally, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Cool the seeds, and then grind them finely in a spice grinder.nRemove the paper husks from the tomatillos and rinse in cool water to remove any sticky residue pat dry. Put the tomatillos, poblano, jalapeno, onion and garlic in a mixing bowl. Add half the ground cumin and coriander mixture, the agave or honey and olive oil and mix until the vegetables are coated. Season with some salt and pepper. Put the vegetables in a roasting pan.nCoat the chicken, including the cavity, with grapeseed or canola oil and season with the remaining spice mixture and some salt and pepper. Put the chicken on top of the tomatillo mixture and roast until a meat thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the breast reads 165 degrees F., about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, using your hands, shape the masa into 8 even balls. Cut some wax paper into a few squares slightly larger than the tortilla press. Spray 2 pieces with some nonstick spray. Sandwich a ball of masa between the pieces of wax paper, sprayed sides against the dough, and press in the tortilla press to flatten. Remove the tortilla and set aside. Repeat with the remaining dough, using new pieces of wax paper if necessary.nHeat a castiron griddle or pan over mediumhigh heat and cook the tortillas until golden brown, about 30 seconds per side. Keep warm while you finish the chicken.nTransfer the chicken to a cutting board or platter to rest while you make the salsa verde: Put the vegetable mixture from the roasting pan in a blender along with the half the cilantro and the lime juice and blend until smooth transfer the salsa to a mixing bowl and season with salt and pepper.nWhen the chicken is cool enough to handle, remove and discard the skin. Using your hands, shred the meat, put it in a mixing bowl and stir in enough of the salsa verde to moisten. Taste and adjust seasoning or add salsa verde as needed. Put any extra salsa verde in a bowl to serve with the tacos.nFill the tortillas with the chicken mixture. Serve hot with the sliced radishes, cotija, the remaining cilantro, lime wedges, remaining cilantro, and additional salsa verde in bowls., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 10 tomatillos, 1 poblano chile, halved, 1 jalapeno chile, halved, 1 yellow onion, quartered, 8 cloves garlic, 14 cup agave nectar or honey, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 3pound chicken, 2 to 3 tablespoons grapeseed or canola oil, 23 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Juice of 2 limes, plus 6 lime wedges, 8 ounces fresh masa, Nonstick cooking spray, 6 radishes, thinly sliced, 13 cup crumbled cotija cheese, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 6 lime wedges], title: Chicken Tacos with Roasted Tomatillo Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 1792: {instructions: Preparing the sauce: Rinse the mushrooms under cold running water and then soak them in the hot water for about 30 minutes. Remove and discard the mushroom stems, slice and reserve the caps, and save the soaking liquid. Carefully pour the soaking liquid into a small sauce pan, leaving behind any bits of grit or sand. Add the sliced mushrooms and the remaining ingredients. Bring to a simmer very gently for about 10 minutesnCooking the fish: Season the fish with salt and pepper and roll them in flour. Pat them thoroughly to shake off any excess flour. In a nonstick pan, saute the fish over medium to high heat in oil until crispy on both sides 10 minutes per inch of thickness. Quickly transfer to a baking sheet covered with paper towels and pat the fish to get rid of any clinging oil. Transfer again to heated plates, pour the sauce over each fillet, and serve immediately., ingredients: [10 medium dried Chinese mushrooms, 1 cup hot water, 14 cup rice vinegar or sherry vinegar, 14 cup palm or granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, 1 small garlic clove, chopped and crushed into a fine paste, Juice of one lime, 12 teaspoon dark sesame oil, preferably Japanese, 3 scallions, including greens, finely sliced, 4 12 to 16ounce whole trout, cleaned, Salt and pepper, 12 cup all purpose flour, 14 cup vegetable oil], title: Panfried Whole Fish with Thai Ginger Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1793: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 12capacity standard muffin pan with cooking spray.nIn a small bowl, mix together the pecans, 2 tablespoons of the brown sugar and the cinnamon.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the allpurpose and whole wheat flour, baking soda and salt.nIn a large bowl, whisk the remaining 34 cup sugar and the oil until combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, whisking well after each addition. Whisk in the applesauce and vanilla.nWhisk in the flour mixture in two batches, alternating with the buttermilk. Whisk just until combined. Gently stir in the apple chunks.nPour the batter into the prepared muffin pan and sprinkle with the pecan mixture. Tap the pan on the counter a few times to remove any air bubbles. Bake until a wooden pick inserted in center of one of the muffins comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes.nLet cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes. Run a knife around the muffins to loosen them and unmold. Cool completely on the rack., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 14 cup chopped pecans, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole wheat pastry flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 cup canola oil, 2 large eggs, 1 cup natural applesauce, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup low fat buttermilk, 1 Golden Delicious apple, peeled, cored and cut into 14inch pieces], title: Apple Muffins, picturelink: O3MDLw7kzVA1AvaOlm.xI6J7ijPg0oy}, 1794: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend the basil, pine nuts, garlic, zests, juices, salt, and pepper in a food processor until the mixture is finely chopped. With the machine running, gradually add the olive oil until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the Parmesan.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Brush both sides of the swordfish fillets with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the swordfish about 3 to 4 minutes on each side for a 1inch thick fillet.nTransfer the grilled swordfish to serving plates, top with the citrus pesto, and serve., ingredients: [1 bunch fresh basil, stemmed about 3 cups, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 1 clove garlic, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 4 6ounce swordfish steaks, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Swordfish With Citrus Pesto, picturelink: NbnqKCZFfFxqCG1jD0oySm0fzwMIgCW}, 1795: {instructions: Combine olive oil, lemon juice, parsley, mustard, salt and sugar in small bowl.nCombine carrots, cranberries, onion and almonds in large bowl. Add dressing. Cover and refrigerate 2 hours or overnight., ingredients: [12 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf Italian parsley, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 bag 10 ounces shredded carrots, 12 cup dried cranberries, 1 small red onion, chopped], title: Carrot Salad, picturelink: VQmYINMonnFUzheMj7vKovFgfDzILS}, 1796: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients and rub on ribeye steaks. Grill to desired doneness., ingredients: [6 ribeye steaks, 12 cup chili powder, Salt and cracked pepper, 2 teaspoons garlic, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons Hungarian paprika, 4 dashes liquid smoke], title: RibEye Steak, picturelink: oI9DIIv1zC9T.CtcWsbe7lMCL0cPKJu}, 1797: {instructions: Heat peanut oil to 365 degrees. Cut salmon into 16 pieces. Coat salmon with Dijon mustard, dip in beaten eggs and coat with the bread crumbs. Deep fry in hot oil until crisp and golden brown., ingredients: [4 cups peanut oil, 1 pound raw salmon fillet not from salmon steak, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups Panko bread crumbs, spread out on a platter, Salt and pepper], title: DeepFried Salmon Fillet with Mustard and Japanese Bread Crumbs, picturelink: null}, 1798: {instructions: Split lobsters, reserve tails, and season. Steam claws and shock in an ice bath. Clean claw meat to be free of all shell and shell fragments, chop, and reserve for the pancake mix.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a saute pan, heat oil to smoking hot, saute leeks until translucent. Add chicken stock, and reduce liquid until nearly dry. Season with salt and pepper.nMelt butter in a small saucepan. In a mixing bowl, combine flour, baking powder, and sugar. In a separate bowl, beat eggs slightly, add melted butter, and buttermilk. Add dry ingredients to egg mixture, and fold together, adding halfandhalf to make it a pancake batter consistency. Add shallot, chives, and parsley, and season with salt and pepper. Be careful not to overwork the batter.nHeat a nonstick pan over medium heat. Set ring molds in the pan and spray well with nonstick spray. With a small ladle, add approximately 1 ounce of the batter in the bottom of the ring molds. Place the braised leeks and some of the chopped lobster on top of the batter, and add more batter on top of the lobster. When browned on the bottom, carefully invert the pancake, to brown the top. Cook for about 1 minute, and then place in the oven until the center is done. Test doneness by placing a toothpick into the center of the cake. It should be dry when removed.nIn a saute pan, add 3 pounds melted butter and on a low medium flame heat the split tails flesh side down until flesh cooks enough to become firm. Turn tails over so that the shell side is down to finish cooking remember not to cook too high of a heat so that milk solids in the butter evaporates too quicklyotherwise you fry the lobster tail rather than poaching it.nPlace sauce in middle of plate. Place lobster pancake in the pool of sauce. Wrap the 2 cooked lobster tail halves around themselves to hold each other in place on top of pancake. Garnish with petite sorrel.nIn a saute pan reduce white wine and shallots until nearly dry. Add heavy cream and reduce to a thick consistency. Slowly add butter whisking continuously on medium heat. Do not bring to a boil. Add juices and season with salt and pepper. Strain., ingredients: [4 1 12 pound Maine lobsters, 2 ounces grape seed oil, 2 leeks, cleaned and julienned, 1 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 3 whole eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 shallot, minced, 2 tablespoons minced chives, 1 tablespoon minced parsley, 3 pounds butter, melted, 2 ounce petite sorrel, cleaned, Citrus Butter Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 small shallot, minced, 12 cup heavy cream, 34 pound butter, large diced, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 orange, juiced, 12 lime, juiced, Salt and pepper], title: Butter Poached Lobster Tail with a Lobster Claw Cake in a Citrus Butter Sauce, picturelink: null}, 1799: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: In a small pot, add the orange juice and tarragon sprig. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and reduce the juice by half. When reduced, remove the tarragon sprig, and chill the juice in the refrigerator. When cooled, add the white wine vinegar, Dijon mustard, garlic and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Whisk together. Slowly drizzle the grapeseed oil while whisking until you get an equal balance of oil to juice. Taste, then adjust the seasoning if necessary. Put aside.nFor the gastrique: In a small pot, add the sugar, apple cider vinegar and some salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Add the mango, and simmer for 15 minutes. Use an immersion blender, blender or even a hand mixer to blend well. Then strain through a fine mesh sieve. If you dont have a fine sieve, you can use a regular strainer lined with cheese cloth or a clean dish towel. You want to remove any little bits of mango that the blender missed. Put in the refrigerator to cool.nFor the lobster: Bring a pot of water to a boil and add the white vinegar. Drop in the lobster tails and simmer them until they just begin to turn bright orangered. Let cool and remove the lobster meat from the shell. Chop the meat into pieces, just smaller than bite size.nHeat a medium skillet over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon of the butter. Add the garlic and shallots. Saute until translucent. Add the remaining butter and melt. Add a good pinch of salt. Add the lobster and stir to coat with the butter. Simmer for 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat and keep warm.nFor the crostini: Preheat the oven broiler. Cut a clove of garlic in half, and rub both sides of the bread with the cut sides of the garlic. Brush one side of the bread with olive oil, and sprinkle very lightly with herbes de Provence and salt. If you dont have HDP, you can use a mixture of dried thyme, basil, rosemary, marjoram, sage, savory and fennel seeds, or any one of those herbs you happen to have. Lay the bread on a cookie sheet and reserve.nTo assemble: Start with the scallops. Pat your scallops dry with paper towels. They MUST be dry in order to get a nice sear and crust on the outside. If you dont, youll have a scallop just steeping in its own liquid, getting mushy, with no color, sear or flavor.nWith a paring knife, score the top of the scallops with a crisscross. You want to just score the outer layer, 116inch deep. Sprinkle the scallops with salt and pepper. In a scorching hot pan with grapeseed oil, put your scallops in scoredside down. Grapeseed oil has a very high smoke point, which allows you to cook at higher temperatures for longer before it starts to smoke and burn.nThe scallops will tell you when its ok to lift them and take a peek at your sear. When youre able to pick the scallops up with no resistance at all, you can then take a peek to see if youre ready to flip it. You want a nice rich golden brown color on your scallop. Once youve achieved the proper color, flip your scallops and remove the pan from the heat.nPut your crostini in the oven to toast.nAdd the vinaigrette to your greens a little at a time. You want to just cover the greens with the vinaigrette, we dont want to drown it. Think light.nNow on each serving plate, place a silverdollarsize portion of the dressed micro greens in the center of the plate. Take a teaspoon of the mango gastrique, and put it on the plate in front of the greens. Then with the back side of the spoon, run it through the middle of the sauce. Take 3 or 4 pieces of the lobster, blot them on a paper towel, then place them in the center of your gastrique schmear. Place your scallop on top of your micro greens. Place 2 crostinis off to the side of the scallop. Then cross 2 whole chives over each plate and youre done., ingredients: [1 cup fresh orange juice, 1 big sprig fresh tarragon, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 12 cup grapeseed oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, Salt, 12 fresh mango, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 lobster tails, 1 12 cups unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 shallot, minced, Salt, 1 clove garlic, 8 slices baguette, sliced diagonally about 14inch thick, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, Salt, 4 large scallops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grapeseed oil, 1 12 cups microgreens, 8 whole fresh chives], title: Seared Scallops over Micro Greens with Orange Tarragon Vinaigrette with Butter Poached Lobster, picturelink: .K9hDpVXL.wpNzgZcVGTWuveIH1L4UK}}