{17700: {instructions: Set up the grill for direct cooking over medium heat and oil the grates.nPlace halibut on a plate and rub with taco seasoning. Cover with plastic wrap and cure in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nPlace the halibut on the grill and cover. Cook for 4 minutes per side, or until the fish flakes easily with a fork. Remove from the grill and let stand 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine salsa, peaches, and allspice.nCut the halibut into bitesize pieces. Place halibut pieces in warmed tortillas and top with salsa and coleslaw mix. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound halibut, 1 packet 1ounce hot taco seasoning mix, 2 cups mild chunky salsa, 1 cup frozen peach slices, thawed and chopped, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 8 supersized yellow corn tortillas, warmed, 1 package 8ounce coleslaw mix], title: Halibut Tacos with Peach Salsa, picturelink: V35rK.eTCYnsSTCQ9vkTyYQVSAB58u}, 17701: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPut the turkey in a roasting pan that has been sprayed with cooking spray. Rub 14 pound of the softened butter under the skin, then insert the cilantro and thyme sprigs, being careful not to break the skin. Rub the remaining butter on the outside of the skin and then sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast the turkey for 2 12 hours.nRemove the turkey from the oven to a cutting board and let rest for 30 minutes. Carve the turkey into slices. Toast the bread and build the sandwiches using mayonnaise, turkey, sliced tomatoes and pea greens., ingredients: [1 8pound turkey, Cooking spray, 12 pound unsalted butter, softened, divided, 10 stems cilantro, 10 thyme sprigs, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 slices Tuscan bread, Mayonnaise, Tomatoes, sliced, Pea greens], title: Roasted Turkey Sandwich, picturelink: XzA.0zZFFyUmRSR0CQy..DYrAIRqPS}, 17702: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nUsing a wooden spoon as a cradle, place each potato in the spoon and make several parallel slits into each potato top making sure not to slice completely through. Place 3 garlic slices between slits at the crown of each potato. Toss in a medium bowl with butter and olive oil. Place on a baking sheet and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Bake until tops are crispy and potatoes are cooked through, about 1 hour. Transfer to a platter and top with Herbed Sour Cream.nCombine ingredients in a small bowl. Season, to taste, and refrigerate until use., ingredients: [16 ounces red new potatoes, 3 to 5 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Herbed Sour Cream, recipe follows, 12 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Garlic Hasselback Potatoes with Herbed Sour Cream, picturelink: lHeu0qDNb5Ja72Jy8v.LoRPoYle9rqm}, 17703: {instructions: Combine cream, garlic, and shallot in a saucepan over low heat and reduce by about 13.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nAdd peas, half of the Parmesan, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to cream mixture, and continue to reduce to medium thickness, then let cool. Place a spoonful of the peas mixture into each tartlet shell. Sprinkle reserved Parmesan on top of each. Brown in oven, and serve hot., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 8 ounce package frozen peas, thawed, 12 cup grated Parmesan, divided, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 2inch shortdough tartlet butter based shells used to make hors doeuvres, available in gourmet stores], title: English Peas Cheese Tartlets, picturelink: mvgkSFA.JkjdQU3N7wCXT.anssrjEjC}, 17704: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Add salt to season the cooking water, then add the pasta. Cook for 5 minutes, then add the cauliflower and cook for 3 minutes more or until pasta is cooked al dente and the florets are just tender. Drain well and return to the pot.nWhile the pasta cooks, heat a medium sauce pot over mediumlow heat. Add the extravirgin olive oil and heat with the butter until it melts. Add the onions and cook for 3 to 5 minutes to sweat them out and turn the juices sweet. Raise the heat a bit, then whisk in the flour, cayenne, and paprika. Whisk together until the roux bubbles up, then cook for 1 minute more. Whisk in the milk and stock and raise the heat a bit higher to bring the sauce to a quick boil. Once it bubbles, drop the heat back to a simmer and cook until the sauce thickens, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd the cheese to the thickened sauce and stir to melt it, a minute or so. Stir in the mustard and season the sauce with salt and pepper. Pour over the cauliflower and cooked pasta and toss to combine. Adjust the seasonings, transfer to a large platter, and serve., ingredients: [Coarse salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni or cavatappi corkscrewshaped pasta, 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, 3 cups whole milk, 1 cup chicken stock or broth, 3 cups shredded smoked Gouda, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Freshly ground black pepper], title: MacnSmoked Gouda with Cauliflower, picturelink: HhflFJpbOueRbyIxlyoXqpEYyc3xsm}, 17705: {instructions: Set the oven to broil. Place the PopTarts in the bowl of a food processor. Add the butter and orange zest. Pulse until the mixture is crumbly. Slice the goat cheese log into rounds and place on parchment paper. You can also serve the goat cheese on a cracker, in which case lay the slice of cheese directly on the cracker and then on the parchment paper. Top the goat cheese with the PopTart crumble. Broil in the oven until the crumble begins to brown and the goat cheese begins to soften, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and top with a dried cherry for garnish. If not serving over a cracker, remove from the parchment and serve alongside a small green salad., ingredients: [2 packages Unfrosted Brown Sugar Cinnamon PopTarts, 4 tablespoons butter, chilled, Zest from 1 orange, 1 8ounce log goat cheese, Dried cherries, for garnish], title: Baked Goat Cheese with PopTartsandreg Crumble, picturelink: Ol3jArdWMpD4xK7r6AnoLOFmOlIomaC}, 17706: {instructions: Pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper.nHeat oil in a 12inch heavy skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking, then brown chicken well, about 4 minutes on each side. Transfer with tongs to a plate.nAdd shallots to skillet and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until golden, about 2 minutes. Stir in mustard and coriander seeds, wine, and water and bring to a boil.nReturn chicken, skin sides up, to skillet and simmer, covered, until chicken is cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer chicken to a platter.nAdd jelly and cilantro to sauce, stirring until jelly is melted. Season sauce with salt and pepper and spoon over chicken., ingredients: [4 whole chicken legs 2 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 14 cup dry white wine, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon red currant or apple jelly, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro], title: Coriander and Mustard Seed Chicken, picturelink: null}, 17707: {instructions: Mix the ingredients together and season with salt and pepper garnish with cheese., ingredients: [2 cups cooked aduki beans, 2 cups cooked orzo pasta, 1 cup finely diced crunchy fennel, 1 cup slivered roasted red peppers, 14 cup finely sliced black pitted olives, 12 cup packed Italian parsley, chopped, 12 cup dressing made with olive oil, balsamic vinegar, garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crumbled goat or feta cheese for garnish], title: Aduki, Orzo and Pepper Salad, picturelink: null}, 17708: {instructions: In a heavy skillet preferably castiron cook oil and flour over moderately low heat, stirring constantly with a flatedged metal or wooden spatula, until roux is the dark reddishbrown color of chestnut shells, about 45 minutes. The roux may be made 1 week ahead, cooled completely, and chilled, covered, in a glass or stainlesssteel bowl. Reheat roux in skillet over moderately low heat, stirring, before proceeding. Stir in onions, bell pepper, and celery and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened.nIn a 10 to 12quart heavy kettle bring 4 quarts water to a boil and add carrot tops and assorted greens. Simmer greens, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer greens with tongs to a large shallow baking dish, letting excess cooking liquid drip into kettle and reserving all cooking liquid. Cool greens until they can be handled and coarsely chop.nStir beans and remaining 3 quarts water into reserved cooking liquid and simmer beans, covered partially, until tender, about 1 hour. Older beans may take longer to cook. Add roux mixture by large spoonfuls, stirring well after each addition, and stir in greens, garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer gumbo, partially covered, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes. Add Worcestershire and hot sauce, to taste. Gumbo may be made 2 days ahead, cooled completely, uncovered, and chilled, covered.nStir in file powder, if using, and remove from the heat.nServe gumbo ladled over rice in large soup plates., ingredients: [2 large onions, chopped, 1 large green pepper, chopped, 3 celery ribs, chopped, 7 quarts water, 1 bunch carrot tops, coarse stems discarded and leaves washed and drained about 5 cups packed, 5 bunches assorted greens such as beet greens, Swiss chard, kale, collards, mustard greens, turnip greens, andor spinach, coarse stems discarded and remainder washed and drained, 1 pound dried red kidney beans about 2 12 cups, picked over, 6 large garlic cloves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Worcestershire sauce, Hot sauce, 1 tablespoon file powder optional, Accompaniment: Cajunstyle white rice, cooked, 13 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup allpurpose flour], title: Gumbo ZHerbes with Red Beans, picturelink: null}, 17709: {instructions: In a large bowl, add the panko, milk, egg, sage, thyme and salt and pepper. Combine and let sit for a few minutes. Add in the turkey and combine well. Form into oblong patties same size as the rye bread Place on a parchment paper lined sheet pan and refrigerate for 2030 minutes.nWhile burgers are resting, in a large saute pan, heat 14 cup of the butter and 1 Tablespoon canola oil. Add onions and saute 15 to 20 minutes or until nicely caramelized. Set aside, but keep warm.nIn the same pan as the onions sauteed, add 3 tablespoons canola oil and the mushrooms and saute 68 minutes over medium high heat until softened. Set aside, but keep warm.nHeat a griddle or cast iron skillet to medium high heat, add 1 Tablespoon canola oil and spread evenly. Add in the turkey burgers and cook for 4 to 5 minutes per side. Remove from heat, cover and keep warm.nButter the rye bread and add to the pan, place the gruyere on bread, then place the turkey burgers on the cheese, pile with onions and the other piece of rye, repeat for all four burgers. After 2 to 3 minutes, turn sandwich over carefully and brown on other side. Remove to cutting board and cut on the diagonal. Serve with mustard and hot cherry peppers., ingredients: [1 pound ground turkey, 1 cups Panko bread crumbs, 13 cup milk, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon sage, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, freshly cracked, 1 cup cremini mushrooms, sliced optional, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup butter, unsalted, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 red onion, sliced, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 8 pieces rye bread, 8 pieces Gruyere], title: Turkey Burger Patty Melts, picturelink: UHN9Qy9bkUl9pELUfN23d7TpzBjxne}, 17710: {instructions: In a blender, add ice, frozen strawberries, vodka, and energy drink. Blend until smooth and serve., ingredients: [Ice, 1 bag frozen strawberries, 1 to 2 cups vodka, 1 can energy drink], title: Red Tini, picturelink: null}, 17711: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the roasted grapes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a bowl, combine the sliced grapes, grapeseed oil, rosemary and salt. Mix to coat the grapes evenly. Scatter the grapes on a sheet pan or in a large skillet and roast in the oven, 15 to 20 minutes. They should not be shriveled up, just plump and juicy.nFor the syrup: In the meantime, in a stainless steel saucepan, add the wine and rosemary sprig. Simmer on mediumlow heat until reduced by half, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the rosemary, add the syrup, turn off the heat and let rest. This can be done ahead of timenFor the egg wash: In a bowl or casserole dish large enough to fit the bread flatly on the surface, beat the eggs, milk, sugar, cinnamon and vanilla. Beat until all the ingredients are well combined.nFor the French toast: Heat a large nonstick or castiron skillet to mediumhigh. Dip the bread in egg wash on both sides, allowing the egg wash to soak in but not over saturate the bread. Add the butter to the skillet and let melt. Place the bread in the skillet and let brown, about 3 minutes. Flip the bread over and place some brie on the cooked side of 1 slice of bread. Allow the cheese to soften while the second side cooks to golden brown. Turn off the heat and sandwich the 2 slices together. Cut the bread on a diagonal and plate. Top with roasted grapes and drizzle with pinot noir syrup., ingredients: [1 cup seedless red table grapes, sliced in half, Scant 12 teaspoon grapeseed oil, 14 teaspoon ground rosemary, Pinch kosher salt, 1 cup pinot noir, 1 fresh rosemary sprig, 13 cup maple syrup, 3 organic eggs, 14 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Two 1inchthick slices challah bread, 2 tablespoons butter, French brie, sliced from wheel], title: Wine Country French Toast, picturelink: YEAXrWvB.NBCeQcdRMbKI778SX.Mw66}, 17712: {instructions: In a small saucepan stir together the sugar, water, lemon juice and the gingerroot and simmer the mixture, covered, for 5 minutes. Add the apricots, baste them with the syrup, and poach them, covered, over moderately low heat for 3 minutes, or until the are just tender. Stir in the raspberries gently, poach the mixture for 1 minute, and divide it between 4 bowls. Sprinkle the compote with the almonds, garnish it with the mint, and serve it warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 23 cup water, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, to taste, 4 teaspoons fresh gingerroot, peeled and finely julienned, 6 fresh apricots, quartered, 1 cup raspberries, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted lightly, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Apricot and Raspberry Compote, picturelink: null}, 17713: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the base:nPour the rye whiskey into a 4quart container. Fill the now empty rye whiskey bottle with water, pour into an electric kettle, and bring to a boil. Add the sugar and stir until the temperature drops to 190 degrees F. Place the tea bags in the kettle and steep for 3 minutes.nAdd the tea, rum, and Cognac to the whiskey. Peel the zest from the lemons, being careful to remove the white pith. Wrap the lemon bodies in plastic wrap and reserve in the refrigerator. Add the lemon zest to the mixture, and stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nFor the punch:nStrain the base into a large punch bowl. Juice the reserved lemon bodies and add to the punch bowl. When ready to serve, add the oranges, lemons, sparkling wine, and seltzer water stir to combine. Add the ice block and serve with freshly grated nutmeg., ingredients: [750 ml rye whiskey, 750 ml water, 12 cup Demerara sugar, 3 bags green tea, 375 ml rum, 375 ml Cognac, 4 whole lemons, 2 small oranges, thinly sliced, 4 small lemons, thinly sliced, 2 750 ml bottles sparkling wine or Champagne, 1 liter seltzer or sparkling water, Ice block, Freshly grated nutmeg], title: Cape Fear Punch, picturelink: tFRIyUbGMqNGEpQfUDUsHuVIQE9B9IW}, 17714: {instructions: Special equipment: a handheld pastry torchnFor the graham cracker crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two standard 12cup muffin tins with paper liners.nIn a small bowl, stir together the graham cracker crumbs, butter and sugar until well combined. Press a heaping tablespoon of the crust mixture into the bottom of each muffin cup and bake until golden and just set, 5 to 7 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the cupcakes: In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Add the buttermilk, water and oil and whisk to combine. Add the eggs and vanilla extract and whisk until smooth. Divide the batter among the muffin cups, filling them about twothirds full. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with a few crumbs attached, 12 to 15 minutes.nLet cool in the tins on a wire rack for about 5 minutes, then remove the cupcakes from the tins and allow to cool completely.nFor the marshmallow frosting: Combine the egg whites, sugar and cream of tartar in a heatproof mixing bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Whisk constantly until the sugar has dissolved and the egg whites are warm and smooth to the touch, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat on low speed, gradually increasing to medium and then finally up to high. Beat until stiff, glossy peaks form, 7 to 10 minutes. Turn the mixer to low and whisk in the vanilla.nSpread the frosting on the cupcakes. With a handheld pastry torch, lightly brown the frosting. Decorate each cupcake with a graham cracker piece and a shard of chocolate., ingredients: [1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, melted, 14 cup sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, 1 cup warm water, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 large egg whites, at room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 graham cracker sheets, broken into 24 pieces, One 4ounce bar semisweet chocolate, broken into 24 shards], title: Super SMores Cupcakes, picturelink: XC8MjZYr0X.VsV.DbQWL6pbATm9Yd8.}, 17715: {instructions: Spread the tortilla with the goat cheese and pesto. Roll up and slice into pinwheels., ingredients: [One 6inch tortilla, 2 ounces goat cheese, 1 tablespoon pesto], title: PestoGoat Cheese Pinwheels, picturelink: ZoRokIkZb1whYHJvh8TyHPUTWIGUa}, 17716: {instructions: In a bowl, toss together the arugula, onions, pumpkin seeds and shaved Parmesan. Season with salt. Drizzle with vinegar and oil and toss. Taste and reseason. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups baby washed arugula, 12 red onion, sliced, 12 cup toasted pumpkin seeds, Shaved Parmesan, for garnish, Kosher salt, Red wine vinegar, Highquality extravirgin olive oil], title: Arugula Salad, picturelink: CMfvhYFFTV6fq6WL2DCGAwqSQt4egPu}, 17717: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toast the pecans in a shallow pan until they begin to get fragrant, about 5 to 7 minutes. Let cool completely.nCombine the lettuce, mesclun, and onion in a salad bowl. Just before serving, pour on the dressing and toss well. Check to see if you need to add more dressing you dont want to make the greens too wet. Serve on individual salad plates with the pecans and the cranberries sprinkled on each portion.nPlace all the ingredients in a jar with a tightfitting lid and shake vigorously.nYield: 34 cup, ingredients: [12 cup pecans, 4 cups romaine lettuce, torn into small pieces, 4 cups mesclun mixed baby greens, washed and spun dry, 12 cup slivered red onion, About 13 cup LemonSoy Dressing, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons dried cranberries, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons tamari soy sauce, 18 teaspoon salt, Generous seasoning freshly ground pepper, 12 cup mildflavored olive oil], title: Mixed Greens with Dried Cranberries and Toasted Pecans, picturelink: null}, 17718: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat with extravirgin olive oil a couple of turns of the pan. Add the pancetta, if using, the onions and the garlic. Stir occasionally for 3 to 4 minutes, then add the potatoes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover the pan and cook for 5 minutes more, stirring occasionally. Add the escarole and season with nutmeg, cover the pan and let wilt for 2 minutes. Stir in the stock and water and bring the soup to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer 15 minutes for flavors to combine, adjust salt and pepper, to taste, and let cool. Store for a makeahead meal. Bring the soup, covered, to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the peas and ditalini and cook to al dente, about 7 to 8 minutes. Turn off the heat and serve in shallow bowls garnished with pesto.nPesto:nPut the herbs into food processor along with the nuts and grated garlic. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, then add the lemon zest, extravirgin olive oil and the cheese. Pulse into a coarse paste, then transfer the pesto to storage container and drizzle the top with a thin layer of extravirgin olive oil to retard browning. Cover and store in the refrigerator. Bring to room temp when ready to use., ingredients: [Soup, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound pancetta or bacon, finely diced, optional, 2 onions, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 large starchy potatoes, peeled and diced 12inch, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large head escarole, cleaned and chopped, A few grates nutmeg, 1 quart chicken or vegetable stockinabox, 3 cups water, 2 cups frozen peas, 14 cup ditalini pasta, Pesto, 1 small bunch or packaged tarragon, leaves picked, about 34 to 1 cup loosely packed, A generous handful flatleaf parsley, 3 to 4 tablespoons toasted pine nuts or shelled pistachio nuts, 1 clove garlic, grated or flattened into paste, 1 lemon, zested and juiced 1 tablespoon, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, About 14 to 13 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Peas and Potato Soup with Tarragon Pesto, picturelink: pjiiwVsFSxE4EZQg92Tfs.LNZDP7TS}, 17719: {instructions: Chop about twothirds of the bacon into 14inch pieces set aside. Wrap the thyme, bay leaf, peppercorns and garlic in a piece of cheesecloth tie closed with kitchen twine. Combine the cheesecloth bundle, the remaining slab bacon, the lentils and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water by about 2 inches. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the lentils are tender, about 25 minutes. Drain, discarding the cheesecloth bundle and bacon let cool.nMeanwhile, cook the chopped bacon in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and just crisp, about 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels set aside.nMake the dressing: Whisk the mustard and vinegar in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Toss the beets with about 1 tablespoon of the dressing in a small bowl season with salt and pepper.nAssemble the salad: Add the lettuce, endive, shallot, parsley, chives and the prepared lentils and bacon to the bowl with the dressing season with 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and toss. Top each serving with some beets.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 6ounce piece slab bacon, rind removed, 1 sprig thyme, 1 bay leaf, 8 black peppercorns, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 cup dried French green lentils, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 8ounce package vacuumsealed cooked beets, roughly chopped, Freshly ground pepper, 2 small heads baby lettuce andor frisee, torn into large pieces, 1 Belgian endive, cut into large pieces, 1 small shallot, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 8 to 10 fresh chives, cut into pieces], title: Lentil Salad with Beets and Bacon, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 17720: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCrepes: In an electric mixer mix together flour, milk, eggs, apple juice, sugar, beat until smooth. Add apple. In a hot, nonstick, crepe pan heat 1 teaspoon butter or vegetable oil. Pour about 2 tablespoons batter into pan, spread batter evenly to cover entire surface. Cook until it browns around the edges, about 30 seconds. Flip it over with a spatula or fingers and cook until it starts to brown, another 30 seconds. Slide the crepe onto a plate and continue until all batter is used. Set aside.nFilling: Peel, core and dice apples. Gently simmer apples, raisins, honey, cinnamon and apple juice until apples are soft but not mushy. Using a potato masher break up the apple mixture to make the apple pieces smaller.nSpoon some sauce on a crepe and fold twice Dust with powdered sugar. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 12 cups milk, 4 eggs, 14 cup apple juice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 grated golden delicious apple, 5 golden delicious apples, 13 cup raisins, 1 12 tablespoons honey, Dash of cinnamon, 14 cup apple juice], title: Dutch Apple Pancakes, picturelink: UXcRoi84FzVXuYfsgkc0sm73TJdMaaK}, 17721: {instructions: Chop lettuce. Arrange lettuce on platter and top with pieces of grapefruit and orange.nTo supreme fresh oranges andor grapefruits instead, cut off ends then remove skin in strips working all the way around the fruit from top to bottom. Cut along the side of the membrane to remove the sections of the citrus fruit.nCombine marmalade with 2 splashes of vinegar and stream in extravirgin olive oil. Pour dressing over the salad and season with salt and pepper. Garnish platter with chopped or snipped chives., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine lettuce, 2 cups jarred citrus salad of orange and grapefruit sections, drained  fresh oranges and grapefruits may also be used but to supreme fruit method below takes extra time, 2 tablespoons marmalade, 2 tablespoons white wine or cider vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped or snipped chives], title: Citrus Salad, picturelink: wV63aNFR.TNKmhShjQsGYsKnJSjak2}, 17722: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Wine Suggestions from Michael Green, picturelink: null}, 17723: {instructions: Place the sweet potato in a mediumsize pot. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Boil for 10 minutes. Peel the plantain and cut into pieces. Add to the boiling water and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and drain. Return the potato and plantain to the pot and mash well with a potato masher. Incorporate brown sugar, cinnamon, and butter. Add nutmeg and salt, to taste. Blend well., ingredients: [1 sweet potato, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 brown plantain, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon butter, Nutmeg, Salt], title: Mashed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 17724: {instructions: Boil water for rice and prepare to package directions.nPlace beef broth in a small pot over low heat to warm the liquid.nHeat a wok shaped skillet or pan over high heat. Add oil it will smoke and meat bits. Stirfry meat 3 minutes and remove from pan or move off to the side of the wok. Return pan to heat and add peppers and onions. Stirfry veggies 2 minutes. Add meat back to the pan. Add sherry and stir fry until liquid almost evaporates about 1 minute. Add soy sauce to the pan. Dissolve cornstarch with a ladle of warm beef broth. Add beef broth to the pan, then add cornstarch combined with broth, the fivespice powder and black pepper. Stir sauce until it thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon. Adjust seasonings. Add more soy or salt if necessary. Remove stirfry from heat. Fill dinner bowls with beef stirfry and top with a scoop of rice. Scoop rice with ice cream scoop to get a rounded ball. By placing rice on top of stirfry, rice will stay firm and not soak up too much sauce. Garnish with chopped scallions and smoked almonds., ingredients: [Jasmine rice or short grain white rice, 1 to 1 12 cups, prepared to package directions, 2 cups beef broth or stock, paper container or canned, 2 tablespoons wok or clear oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 12 pounds beef sirloin or beef tenderloin tips, trimmed, placed in the freezer for 5 to 10 minutes then thinly sliced, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and diced into 1inch pieces, 1 medium onion, diced, 12 cup dry cooking sherry, 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce, eyeball the amount recommended: Tamari, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, found on Asian foods aisle of market, Cracked black pepper, 3 scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, for garnish, 12 cup smoked whole almonds, available on snack aisle, for garnish], title: Five Spice Beef and Pepper StirFry, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 17725: {instructions: Break the eggs into a stainless steel bowl and beat with a whisk to a smooth consistency. Salt and pepper can be added now, immediately before cooking to allow full incorporation into the eggs.nHeat the pan over medium to low heat. Add the butter and allow to heat to a bubbly state without burning or browning. Add the beaten eggs to the pan and immediately begin to stir the eggs in a circular fashion so they do not stick to the bottom at the same time that you shake the pan across the burners. Keep the pan moving, stirring with your spatula, so that as the eggs begin to cook and coagulate, you pull cooked egg from the outer edge of the pan over raw egg in the center.nWhen the eggs are half cooked, cease stirring and shaking the pan, and now roll the raw and runny egg outward by twisting your wrist. The uncooked egg will now cook on the bottom and sides of the pan. The entire cooking process will take at most 2 minutes and experience will be the best teacher to master the classic omelette. The omelette should not brown but should stay a beautiful egg golden.n.Give the pan 1 or 2 good firm raps on the burner and, holding the handle in one hand in an underhanded grip, tilt the handle upward and begin to roll the edge of the omelette furthest away from the serving dish towards the plate. Roll this edge of the omelette one third towards the center, begin to slide the front of the omelette out onto the plate so the leading edge becomes the seam of the omelette and is flatly on the bottom. This will from the perfect oval shaped omelette.nTo make filled omelettes, add cooked vegetables, cheese or meats to the center of the omelette just before you begin to roll the omelette for the finished plate. Always heat fillings separately and cut the meat and cheese thinly enough to be thoroughly heated by the heat from the omelette center.nSuggested fillings: Sauteed mushrooms and goat cheese, fresh herbs thyme, chives, tarragon, parsley, sauteed spinach, cheddar cheese and jalapeno pepper, cooked bacon or country ham ratatouille, ingredients: [1 tablespoon clarified butter, vegetable or olive oil, 3 whole large eggs, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Classic Omelette Technique, picturelink: null}, 17726: {instructions: Combine 6 cups of water with the salt in a pot and bring to a boil. Add the watermelon rinds and boil until slightly tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and set the rinds aside.nCombine the sugar, vinegar, mustard seeds, peppercorns, red pepper flakes, bay leaf, cinnamon and ginger with 1 cup water in a small pot. Bring to a gentle simmer, add the rinds and cook for 10 minutes. Let cool, then transfer to a pickling jar or a releasable glass container. Store in the refrigerator., ingredients: [14 cup kosher salt, 4 cups peeled and cubed watermelon rinds, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 bay leaf, 1 cinnamon stick, One 12inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced], title: Pickled Watermelon Rinds, picturelink: 0efhulMRzavEGXAarEr7ilGVbKrhsK}, 17727: {instructions: In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.nAdd KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated.nUsing buttered spatula or wax paper evenly press mixture into 15 x 10 x 1inch pan coated with cooking spray. Cool slightly. Using cookie cutter coated with cooking spray cut into star shapes. Decorate with frosting andor candies. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS:nIn microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows,  OR , 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 6 cups RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, canned frosting or decorating gel, assorted candies or multicolored sprinkles], title: Twinkling Star Treats TM, picturelink: hDipGj4E6yxuyV9AUpQQ36e.AR24PfO}, 17728: {instructions: Cook the chicken in a 10inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat for 10 minutes or until its well browned on both sides. Remove the chicken from the skillet.nStir the stock, orange juice, onion and rice in the skillet and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 10 minutes.nReturn the chicken to the skillet. Cover and cook for 10 minutes or until the chicken is cooked though and the rice is tender. Stir in the parsley.nTip: For a special touch, cook orange slices in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until theyre lightly browned. Serve over the chicken., ingredients: [1 14 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, 1 34 cups Swansonu00ae Chicken Broth or Swansonu00ae Chicken Stock, 12 cup orange juice, 1 medium onion, chopped about 12 cup, 1 cup uncooked regular longgrain white rice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Citrus Chicken and Rice, picturelink: kt5fdHWv4wEs.Ooukc5ZnJMTFFQYY5W}, 17729: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut off ends and slice in half lengthwise both the eggplants and yellow squash. Lay cut side up and close together on a small greased sheet pan. Then cut the tops and a very small piece of the bottom off the Roma tomatoes and stand them up with the squash.nSprinkle liberally with salt, pepper, garlic powder, bacon bits, peppers, and onions.nNext, carefully pile high the Parmesan over every piece, drizzle with olive oil, and bake for about 12 minutes, or until they start to turn golden brown. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 small eggplants, 2 pieces yellow squash, small to medium size, 4 Roma tomatoes, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Garlic powder, 2 tablespoons real bacon bits, 1 tablespoon red bell pepper, small diced, 1 tablespoon green bell peppers, small diced, 1 tablespoon red onion, small diced, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Eggplant, Yellow Squash and Tomato Casino, picturelink: IN2fjlaKMqFBVgv4eAW1XSauKKnyA2}, 17730: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Sprinkle the pork chops with salt and pepper. Add the pork chops to the skillet and cook until they are brown and an instantread meat thermometer inserted horizontally into the pork registers 160 degrees F, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer the pork chops to a plate and tent with foil to keep them warm.nAdd the onion to the same skillet and saute over medium heat until crisptender, about 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices, herbes de Provence, and 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes. Cover and simmer until the flavors blend and the juices thicken slightly, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Season the sauce, to taste, with salt and more red pepper flakes. Return the pork chops and any accumulated juices from the plate to the skillet and turn the pork chops to coat with the sauce.nPlace 1 pork chop on each plate. Spoon the sauce over the pork chops. Sprinkle with the parsley and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 1inch thick bonein pork loin centercut chops about 12 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, in juice, 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence, 14 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, or more to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Pork Chops alla Pizzaiola, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 17731: {instructions: Place rack in center of oven. Heat oven to 500 degrees. With the point of a paring knife, make 12inch slits toward the center all around the roast. Insert the garlic in the slits, accompanied by a needle of rosemary, if using. Rub roast generously with salt and pepper. Place roast and bones, if available, in a roasting pan just large enough to hold them. Roast for 45 to 50 minutes, or until meat reaches an internal temperature of 140 degrees. The meat might still be slightly pink, but this is fine. Dont overcook the roast, or it will be dry and unappealing. Remove roast and bones to a platter. Let meat rest before slicing across. Snip off strings. Juices will collect better in a platter than on a cutting board., ingredients: [2 12 to 3 12 pound boned and rolled pork loin 8 to 10 inches, bones kept if available, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, peeled, and cut lengthwise into thin slivers, Few sprigs rosemary, optional, Kosher salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 12 cup wine, for deglazing], title: Garlic Roast Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 17732: {instructions: In a large bowl, cream the butter, shortening and sugar with an electric mixer. Add the egg and vanilla and beat until light. In a small bowl, stir the soda, salt and flour together. Stir the dry ingredients into the creamed ingredients until well mixed. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill the dough for at least 30 minutes.nDivide the dough in half. Wrap half in plastic wrap and return to the refrigerator. Roll out the dough to 18inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Cut cookies with a cookie cutter of any design and place on ungreased cookie sheets about 2 inches apart.nPut 1 teaspoon corn syrup and 14 teaspoon water into each of 4 different custard cups. Tint each of the four mixtures with food coloring. Stir each well.nPaint the unbaked cookies before baking using a small paintbrush. For more fun, press cookie dough through a garlic press to make hair for gingerbread figures.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bake for 9 to 10 minutes or until cookies are lightly browned. Remove the cookies with a spatula and cool on wire rack., ingredients: [12 cup butter or margarine, room temperature, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 12 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 212 cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons corn syrup, 1 teaspoon water, Four different paste colors or liquid food coloring], title: Painted Sugar Cookies, picturelink: null}, 17733: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and oil a large baking sheet.nIn a large baking pan spread almonds evenly and toast in the middle of the oven, stirring nuts halfway through toasting until golden, about 10 minutes.nIn a 3quart heavy saucepan bring butter, sugar, water, lemon juice, vanilla, and salt to a boil over moderate heat, stirring with a wooden spoon. Boil mixture, without stirring, swirling pan occasionally, until deep golden, about 12 minutes.nRemove pan from heat and stir in twothirds of the almonds. Immediately pour toffee onto baking sheet and with an offset spatula spread into a thin layer. Carefully transfer baking sheet it will be very hot to a rack and cool toffee.nChop chocolate. In a double boiler or small metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water melt chocolate, stirring until smooth. Pour chocolate over cooled toffee and evenly spread with offset spatula. Sprinkle toffee with remaining almonds. Chill toffee, uncovered, until firm, about 1 hour.nBreak toffee into 2inch pieces of bark. Bark keeps, layered between sheets of wax paper in an airtight container at cool room temperature or chilled, 1 week., ingredients: [3 cups 10 ounces sliced almonds, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups sugar, 13 cup water, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not sweetened], title: Almond Toffee Bark, picturelink: Hr1LJ0J2SjnLmVDk133hshUpRcLaFC}, 17734: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a 7inch pudding basin with most of the bacon rasher, reserving a few for the top. Put in a layer of pork, then stuffing, season with salt, pepper and mace. Continue this layering process until the basin is full, finishing with the reserved bacon. Press down well, then cover tightly. Stand the basin in a baking pan to catch drips. Bake the oven for 1 hour. Place a weighted board over the pudding and leave until completely cold. Turn out the mitton and slice to serve., ingredients: [8 ounces rashers streaky bacon, 1 12 pounds pork fillet, thinly sliced, 6 ounces sage and onion stuffing not from a packet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground mace], title: Mitton of Pork, picturelink: null}, 17735: {instructions: In a double boiler melt vanilla chips and oil together and stir until smooth.nIn a double boiler melt carob chips and oil together, stir until smooth, ingredients: [2 cups unsweetened vanilla chips, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups unsweetened carob chips, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Dipping Sauces, picturelink: null}, 17736: {instructions: Peel the lychees, and remove the flesh from the seeds they will break into 3 or 4 pieces, which is fine. Set aside.nBring a small pot of water to a boil. Add the beans, and cook until they are bright green and crisptender, about 4 minutes. Strain, and set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, pulse the tomatoes, chopped shallots, ginger, 1 tablespoon of the oil, sugar, curry, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor until it becomes a puree.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the sliced shallots, and cook, stirring frequently, until a deep golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato puree, and cook, stirring and scraping up the bottom frequently, until the paste is thick, dry and a few shades darker, 15 to 20 minutes. Add water, a tablespoon at a time, if the paste sticks to the bottom of the pot. Be sure to scrape the side of the pot down, as some cooked paste may cling to it, and you want to make sure all the paste makes it into the sauce theres flavor in therenAdd 2 cups of water and the coconut milk to the pot, and bring to a gentle simmer. Add the eggplant, and simmer until soft, about 6 minutes. Add the peppers, and cook until soft, about 6 minutes. The sauce should be a bit looser than marinara continue to gently simmer if necessary. Add the shrimp and green beans, and cook, stirring occasionally, until they are pink and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in most of the basil and cilantro, and season with salt.nTransfer the curry to a serving bowl. Top with the lychees and the remaining basil and cilantro. Serve with rice and lime wedges., ingredients: [12 pound fresh lychee nuts about 8 lychees, 14 pound green beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 large tomato, roughly chopped, 2 shallots, 1 sliced and 1 roughly chopped, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, One 14.5ounce can light coconut milk, 1 small Japanese eggplant, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 12inchthick strips, 34 pound peeled and deveined jumbo shrimp, Handful fresh basil leaves, Handful fresh cilantro leaves and tender stems, 3 cups cooked brown rice, for serving, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Shrimp and Lychee Curry, picturelink: Urcqk7FEMhLfKLFmpi4N445.xcfxN1q}, 17737: {instructions: Place the water, sherry vinegar, spring onion, carrot, celery, and thyme in a pot and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 10 minutes. Season the trout on the outside and in the belly with salt, pepper and a pinch of cayenne. Place in the simmering court bouillon and poach for 7 minutes, or until a skewer inserted in the thickest part of the flesh comes out warm.nRemove the fish with a slotted spoon and set aside on a warm platter. Strain the cooking liquid and return 12 cup to the pot. Bring the court bouillon to a boil and add the butter slowly, 1 tablespoon at a time, whisking constantly. Continue whisking until all the butter is absorbed. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nTo serve, place a trout on each plate and spoon the sauce over each. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups water, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 12 cup sliced spring onions, 12 carrot, thinly sliced, 12 celery rib, thinly sliced, 1 thyme sprig, 2 8ounce whole trout, cleaned, Fine sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Poached Lake Trout, picturelink: null}, 17738: {instructions: Empty a 12ounce bag of fresh or frozen cranberries into a saucepan and transfer 12 cup to a small bowl. Add 1 cup sugar, 1 strip orange or lemon zest and 2 tablespoons water to the pan and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves and the cranberries are soft, about 10 minutes. Increase the heat to medium and cook until the cranberries burst, about 12 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and stir in the reserved cranberries. Add sugar, salt and pepper to taste. Chop 1 cup raw cranberries in a food processor and add to cranberry sauce. Stir in 1 thinly sliced jalapeno, 1 tablespoon lime juice and 1 teaspoon each honey and salt. Let cool to room temperature. Just before serving, add 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Cranberry Salsa, picturelink: aEnnqPYx14kc.1oTzbRJhmbTM6GiHKu}, 17739: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStick whole bananas inside grill at any temperature, and grill until very brown and soft, anywhere from 5 to 10 minutes depending on the grill temperature.nSlice bananas, through the peel, from end to end. Squeeze open like you would a baked potato. Put a little bit of condensed milk over the banana and sprinkle with a bit of cinnamon.nReady to eat, ingredients: [3 ripe bananas, unpeeled, 1 can sweetened condensed milk recommended: La Lechera, Ground cinnamon, to taste], title: Grilled Bananas: Platanos Asados, picturelink: DosQE6dFrgW2hRU5rRy4rWpMWrDBEpq}, 17740: {instructions: To marinate the fruit: Combine the fruit, sugar, vanilla, mint, and cinnamon in a bowl and mix well. Let the fruit marinate for at least 30 minutes, or up to 24 hours.nTo prepare the syrup: In a saucepan over high heat, combine the sugar, water, and bourbon, and bring to a boil. Boil for 2 to 3 minutes, remove the pan from the heat, and set aside, or refrigerate for up to 1 week.nTo prepare the babas: In the bowl of a heavyduty mixer, combing the water, yeast, and sugar and mix just to combine. Let it sit until foamy, about 5 minutes. Add the egg, flour, orange zest, and butter and mix until elastic but very soft. Let the dough rise in a warm place until it doubles in volume, 15 to 20 minutes. Punch the dough down. Spoon the dough into greased muffin tins, filling them onethird to onehalf full. Let the dough rise again until doubled in volume, 20 to 30 minutes.nWhile the babas are rising, preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Bake the babas until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Remove from the tins and place on a cooling rack set over a baking sheet. Prick the tops of the babas with a skewer or fork. Warm the syrup over medium heat. Ladle all of the warm syrup over the babas, letting it soak in.nTo serve: Place the babas on individual plates. Distribute the fruit among the babas, and top with whipped cream. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups seasonal fruit, diced if necessary, 2 tablespoons sugar, or more to taste, Dash pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh mint, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups water, 14 cup bourbon, 6 tablespoons warm water, 1 12 teaspoons yeast, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 egg, 34 cup flour, Grated zest of 1 orange, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, whipped, as an accompaniment], title: BourbonSoaked Babas with Marinated Fruit, picturelink: null}, 17741: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the nuts on an ungreased baking sheet and bake for about 10 minutes until they are warmed through. Meanwhile, combine the rosemary, pepper, sugar, salt and butter in a large bowl. Toss the warm nuts with the rosemary mixture until the nuts are completely coated. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 14 pounds cashew nuts, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 2 teaspoons dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon melted butter], title: Rosemary Roasted Cashews, picturelink: X9UlT8.T2oj1nOimx3AZvm9BQNlW4gi}, 17742: {instructions: For the salsa: Combine all the vegetables in a bowl. Chop cilantro finely. Mix rice wine vinegar, sugar, salt, lime juice, and fish sauce together until well blended. Add all chopped vegetables and cilantro to the mixture. Mix well.nFor the halibut: Season with sea salt and pepper. Place the halibut directly onto a hot grill for a few minnutes. Then using tongs or a spatula give the halibut a quarter turn to create the second set of marks resulting in a crisscross pattern. When its time to flip it, repeat the process of grilling for a few minutes and then give it a quarter turn. Remove from grill and finish in the oven.nAssembly: Spoon a nice mound of salsa in the center of each plate, adding a bit of the salsa juice. Place the halibut fillet on top. Garnish with chili threads and microgreens. Add chili oil to edges of salsa for color and heat. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 ounces cucumber, diced, 2 ounces tomato, diced, 1ounce red bell pepper, diced, 1ounce orange bell pepper, diced, 12ounce jalapeno, diced, 1ounce. green onion, diced, 1ounce. white corn, cut from an ear of corn, 14 bunch cilantro leaves, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 ounces lime juice, 1ounce fish sauce, 6 ounces halibut fillet, Salt and pepper, Chili threads, Microgreens, Chili oil], title: Grilled Halibut with Summer Salsa, picturelink: RcDp2MyW8P6Xsh.ju13RRFRBBypKVxu}, 17743: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Bring a medium pot filled with about 4 cups salted water to a boil.nWhisk the harissa and olive oil in a medium bowl until combined. Trim the ends off the okra and slice into 14inch pieces. Add the okra to the bowl and toss until well coated. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper.nTransfer the okra to a baking sheet and roast until tender and beginning to crisp around the edges, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and toss with the lime juice.nWhile the okra cooks, add the rice to the boiling water and cook until the grains are plump and tender, about 12 minutes. Reserve a 14 cup of the cooking water. Drain the rice and return it to the pot.nToss the roasted okra into the pot with the rice, season with salt and pepper and stir in 2 to 3 tablespoons of the cooking water to make the mixture saucier. Serve with extra harissa paste and lime wedges., ingredients: [], title: Roasted Okra with Harissa, picturelink: null}, 17744: {instructions: Mix together flour and baking powder and set aside.nBring a pan of water to a boil and remove from heat. Combine chocolate and butter in a heat proof bowl and set over pan of water, stirring occasionally until melted.nIn a large bowl, whisk eggs with salt , then whisk in both sugars. Whisk in chocolate mixture, then rum.nStir in flour to form a soft dough. Scrape dough onto a piece of plastic wrap and wrap tightly. Chill 2 hours.nSet racks in upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Flour your hands and rool the chilled dough into 2teaspoon balls. They dont have to be too neat. Roll each ball in confectioners sugar. Arrange well apart on prepared pans and bake about 12 minutes. cool pans on a rack before removing cookies from pan, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 5 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 8 tablespoon 1 stick unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, Pinch of salt, 1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon dark rum, Confectioners sugar, Several cookies sheets or jellyroll pans lined with parchment or foil], title: Chocolate Fudge Cookies, picturelink: null}, 17745: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper.nCut each sheet of puff pastry into 4 squares. Divide the pastry between the prepared sheet pans and refrigerate while you prepare the apples.nPeel the apples and cut them in half through the stem. Remove the stems and cores with a sharp knife and a melon baller. Slice the apples crosswise in 14inchthick slices. Place overlapping slices of apples diagonally across the pastry and place one slice of apple on each side of the arranged slices. Sprinkle the apples evenly with the sugar and dot them with the butter.nBake for 40 minutes, until the pastry is browned and the edges of the apples start to brown. Dont worry The apple juices will burn in the pan but the tarts will be fine When the tarts are done, heat the apricot jelly together with the Calvados until bubbly and brush the apples and pastry completely with the jelly mixture. Loosen the tarts with a metal spatula so they dont stick to the paper. Allow to cool and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 package 2 sheets frozen puff pastry, defrosted, 4 small 6 ounce Granny Smith apples, 34 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons 34 stick cold unsalted butter, smalldiced, 34 cup apricot jelly or warm sieved apricot jam, 3 tablespoons Calvados, rum, or water], title: Apple Tarts, picturelink: EafnGkt4jAkW12dO6N3VXXbeQi1Ud8q}, 17746: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the olives, garlic and a pinch of salt and pepper in a food processor and puree for 30 seconds drizzle in the oil while the processor is running. Let sit for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, lightly toast the bread. Spoon the olive mixture on the bread and sprinkle with the basil before serving., ingredients: [1 cup pitted black or other olives, 2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 loaf Italian or French bread, sliced into rounds, Handful of fresh basil leaves, chiffonade], title: Quick Bruschetta with Olive Tapenade, picturelink: Z9pYaxJWV5CSIccueOozFUlsxxPoPNS}, 17747: {instructions: Season the chicken all over with salt and pepper. Place the chicken breasts in a large pot with the broth, onion, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, lemon zest, cumin, and oregano. Cover, bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, until the chicken is cooked through, about 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a plate, then strain the broth through a finemesh sieve into another pot. Remove the chicken from the bones, discarding the skin and pulling the meat off into big, long chunks.nPut the pot of broth over medium heat. Add the flour, whisking to avoid getting lumps. Bring the sauce to a simmer stirring constantly so it doesnt stick or burn, until it has thickened slightly, about 10 minutes.nRemove the asparagus from the jar, reserving the liquid, and cut the stalks into thirds. Whisk the asparagus water into the thickened broth. Add the cream and capers, stirring to combine. Add the chicken and asparagus to the sauce and stir to coat. Cook a couple of minutes to heat through and bring the flavors together. Transfer the chicken fricassee to a decorative platter or bowl and garnish with chopped scallions., ingredients: [4 skinon, bonein chicken breast halves, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 large white onion, coarsely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 11.5 ounce jar white asparagus in water, 13 cup heavy cream, 13 cup capers, drained and rinsed, Chopped scallions, for garnish], title: Grandma Titas Chicken Fricassee, picturelink: TjHr4X1ctQ.k4OS.5CzG0hnD1P0LHhu}, 17748: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat the winter squash with 3 tablespoons of olive oil and 1 teaspoon of sea salt. Put the coated squash in a glass roasting pan and roast for 45 minutes. Put the garlic and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a small strip of foil, wrap it up and roast it in the oven for 20 minutes. You can do this while the squash is roasting.nAdd the squash with the roasted garlic and 1 cup vegetable stock to a blender and puree until smooth. Add mixture to an 8quart stock pot with the pepper, remaining vegetable stock, goat milk, the fresh thyme, and the remaining tablespoon of salt. Let simmer for 30 minutes. Stir occasionally with wooden spoon to incorporate flavors. Ladle into serving bowls and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [6 cups fresh or frozen winter squash doesnt need to be thawed cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 teaspoon sea salt, plus 1 tablespoon for the soup, 12 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 cups vegetable stock, divided, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12 cups goat milk, 3 sprigs fresh thyme], title: Oven Roasted Winter Squash Soup with Goat Milk, picturelink: null}, 17749: {instructions: Mix the olives, onion, tomatoes and cheeses in a large bowl. Set aside. Blend the garlic, salt, pepper, basil, vinegar and oil into a dressing by placing in a covered jar and shaking. Pour it over the ingredients in the bowl, and toss gently. Set aside. Prepare each roll by cutting a shallow plug hole 2inches in diameter out of the top, then pulling out the soft inside. Make sure you leave some bread on the bottom. The pulled out bread can be saved to make bread crumbs later. Melt butter, add the fresh basil leaves and allow the basil flavors to infuse into the butter. Brush some of the basil butter into the bottom of each roll. Place about 23 cup of the filling into each roll, then replace the plug on the top. Use aluminum foil to wrap each sandwich individually. If not cooking right away, place in the refrigerator and remove about an hour before baking. Bake in a 350 degree oven for 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 7ounce jar pitted Kalamata olives, drained and sliced, 1 12 cups diced, peeled white onion, 1 pound ripe beefsteak tomatoes, chopped, 12 pound mozzarella cheese, diced about 1 12 cups, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 cloves pressed garlic, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 14 cup wine vinegar, 13 cup olive oil, 10 hard rolls, 3 tablespoons soft butter, 3 fresh basil leaves], title: Margarets Hot Bandanas, picturelink: null}, 17750: {instructions: Line an 8by8inch baking pan with aluminum foil and lightly grease with vegetable spray. Sprinkle the peanuts over the bottom of the pan. Put the milk and sugar in a medium, heavybottomed saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Boil over medium heat, occasionally stirring to keep from sticking. Cook until the mixture reaches 240 degrees F soft ball. Remove from the heat and gently place the butter, peanut butter and vanilla in the pan, taking care not to disturb the syrup. Do not stir. Let the mixture cool down for 5 minutes, then beat vigorously with a spoon or the flat beater of a stationary mixer until dense and smooth. Turn the fudge into the prepared pan, spreading it evenly with a metal spatula. With a sharp knife, score into portions. Let set, 45 minutes then cut into 1 13inch squares., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable spray, 14 cup roasted, unsalted peanuts, coarsely chopped, 1 cup milk, 2 12 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 ounces creamy peanut butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Peanut Butter Fudge, picturelink: null}, 17751: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nFor the Chicken:nCombine all of the spices, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Add the cubed chicken and toss to coat. Put the chicken on the skewers and lay on the grill. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, turning often so that the spices dont burn, about 10 to 12 minutes. Arrange on a serving platter and serve with the Herb Sauce.nFor the Herb Sauce:nAdd the fresh herbs, spices, salt, lime juice, and honey to a blender carafe. Blend to combine and with the motor running, slowly add the olive oil. Once combined, taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary, and transfer to a serving bowl., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Hungarian paprika, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch cubes, 5 8inch wooden skewers, soaked 1 hour, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 12 cup mint leaves, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 tablespoon ground ginger, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 lime, juiced, 1 12 teaspoons honey, 12 cup olive oil], title: Moroccan Chicken Skewers with Herb Sauce, picturelink: 7gnQznotuo9gJuDdfVKJ9R7yKILU6}, 17752: {instructions: Make the cookies: Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, shortening and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the egg, vanilla and food coloring and beat until smooth and the color is fully incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Cover and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll tablespoonfuls of dough into balls and arrange 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are puffed and set, 16 to 18 minutes. Let cool 2 minutes on the baking sheets, then make an indentation in each cookie using the back of a small measuring spoon. Transfer to racks to cool completely.nMake the filling: Microwave the white chocolate and heavy cream in a microwavesafe bowl in 20second intervals, stirring, until smooth. Beat the cream cheese, butter and confectioners sugar in a bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the white chocolate mixture, vanilla and salt and beat until smooth. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a star tip and pipe into the indentations in the cookies. Sprinkle with red sanding sugar. Store in the refrigerator.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 cups cake flour, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons vegetable shortening, at room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon red gel food coloring, 3 12 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, Red sanding sugar, for decorating], title: Red Velvet Thumbprints, picturelink: ZEgzHbZyFAXQoNu0PxaAsbBfVfwDxr.}, 17753: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Put the eggs in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat and let sit, covered, 10 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water until cool. Peel, chop and set aside.nMeanwhile, drizzle the salmon with the juice of 12 lemon and season generously with salt and pepper set aside 10 minutes.nMake the dressing: Combine the juice of the remaining 12 lemon in a small bowl with the lemon zest, vinegar, shallot and tarragon whisk to combine. Gradually whisk in the olive oil until combined season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nBrush the grill grates with vegetable oil. Lightly brush the lettuce, avocados and corn with vegetable oil. Grill the vegetables, turning, until well marked, about 2 minutes for the lettuce and avocados and 5 to 6 minutes for the corn transfer to a cutting board. Meanwhile, grill the salmon, turning once, until just cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to the cutting board and let rest 5 minutes.nRoughly chop the lettuce, discarding the core transfer to a large platter. Add the basil and dill and toss. Cut the kernels off the corn and chop the avocado and salmon. Arrange the corn, tomatoes, hardboiled eggs, salmon and avocados in rows over the salad season with salt and pepper. Drizzle with the dressing and top with parsley., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 1 1pound piece skinless centercut salmon preferably wild, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, plus the juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 shallot, chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh tarragon, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 2 heads romaine lettuce, halved lengthwise, 2 avocados, halved, pitted and peeled, 2 ears of corn, shucked, 1 cup fresh basil, torn, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh dill, 1 12 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, Chopped fresh parsley for topping], title: Grilled Salmon Cobb Salad, picturelink: WEhwbYleB9YI4vQbjrAAb2CzInXGgj2}, 17754: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with 48 mini cupcake liners.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time, scraping the bowl after each addition. Add the vanilla and almond extracts. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Alternate folding the milk and flour mixture into the butter mixture. Fill the cupcake liners halfway and bake for 12 minutes. Cool.nTo assemble: Dip the top of each cupcake into the Raspberry Glaze, making sure to cover the entire top of the cake to the rim of the paper. Using a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip, pipe a generous dollop of the pale lavender Swiss Meringue in the center of the cake, keeping a rim of the Raspberry Glaze visible. Top the Swiss Meringue with the stacked Peach and Green Almond Cake. Using a small pastry brush, glaze each raspberry with raspberry jam and sit on top of the cake. Lightly dust the top of each cupcake with zested bittersweet dark chocolate.nPlace the jam in a small saucepan. Dissolve the jam to liquid over low heat, 1 to 2 minutes.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results. .nCombine the egg whites, sugar, and salt in a heatproof bowl of a standing mixer set over a pan of simmering water. Whisk constantly until the mixture is warm to the touch and the sugar has dissolved. The mixture should feel completely smooth when rubbed between your fingertips. Attach the bowl to the mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Starting on low and gradually increasing to mediumhigh speed, whisk until stiff, but not dry, peaks form. Continue mixing until the mixture is fluffy and glossy and completely cool. Add a few drops of purple vegetable dye and mix well until a light lavender color.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 half sheet trays with silicone mats.nSift together the flour and salt in a small bowl and set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the almond paste and sugar together until small crumbs form. Add the butter and beat on high speed until the mixture is combined. Scrape down the bowls and add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating until each is incorporated. Add the flour mixture in 3 parts, beating on low speed after each addition. Divide the batters between 2 small mixing bowls. In the first bowl, add a few drops of the peach vegetable dye to the batter and mix well until a pale peach color. In the second bowl, add a few drops of the green vegetable dye and mix well until a pale green color. Spread each batter on prepared sheet trays. Bake for 10 minutes. When cooled, cut the peach cake using a 1inch round fluted pastry cutter, and cut the green cake using a 12inch round fluted pastry cutter. Stack the green cakes on top of the peach cakes and set aside., ingredients: [1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups superfine sugar, 5 eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons almond extract, 2 13 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces milk, Raspberry Glaze, recipe follows, Swiss Meringue, recipe follows, 48 Staked Almond Cakes, recipe follows, 1 pint fresh raspberries, for garnish, Raspberry jam, for garnish, 1 bar bittersweet dark chocolate, for garnish, 12 cup seedless raspberry jam, 5 large egg whites, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, Pinch salt, Purple vegetable dye, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 7 ounces almond paste, 34 cups sugar, 34 cups 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 3 eggs, Peach vegetable dye, Green vegetable dye], title: Almond Cupcakes with Raspberry Glaze, Swiss Meringue, and Stacked Almond Cakes, picturelink: wwxHfEhdtELZY2Z8ASfZwNcTGMvyqsa}, 17755: {instructions: Make the frosting: Whisk the egg whites and sugar in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water until the mixture is warm and the sugar dissolves, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the bowl from the pan and beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff, glossy peaks form, 6 to 8 minutes. Beat in the almond extract, then beat in the butter a few pieces at a time. Continue beating until the frosting is smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Dont worry if the mixture looks separated at first keep beating and it will come together.nAssemble the cake: Bring the honey and 2 tablespoons water to a gentle simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat let cool slightly. Place 1 cake layer on a platter brush with half of the honey mixture and spread the apple butter on top, stopping about 12 inch from the edge. Top with the second cake layer and press down gently brush with the remaining honey mixture. Cover the whole cake with the frosting and top with sliced almonds.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two 9inchround cake pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper butter the parchment and dust the pans with flour, tapping out the excess.nWhisk 3 cups flour, the baking powder and salt in a bowl until combined. Beat 2 sticks butter and the sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to medium beat in the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the bowl as needed. Beat in the vanilla. The mixture may look separated at this point.nMix 12 cup water with the cream in a liquid measuring cup or bowl. Beat the flour mixture into the butter mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the cream mixture, beginning and ending with flour, until just smooth.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans. Bake until the cakes are lightly golden on top and the centers spring back when pressed, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to racks and let cool 10 minutes, then run a knife around the edge of the pans and turn the cakes out onto the racks to cool completely. Remove the parchment. Trim the tops of the cakes with a long serrated knife to make them level, if desired., ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 3 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons honey, Basic Vanilla Cake, recipe follows, baked and cooled, 34 cup apple butter, Sliced almonds, toasted, for topping, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pans, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pans, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 34 cup heavy cream], title: HoneyAppleAlmond Cake, picturelink: PkBP3F2wz2sPEuy72awFWfulsv74nG.}, 17756: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the turnips on a baking sheet. Scatter the garlic and thyme over the top. Drizzle with the butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toss to combine.nRoast until the turnips are tender and golden, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [3 pounds turnips, peeled, cut into 1inch wedges, 8 to 10 unpeeled cloves garlic, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Kosher salt and ground black pepper], title: Butter Roasted Turnips, picturelink: iA5ZF0vCnBP6BH4XW2eyewMUgiu7Pb6}, 17757: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise with cheese in medium bowl. Arrange chicken on baking sheet. Evenly top with mayonnaise mixture, then sprinkle with bread crumbs.nBake 20 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked.nCost per recipe: 7.16nCost per serving: 1.79nBased on average retail prices at national supermarkets., ingredients: [12 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 114 lbs., 4 tsp. Italian seasoned dry bread crumbs], title: Parmesan Crusted Chicken, picturelink: null}, 17758: {instructions: Slice fish across the grain into thin 18inch thick medallions about 1 12inches in diameter. Place a sheet of plastic wrap in the palm of your hand and lay a piece of fish on it. Put 1 rounded tablespoon sushi rice on the fish, gather up the edges of the plastic, and twist to form the combination into a ball.nKeep sushi cold until ready to serve.nNote: This recipe can be used in conjunction with the other recipes for the elements of the Bento Box of sushi hors doeuvres made on the episode which also included: Traditional Osaka Style Sushi, Maki, and Nigiri Sushi. Also refer to the Sushi Rice recipe as needed., ingredients: [1 pound sushi quality tuna, salmon, yellowtail, snapper, 1 12 cups prepared vinegared sushi rice], title: Rice Balls, picturelink: GXmYX0CamRwjBQXniwHGLPP0hICP2nm}, 17759: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill 4 glasses with ice. Pour lemonade into each glass and top with beer., ingredients: [Ice, 2 cups lemonade, 1 16ounce bottle lager beer], title: Touchdown Lemon Shandy, picturelink: eDBfRuPDwMlHkUQlZ36PYLTaFB9PeqO}, 17760: {instructions: If using a deep fryer, heat vegetable oil to 375 degrees F.nIn a bowl combine the crabmeat, mayonnaise, and pepper. Form into either 1ounce balls for fritters or into 3ounce cakes. Roll in the panko to evenly coat. Deepfry the fritters in until golden brown, about 5 to 7 minutes or panfry the cakes in 1 to 2 inches of 375 degree F vegetable oil until golden brown and flip to brown on the other side about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Drain both on a tray lined with paper towels. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup lump or backfin crabmeat, 1 cup special crabmeat small pieces white crabmeat, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 12 cups panko bread crumbs, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Crab Cakes or Fritters, picturelink: null}, 17761: {instructions: Accompaniment: Mustard Mashed Potatoes recipe followsnIn a small heavy saucepan simmer maple syrup, gingerroot, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, soy sauce, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste until reduced to about 1 cup, about 30 minutes, and let cool. Maple glaze may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring maple glaze to room temperature before proceeding.nPreheat oven to 350 degree. If using cedar plank, lightly oil and heat in middle of oven 15 minutes or lightly oil a shallow baking pan large enough to hold salmon.nArrange scallion greens in one layer on plank or in baking pan to form a bed for fish.nIn another small saucepan heat half of glaze over low heat until heated through to use as a sauce. Stir in remaining tablespoon lemon juice. Remove pan from heat and keep sauce warm, covered.nPut salmon, skin side down, on scallion greens and brush with remaining glaze. Season salmon with salt and pepper and roast in middle of oven until just cooked through, about 20 minutes if using baking pan or about 35 if using plank.nCut salmon crosswise into 6 pieces. On each of 6 plates arrange salmon and scallion greens on a bed of mashed potatoes. Drizzle salmon with warm sauce.nIn a 5quart kettle cover potatoes with cold salted water by 2 inches and simmer until tender, 35 to 45 minutes. While potatoes are simmering, in a small saucepan heat milk with butter over moderate heat until butter is melted. Remove pan from heat and keep milk mixture warm, covered.nIn a colander drain potatoes and cool just until they can be handled. Peel potatoes, transferring to a large bowl. Add mustard, salt and pepper to taste, and three fourths hot milk mixture and with a potato masher mash potatoes until smooth, adding more milk mixture if necessary to make them creamy. Potatoes may be made 1 day ahead and cooled completely before being chilled in a buttered ovenproof dish, covered. Bring potatoes to room temperature before reheating, covered. Yield: 6 servings, ingredients: [1 cup pure maple syrup, 2 tablespoons finely grated peeled fresh gingerroot, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, An untreated cedar plank about 17 by 10 12 inches if desired, 1 2 12pound centercut salmon fillet with skin, Greens from 1 bunch scallions, 3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, 1 12 cups milk, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons wholegrain or coarsegrain mustard], title: CedarPlanked Salmon with Maple Glaze and Mustard Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 17762: {instructions: Char the peppers by holding them over an open flame of a gas burner with tongs. Then place the peppers in a plastic bag for at least 30 minutes to steam the skin loose. When the pepper is cool enough to handle, remove the charred skin, using a paring knife if necessary. Slit a side of the chiles and remove the seeds. Stuff the chiles with the cheese.nMix all the dry ingredients together. Roll the stuffed chiles in the flour mixture. Saute the chiles on a flat grill or in a skillet coated with vegetable oil for 1 to 2 minutes per side or until the cheese is melted.nServe 2 to 3 chiles per serving. Smother them in Green Chile stew or salsa and serve them with lettuce and tomatoes.nSaute the potatoes, onions, and garlic in the vegetable oil for 5 minutes or until almost soft. Then add the green chile, water, and salt. Boil for 15 minutes.nIn a small bowl combine the flour and water and whisk well to make the thickener. Add the thickener and let simmer for 5 minutes. This can be served in a bowl with a tortilla and sour cream. You can add beef, chicken, or pork. This can also be used as a sauce for your favorite Mexican dishes. Or even over a steak or chicken breast. Garnish with lettuce and tomatoes., ingredients: [8 to 10 Hatch New Mexico green chiles, 8 to 10 ounces Monterey jack, grated, 1 cup blue corn flour, 1 tablespoon flour, Pinch salt, Pinch garlic powder, Pinch ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, to coat skillet, Serving suggestions: Green Chile Stew, recipe follows or salsa, Lettuce and tomatoes, as a garnish, 3 baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and diced, 1 large yellow Mexican onion, diced, 2 tablespoons crushed fresh garlic, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 cups chopped roasted green chile, 10 cups water, 1 12 tablespoons salt, Thickener Ingredients:, 2 cups flour, 12 cups water, Lettuce and tomatoes, as a garnish], title: Chile Rellenos, picturelink: null}, 17763: {instructions: Peel pears and remove the core from the bottom using a melon baller, keeping the stem end intact. Scrub the pears with a new abrasive plastic scrubbing pad to remove any rough edges or textures left from the knife. Set the pears aside.nIn a large stockpot, combine the tardio, red wine, sugar, cinnamon sticks, star anise, and cloves and bring to a boil. Add the pears and cook until tender, about 25 minutes. Remove the pears and reduce the remaining liquid by half, about 45 minutes.nIn a food processor, puree the cabrales and toasted walnuts, and set aside. Place the mixture in a pastry bag and stuff the pears with walnut and cabrales mixture.nServe with the reduced poaching liquid., ingredients: [6 Bosc pears, 12 gallon 2 quarts tardio a sweet, late harvest wine made from the Torrentes grape, preferred brand, Santa Julia, 12 gallon 2 quarts Malbec, 1 cup sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 5 star anise, 2 cloves, 6 tablespoons crumbled cabrales Spanish blue cheese, 12 cup toasted walnuts], title: Cabrales Stuffed Poached Pears: Peras Cabrales, picturelink: null}, 17764: {instructions: Bring 6 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the tea bags. Remove the saucepan from the heat and let the tea steep, about 5 minutes. Add the sugar and stir until dissolved. Add the cream, milk and lime slices. Cover the saucepan and refrigerate until cold. Serve the tea in glasses., ingredients: [8 jasmine tea bags, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup unsweetened coconut milk, Lime slices, for flavor], title: Coconut Ice Tea, picturelink: VtApbOu4RN9HLCZqd3q6PXGGY363lq}, 17765: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the sliced bread on a sheet pan and bake for 6 to 8 minutes, until crisp.nArrange the 4 wedges of Brie snugly in one layer in a glass or ceramic baking dish. Drizzle the honey over the wedges and then scatter the pistachios over the top. Bake for 3 to 5 minutes depending on the ripeness of the Brie until the Brie just begins to ooze but isnt melted. Be carefulit happens fastnPlace the mache in a large bowl and toss it gently with the balsamic vinegar and olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Divide the salad among 4 large salad plates and place a piece of the warm Brie with the pistachios in the center of each plate. Place a quarter of the apple slices on each plate fanned out on one side of the Brie. Place 2 or 3 slices of toasted baguette on the other side of the Brie and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Drizzle with the honey still in the baking dish and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 French baguette, sliced 12 inch thick diagonally, 12 ounces good French Brie, cut into 4 wedges, 6 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons roasted and salted pistachios, 4 ounces mache leaves 8 to 10 ounces with roots attached, 1 tablespoon syrupy aged balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large Granny Smith apple, cored and thinly sliced], title: Mache with Warm Brie and Apples, picturelink: LOZEGPJMhlwqcG7NoC2U5yQpfDg8.T.}, 17766: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together and marinate chicken, covered and refrigerated at least 4 hours, preferably overnight. On a hot grill, season chicken and cook through, about 8 minutes a side. Be careful not to burn the skin.nSLAW: In a bowl, whisk together fish sauce, vinegar, chile flakes, basil and sugar. Toss together the vegetables together and add to vinaigrette. Toss well and check for seasoning. This should rest for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 chicken breasts, skin on with drummette, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon sambal, 1 bunch chopped scallions, 12 cup red wine, 14 cup minced garlic, 14 cup minced ginger, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup fish sauce, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 tablespoon chile flakes, 12 bunch basil chiffonade, 12 tablespoon sugar, Salt and black pepper to taste, 3 cups napa cabbage chiffonade, 1 cup carrots shredded, 1 cup bean sprouts, 12 cup scallions chopped], title: Hoisin Marinated Chicken with Napa Slaw, picturelink: null}, 17767: {instructions: In a large pot, heat up the olive oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter, over medium heat. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cauliflower florets and stir with a wooden spoon. Add celery, onion and thyme and cook for 3 minutes. Push the vegetables to 1 side of the pot. Melt 1 more tablespoon of butter on empty side of pot and add flour to the butter. Cook for 1 minute, stirring the flour in the butter. Mix in chicken broth and halfandhalf. Bring up to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Puree soup using an emersion blender, food processor or blender and return to pot. I like to leave it a little chunky. Check seasoning and add a dash of hot sauce, if desired.nGarnish soup with hot pepper sauce, chopped parsley or chives and serve with grated cheese to sprinkle on top.nPreheat broiler.nToast English muffin halves and then place on a cookie sheet. In a small saucepan, melt the butter with the garlic over low heat. Brush toasted muffins with garlic butter and top with lots of grated cheddar and Parmesan cheeses. Sprinkle a little paprika over toasts, then place under broiler until cheeses are melted and browned. Serve cheesy toasts with soup for dipping., ingredients: [Coarse salt and coarse black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 small heads cauliflower, or 1 large, cut into small bunches of florets, 3 ribs celery and leafy tops from the heart of stalk, finely chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 quart chicken broth, 1 cup halfandhalf or whole milk, Hot sauce, optional, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves or chives, for garnish, 12 cup grated Parmesan, for passing at the table, 3 sandwich size sourdough English muffins recommended: Thomas brand split, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 garlic clove, minced, Grated cheddar and Parmesan, Paprika], title: Cauliflower Soup and Garlic and Cheese Sourdough Dippers, picturelink: C2FWllY04WpBLdOZ23ACSHzUNkdNG3O}, 17768: {instructions: Whisk the marmalade or jam together with vinegar and oil, streaming extravirgin olive oil in. Add shredded radicchio to salad bowl along with peppers and onions. Toss to combine the salad and season the slaw with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 teaspoons orange marmalade or apricot jam, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 2 large heads radicchio, shredded 5 to 6 cups, 1 red bell pepper, quartered lengthwise then thinly sliced, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, Salt and pepper], title: Italian Slaw Salad, picturelink: lK.pgjVyeQczsOItYrnQ8Sh0qfUNhYu}, 17769: {instructions: Preheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nQuick hit corn on grill to get a bit of color. Strip kernels off cob.nFine dice the peppers and onion. Place the butter into a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Once melted, cook the peppers and onions until tender. Add sugar, salt and pepper, to taste. Add corn. Add tarragon at end., ingredients: [8 ears fresh corn, 1 red pepper, 1 orange pepper, 2 jalapeno pepper, 1 large onion, 3 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon sugar, Freshly chopped tarragon leaves, to taste], title: Spicy Corn Medley, picturelink: null}, 17770: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with paper towels, set aside. Heat oil in a deep fat fryer to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, salt, and pepper. Add chicken and turn to coat. Remove chicken from egg mixture and dredge in bread crumbs. Working in batches, carefully place dredged chicken into heated oil and cook until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to prepared baking sheet to drain. Sprinkle with salt. Serve dipping sauce on the side. Serve vegetable sticks as an accompaniment.nIn a medium saucepan, combine orange juice, marmalade, ketchup, vinegar, sugar, cornstarch, soy sauce, hot pepper sauce, and salt. Whisk to combine. Place over medium heat and bring to a boil, whisking occasionally. Boil until slightly thickened, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and cool. Yield: 2 cups, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 6 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds skinless boneless chicken breast, cut into 34inch strips, 1 to 1 12 cups fresh bread crumbs or panko Japanese bread crumbs, Sweet and Sour Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, Carrot sticks, for serving, optional, Celery sticks, for serving, optional, Cucumber sticks, for serving, optional, 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 cup orange marmalade, 13 cup ketchup, 12 cup applecider vinegar, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper sauce, 14 teaspoon coarse salt], title: Chicken Fingers, picturelink: null}, 17771: {instructions: For the crust: Spoon flour into measuring cup and level. Combine flour and salt in a medium bowl. Cut in shortening using a pastry blender until all flour is blended to form peasized chunks. Sprinkle with water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Toss lightly with fork until dough forms a ball. Press dough between hands to form a 5 to 6inch pancake. Lightly flour rolling surface and rolling pin. Roll dough into circle. Trim 1inch larger than upsidedown pie plate. Loosen dough carefully. Fold dough into quarters. Unfold and press into pie plate. Fold edge under. Flute.nFor the filling: Blend sugar and cornstarch in a saucepan add lemonlime soda. Cook stirring until smooth and thick. Add strawberries and cook for a few minutes. If desired, add red food coloring. Pour into cooled pie shell. Chill. Top with whipped cream if desired., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup shortening, 5 tablespoons cold water, 1 cup sugar, 5 tablespoons cornstarch, 7 ounces lemonlime soda, 1 quart whole strawberries, Red food coloring, if desired], title: Our Favorite Fresh Strawberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 17772: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nAdd the tomatillos to a baking sheet along with the jalapenos and onion wedges. Toss with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and roast about 7 minutes. Turn the vegetables, add the garlic and roast until everything is slightly softened and charred, another 7 to 8 minutes. Set aside to cool.nPeel the garlic and remove the stems and seeds from the jalapenos. Add the roasted vegetables to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until still slightly chunky but well combined. Add the cilantro, lime juice and 1 teaspoon salt and pulse until incorporated. With the processor running, stream in the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil until the salsa is slightly runny but not smooth. At this point you can season with additional salt if desired.nServe with chips or as a salsa for tacos and burritos., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh tomatillos, husked and well rinsed, 2 fresh jalapeno peppers, 1 medium white onion, quartered, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 12 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, Juice of 12 lime, Kosher salt], title: Roasted Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: wZHeZPuA8hogbS6j9IwDEduNp7Vdnm}, 17773: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an 8inch square baking dish in the freezer to chill while you make the simple syrup.nCombine the sugar and 12 cup of water in a small saucepan over low heat until the sugar is dissolved and syrup is at a gentle boil. Remove it from the heat, and allow it to cool..nPull the chilled baking dish out of the freezer, and pour the coconut milk into the dish. You may need to whisk it to smooth out any lumps.nWhisk in the simple syrup, lime zest, lime juice and fresh coconut until well combined. Place the dish in the freezer, and let it chill for 1 hour.nPull it out of the freezer, and using a fork, break up the ice crystals forming around the edge of the dish, by dragging them into the more molten center. Return to the freezer and repeat this process every hour or so, smoothing out the granita before you return it to the freezer. The whole process should take about 3 hours. When youre ready to serve, allow the granita to sit at room temperature for about 5 minutes so that it softens. Spoon the mixture into a small bowl or glass, and top with a little coarse sea salt., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 13 12ounce can coconut milk not lowfat, Zest of 1 lime, Juice of 12 a lime, 2 tablespoons shredded coconut either fresh or the unsweetened desiccated kind, Coarse sea salt], title: CoconutLime Granita, picturelink: TSDWcEmfL7NrTZfrq0ZPCqxnhQ1Ty2}, 17774: {instructions: Puree fruit in a blender, adding just enough water or water and ice to blend. Strain puree through a fine sieve if it is fibrous or seedy.nPut puree in a pitcher, adding more water or water and ice to make a total of 8 cups. Stir in sugar and mint, if using, and lime juice to taste. Serve., ingredients: [1 large ripe cantaloupe or honeydew, seeded and diced or 1 small watermelon, seeded and diced or 1 pineapple, diced, or other fruit, similarly prepared, 14 cup sugar, more or less, optional, Chopped fresh mint, optional, Juice of 1 lime], title: Agua Fresca, picturelink: null}, 17775: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl add the strawberries, blueberries, sugar, grenadine, and lime juice. Stir to dissolve as much sugar as possible. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, stirring a couple of times to agitate and help create juices.nWhen ready to serve, divide the mixture among 4 low ball glasses. Pour 6 ounces beer into each glass and give a gentle stir. Drink, ingredients: [4 strawberries, chopped, 14 cup blueberries, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons grenadine, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 12ounce bottles beer, cold recommended: Corona or a pilsner], title: Beer Punch, picturelink: JEunew1ttkC3wJn1y5gT1qOG61gxnVG}, 17776: {instructions: In a bowl, combine wine and mustard to dissolve. Add ginger, garlic, oil and juniper berries. Coat squab with marinade and let stand for 4 hours. Season the squab. Heat a skillet and coat with oil. Pan sear the squab, breast side down until brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Squab should be eaten rare. Let rest 4 minutes.nWATERCRESS SALAD: In a bowl, whisk together juice, sugar and oil. Toss well with nuts and greens. Season and check.nMANGO SAUCE: In a small stockpot or large saucepan, coat lightly with oil and brown mire poix. Deglaze with wine and reduce by 80 percent. Add thyme, ginger, pepper, soy, carcasses and cover with water, 6 to 8 cups. Bring to a boil and turn down heat to simmer, 112 hours. Strain. Place in another saucepan and reduce by 50 percent. Whisk in the mango puree and butter. Season and check. Keep warm.nPLATING: On white plates, sauce the whole plate. Place a small mound of salad in the center and lay 2 pieces of squab on top, legs crissedcrossed. Garnish with nuts., ingredients: [1 cup red wine, 12 tablespoon dry mustard, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup canola oil, 12 tablespoon juniper berries, 4 squabs, breast and leg removed attached, carcass roasted, Canola oil to coat, Salt and black pepper to taste, Juice of 2 limes, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons chopped macadamia nuts, save a little for garnish, 3 cups watercress, Salt and black pepper to taste, Canola oil to cook, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, 12 cup red wine, 2 sprigs thyme, 2 large slices ginger, 12 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 4 carcasses, Water to cover, 1 large ripe mango, pureed in a blender 1 cup puree, 3 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Ginger Marinated Squab with Mango Sauce and Watercress Salad, picturelink: null}, 17777: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring the chicken stock and 1 12 cups water to a boil in a pot. Reduce the heat to a simmer and gradually whisk in the cornmeal. Cook, stirring, until tender, 30 to 35 minutes the polenta should still be thin enough to pour. Stir in the butter, parsley, nutmeg and salt and pepper to taste.nButter a baking dish. Pour in onequarter of the polenta and top with 1 kind of diced cheese of your choice. Add another quarter of the polenta followed by another diced cheese. Add another layer of polenta and the remaining diced cheese. Top with the remaining polenta and sprinkle with the ParmigianoReggiano. Garnish with the rosemary and tomatoes. If you are not serving immediately, let the casserole cool, then cover and refrigerate. To reheat, bring to room temperature, then bake as directed. It may take an extra 10 to 15 minutes.nBake the casserole until golden, 20 to 30 minutes.nIf you have any leftovers, fry the polenta and serve it the next morning with eggs., ingredients: [3 cups chicken stock, 1 12 cups coarse cornmeal slowcooking polenta, 3 tablespoons butter, plus more for the baking dish, A handful of fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, A few gratings of fresh nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 ounces diced soft cheese, such as goat cheese or sheeps milk ricotta, 4 ounces diced ripe Camembert or Brie, 4 ounces diced mild or medium Cheddar, or cows milk melting cheese, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, A few sprigs of fresh rosemary, for garnish, Chopped tomato or halved cherry or grape tomatoes, for garnish], title: Four Cheese Polenta, picturelink: tpNthQuhxqPHkARnCa6kVetXOHGDTbC}, 17778: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Oil a jellyroll baking pan and line it with waxed paper oiled on both sides. Separate the yolks and whites in 2 bowls. Sift the flour and baking powder together.nBeat the yolks until light and lemon colored, about 20 minutes. The consistency should be very thick, and when you lift the beaters, the mixture should fall in one solid mass, known as the ribbon stage. Add 12 cup of the sugar, 2 tablespoons at a time. Add the vanilla and beat 3 minutes more.nWhip the egg whites until soft peaks form. Add the remaining 12 cup sugar slowly until it makes a meringue. Add the whites to the yolks onethird at a time and fold in with a rubber spatula. Add the flour all at once and fold in.nSpread the batter in the pan and bake for 20 to 30 minutes or until the cake comes away from the sides of the pan. Let it rest for 5 minutes, then remove it from the pan and place on a clean tea towel that has been dusted with confectioners sugar. Remove the waxed paper by rubbing the top of the paper with a dry cloth all over the surface and peeling off. Cover the cake with another tea towel and roll up the cake lengthwise in the towels, like a jellyroll, while still warm.nFor the filling: Whip the cream and vanilla until soft peaks form. Add the confectioners sugar. Add the fruit to the whipped cream and fold in.nFor the soaking liquid: Mix the milks with a whisk. Add the liquor.nFor the frosting: In a mixing bowl, beat the butter until soft and fluffy, about 10 minutes. Add the vanilla and mix for 2 minutes. Slowly add the confectioners sugar until it is well incorporated. Add the milk.nTo assemble the cake: Unroll the cake and remove the tea towel from the top layer. Spread the whipped cream mixture on the cake and, using the bottom as leverage, roll it up lengthwise. Transfer the cake to a serving tray seam side down. Make holes in the cake with a skewer and drizzle the soaking liquid, slowly, letting it absorb bit by bit. Cover the cake with the frosting., ingredients: [10 eggs, kept at room temperature for 12 hour, 1 cup allpurpose flour, sifted, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 cups chopped strawberries or Guyaba or other fruit, in 12inch pieces, 34 cup sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup crema or halfandhalf, 1 cup evaporated milk, 2 tablespoons rum, brandy, mezcal, or other liquor of your choice, 12 cup 1 stick butter, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 tablespoons milk], title: Pastel de Tres Leches Three Milk Cake, picturelink: null}, 17779: {instructions: To make garlic butter: In a food processor, combine all ingredients. Blend until a perfectly smooth paste forms.nTo make chicken: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. With clean hands, wash the chicken, remove the giblets, and pat the chicken completely dry with paper towels. Lightly grease the bottom of a sturdy roasting pan. Salt the inside of the chicken with 1 teaspoon sea salt and stuff with the lemon wheels, thyme, rosemary, and garlic. Using butchers twine, truss the chicken breast side up, making sure to tuck in the wings and legs tightly. Place the chicken in the roasting pan and generously baste it with the garlic butter. Cover the chicken loosely with aluminum foil and roast for approximately 2 hours. Cook whole roasting chickens, fully thawed, 20 to 25 minutes per pound. Remove the foil for the last 30 minutes of roasting time. Make sure the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F, the juices run clear, and the flesh is firm to the touch., ingredients: [34 garlic head, peeled, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, stems discarded, 1 tablespoon butter, softened, 34 teaspoon sea salt, 1 56 pounds roasting chicken, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 lemon, thinly sliced into wheels, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, 1 garlic head, unpeeled, halved and broken into cloves], title: Whole Roasted GoTo Chicken, picturelink: null}, 17780: {instructions: Soak berries in red wine.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil in a large deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add bacon and crisp 3 to 4 minutes. Add onion, garlic and cook 3 to 4 minutes to soften. Add red chard and wilt, 2 to 3 minutes. Season greens with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Stir in cranberries and wine. Cook for 1 minute then add in stock and simmer a few minutes to combine flavors., ingredients: [12 cup dried sweetened cranberries, 1 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 medium bundles red Swiss chard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup turkey or chicken stock], title: Dark Greens with Cranberries, picturelink: XI4wvuhGwMNePWITlLkNoxEihrGFqo2}, 17781: {instructions: For the bacon: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add the bacon, stock and mirepoix to an ovensafe pan, cover with foil and roast for 90 minutes. Then remove the bacon from the stock and allow to cool. Once cooled, portion into 4 portions and hold until recooking.nFor the collards: Add the stock, apple juice, bacon, onions, Cajun spice and collards to a stockpot and cook over mediumhigh heat until simmering. Then reduce the heat to low and cook until the greens are softened and the liquid has reduced to 2 cups, about 1 hour. After cooking, remove from the heat and hold warm.nFor the tomato jam: During the collard process, in a small saucepot over medium heat, add the tomatoes, onions, horseradish, thyme, salt, cayenne, curry, white pepper and turmeric, and allow to cook for 75 minutes, stirring during the process. Once cooked, keep warm and tighten with a slurry if needed.nOnce all three items are cooked, on an ovensafe pan, add the braised bacon pieces, top with tomato jam and heat under the broiler lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Once browned, portion the collards in a centered pile in a bowl, then top with the relishbroiled bacon and serve., ingredients: [12 ounces pork bacon slab, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 cup small dice mirepoix celery, carrot and onion, 12 cups chicken stock, 4 cups apple juice, 12 cup diced bacon, 12 cup diced yellow onion, 1 tablespoon Cajun spice, 1 head collard greens, deveined and chopped into 1inch wide ribbons, 2 cups diced red tomato, 12 cup julienned red onion, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon curry spice, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon turmeric], title: BLT  Braised Bacon, Collards and Tomato Jam, picturelink: BWyB9hhia1kPpSxDN6tj9stJ8jOOZa}, 17782: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nRub the turkey breast with the butter and sprinkle with salt, pepper, rosemary and thyme. Place the turkey skinsideup in a large roasting pan and cover with a tightfitting lid or aluminum foil. Bake until an internal thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 165 degrees F, 1 12 to 2 hours or about 15 minutes per pound. Let rest for 10 minutes.nCut the breast into thick slices and set aside. Pour the pan juices into a measuring cup and skim off the fat use the fat for gravy. Youll need 2 to 3 cups of liquid for the dressing supplement with chicken stock as needed.nIn a very large bowl, mix together the crumbled cornbread, torn white bread and the cranberries. Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan. Add the celery, carrots and onion and cook until tender, about 7 minutes. Add 14 cup of the turkey pan juices and continue cooking until the vegetables are translucent, about 6 minutes. Add the cooked vegetables to the bread mixture. Pour in the orange juice and 1 cup of the pan juices and mix well, using a sturdy spoon or your hands. Continue adding pan juices or chicken stock until the mixture is very moist, almost soupy. Put the dressing in a 9by13by2inch casserole dish. Lay the turkey slices on top of the dressing, using almost all of the meat reserve the rest for gravy or leftovers. Cover the casserole and refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the casserole from the refrigerator and let it stand at room temperature while the oven is heating. Bake until heated through, about 45 minutes. The dressing should be moist. If it appears to have dried out too much overnight, pour another cup of turkey juice over it., ingredients: [1 whole bonein, skinon turkey breast, 5 to 7 pounds, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, One 8inch pan prepared cornbread about 1 pound, crumbled, 10 slices white bread, torn into small pieces, 14 cup dried cranberries, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 celery stalks, diced, 2 carrots, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 cup orange juice], title: Turkey and Dressing Casserole, picturelink: 0wyePaildBb6nBqf14P4zh3Kdx68GB2}, 17783: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring water to a boil. Add salt and pepper. Add grits and cook until water is absorbed, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in butter and cheese.nRinse shrimp and pat dry. Fry the bacon in a large skillet until browned drain well. In grease, add shrimp. Cook until shrimp turn pink. Add lemon juice, chopped bacon, parsley, scallions and garlic. Saute for 3 minutes.nSpoon grits into a serving bowl. Add shrimp mixture and mix well. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups water, Salt and pepper, 1 cup stoneground grits, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 cups shredded sharp cheddar cheese, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 6 slices bacon, chopped, 4 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 cup thinly sliced scallions, 1 large clove garlic, minced], title: Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: 15Tzd5KYmrr.O4IHZGZmQEPI9wTes5S}, 17784: {instructions: An easy tomato and sweet pickle relish tops this black bean burger.n1. In small bowl stir together tomato, relish, onion, and mustard.n2. Cook veggie burger according to package directions.n3. Top bun bottom with lettuce, burger, tomato mixture and bun top., ingredients: [4 grape tomatoes, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish, 1 tablespoon finely chopped red onion, 1 teaspoon spicy brown mustard, 1 Morningstar Farmsu00ae Spicy Black Bean Veggie Burger, 1 whole wheat hamburger bun or hamburger bun, split and toasted about 1 12 oz., 1 lettuce leaf], title: Morningstar Farmsandreg Black Bean Burger with Tomato Relish, picturelink: M4iLvTTUvsmE8Rtn7O00SjGv12iXwQS}, 17785: {instructions: Fill cocktail shaker with ice cubes. Add all ingredients and shake vigorously. Strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with grape or peaches, if desired., ingredients: [1 shot raspberry vodka recommended: Stoli, 1 shot hazelnut liqueur recommended: Frangelico, 1 shot purple grape juice, Fresh grape or peaches, for garnish], title: PB and J Martini, picturelink: null}, 17786: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a medium saucepan or pressure cooker see Note. Add 2 teaspoons salt and enough water to cover the potatoes. Boil the potatoes for 30 minutes, or until they are tender when pierced with the point of a knife but hold their shape. Drain the potatoes, transfer them to a large mixing bowl, and allow them to cool completely. Add the chopped eggs, mayonnaise, and sweet relish, and fold gently to combine. Add salt and pepper to taste. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [5 pounds red potatoes, peeled and cut in 12inch cubes, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste, 4 hardboiled eggs, peeled and diced, 34 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sweet pickle relish, Black pepper], title: Potato Salad, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 17787: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange the sliced baguettes on a baking sheet lined with aluminum foil. In a small bowl, mix together the butter, garlic, onion powder and salt, to taste. Spread the garlic butter evenly on the inside of the bread. Bake until edges are golden, about 10 minutes. Remove from oven, sprinkle with cheese and parsley, then return to oven for another 3 minutes. Slice into a small pieces and serve warm., ingredients: [2 mini baguettes, sliced lengthwise, 12 cup butter, room temperature, 6 cloves garlic, mashed into paste with some salt, 14 teaspoon onion powder, Kosher salt, 14 cup grated aged Asiago cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves], title: Soptastic Garlic Bread, picturelink: t5EmIhFDgLq.04VxPphdxTTCQVAEQFi}, 17788: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason pork chops on both sides with salt and pepper. Pour 1 tablespoon olive oil on a plate and spread the pecans on another plate. Lay each pork chop in the olive oil to coat and then coat both sides with the chopped pecans on both sides.nHeat the remaining olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add pork chops and cook until pecans are light brown on that side. Turn the chops over in the pan and place in the oven until an internal temperature of 165 degrees F is reached, about 10 minutes. Drizzle the chops with Ancho Chili Pepper Barbecue Sauce and serve immediately with plenty of sauce for dipping.nHeat a large stockpot over high heat. Add all the ingredients and stir. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 1 to 2 hours. Strain the sauce and serve immediately or keep warm until ready to use., ingredients: [Four 10ounce pork chops, thickcut, bonein, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup pecans, chopped, Ancho Chili Pepper Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 5 cups ketchup, 12 tablespoon chopped garlic, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 tablespoon liquid smoke, 12 cup beer, 12 cup honey, 1 12 cups water, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 dried ancho chile pepper, crushed, 12 teaspoon ham or chicken stock], title: Pecan Crusted DoubleCut Pork Chops, picturelink: EZ6SwM4OD3Q5xKhDGWS8MPGa8qJT4AK}, 17789: {instructions: Special equipment: round or other shaped cookie cutternFor the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard cupcake or muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners.nCombine the cake flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a small bowl and set aside. Combine the granulated sugar and butter in the bowl of stand mixer with a paddle attachment and mix on medium until creamy. While the mixer is running, add the eggs and yolks one at a time, thoroughly mixing after each egg mix in the vanilla. Alternate adding the flour mixture and sour cream, ending with the flour. Stir in the pecans.nFill the liners threequarters full with the batter and bake until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely before frosting. Raise the oven temperature to 375 degrees F for the pie crust topper.nFor the pie crust topper: In a medium bowl, combine the allpurpose flour, vegetable oil, pecans, milk, granulated sugar, brown sugar and salt. Mix with your hands and press onto a baking sheet into a rectangle about 14 inch thick. Bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Cool completely, and then brush on melted butter with a pastry brush. Use a round cookie cutter or another favorite shape to cut out pie crust toppers.nFor the caramel drizzle: Combine the granulated sugar, butter and 14 cup water in a medium saucepan and cook on mediumhigh heat, whisking occasionally, until the sugar melts and becomes a dark amber color. Remove from the heat and slowly whisk in the cream. Add the salt and vanilla and continue to whisk until the caramel is smooth. Reserve 13 cup of the caramel for the buttercream, and set aside the remaining caramel for the drizzle.nFor the caramel buttercream: Combine the brown sugar, salt and egg whites in the bowl of a heavyduty stand mixer. Set the bowl over a medium saucepan of gently simmering water and whisk until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is frothy and smooth and registers 160 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the bowl to the stand mixer with a whisk attachment and beat on high speed until the mixture has cooled completely and formed stiff and glossy peaks, about 7 minutes. With the mixer running, add the butter one piece at a time. Continue beating until all the butter is incorporated and the frosting looks smooth. Stir in the reserved caramel drizzle and mix with a paddle attachment until fully incorporated and smooth.nTo assemble, put a dollop of the caramel buttercream on each cupcake and place a pie crust topper on top. Drizzle with the reserved caramel drizzle., ingredients: [1 14 cups cake flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks salted butter, softened, 2 eggs plus 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, Salted butter, melted, for brushing, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 34 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 egg whites, 18 tablespoons 2 14 sticks salted butter, softened, 13 cup caramel drizzle], title: Sweet and Salty Opposites Attract Cupcake: Pecan Cake with Pie Crust Topping, Salted Caramel Buttercream and Salted Caramel Drizzle, picturelink: null}, 17790: {instructions: Make RicottaTomato Dip in a small ovenproof skillet top with diced mozzarella and pepperoni, then bake at 350 degrees until bubbling.nRicottaTomato DipnSimmer 2 cups tomato sauce in a small skillet. Add 1 cup ricotta in dollops and warm through. Garnish with basil and drizzle with olive oil.nSee all 50 GameDay DipsnPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Pizza Dip, picturelink: KD7co2PNbwmZJ8tUxXowjO.dQ9ZeRC}, 17791: {instructions: Toast the nuts in a saute pan over medium heat until they become fragrant. Put the nuts onto a plate and set aside when cool enough to handle, chop them roughly. In a small saucepan over medium heat, add the figs, dates, honey, water, lemon juice, and cinnamon stick. Cook for about 10 minutes until fruit is soft. Set aside and let it cool slightly remove the cinnamon stick. Place the yogurt in a big bowl. Spoon the warm fruit onto the yogurt and gently swirl the fruit through the yogurt. Sprinkle on the nuts and garnish with mint leaves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup walnuts, 14 cup almonds, 14 cup pine nuts, 6 figs, fresh or dried, cut into quarters, 6 dates, pitted and chopped, 12 cup honey, 14 cup water, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 cups Greek yogurt, Mint leaves for garnish], title: Greek Yogurt with a Fig, Date, and Honey Swirl, picturelink: DnbaKgrfd4Dlo68Ng5sPsNVrPGtfV5C}, 17792: {instructions: Prepare the loaf: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine the butter, almonds, sugar, cocoa powder, egg yolks, cinnamon, flour and cayenne in a food processor and pulse to make a paste.nOn a floured surface, roll out the dough into a 10by18inch rectangle. Spread the cocoa mixture over the dough, leaving a 1inch border on one of the long sides. Brush the clean border with water. Tightly roll the dough into an 18inch log, rolling toward the clean border pinch the seam to seal. Place seamside down on the baking sheet refrigerate until firm, 30 minutes.nSlide the parchment off the baking sheet and cut the log in half lengthwise with a chefs knife. Slide back onto the baking sheet and pinch one end together with the cut sides facing in. Twist the two halves together, crossing one over the other a few times. Pinch the end together, then tuck both pinched ends under the loaf slightly. Cover the loaf loosely with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until plump, 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Uncover the loaf and bake, rotating the baking sheet halfway through, until golden brown a thermometer inserted into the middle should register 170 degrees F to 175 degrees F, 30 to 35 minutes.nMake the topping: Combine the sugar and cinnamon in a bowl. Brush the warm loaf with the melted butter and sprinkle with some of the cinnamon sugar. Let cool, then sprinkle with more cinnamon sugar.nWarm 12 cup water and the milk in a saucepan over low heat until a thermometer registers 100 degrees F to 110 degrees F. Remove from the heat and sprinkle the yeast on top, then sprinkle with a pinch of the sugar set aside, undisturbed, until foamy, about 5 minutes.nWhisk the melted butter, egg yolk and vanilla into the yeast mixture until combined. In a large bowl, whisk the flour, the remaining sugar, the salt and nutmeg. Make a well in the center, then add the yeast mixture and stir with a wooden spoon to make a thick and slightly sticky dough. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until soft and elastic, about 6 minutes. Shape into a ball.nBrush a large bowl with butter. Add the dough, turning to coat lightly with the butter. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature until the dough is doubled in size, about 1 hour, 15 minutes.nTurn the dough out of the bowl and knead briefly to release excess air reform into a ball and return to the bowl. Lightly butter a large piece of plastic wrap and lay it directly on the surface of the dough. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup sliced blanched almonds, 13 cup sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 large egg yolks, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Large pinch of cayenne pepper, 1 batch Basic SweetRoll Dough, without nutmeg, recipe follows, For the topping:, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup whole milk, 1 14 ounce packet active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 14 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, plus more for brushing, 1 large egg yolk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg optional], title: Mexican Chocolate Loaf, picturelink: jbh6On9Vu7pUPNaYgvVA1RLfwBQFvHW}, 17793: {instructions: Divide the watercress among 4 soup plates. Dust the cheese slices with flour then dip in beaten egg. Drain and roll in the breadcrumbs pressing gently to evenly coat. Set cheese aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons each of the butter and oil in a saute pan and quickly saute until tomatoes just begin to soften but still hold their shape. Season well with salt and pepper and spoon over watercress.nAdd remaining butter and oil to pan and quickly saute Panela until lightly browned and crisp on both sides. Drain cheese briefly on paper towels. Add lemon juice to pan and swirl over high heat to slightly thicken. Season with salt and pepper and spoon over cress. Arrange fried Panela on top and scatter fried capers andor anchovies over and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 bunches young watercress, thick stems discarded, 8 ounces Panela cheese cut into eight even slices, Wellseasoned flour, 1 egg beaten with 1 teaspoon water until frothy, 23 cup dry breadcrumbs, Panko preferred, 3 tablespoons each unsalted butter and olive oil, 1 12 cups tiny cherrytype tomatoes, Sea salt and fresh pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons crisp fried capers andor 4salt anchovies, rinsed and chopped], title: Fried Panela and Watercress Salad, picturelink: null}, 17794: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease two 9by2inch round cake pans, line the bottoms with parchment paper, and grease and flour the pans.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the sugar, oil, and eggs on mediumhigh speed for 2 minutes, until light yellow and thickened. Stir in the vanilla. In another bowl, sift together the 2 cups of flour, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt. With the mixer on low, slowly add the dry ingredients to the wet ones.nIn a medium bowl, toss the carrots, raisins, walnuts, and the 1 tablespoon of flour. Stir into the batter with a rubber spatula. Divide the batter between the prepared pans and smooth the tops. Bake for 10 minutes, lower the heat to 350 degrees F, and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool in the pans for 15 minutes, turn out onto a baking rack, and cool completely.nPlace one cake on a flat serving plate, roundedside down. Spread half the frosting on the top not the sides. Place the second cake on top of the first cake, roundedside up. Frost just the top of the second cake. Sprinkle with the ginger and serve at room temperature.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the mascarpone, cream cheese, confectionersu00bf sugar, cream, and vanilla together for about 1 minute, until light and fluffy. Add the crystallized ginger and salt and beat for 30 seconds more., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 13 cups vegetable oil, 3 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 pound carrots, grated see Cooks Note, 1 cup raisins, 1 cup chopped walnuts, Ginger Mascarpone Frosting, recipe follows, Crystallized ginger not in syrup, chopped, for garnish, 12 ounces Italian mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 13 cup minced crystallized ginger not in syrup, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Carrot Cake with Ginger Mascarpone Frosting, picturelink: PRwstYCOvEaXrvQXzgL4mRAStmHC3ti}, 17795: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet, spread 14 cup cheese thinly and evenly over the bottom to form a 7inch circle. Put the pan over medium heat and cook until the cheese is bubbling and lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat. Put a small bowl upside down on a cutting board. When the bubbling stops, about 1 minute, carefully remove the disk with a thin metal spatula and drape it over the bowl. Press gently with the spatula so it forms a bowl. Be careful, as it is very fragile. Let cool.nRemove the Parmesan bowl, put it onto a plate, and fill with Caesar salad. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups grated Parmesan, 8 cups prepared Caesar salad, for serving], title: Crispy Parmesan Bowls, picturelink: t2RSH17pRvC83zJxhxkXL1QjTNVKEC}, 17796: {instructions: For the dressing: Whisk the vegetable oil, vinegar, sesame oil, ginger, soy sauce and sugar in a medium bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste.nFor the salad: Mix the onions, cabbage, jalapeno and green pepper in a large bowl. Toss the salad with enough of the dressing to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. The salad can be made 3 hours ahead, covered and chilled. When ready to serve, mix in the cilantro and garnish with the peanuts on top., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, 12 head red cabbage, shredded, 12 jalapeno chile, seeded, deveined, finely chopped, 12 green bell pepper, julienned, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons roasted peanuts, roughly chopped], title: Asian Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 17797: {instructions: Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large pot over mediumlow heat and add the onion, apples, potato and squash. Season with salt and pepper and cook until the onion is soft, about 8 minutes. Stir in the sage and flour. Add the cider and cook over high heat, stirring, until thickened. Add the broth and milk, cover and bring to a boil reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring, until the potato is soft, 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the prosciutto and cook until crisp, turning occasionally, about 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nAdd the cheese to the soup and stir over mediumlow heat until melted. Puree in a blender in batches until smooth season with salt and pepper. Garnish with the prosciutto, more cheese and chives, if using. Serve with bread, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 2 medium apples, thinly sliced, 1 large white potato, diced, 1 12 cups chopped peeled butternut squash, fresh or frozen, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 13 cup apple cider, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup milk, 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, torn into bitesize pieces, 2 cups grated sharp cheddar cheese, plus more for garnish, Chopped chives, for garnish optional, Crusty bread, for serving optional], title: AppleCheddarSquash Soup, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 17798: {instructions: For the Zipper Back Shrimp: Skewer shrimp and season with herbs, lemon juice and salt and pepper. Place on hot grill for approximately 2 minutes on each side, or until pink and firm. Set aside.nFor the Nova Scotia Lobster: Steam lobster. Crack shells and remove meat from claws and tail. Set aside.nFor the Potato, Leek and Gooseberry Hash: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Steam potatoes until fork tender. In a saute pan, add oil and garlic. Saute until golden. Add potatoes, saute until incorporated. Add leek, gooseberry concasse, herbs, salt and pepper.nIn ramekin, line with spinach. Spoon hash into mold and cover with remaining spinach. Place in waterbath and in oven for approximately 15 minutes, or to heat through. Set aside.nFor the Red Wine Beurre Blanc: In a saute pan, add red wine and lobster stock. Bring to a boil and add garlic and shallot. Reduce heat to a simmer and reduce liquid by half. Add zest. Whisk in butter to emulsify. Season with salt and pepper. Add tomato and chives. Set aside.nTo plate:nPlace spinach mold in center of plate. Place shrimp and lobster around mold. Lightly pour beurre blanc around plate. Garnish with lemon wedges andor additional gooseberries., ingredients: [6 black tiger shrimp, Pinch thyme, Pinch rosemary, Pinch basil, Juice from half a lemon, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 2pound Nova Scotia lobster, 1ounce Yukon gold potatoes, brunoise, 1ounce organic purple potatoes, brunoise, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 garlic clove, finely sliced, 1ounce wild leek, julienne, 4 tablespoons gooseberry, concasse, 1 teaspoon thyme, rough chop, 1 teaspoon rosemary, 1 teaspoon basil, rough chop, Salt and pepper to taste, 2ounces baby spinach, steamed, 1ounce red wine, 1ounce lobster stock, 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced, 1 medium shallot, roughly chopped, teaspoon candied lemon zest, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 teaspoon tomato concasse, 2 tablespoons chives, chopped], title: Zipper Back Shrimp and Nova Scotia Lobster with Potato, Leek and Gooseberry Hash, picturelink: null}, 17799: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nWhisk together both flours, the baking powder, sugar, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Work in the butter using your fingers or a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles small peas.nAdd the milk and stir until just incorporated. Gently knead into a ball, and then pat into a 1inchthick rectangle. Cut into twentyfour 1 12inch squares and place on the prepared baking sheet, leaving about 1 inch between each biscuit. Sprinkle an additional 14 teaspoon salt and pepper on top.nBake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet and serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup white whole wheat flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup unsalted butter, 23 cup 1percent milk], title: WholeGrain Biscuits, picturelink: p9yj4MvkE7lCTeRKBBcYn2D9I.QmPgu}, 17800: {instructions: For the slaw: Toss together the cucumber, bell pepper, carrot, rice vinegar, lime juice, cilantro, sugar, soy sauce and sesame oil. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the key lime butter sauce: Bring the wine, shallots and bay leaves to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Once boiling, add the heavy cream and lime zest and juice. Bring back to a boil and cook until reduced by half. Mix the cornstarch and water together and slowly whisk into the reduced cream.nOnce the mixture thickens turn the heat to low and add the butter a little at a time, whisking each time until fully incorporated. Run through a fine strainer and keep warm until serving.nFor the grouper: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until it just begins to smoke. Season the grouper filets with salt and pepper, put in the skillet topside down and cook until the flesh begins to crisp, about 2 minutes. Do not flip transfer the skillet to the oven and cook until the grouper flakes easily, 5 to 6 minutes.nTo serve, spoon some Key Lime Butter Sauce on each of 4 plates and top with a grouper filet brownedside up. Top each filet with some Cucumber Slaw and serve., ingredients: [Cucumber Slaw:, 1 cup julienned cucumber, 12 cup julienned red bell pepper, 12 cup julienned carrot, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons freshlysqueezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, Key Lime Butter Sauce:, 6 ounces white wine, 2 shallots, minced, 2 bay leaves, 4 cups heavy cream, Zest and juice of 2 Key limes, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup water, 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cubed, For the Grouper:, Four 7ounce fresh skinless grouper filets, 2 ounces blended oil half olive oil, half vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Florida Grouper with Cucumber Slaw and Key Lime Butter Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17801: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, combine the Greek yogurt, mayonnaise, curry powder, to taste, and stir well to combine. Add the eggs and green onions and season with salt and pepper. Gently fold the eggs into the yogurt mixture and taste for seasoning.nLay 3 slices of bread on the work service. Divide the curried egg salad evenly among the bread slices, and top each slice with 1 piece red leaf lettuce. Top with the remaining slices of bread. Cut the sandwiches into quarters and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup reducedfat Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon prepared mayonnaise, 14 teaspoon curry powder, or as needed, 4 hardboiled eggs, peeled, halved, and finely chopped, 1 large green onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices goodquality whole wheat bread, 3 pieces red leaf lettuce], title: Curried Egg Salad on Whole Wheat Bread, picturelink: 5QIOeqr7aDhC4h2bNprEv20PI2hs5i}, 17802: {instructions: HEAT oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a 12cup muffin pan with a nostick cooking spray or line with paper cups.nSTIR together flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in medium bowl. Combine egg, milk and oil in small bowl. Add liquids to flour mixture, stirring just until dry ingredients are moistened. Divide batter evenly among cups.nCOMBINE sugar, flour, peanut butter and salt in small bowl, mixing with fork until crumbly. Divide topping over muffins. Lightly stir into muffin with knife.nBAKE 18 to 23 minutes or until golden brown. Cool in pan on rack 5 minutes. Remove from pan to rack to cool completely., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 1 cup milk, 13 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 3 tablespoons Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter or Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Brunch Peanut Butter Muffins, picturelink: null}, 17803: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, mix the ham and cheese. Gently slice a lengthwise pocket into each chicken breast. Stuff each breast with the ham and cheese mixture and secure with a skewer or a few toothpicks.nIn a medium shallow bowl, add the flour and season with a pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. In a second medium shallow bowl, add the mustard, paprika, eggs, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper and whisk to combine. In the third medium shallow bowl, add the panko. Run each piece of chicken through these bowls in the order of setting them up: flour, egg then panko.nIn a large straightsided pan, add enough oil to just cover the bottom by about 14 inch. Heat on medium high and when the oil begins to swirl, add the chicken in batches, placing each piece in the oil away from you so there is less splatter. Add more oil between batches if needed. Cook until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees F, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate and season with a pinch of salt and a tiny spritz of lemon., ingredients: [16 thin slices deli ham, chopped, 8 ounces shredded Swiss cheese, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 2 large eggs, whisked, 3 cups panko breadcrumbs, Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Sunnys Ham and Cheese Stuffed Chicken Breasts Chicken Cordon Bleu, picturelink: ukD730KJR7njVza9p8h9q633q1kDGsO}, 17804: {instructions: 1.Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9by13inch glass baking dish and set aside.n2. Melt butter in a medium skillet over medium heat until the water evaporates and the milk solids turn golden brown, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool slightly.n3. Stir butter into brown sugar in a large bowl until smooth cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, in another medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt set aside. Whisk eggs and vanilla into sugar mixture. Add flour mixture a bit at a time and mix until a smooth thick batter forms. Fold in chips, as desired.n4. Evenly spread batter into prepared dish. Bake until blondies are light brown around edges and a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, about 20 to 25 minutes.nRemove from oven cool slightly. Invert onto a rack to release cool completely. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, cut into small piece, plus more for greasing, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 12 cups firmlypacked light brown sugar, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, About 1 12 cups butterscotch, semisweet chocolate, peanut butter, or white chocolate chips, optional], title: Brown Butter Blondies, picturelink: null}, 17805: {instructions: Put 1 piece crystallized ginger and the pomegranate seeds in a champagne flute. Top with the bitters. Pour in the ginger liqueur and pomegranate juice. Top with the sparkling wine and garnish with the remaining crystallized ginger., ingredients: [1 piece crystallized ginger, halved, 1 teaspoon pomegranate seeds, 2 dashes Peychauds bitters, 12 ounce ginger liqueur such as Domaine de Canton, 1 ounce pomegranate juice, 5 ounces cold sparkling wine], title: Sparkling Poinsettia, picturelink: ZxrKxCSEfOSCjWDvX5tMGF12mlBrMu}, 17806: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a 3quart baking dish.nArrange the bread cubes on a rimmed baking pan in a single layer. Bake until light golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl.nMelt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking up any clumps, until brown, about 6 minutes. Transfer the sausage to the bowl with the bread using a slotted spoon. Reduce the heat to medium, add the remaining 3 tablespoons butter with the celery, fennel, onion, 34 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 2 more minutes. Transfer to the bowl.nAdd the broth, sage and thyme to the bowl and toss to coat thoroughly. If the mixture is very hot, cool until it is just warm, then add the eggs and toss to coat.nIncrease the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Transfer the stuffing to the prepared baking dish and bake, uncovered, until hot throughout and lightly browned on top, about 35 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 12 cups cubed cinnamon raisin bread from approximately a 1 12pound loaf, 1 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed, 3 ribs celery, chopped, 1 small head fennel, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 cups turkey or chicken broth, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Cinnamon Raisin Bread Stuffing with Sausage, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 17807: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nWash the asparagus and cut off the bottom of the stems that are greenishwhite and tough. Bring a pot of water to a boil, add 1 tablespoon salt, submerge the asparagus for 30 seconds to blanch, remove the asparagus from the pot and quickly submerge in iced water to shock. Set the asparagus aside.nFrom the wild leeks, trim off the dirty roots and snip an inch off the tops, before washing them carefully in cold water. Heat a saute pan over medium heat with 1 tablespoon of butter. When the butter begins to foam add the wild leeks, season with salt and pepper, and cook gently for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the broth to the wild leeks and simmer until all of the broth has evaporated but be careful not to burn the leeks. Remove from the saute pan and allow to cool.nPrepare a space to work with the phyllo dough: unwrap the dough and cover with a cloth, have a brush and the olive oil ready and have a cookie sheet ready on which the tart will be baked. Begin by lightly brushing the center of the cookie sheet with a film of olive oil. Next, lay the first sheet of dough on the cookie pan, brush the dough lightly with oil and overlap width wise the next sheet over only half of the first so that now the two sheets make a pastry sheet 50 percent wider not longer than the original dimension of the pastry. Dont be concerned if the lengthwise ends of the dough are overflowing from the edges of the pan: all of the edges of the dough will be rolled up to form the edges of the tart.nBrush the second sheet of dough with oil and lay another sheet squarely over the first so that in alternating this pattern you build your wide pastry base. Continue to alternate the dough sheets, brushing each layer with oil, until you have used half the package of dough.nGather the edges of the phyllo between the tips of your fingers and begin to roll them toward thencenter to form the sides of the tart. Roll uniformly inward until the rolled edge is even all around and the round tart resembles a pizza. Leave a pastry base of 10 to 12 inches into which the vegetables and cheese will go after the tart shell is blind baked.nPlace the empty tart shell into the oven and bake for 6 minutes. Remove the pastry from the oven and allow to cool for 10 minutes before filling. This pastry preparation can be done over the course of several hours and can even be done a day or two ahead if the blind baking is reserved until the last moment and the raw pastry is covered with plastic wrap and refrigerated.nTo fill the tart crumble the goat cheese and spread it evenly over the base of the tart. Next add an even layer of wild leeks, followed by the asparagus which should be fanned, tips out, from the center of the tart. Season the tart lightly with salt and pepper, place into the 375 degree oven and bake for 15 minutes or until the cheese has softened and the crust becomes a rich golden brown. Serve immediately.nWhile the tart is baking or ahead of time if possible prepare the vinaigrette. Place the red pepper, mustard, vinegar and 14 teaspoon salt and black pepper in a food processor. Pulse to chop the red pepper to a fine dice. When the pepper has been pulsed enough, begin to drizzle in the walnut oil to create an emulsified dressing.nServe the tart with a small green salad and a drizzle of red pepper vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 pound pencil asparagus, 12 pound wild leeks ramps or scallions, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 package phyllo dough, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, more if needed, 6 ounces fresh goat cheese, 12 small red pepper, ribs and seeds removed, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup white wine vinegar, Salt and pepper, 12 cup walnut oil], title: Asparagus and Wild Leek Tart with Goat Cheese and Red Pepper Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 17808: {instructions: Place 3 scoops of the ice cream in each of 2 bowls. Pour the espresso over the ice cream and serve immediately.nNote: To make espresso for this recipe in your electric drip coffee maker, use 13 cup of ground espresso and enough water for 4 cups of coffee., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, 12 cup hot brewed espresso], title: Affogato, picturelink: null}, 17809: {instructions: Bring milk to lukewarm temperature. Melt butter and allow to cool. Measure butter, sugar and rum. Finely chop peel. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Warm bowl. Place the sifted flour into the warmed bowl and make a well in the flour. Add the crumbled yeast, 38 cup of the milk, the sugar and salt. Mix until the yeast has dissolved and then add the eggs and beat with the hands until well combined and smooth. Cover the bowl and put into a warm place for 45 minutes so that the mixture will prove. After 45 minutes remove the bowl and add the cooled, melted butter and the remaining 14 cup milk. Beat hard for a couple of minutes and then half fill 4 greased small cake molds. Cover the mold and place in a warm place for a further 10 minutes. Place the mold with the risen mixture into the oven and cook for 20 minutes. Unmold onto a cake rack and allow to cool a little. Place the butter with the sugar into a frypan and stir to form a fudge  add 1 tablespoon of rum and the sultanas, peel and grapes. Coat in the fudge mixture. Place the babas in the fudge mixture  prick lightly with a fork and turn in the sauce. Pour 2 tablespoons of rum over each baba and then set alight. Place individual babas on serving dishes  cover with the sauce and serve accompanied by the whipped cream., ingredients: [58 cup milk, 3 12 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 12ounce wet yeast, 1 tablespoon castor sugar, Pinch salt, 2 eggs, 14 cup butter, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 2 tablespoons sultanas, 1 tablespoon candied peel, 2 tablespoons white grapes, 8 tablespoons dark rum, 1 cup whipped cream], title: Flamed Rum Babas Exeter, picturelink: 6G1wANIOWcdIVM6oCE86HbqqZguLa}, 17810: {instructions: Place the corn in a steamer basket set over a saucepan of simmering water. Cover and steam 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, grate the lime zest into a small bowl and squeeze in 1 tablespoon lime juice. Add the sour cream, cilantro, hot sauce and 14 teaspoon salt and mix well set the dip aside.nRemove the corn from the steamer basket and let cool slightly, then cut the kernels off the cobs. Combine with 12 teaspoon salt in a bowl.nLine a large baking sheet with paper towels, then arrange the wonton wrappers on top in a single layer. Place 1 teaspoon corn, 12 teaspoon tomato, 12 teaspoon avocado and 14 teaspoon red onion in the center of each wrapper.nHeat about 1 12 inches of vegetable oil in a large pot until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees or place a wooden skewer in the oil to test the temperature bubbles should form around it.nMoisten the edges of each wonton wrapper with water, then fold in half diagonally to enclose the filling and form a triangle press gently to seal. Working in batches, lower the wontons into the hot oil with tongs and fry about 1 minute. Flip and fry another 30 seconds, or until light golden. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Serve with the cilantrolime dip.nPhotograph by Ngoc Minh Ngo, ingredients: [3 ears corn, husked, 1 small lime, 1 12 cups sour cream, 14 cup fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, Kosher salt, 36 square wonton wrappers, 2 plum tomatoes, diced about 34 cup, 1 medium avocado, diced about 34 cup, 12 cup finely diced red onion, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: FreshMex Corn Wontons, picturelink: 48MaUKZkGWK17inmi4zZpr1to8Jcebe}, 17811: {instructions: Coat a large saucepan with olive oil. Add the onion, celery and garlic and bring to a medium heat. Season with salt and sweat until the vegetables are very soft and aromatic, about 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove the tips from the asparagus and reserve. Cut the stalks of the asparagus into 1inch lengths and add them to the pot. Sweat for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the potatoes and the stock. Taste for seasoning and add salt, if needed it will. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes.nOn a separate burner, bring a small pot of well salted water to a boil over high heat. Have a small bowl of well salted ice water on standby. Cook the asparagus tips in the boiling water for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove them from the boiling water and plunge them immediately into the ice water. When the tips are cool, remove them from the water, pat dry and reserve.nIn a blender or with an immersion blender, puree the asparagus stock mixture. Strain through a mesh strainer, if desired. Taste and adjust the seasonings, if needed. Chill.nGarnish with the reserved asparagus tips and crumbled goat cheese. Springtime delicious, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 2 ribs celery, diced, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, Kosher salt, 2 bunches asparagus, stems trimmed, 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 quarts chicken or vegetable stock, 1 4ounce log goat cheese, crumbled], title: Chilled Asparagus Soup with Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 17812: {instructions: Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a heatproof glass loaf pan 8 12 by 4 12 by 2 12inches with vegetable spray, line bottom and sides with parchment paper and set aside. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt butter. Add flour, and stir to combine. Cook until a paste forms, making sure mixture does not brown, about 5 minutes. In a medium bowl, combine cream and milk. Add to flour mixture, whisking constantly. Bring to a boil add cheese and salt. Return mixture to a boil, whisking often. In a large bowl, whisk together egg yolks and whole egg. Remove pan from heat and whisk milk mixture into egg mixture. Strain through a fine mesh sieve into prepared loaf pan. Make sure the liquid does not touch the top of the pan. Cover with parchment paper and foil. Line a pan large enough to hold the loaf pan with a clean kitchen towel. Fill pan with enough hot water to come 34 of the way up the sides of the loaf pan. Transfer to oven and bake for 1 12 to 2 hours. The pudding should still jiggle in the middle the edges may be slightly rounded but not souffleed. Remove from water bath and let cool to room temperature. Refrigerate overnight. Heat oven to 350 degrees F. To serve, unmold the pudding onto a cutting board. Cut into 6 to 8 slices and place each slice on an ovenproof plate. Bake until the pudding is just warm, about 2 to 3 minutes. Pour pea sauce around pudding and garnish with pea shoots.nPlace peas, chicken broth, cream, salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. In a small saucepan, heat mixture over very low heat until warm, about 2 minutes. Yield: 2 12 cupsnHeat olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add pea shoots and saute until just wilted, about 30 seconds. Yield: 6 to 8 servings, ingredients: [Vegetableoil spray for pan, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk, 1 12 cups Parmesan cheese, finely grated, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 3 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 1 large whole egg, lightly beaten, Sweet Pea Sauce, recipe follows, Sauteed Pea Shoots, recipe follows, 1 12 cups fresh sweet peas, blanched and shucked, 34 cup homemade or lowsodium canned chicken stock, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 14 teaspoon coarse salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 12 cups pea shoots], title: Parmesan Pudding with Pea Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17813: {instructions: Special equipment: a nonstick 24cup mini muffin tin and a 2 12inch round cutternHeat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat until it shimmers. Add the onion and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until very soft and golden, about 15 minutes. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a nonstick 24cup mini muffin tin with cooking spray.nMeanwhile, unroll the pie crusts and use a 2 12inch round cutter to cut out 24 rounds 12 rounds from each crust. Fit the rounds in the cups of the prepared muffin tin, pushing the bottoms down and pleating the sides slightly.nWhisk the halfandhalf, egg and egg yolk, cayenne and some salt and pepper together in a medium bowl until very well combined. Stir in the chives and transfer to a liquid measuring cup. Divide the onions and ham evenly among the 24 doughlined muffin cups. Divide the halfandhalf mixture evenly among the cups.nBake until the quiches are puffed and golden, about 20 minutes. Let the quiches cool in the muffin tin about 5 minutes, then remove to a wire rack. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the muffin tin, One 14.1ounce package refrigerated pie crusts, 34 cup halfandhalf, 1 large egg plus 1 large egg yolk, 1 pinch cayenne, 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 13 cup finely chopped thicksliced ham about 2 ounces], title: Mini Quiche, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 17814: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPop the popcorn using a large, heavy pot with a tightfitting lid or a popcorn maker.nCoat the bottom of the pot with vegetable oil and heat over low heat. Drop in 1 kernel of corn and when it pops add the remaining corn, cover and shake pan. Continue to shake pan until all the corn has popped, being careful not to burn.nPlace the popped popcorn in a large bowl. Drizzle with the melted butter and sprinkle with the cheeses. Toss gently to combine and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup popcorn kernels, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup grated Pecorino Romano], title: Popcorn with Parmesan and Pecorino, picturelink: u3zanutrkQpwV9OHsZXOj05kk2u}, 17815: {instructions: Make Margherita Pizzas before adding cheese, top with olives, artichoke hearts, ham and sauteed mushrooms in 4 sections.nMargherita PizzasnStretch dough into two thin 9inch rounds. Top each with 12 cup crushed San Marzano tomatoes, dried oregano, salt, pepper and olive oil bake until golden. Sprinkle with 12 pound diced mozzarella, torn basil and salt. Bake until the cheese melts, then drizzle with olive oil.nHow to make a pizza:nStep 1:Place a pizza stone or an inverted baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat to 500 degrees.nStep 2: Stretch 1 pound dough on a floured pizza peel, large wooden cutting board or parchment paper.nStep 3: Top as desired, then slide the pizza with the parchment paper, if using onto the stone or baking sheet. Bake until golden, about 15 minutes.nPizza DoughnWhisk 3 34 cups flour and 1 12 teaspoons salt. Make a well and add 1 13 cups warm water, 1 tablespoon sugar and 1 packet yeast. When foamy, mix in 3 tablespoons olive oil knead until smooth, 5 minutes. Brush with olive oil, cover in a bowl and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Divide into two 1pound balls. Use 1 pound per recipe unless noted.nPhotographs by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: Quattro Stagioni, picturelink: null}, 17816: {instructions: Combine the wine, pomegranate juice, brandy, sugar, cinnamon sticks, star anise, cloves and orange zest in a large saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat. Remove from the heat and let the flavors meld for 30 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, return the mixture to low heat, bring to a simmer, then add the apple, pear and pomegranate seeds. Serve in heatproof glass mugs.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [2 750ml bottles red Spanish table wine, 1 cup pomegranate juice, 14 cup brandy, 14 cup pure cane sugar, 4 cinnamon sticks, 3 star anise pods, 8 whole cloves, 1 2inch strip orange zest, 1 Gala apple, thinly sliced, 1 Bartlett pear, thinly sliced, 14 cup pomegranate seeds], title: Mulled Red Wine Sangria, picturelink: 5G5Yl8y0kL.xddLYmRghBtzvCkLzrz2}, 17817: {instructions: Heat rice according to package directions. In medium bowl, combine rice, chicken, cranberries, pecans and dressing blend well. Serve on salad greens.nCooks notes:nYou can adjust the amount of ingredients based on your tastes., ingredients: [1 container Minuteu00ae Ready to Serve Brown  Wild Rice, 13 cup cooked, diced chicken, 1 Tbsp dried cranberries, 1 Tbsp chopped pecans, 2 Tbsps vinaigrette salad dressing, 2 cups salad greens], title: Harvest Rice, picturelink: Kx78ZdnpSBjDJZ8eK5jY8y5MhIzjN4m}, 17818: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Make the cake: Brush a rimmed 11by17inch baking sheet with vegetable oil and line with parchment paper. Oil the parchment and dust with potato starch, tapping out any excess.nSpread the coconut on a separate baking sheet bake until lightly toasted, about 8 minutes. Let cool. Finely grind all but 14 cup coconut in a food processor add the matzo meal and process until finely ground. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in the potato starch and salt.nCombine 14 cup vegetable oil with the lemon zest and juice in a bowl set aside. Put the eggs in their shells in a bowl and cover with hot tap water let stand 5 minutes. Crack the eggs into a bowl add the granulated sugar and beat with a mixer on mediumlow speed until combined, 1 minute. Increase the speed to medium high and beat until thick and fluffy, 12 minutes. Fold the egg mixture into the matzo meal mixture with a rubber spatula until combined. Stir in the lemonoil mixture until just combined. Spread the batter on the baking sheet bake until the cake is golden and springs back when pressed, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool 5 minutes in the pan run a knife around the edge of the cake to loosen.nDust a kitchen towel with confectioners sugar and invert the cake onto the towel. Peel off the parchment. Starting with a long side, carefully roll up the cake, using the towel to help you. Wrap the towel tightly around the rolled cake and let cool completely, about 15 minutes.nMake the frosting: Put the egg whites, granulated sugar, lemon zest and juice, and salt in a heatproof bowl. Set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water whisk until the sugar is dissolved, 3 minutes. Remove the bowl from the pan and beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until thick, glossy and cool, 3 to 5 minutes.nAssemble the cake: Unroll the cooled cake and spread with the raspberry jam. Reroll the cake, cover with the frosting and top with the reserved 14 cup coconut. Serve with raspberries.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 13 cup kosher potato starch, plus more for the pan, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 13 cup matzo meal, 14 teaspoon salt, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 8 large eggs, 1 cup granulated sugar, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 1 cup raspberry jam, Fresh raspberries, for serving optional, 2 large egg whites, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Pinch of salt], title: LemonCoconut Matzo Jelly Roll, picturelink: bPYw7ebv6aAWIPogPayY.OV5deRstqW}, 17819: {instructions: Toast the bread, cut off the crusts, and cut each slice diagonally in half. Combine the mayonnaise and chili paste and spread some onto each triangle. Top each with a piece of salmon, 2 slices of avocado, 12 piece of bacon, and an egg slice. Garnish with a grind of black pepper., ingredients: [8 slices good quality dense whole wheat bread, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon hot chili paste recommended: Srirachi Hot Chili Paste, 14 pound smoked salmon, 2 avocados, pitted, peeled and thinly sliced, 8 slices bacon, cooked, 2 hard boiled eggs, thinly sliced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Salmon, Avocado, and Bacon with Chili Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 17820: {instructions: Heat a doubleburner grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine ground lamb, garlic, capers, parsley, zest, mustard, salt and pepper. Form mixture into 2 similar sized mounds in the bowl. Divide mixture in half, then half again. Form gently into 8 small patties.nOil the grill pan with oiled paper towel held in tongs. Brown the burgers on the hot side of the grill for about 2 minutes on each side.nTurn heat down to medium and cook another 2 minutes for mediumrare, 3 to 4 minutes for medium.nSlice 8 mini buns in half and toast on grill or in broiler for about 30 to 60 seconds. Place on serving platter.nTop the bottom each bun with burger, slice of Roma tomato, and a spoonful of sauce. Cover with the bun top and serve.nPeel the cucumber and cut it in half lengthwise. Use a spoon to scoop out the seeds from both halves. Grate the cucumber on the wide holes of a grater, put it in a colander in a large bowl or sink and sprinkle with 12 tablespoon of kosher salt. Let drain for about 20 minutes. Press the cucumber with your hands to get rid of some of the moisture and place in a medium mixing bowl. Add The yogurt, dill, mint, cumin and pepper. Stir together and spoon into a serving bowl. Drizzle with olive oil., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground lamb, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 tablespoon nonpareil capers, 1 tablespoon chopped flat leaf parsley, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoons mustard, 1 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 mini buns, 2 Roma tomatoes, sliced, Cucumber Yogurt Sauce, recipe follows, 1 English cucumber, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 cups yogurt, preferably thick, Greek yogurt, 2 sprigs fresh dill, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Mini Lamb Burgers with Cucumber Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17821: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the dressing:nIn a food processor, add egg yolk, lemon juice, anchovies, and garlic. Pulse until there is an even consistency. With the machine running, slowly add olive and canola oil until emulsified. Add the mustard, salt and pepper and pulse to combine.nFor the salad:nCombine all the salad ingredients and toss with dressing until evenly coated.nFor the croutons:nPlace cubed bread into a large bowl. Drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss together. Place on a baking sheet and bake for 5 to 10 minutes or until brown and crispy.nServe salad with croutons on top.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness.nTo reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [1 egg yolk, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tin anchovies, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 bag romaine hearts, rinsed, patted dry and chopped 3 heads of hearts, 2 avocados, pitted, peeled and sliced, 5 slices bacon, cooked crisp and crumbled, 12 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 1 loaf focaccia bread, cubed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: California Caesar Salad, picturelink: o44eBAfx7.7IT2vAcEJ7ekIbI1F6gN6}, 17822: {instructions: Combine the salt, sugar, rum, cola, and honey until they are completely dissolved. Then, add the pork tenderloin and marinate in the refrigerator for 48 hours.nPreheat a grill.nCut into 2inch medallions and grill for 5 to 7 minutes on each side., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup rum, 3 cups cola, 12 cup honey, 1 pork tenderloin], title: Rum and Cola Cured Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 17823: {instructions: In a bowl mix together the first 8 ingredients. Carefully blend in the sesame fries and bits. Transfer the mixture to ziplock bags or other storage container., ingredients: [14 cup dried pears, cut lengthwise in halves or thirds, 14 cup dried nectarines, cut into quarters, 14 cup dried Calmyrna figs, cut into halves, 14 cup dried cherries, 14 cup Medjool dates, pitted and cut in 12 lengthwise, 14 cup hazelnuts, toasted and peeled, 14 cup almonds, toasted, 13 cup pumpkin seeds, toasted, 12 cup sesame fries or sticks, 12 cup sesame bits or crackers], title: Napa Road Mix, picturelink: 7Ja6x6V6qYjb5msmimePwPWpJG4THUa}, 17824: {instructions: In a large, deep skillet or saucepan, bring the broth to a boil, then salt it and lower to a simmer.nMeanwhile, in a bowl, combine the ground meat, eggs, carrots, cheese, bread crumbs, parsley and garlic paste, if using season with pepper. Form into 1inch balls.nDrop the meatballs into the broth and simmer until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Stir in the pasta and cook until al dente, 6 to 7 minutes. Let cool before serving to your pooch Season the peoples portions with salt and pepper and sprinkle with more ParmigianoReggiano., ingredients: [6 cups chicken broth, Salt, 34 pound ground beef, pork and veal mixture, 2 large eggs, 13 cup chopped shredded carrots, 13 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for sprinkling, 13 cup bread crumbs, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 clove garlic, mashed into a paste with a little salt, optional, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound ditalini pasta], title: Mini Muttballs and Ditalini, picturelink: null}, 17825: {instructions: In a microwavesafe bowl, melt the chocolate. Add and thoroughly whisk together the eggs, sugar, and flour. Pass the mixture through a strainer to remove any lumps and to filter out the chalazaes the little white strands that attach the yolk to the egg white. Transfer to whipper and pressurize. Spray mixture into a greased glass, ramekin, or whatever microwavesafe container you will cook it in, leaving at least the top third of the container empty. A clear glass is nice to use, as you can can see the cake rise and fall as it cooks. Microwave for 30 seconds or until the foam has set. Flip onto a plate and dust with powdered sugar. For bettertasting results, try adding Nutella or Fluff: Spray a thin layer of cake batter, drop a spoonful of filling into the center, and then spray more cake batter on top of and around the filling., ingredients: [4 oz chocolate bittersweet preferably, 4 large eggs, 6 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, Powdered sugar for dusting], title: 30Second Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 17826: {instructions: Heat a serving platter in the warming oven. Place the corned beef into cold water and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook for about 2 hours, turning occasionally. Place the vegetables in a big pan  first the potatoes  season  then the carrots  season  and then the onions, then cover with water. Cook until tender  approximately 1 hour. Strain the cooked vegetables and roughly mash them. Add the 12 cup of butter to make them rich and creamy. Drain the meat and slice it thinly. Spoon the vegetables hutspot on the heated serving platter and lay the sliced meat klapstuk over them., ingredients: [3 pounds smoked corned beef, 4 pounds potatoes, cubed, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds carrots, cubed, 1 pound onions, sliced, 12 cup butter], title: Hutspot Mit Klapstuk, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 17827: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and grease a 9inch round cake pan. To prepare the sponge cake, sift the flour and baking powder into a small mixing bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat the eggs and yolks at high speed for about 4 minutes, or until thick. Gradually add the sugar to the eggs and beat at medium speed for 4 to 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. Add the flour mixture to the eggs and beat at mediumlow speed until just combined. Put the water and butter in a saucepan and stir over medium heat until the butter melts. Add to the batter and beat until combined.nPour the batter into the prepared baking pan. Bake in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean. Let the cake cool in the pan briefly, then remove and cool on a wire rack. Cover with plastic wrap or foil and place in the freezer, preferably overnight.nTo prepare the haupia, place the coconut milk, 1 cup of the water, and the sugar in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Mix the cornstarch and the remaining 1 cup of water together in a bowl, add to the pan, and stir until the mixture return to a boil and thickens. Remove from the heat and keep warm in a double boiler.nRemove the sponge cake from the freezer and cut a thin slice off the top to level off the cake. Slice the cake in half horizontally to make 2 even layers. Pour some of the haupia over the bottom layer, to a thickness of about 12inch. Place the top layer of cake over the haupia, gently pressing down. Pour more of the haupia over the top of the cake using a spatula to spread it around evenly. Any remaining haupia can be spread over the sides with a spatula or chill it in a small shallow pan, cut it into squares, and serve with the cake  or eat it before your company arrives. Refrigerate the cake for 3 to 4 hours. When ready to serve, garnish with the shredded coconut., ingredients: [1 cup cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 eggs plus 2 yolks, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 cups unsweetened coconut milk, 2 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon shredded coconut, for garnish], title: Haupia Cake, picturelink: null}, 17828: {instructions: In a large pot, combine the vegetable stock, thyme, bay leaf, and some salt and pepper. With the back of a bench scraper, scrape the milk from the cobs into the pot. Then add the cobs to the pot as well. Simmer for 20 minutes. Turn off the heat and remove the cobs, bay leaf and thyme. This is your corn stock.nIn another large pot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the poblanos and onions, and sweat until soft, about 15 minutes. Slowly add the corn stock, then the corn kernels and the potatoes, and simmer until the potatoes are soft, about 20 minutes. Check the seasoning and adjust.nTransfer half of the soup to a blender and carefully blend until smooth. Pour this back into the pot and add the halfandhalf. Thin the soup with additional water, if desired.nGarnish with a couple pinches of smoked paprika and some chopped cilantro. Serve with two spoons, cuz ITS DAT GOOD., ingredients: [8 cups vegetable stock, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ears corn, kernels removed about 6 cups, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 poblano peppers, stems, seeds and ribs removed, diced, 1 yellow onion, diced about 2 cups, 12 ounces Yukon Gold potatoes skins on, diced into 14inch cubes, 1 cup halfandhalf, Smoked paprika, for garnish, Fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, for garnish], title: Cha Cha Chowder, picturelink: LVYB6DzxrmVqdfKE1imKoZrzye57Q9q}, 17829: {instructions: Cut puff dough from corner to corner to get 2 triangles, brush with egg wash and sprinkle with fresh ground pepper, prick slightly with a fork and bake in a preheated 400 degree oven until golden brown. In a very hot pan add a small amount of butter, dredge pheasant in flour and saute until done but not brown. Set aside, add peppers and mushrooms. Add more butter if necessary and saute until done. Now add spinach for a few seconds then remove all from the heat. Now place one of the puff dough pieces in the center of the plate, then a piece of pheasant, then a pepper, then pheasant, then a mushroom, then pheasant, then spinach and so on. Top with the puff dough and a red pepper ring. Garnish plate with the remaining mushrooms and drizzle with sauce.nSimmer all ingredients approximately 1 hour, strain, and reduce until there is approximately 4 ounces left. Add cornstarch slurry to tighten slightly and season with salt and white pepper to taste, ingredients: [1 piece puff dough approximately, 5inches by 5inches, Egg wash, Clarified butter, 1 pheasant breast boned, quartered and pounded slightly, 1 cup seasoned flour salt, white pepper, sage, 2 red pepper rings 12inches thick, 6 shiitake mushrooms, 12 cup fresh spinach, 2 ounces pheasant sauce, 1 quart water, 3 ounces pheasant scraps and trimmings, 1 bay leaf, 2 ounces sherry or Madiera, 2 ounces carrot, onion and celery trimmings], title: Pheasant Napolean, picturelink: null}, 17830: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 9inch, deep pie dishnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGently roll out the pie dough and line a 9inch, deep pie dish with it. Trim the excess dough from the edges, and set aside.nUsing an electric hand mixer, combine the sweet potatoes, 12 cup of the granulated sugar, the brown sugar, butter, 3 tablespoons of the rum, the vanilla, cinnamon, ginger, salt and eggs. Mix thoroughly. Add the coconut milk and continue to mix. Pour the filling into the pie crust and bake until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, 35 to 45 minutes.nPlace the pie on a rack to cool, about 2 hours.nPour the cream in a bowl and whisk with an electric hand mixer. When it starts to thicken, add the remaining 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, the remaining 1 tablespoon rum and the orange zest. Whip until stiff peaks form. Serve the pie topped with whipped cream., ingredients: [1 refrigerated, rolled storebought pie crust, 2 cups peeled, cooked and pureed sweet potatoes, cooled, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 12 stick 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 14 cup dark rum, such as Appleton Estate, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, Pinch salt, 2 large eggs, 1 cup coconut milk, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, chilled, 14 teaspoon orange zest], title: Sweet Potato Rum Pie, picturelink: IwkWnDjoMbcEuxwlbR9tOqzoLTY25u}, 17831: {instructions: For pastry: Combine flour, suet, baking powder, salt and water to form a smooth dough. Dust a smooth surface with flour and press out pastry with fingers to form a circle 14 inch thick. Lay a pudding cloth or cheesecloth into a basin or large ovenproof bowl and mold the pastry to it. In a separate bowl, combine kidney and steak. Season well with salt and pepper. Add parsley and thyme. Dust with a little flour.nPlace half the meat mixture into the suet crust. Add half the mushrooms, then the remaining meat, and the mushrooms again. Add enough oyster juice to the wine to make 12 cup and pour into the pudding.nBrush the edges of the crust with water. Use the cloth to fold the pastry sides over to cover the filling. Cut away excess dough. Tie cloth with a string.nBring a pot large enough to completely enclose the pudding bowl filled half way with water to a boil. Place pudding bowl in potthe water should reach up to 34 of the sides of the bowl. Cover with lid. Or to mold the pudding to the shape of a babys head, remove the nob from the lid of the pot and thread the cloths string through the exposed holes. Secure the string to the pots handles to suspend the pudding in the pot. Boil pudding for 3 12 hours. Make sure the water doesnt boil away. One hint: place two marbles in the pot with the water. Their pinging will notify you when the water completely evaporates.nRemove pudding from bowl. Carefully pull away pudding cloth and invert pudding onto a large, heated serving dish. Cut out a top in the puddings crust and add the oysters, mixing them in with a fork., ingredients: [4 cups flour, plus more for dusting, 1 18 cup suet, 1 heaping teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cup water, 8 ounces beef kidney, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 12 pounds rump steak, cut into 1inch pieces, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 6 parsley stalks, cut into 14inch pieces, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 1 cup mushrooms, cut into 12inch slices, 12 oysters plus their juice, 14 cup red wine], title: Babys Head Pudding, picturelink: null}, 17832: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the tops off the artichokes, pull off the small leaves, trim the stems and snip off the thorny tips. In a large pot, bring 2 inches of water to a boil. Add 1 tablespoon kosher salt, the juice of 1 lemon and the artichokes. Cover and steam until the artichoke bottoms pierce easily, 20 to 40 minutes, depending on size. Drain the artichokes.nWhen cool enough to handle, cut each artichoke in half lengthwise. Scrape out and discard the fuzzy center.nPreheat a grill to medium direct heat.nBrush the artichokes with the oil, season with salt and pepper and grill, cutside down, until lightly charred, 6 to 8 minutes. Flip and grill briefly to heat through.nArrange the artichokes on a platter, drizzle with some of the Green Goddess Dressing and garnish with lemon wedges.nCombine the mayonnaise, creme fraiche, parsley, chervil, tarragon, chives, garlic, anchovy fillets and lemon juice in a food processor and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Add a teaspoon of honey, or to taste. With the machine running, drizzle in just enough oil to thicken slightly. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving to allow the flavors to meld., ingredients: [6 globe artichokes, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Green Goddess Dressing, recipe follows, Lemon wedges, for garnish, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, plus more for garnish, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chervil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 3 fresh chives, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, 2 anchovy fillets, chopped, Juice of 2 lemons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 teaspoons honey, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Grilled Artichokes with Green Goddess Dressing, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 17833: {instructions: Special equipment: Hickory wood chips, soaked in cold water for 2 hoursnFor the prime rib: Rub the prime rib with the spice rub, put in the refrigerate on a rack set over a baking sheet uncovered and let marinate for at least 4 hours and up to 8 hours.nFor the red wine steak sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and shallots and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, increase the heat to high and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the wine, ketchup, 12 cup water, raisins, molasses, brown sugar, horseradish, Dijon mustard, Worcestershire, cayenne, allspice and salt and pepper to taste and cook for 10 minutes longer. Add a splash of red wine vinegar, and taste for salt and pepper. Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth. Let cool to room temperature.nPrepare your grill using a kamadastyle grill, kettle grill, bullet smoker or gas grill method for smoking. Remove the prime rib from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking and let sit at room temperature. Sprinkle well with salt and put the prime rib, fatside up, on the grill grate. Maintaining a temperature of about 250 degrees F if using a kettle grill or bullet smoker, replenish fire with unlit coals, as needed, to maintain temperature see manufacturers instructions, cook until an instantread thermometer inserted in the center reads 130 degrees F, between 3 12 to 4 hours. During the last hour of cooking at about 110 degrees F, begin brushing with some of the red wine steak sauce and stop adding chips to the smoker. Remove the prime rib from the grill, brush with more of the red wine steak sauce and let rest, loosely covered with foil, for 20 minutes before slicing.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl., ingredients: [One 4rib prime rib roast 6 to 8 pounds, untrimmed, 1 cup Bobby Flays Spice Rub for Pork and Beef, recipe follows, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 8 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons dry red wine, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup golden raisins, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 heaping tablespoon horseradish, 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon cayenne powder, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Splash red wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 2 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chile de arbol powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried oregano], title: Smoked Prime Rib with Red Wine Steak Sauce, picturelink: 2LPETczTYvDhOJ.p1QJy4Fu9AOAGqrO}, 17834: {instructions: In a mixing bowl whisk vinegar while slowly adding olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and toss with tomatoes, cucumbers, papaya, and papaya seeds. Taste and adjust seasoning.nServe family style., ingredients: [2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large ripe tomatoes, cut into wedges, 2 English cucumbers, peeled and sliced into 14inch thick slices, 1 papaya, peeled, diced large and seeds reserved], title: Tomato Cucumber and Papaya Salad, picturelink: null}, 17835: {instructions: Combine milk, margarita mix and sugar in a blender. Pour into the freezer bowl of an ice cream maker and let mix until mixture thickens, about 25 minutes. The frozen sherbet can be stored in the freezer in an airtight container.nTop each brownie with a scoop of sherbet and decorate with nonpareils. Please note, on the episode we rolled the sherbet in Dippin Dots, which are pastelcolored flashfrozen globules of ice cream. They are not typically sold in supermarkets because the subzero temperatures required to store them are generally not achievable in home freezers, so we are using nonpareils instead., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 1 cup margarita mix, 3 tablespoons sugar, 8 prepared brownies, storebought or made from your favorite brownie mix, Multicolored nonpareils, for decoration], title: Margarita Sherbet Over Double Chocolate Brownies, picturelink: null}, 17836: {instructions: Bring 6 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan.nUsing a small paring knife, remove the vein along the back of each shrimp and rinse under running water. Add the garlic to the boiling water and cook for 2 minutes. Add the shrimp to the water with the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Drain the shrimp and garlic. Peel and finely chop the garlic.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the heavy cream and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the cream begins to thicken. Stir in the Parmesan, parsley and shrimp. Season with salt and pepper.nPour the sauce over the linguine in a large bowl and toss to coat. Garnish with more Parmesan and parsley., ingredients: [12 large shrimp, peeled, 8 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, plus more for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces fresh linguine, cooked and drained], title: Linguine with Shrimp and Garlic Cream Sauce, picturelink: Wh5i9nYXUjw1HojvV31soku6NYjo2Jm}, 17837: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 to 5 metal or wooden 12inch skewers soak the wooden skewers in water first for 20 minutesnPreheat a charcoal or gas grill to medium high. Swirl the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat until melted. Add the garlic and soften about 2 minutes. Stir in the soy sauce.nPut the mushrooms in a medium bowl, add the soygarlic butter and toss until well coated. Thread the mushrooms on the skewers, putting 7 to 8 on each and leaving 3inch handles at the ends.nPut the skewers on the grill with the handles resting on or just off the edge of the grill for easier handling, since they will get very hot and cover. Cook, turning the skewers every 2 minutes or so and brushing with the butter after every turn, until the mushrooms are slightly charred all over and softened, 8 to 9 minutes. Sprinkle with the thyme and parsley or lemon zest if using and season with salt. Alternatively, melt a little extra butter and add the thyme, parsley andor lemon zest if using and drizzle over the mushrooms.nThe sixth ingredient: Chopped fresh parsley or grated lemon zest, sprinkled over with the thyme or you could melt a little extra butter at the end, add the thyme, parsley and or lemon zest and drizzle over., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 36 cremini mushrooms with 2inch caps, tough stem ends trimmed about 1 12 pounds, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped, Kosher salt], title: Grilled Mushroom Skewers, picturelink: pbaUq18FuN6QPGxowNB32gRqdyeGW}, 17838: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. In a large bowl, whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil, the juice of 1 lemon, the garlic, shallots, cumin, cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt and half of the cilantro. Add the salmon and turn to coat. Let marinate 15 minutes at room temperature. Meanwhile, toss the hearts of palm and tomatoes in a bowl with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the juice of the remaining lemon, and the rest of the cilantro. Season with salt. Brush the grill with vegetable oil. Grill the salmon, round side down, until marked on the bottom, about 4 minutes. Turn and continue grilling until marked on the other side and cooked through, 2 to 3 more minutes. Divide the salmon among plates. Serve with the greens and hearts of palm salad drizzle the juices from the salad over the greens.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 2 lemons or limes, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 2 large shallots, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 12 bunch cilantro, roughly chopped, 4 6ounce centercut salmon fillets, skin removed, 1 14ounce can hearts of palm, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 pint cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 2 cups mixed salad greens], title: CubanStyle Grilled Salmon, picturelink: j7rOOM41HbpCMEmxjCvlOux6grWe72}, 17839: {instructions: Special equipment: a milk frothernFroth the milk with a milk frother according to the manufacturers instructions. Add honey to the tea to taste. Top the tea with dollops of frothy milk., ingredients: [1 cup freshly brewed Irish breakfast tea, such as Barrys, Lyons or Bewleys Tea, Honey, to taste, Hot whole milk, for topping], title: Tea Latte, picturelink: JKKxvurg7s4DXBIIqldJtb8GMHK8Rq}, 17840: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon canola oil to coat the bottom of the pot. Add the ground turkey to the hot oil and brown, breaking it up as it cooks. Drain meat into a colander and reserve. To the same skillet which has a little residual fat from cooking the turkey, add the onions and cook over medium heat until soft then add the garlic and cook until soft. Stir in the chili powder and cumin. Add the chiles and their juices and the tomatoes and their juices. Add the meat back to the pan and stir until combined. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 20 minutes or until thick. Season with salt, to taste, and pepper.nIn a medium bowl, combine Cheddar and cream cheese set aside. Line a casserole dish with half the tortillas and ladle half of the meat mixture over. Cover with half of the cheese mixture. Top with half of the green onions. Repeat layers 1 more time. Bake for 45 minutes or until bubbling. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 pound lean ground turkey, 2 red onions, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, 1 12 teaspoons chili powder, 14 teaspoon cumin powder, 1 4ounce can diced green chiles, not drained, 1 15ounce can tomatoes with green chiles, not drained, Salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 cups shredded lowfat Cheddar, 1 pint light cream cheese, 8 6inch corn tortillas, 1 bunch green onions, sliced, 14 cup shredded lowfat mozzarella cheese], title: Chilaquiles, picturelink: pRE41GTaS3XxlH38PSN73eDHq0dHSDe}, 17841: {instructions: Add the orange juice, pineapple juice, milk, sugar, meringue powder and vanilla extract to a blender. Fill the rest of the blender with ice and blend, ingredients: [2 cups orange juice, 2 cups pineapple juice, 2 cups whole milk, 12 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons meringue powder, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Ice], title: Sunrise Punch, picturelink: apzJBBWUMieSWQRPYLNW.nbBNBfUpy}, 17842: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the onions, garlic, and parsley until finely minced. Remove to a large bowl and add in the beef, tomato, garam masala, pine nuts, and lemon juice. Season with salt. Mix with your hands until well combined.nArrange the pita quarters on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Fill each quarter with about 2 tablespoons of the meat mixture, flattening it out so the filling is even. Brush each quarter on both sides with a little olive oil. Sprinkle salt on top.nBake for 20 minutes, turning once halfway through. Pitas should be browned and crispy., ingredients: [12 large white onion, roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 small bunch fresh parsley, 1 pound ground beef, 1 small tomato, diced finely, 14 teaspoon garam masala, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Kosher salt, 4 pieces pita whole wheat or regular, cut into quarters, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing], title: Lebanese MeatStuffed Pitas Arayes, picturelink: 0UCsDwK7jzhJEqb1inXv8woIOEfH.Qe}, 17843: {instructions: Preheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh.nWhisk the flour with the oats, sugar, wheat germ, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt in a medium bowl. In another medium bowl, lightly whisk the eggs, then add the milk, butter, and oil.nGently stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients with a wooden spoon, to make a batter. Take care not to overwork the batter, its fine if there are a few lumps.nPour 13 to 12 cup of batter per waffle it depends on the size of your waffle iron and cook until the outside of the waffle is crisp and inside is cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes. The time varies depending on the size and spread of a waffle iron. Serve warm with maple syrup. Repeat with remaining batter., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup rolled oats, 14 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons wheat germ, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch fine salt, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups milk, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup peanut or walnut oil, Maple syrup], title: Whole Grain Waffles, picturelink: null}, 17844: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the olives, lemon zest and garlic in a small bowl. Set aside.nMix the smoked paprika, olive oil, 34 teaspoon of the salt and pepper into a paste in a large bowl.nLay the chicken thighs skinside down. Using a pair of kitchen shears, make a cut down the length of the bone to expose it, then cut the meat away from the bone. Discard the bone. Add the boned chicken thighs to the paste and massage to coat.nThinly slice the potatoes on a mandoline, about 14inch thick. Arrange the potato slices and onion pieces in an even layer on a foillined half sheet pan and sprinkle with the remaining 34 teaspoon salt.nStuff about 2 tablespoons of the olive mixture under the skin of each chicken thigh. Arrange the chicken thighs, skinside up, on a cooling rack and set the rack over the potatoes and onion in the half sheet pan. Bake until the skin is crispy and the potatoes are tender, 55 to 60 minutes. If you prefer the potatoes crispy, remove the rack with the chicken and return to the oven for an additional 5 to 10 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 ounces pimento stuffed green olives, chopped, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 3 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, freshly ground, 8 bonein, skinon chicken thighs, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, unpeeled, 1 medium yellow onion, frenched], title: Smoked Paprika Chicken Thighs with Potato and Onion, picturelink: E.NCDOh56l5QjBzjNoiMXpcT3caX9i}, 17845: {instructions: Heat a grill to medium high. Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs. Drain and rinse under cold water. Set aside in a colander to drain thoroughly.nWhisk the lime juice, 3 tablespoons water, the sugar, sambal oelek and fish sauce in a large bowl. Add the cucumber, onion, watermelon and noodles. Season with salt and pepper and toss set aside.nSeason the steak with salt and pepper. Brush the grill with vegetable oil. Grill the steak until marked, about 3 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes, then thinly slice.nAdd all but a few tablespoons cilantro to the noodle salad and toss. Top with the steak and the remaining cilantro.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 8ounce package rice vermicelli noodles, 14 cup lime juice from about 3 limes, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons sambal oelek Asian chile sauce, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 1 English cucumber, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 4 cups cubed watermelon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds skirt steak, cut into 4 pieces, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 12 cup fresh cilantro], title: Thai NoodleSteak Salad, picturelink: q7tgwdU36bpBWmYAB5s1hFqq.KhP5O}, 17846: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the wontons: In a large bowl combine the strawberries, orange juice and powdered sugar. Allow the strawberries to macerate for 20 minutes.nPlace a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 24count mini muffin tin with cooking spray. To create the wonton cups make a small fold in the center of each wonton and push it into the muffin cup, leaving a cup empty between each wonton. Bake the cups until the edges are golden, 5 to 6 minutes. Cool the cups while you make the whipped cream.nFor the whipped cream: In a bowl using an electric mixer, combine the heavy cream, mascarpone, sugar, vanilla and orange zest. Whip until the cream has soft peaks, about 2 minutes.nTo assemble the cups: Drain the berries, reserving the macerating liquid. Place a few berry slices in the bottom of each cup. Fill the cup with a tablespoon of whipped cream and top with additional strawberry slices. Drizzle with the reserved berry juices and serve., ingredients: [2 cups strawberries, hulled and chopped into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons orange juice, from 12 medium orange, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, Cooking spray, 24 wontons wrappers, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, room temperature, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Zest of 1 medium orange], title: Strawberry Wonton Cups with Orange Mascarpone Whipped Cream, picturelink: TbdAyZ1NU1wjPeygFcG8U3tqZTlnH6}, 17847: {instructions: In a hot saute pan, add 1 tablespoon of oil and saute garlic. Add mushrooms and mix carefully. Season with salt and pepper. Deglaze with wine and reduce until nearly dry. Check for seasoning and lay mushrooms on a tray to cool completely. In a large bowl, whisk together eggs and cream. Mix in cooled mushrooms and scallions. Spray 4 large ramekins with cooking spray and fill 45. Place in hot bain marie boiling water up half way and bake in oven at 300 degrees for 25 minutes or until set.nIn a 1 quart casserole, add 1 tablespoon butter and sweat onions and garlic until soft. Add water and season well. Add the asparagus and cook for only 3 to 5 minutes until soft. Add the spinach and take the casserole off of the heat. It is imperative that this water tastes salty so that when the asparagus and spinach are added, they maintain their green color. Immediately buzz the sauce with a hand blender and add the butter. Check for seasoning. Add the truffle oil and keep warm in a water bath.nPLATINGnIn a large pasta bowl, ladle in the asparagus sauce. Place one custard in the middle and garnish with asparagus spears, truffle oil and fresh truffle slices., ingredients: [2 to 4 ounces of butter, 2 sliced white onions, 2 cloves of garlic, sliced, 2 cups of water, 2 cups asparagus, top part only from naturally breaking. Save 8 spears for garnish, blanched, shocked, tossed in lemon juice, salt and pepper, 1 cup spinach leaves, 12 tablespoon white truffle oil, Salt and white pepper to taste, 1 golf ball size black truffle, sliced very optional], title: Wild Mushroom Custard with AsparagusTruffle Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17848: {instructions: Evenly scoop the ice cream into 4 dishes or decorative glasses and put in the freezer until ready to serve this can be done up to 4 hours ahead.nWash and pit the cherries. Put the cherries and sugar in a large skillet. Peel 2 strips of zest from the lemon in wide strips with a peeler and add to the cherries. Squeeze the juice of half the lemon over the top. Stir to combine evenly. Cover and cook the cherries over mediumlow heat until the sugar dissolves, about 4 minutes. Uncover and cook over mediumhigh until cherries get juicy, about 5 minutes more.nTo flambe the rum: If cooking over a gas flame, pull the pan off the heat and add the rum. Ignite the alcohol with a long match or one held with tongs. Swirl the pan slightly until the flames subside, about 30 seconds.nIf cooking over an electric stove, put the rum in a small saucepan. Warm it over mediumlow heat and carefully light it with a long match or one held with tongs. Pour the lit rum over the cherries, and swirl the pan lightly until the flames subside, about 30 seconds.nLadle the cherries and their juices over prepared ice cream scoops. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 pound fresh, ripe sweet cherries, such as Bing, 12 cup sugar, 1 lemon, 13 cup golden rum], title: Cherries Jubilee, picturelink: 6qqSzxq2dFJON3giCiIHY6a4bI6Odr2}, 17849: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil prepare an ice water bath. Blanch the broccoli in the boiling water, then immediately transfer to the ice water to stop the cooking process. Drain and set aside.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and onions and saute until the onions are translucent and tender, about 5 minutes. Add the ginger and garlic and quickly stirfry for about 30 seconds. Add the rice, hot dogs and broccoli and stirfry 2 minutes. Stir in the soy sauce, sesame oil and scallions.nServe topped with fried eggs, cilantro and Sriracha., ingredients: [2 cups broccoli florets, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, 1 onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 3 cups cooked brown rice, 1 cup diced hot dogs, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 2 scallions, white and light green parts, sliced, 4 fried eggs, for serving, Chopped fresh cilantro, for serving, Sriracha sauce, for serving], title: Hot Dog Fried Rice, picturelink: rJ6agD.0PE4axYZc4aiIVbr.kXVBXJy}, 17850: {instructions: Peel and coarsely chop the potatoes and the celery root. Put potatoes and celery root in separate pots and add salt to each.nBoil the potatoes and celery root until soft, and then drain them.nPour the heavy cream into a pot and bring it to a boil. Add the butter, saffron, garlic, and 1 cup of the gruyere. Cook about 5 minutes over moderately low heat until the cream mixture is bright yellow.nPuree drained celery root in food processor, gradually adding yellow cream mixture.nMash the drained potatoes to a rough texture.nAdd pureed celery root to mashed potatoes. Add the rest of the gruyere and mix together. Season with salt and pepper.nButter a 13 by 9inch gratin dish and put the puree in it. Sprinkle with the parsley.nBake at 400 degrees for about 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 pounds potatoes, 4 pounds celery root, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 stick butter, 12 teaspoon saffron, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 12 cups gruyere, Salt and pepper, 12 cup chopped flat leaf parsley], title: Celery Root Gratin, picturelink: null}, 17851: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the pie crust: In a resealable plastic bag, crush the graham crackers. Transfer the crushed graham crackers into a big bowl and mix in the grated dark chocolate shavings, brown sugar, and melted butter. Line 6 4inch mini pie molds with the crust mixture, making crust about 18inch thick. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, then cool.nTo make the filling: In a bowl, combine egg yolks, fresh pink grapefruit juice, fresh lemon juice, pink grapefruit zest, and lemon zest. Mix and set aside. In a heavy saucepan add: brown sugar, cornstarch, a pinch of sea salt, and water. Bring to a boil over medium heat whisking constantly for 2 to 3 minutes, until the mixture thickens. Slowly whisk in a small portion of this mixture to the egg yolkscitrus mixture. Cooks Note: Be careful not to cook the yolks.nWhisk the egg yolkcitrus mixture back into the pot, reduce the heat to low, add 2 tablespoons unsalted butter and whisk for 8 more minutes, until very thick. Cover and refrigerate the mixture for 3 hours.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTo make the meringue: In clean bowl, combine the 4 egg whites, white sugar, and white vinegar. Using electric mixer or whisk, whip until stiff peaks form.nEvenly divide and spoon the chilled citrus filling into the graham cracker crusts and top with lots of meringue. Bake for 10 minutes, or until the meringues brown slightly., ingredients: [15 graham crackers, crushed, 12 cup finely grated semisweet dark chocolate, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 4 eggs, separate yolks from whites, at room temperature, 14 cup freshly squeezed pink grapefruit juice, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon fresh grapefruit zest, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon zest, 1 14 cups brown sugar, 13 cup cornstarch, Pinch salt, 1 12 cups water, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons white sugar, 1 teaspoon white vinegar], title: Pink Grapefruit Meringue Pies, picturelink: null}, 17852: {instructions: In a tall stock pot heat the vegetable oil. Add the chicken and saute over moderate heat for about 5 minutes or until browned. Remove and set aside. Add the onions and saute until golden. Return chicken to stockpot with 14 cup of water. Cover and simmer over very low heat for 20 minutes or until chicken has given off its liquid. Add carrot, celery, remaining water and bouquet garni. Slowly bring water to a boil, skimming on occasion and simmer for 30 minutes longer.nStrain, discard the solids and cool to room temperature. Refrigerate and remove fat the following day. Reheat to adjust the seasoning., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 pounds chicken backs, necks, thighs, wings, 2 onions, chopped roughly, 2 quarts water, 1 carrot, chopped roughly, 1 celery stalk, chopped roughly, Bouquet Garni, wrapped in cheesecloth bay leaf, parsley, 2 cloves garlic and thyme], title: Pretty Quick Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 17853: {instructions: Make the cornbread: Place a 9inch castiron skillet in the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Whisk the cornmeal, flour, sugar, salt, baking powder and baking soda in a large bowl. Whisk in the milk, buttermilk, eggs and almost all of the melted butter, reserving about 1 tablespoon for brushing the skillet.nCarefully remove the hot skillet from the oven and brush the bottom and sides with the reserved melted butter. Pour the batter into the skillet, return to the oven and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cornbread comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 10 to 15 minutes, then sprinkle lightly with sugar for texture.nMeanwhile, make the jam: Cut the strawberries widthwise into 14inchthick slices the slices should be thin enough to bend slightly. Using a vegetable peeler, remove the zest from 13 of the lemon with a light touch, leaving the pith behind transfer to a large bowl. Squeeze the lemon juice into the bowl. Add the orange juice, salt, sugar and strawberries and toss. Cover and refrigerate until the cornbread is out of the oven.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the strawberry mixture and cook, stirring, until the juices reduce and thicken slightly, about 10 minutes. Slice the cornbread and serve with the strawberry jam.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 14 cups coarsely ground cornmeal, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 13 cup whole milk, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 pound strawberries, hulled and halved, 1 lemon, Juice of 12 orange, Pinch of salt, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Skillet Cornbread With Strawberry Jam, picturelink: wisimMUYqH5HCMExp3uD9h.z2VUBBSu}, 17854: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nProcess the lime juice, zest, avocado, salt, and pepper in a mini food processor until smooth. Gradually add the oil until emulsified. Season the dressing, to taste, with additional salt and pepper.nUsing a paring knife and working over a large bowl to catch the juice, remove the peel and white pith from the oranges. Cut between the membranes to remove the segments directly into the bowl. Squeeze any excess juice from the membranes directly into the bowl and discard the membranes. Add the watercress and dried cranberries. Toss with the orange juice and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo serve: Spread 1 side of the jicama slices with a little of the dressing. Using the jicama slices as you would a tortilla, place the watercress salad in the center of each jicama slice and fold to make tacos.nCooks Note: The dressing can also be made by hand. Use a fork to mash the avocado until smooth and add the lime zest and juice. Whisking constantly, drizzle in the oil until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice from approximately 1 large lime, 12 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 12 Haas avocado, peeled and pitted, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 oranges, 2 bunches watercress, thick stems removed about 4 cups, 14 cup dried cranberries, 1 small jicama, peeled and cut into very thin slices], title: Citrus Tacos, picturelink: RZuwlr3ZMWUfTYik0E.EYC314O99r2}, 17855: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 380 degrees F.nIn a large bowl sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt and set aside.nIn another large bowl, whisk together the sugar, oil, egg and yogurt. Add the dry ingredients reserving 1 tablespoon of the dry ingredients and toss with the blueberries. Stir mixture for a count of 10. Add 1 cup blueberries to mixture and stir 3 more times. Reserve the 12 cup of blueberries.nUsing a 20 ice cream scoop, add the mixture to greased muffin pans. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup of berries on top of muffins and press down lightly. Place into the oven and increase the temperature to 400 degrees. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, rotating pan halfway through. Remove from oven and turn out, upside down on tea towel to cool completely. Serve immediately or store in airtight container for 2 to 3 days., ingredients: [12 12 ounces cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Heavy pinch salt, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 egg, 1 cup yogurt, 1 12 cups fresh blueberries, Vegetable spray, for the muffin tins], title: Blueberry Muffins, picturelink: iwJnet7Fv64tcUNw2AzS6DMNUAg373q}, 17856: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a casserole dish, mix together the potatoes, oil, garlic, parsley, salt, and pepper. Roast for 20 minutes or until the potatoes are tender., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fingerling potatoes, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 8 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped Italian parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Garlic Fingerling Potatoes, picturelink: 3VbW9SmuyLXsiPmYnxS.YDuuo0xXggO}, 17857: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Beat the butter, egg yolk, 2 tablespoons grapefruit zest and the salt in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and creamy, about 3 minutes. Add 1 cup confectioners sugar and beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to medium low and gradually beat in the flour until incorporated.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and dust with flour. Gently knead a few times until soft but not sticky, dusting the surface with more flour as needed. Roll out to slightly thicker than 14 inch thick and cut out circles with a 2to2 12inchround cookie cutter. Gather the scraps and reroll to cut out more cookies.nArrange the cookies 2 inches apart on 2 baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are firm and golden brown on the bottoms, 15 to 18 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nWhisk the remaining 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice and the remaining 12 teaspoon zest in a bowl until smooth. Gradually whisk in up to 1 tablespoon more grapefruit juice until the glaze is spreadable. Tint pink with food coloring. Spread about 12 teaspoon glaze on each cookie. Sprinkle with coarse sugar.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg yolk, 2 tablespoons plus 12 teaspoon finely grated pink grapefruit zest from 2 large grapefruits, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh pink grapefruit juice, Red food coloring, Coarse sugar, for decorating], title: Pink Grapefruit Shortbread, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 17858: {instructions: Pour the white zinfandel and grape juice into a tall glass filled with ice. Stir and then strain into a martini glass. Garnish with frozen grapes or berries., ingredients: [2 parts white zinfandel, 1 part white or red grape juice, Ice cubes, Frozen grapes or berries, for garnish], title: Grape Tinis, picturelink: null}, 17859: {instructions: Cut plantains in half and peel. Slice them crosswise on the diagonal into 14inch ovals. In a 10inch iron skillet heat oil over moderate heat until hazy. Fry the plantains for about 4 minutes a side, turning them once. They should look golden brown. Drain on paper towels and season well with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 large ripe plantains, Vegetable oil as needed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Ripe Plantains, picturelink: null}, 17860: {instructions: To make the ravioli: mix all of the stuffing ingredients together. Place 1 wonton skin on a flat surface. Moisten the edges with a little water. Place about 2 teaspoons of the stuffing in the center of the wonton. Top with another wonton and press the edges to seal. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the ravioli and boil for 3 to 4 minutes, or until they float to the surface and the lobster is cooked through.nTo make the sauce, in a nonstick pan, add the butter and melt. Add the flour and cook, stirring, until the mixture bubble like pancake batter, about 4 minutes. Whisk in the wine, garlic, and curry powder and cook until the mixture is thickened and the alcohol has cooked out of the wine, about 5 minutes. Add the milk slowly. Use chicken bouillon as your salt and sweeten with honey to your liking. After the sauce is nice and thick, add ravioli. Season with black pepper. Garnish with chopped basil, grated Parmesan, and roasted macadamia nuts., ingredients: [6 ounces raw lobster meat, chopped, 1ounce macadamia nuts, toasted, chopped, 3 to 5 fresh basil leaves, chopped, Pinch ground cumin, 1 clove fresh garlic, minced, 1 package wonton skins, 2 teaspoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup white wine, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 to 4 teaspoons curry powder, 1 cup milk, Pinch granulated chicken bouillon, 12ounce honey, Black pepper, Chopped basil, for garnish, Grated Parmesan, Macadamia nuts, roasted for garnish], title: Macadamia Nut and Lobster Ravioli with Curry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17861: {instructions: Combine 6 roughly chopped peeled peaches about 5 cups, one 6ounce can frozen lemonade concentrate, 14 cup gin and 12 cup ice in a blender. Blend until smooth in batches if necessary. Pour into 4 glasses., ingredients: [], title: Peach Fizz, picturelink: null}, 17862: {instructions: Put cornmeal in a large bowl with salt and cheese. Put milk in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat until steam rises, then add butter and stir until melted. Remove from heat and stir into cornmeal mixture until a thick batter is formed. Fold in the corn kernels, scallion, cilantro and chile, if using.nLet batter rest until it thickens into a soft dough, about 15 minutes. Gently form 3inch to 4inch balls from mixture and flatten with palm of your hand to a 12inchthick disk. You can cover and refrigerate disks for a few hours if you like.nHeat oil in a large skillet and cook arepas, working in batches, until golden brown, about 5 minutes, then flip and cook for another 3 minutes on other side. When all arepas are cooked and cool enough to handle, carefully slice them through the middle. If desired, serve with butter or stuff with beans, vegetables or sour cream., ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, finely ground, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup grated Cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons butter, plus more for serving, optional, 12 cup fresh sweet corn kernels or frozen kernels, thawed, 14 cup chopped scallion, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 small serrano or jalapeno chile, seeded and minced, optional, 3 tablespoons corn, canola, grapeseed or other neutral oil, Cooked black beans or vegetables or sour cream for stuffing, optional], title: Arepas with Cheese and Corn, picturelink: null}, 17863: {instructions: Special equipment: a candy cane cookie cutter about 3 12 inches by 2 inchesnFor the cookies: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In a separate large bowl using an electric mixer, beat together the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar, mixing until pale yellow and fluffy, 3 minutes. Add in the peppermint extract and eggs and mix well. Slowly incorporate the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and mix well.nTransfer the dough to a floured work surface, divide into two disks, wrap in plastic and chill in the refrigerator for about an hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nWorking with one disk at a time, roll out the dough to 14inch thickness. Cut out candy cane shapes with the cookie cutter and place the cookies about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Reroll the scraps to get as many cookies as possible, returning the dough to the refrigerator to chill if necessary.nBake just until the edges start to brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Bake one sheet at a time for even cooking and browning. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack and let cool.nFor the royal icing: In the bowl of a stand mixer using a whisk attachment, combine the confectioners sugar and meringue powder and mix for 30 seconds. Add 13 cup water and the peppermint extract and continue mixing on low until the icing forms peaks, 8 to 10 minutes. Adjust the consistency of the icing with additional water if necessary.nSet aside some of the icing in a small bowl and add enough food coloring until the desired shade of red is reached.nIce the cookies with the white icing and let dry completely. Decorate with the red icing and crushed candies to make a candy cane pattern., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring work surface, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon peppermint extract, 2 large eggs, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons meringue powder, 14 teaspoon peppermint extract, Red food coloring, for tinting icing, 14 cup crushed peppermint candies], title: Peppermint Twist Candy Cookies, picturelink: null}, 17864: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees Fand coat a 9inchsquare cake pan with cooking spray. Combine 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon fine salt and 1 12 tablespoons water in a medium saucepan and stir until the mixture looks like wet sand. Cook over mediumhigh heat, gently swirling the pan occasionally but not stirring, until light amber, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and immediately pour into the prepared cake pan the caramel hardens quickly. Arrange the nectarines over the caramel in 4 rows set the pan aside.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and the remaining 12 teaspoon fine salt in a bowl. Beat the butter and the remaining 1 cup sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition, then beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour, and mix until just incorporated. Pour the batter over the nectarines and spread evenly.nTransfer to the oven and bake until the cake is golden and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 50 minutes. Cover loosely with foil if the cake is browning too quickly. Let sit 15 minutes, then invert onto a platter and let cool completely. Sprinkle with sea salt.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 34 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 4 nectarines, cut into 12inch wedges about 1 14 pounds, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, Coarse sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Nectarine UpsideDown Cake with Salted Caramel, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 17865: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nOn an ovensafe plate, arrange some of the chips in a single layer, overlapping them slightly. Sprinkle on a good layer of cheese, then add a layer of the chili, then another round of chips, cheese and chili. Keep going until you feel youve successfully built Mount St. NachonPut the plate in the oven and heat the nachos until the cheese is totally melted, 4 to 5 minutes. Then dive right in and devour them.nIn a large, heavy pot, brown the ground beef with the garlic over medium heat until the beef is totally cooked, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain off most of the excess fat, leaving a little behind for moisture and flavor. Add the tomato sauce, tomato paste, chili powder, cumin, oregano, salt and cayenne. Stir together well, cover the pot and reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally if the liquid level seems low, add up to 1 cup water to keep it from burning.nAfter an hour, stir in the kidney and pinto beans. In a small bowl, combine the masa harina with 12 cup water and stir together with a fork until its smooth. Pour the masa mixture into the chili. Stir together well, then taste the chili and adjust the seasonings. Simmer the chili for another 10 minutes to thicken, then turn off the heat and let it cool.nFill freezer bags with 2cup portions and freeze them flat for easy stacking or freeze in other freezersafe containers., ingredients: [4 to 6 ounces goodquality tortilla chips, 8 ounces grated Cheddar Jack cheese about 1 12 cups, 2 cups chili, recipe follows, heated, 4 pounds ground beef, 6 cloves garlic, minced, Two 8ounce cans tomato sauce, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 14 cup chili powder, or more as desired, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or more as desired, Two 15ounce cans kidney beans, drained and rinsed, Two 15ounce cans pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup masa harina corn flour or regular cornmeal], title: Chili Nachos, picturelink: null}, 17866: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a 2 quart pitcher. Stir. Serve chilled., ingredients: [1 11ounce can pineapple juice recommended: Dole, 1 liter ginger ale recommended: Canada Dry, 1 cup bourbon recommended: Jim Beam, Ice cubes, 2 15ounce cans fruit cocktail recommended: Del Monte Lite], title: Palm Springs Punch, picturelink: ka9ToX4IKchoOEUyDJlIKPvXxBmNrC}, 17867: {instructions: Special equipment: a meat tenderizernCombine 5 cups water and the turbinado sugar and ginger in a medium pot. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then turn off the heat and stir in the lime juice. Let cool to room temperature.nPour the mixture into a 9by13inch metal baking pan and place in the freezer. Freeze until completely frozen, about 4 hours or up to overnight.nTake the pan out of the freezer when it becomes a giant ice cube. Smash the frozen block with a meat tenderizer and scoop crushed granita into chilled martini glasses. Garnish with lime zest and serve immediately. Freeze any remaining granita until ready to serve., ingredients: [12 cup turbinado sugar, One 2inch piece ginger, peeled and grated, 5 tablespoons lime juice, Lime zest, for garnish], title: GingerLime Granita, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 17868: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350u00b0F and lightly butter a 13x9inch baking dish.nPlace yams and sweet potatoes in a large pot fitted with a steamer basket and steam for 15 minutes or until almost fully cooked. Or place in a large covered bowl with 1 inch of water and microwave on HIGH.nPlace half in the bottom of prepared dish and top with half the pears. Repeat layers.nStir together brown sugar and cinnamon and sprinkle over the top. Drizzle with syrup and dot with butter. Top with walnuts and bake for 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes, peel, sliced 14inch thick, 2 ounds yams, peeled, sliced 14inch thick, 2 pears, large, ripe, peeled, cored, thinly sliced, 14 c brown sugar, 1 t cinnamon, 14 c maple syrup, 14 c butter, cut into small pieces, 1 c California walnuts, coarsely broken or chopped], title: Maple Walnut Sweet Potato Casserole, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 17869: {instructions: Butter the bottom and sides of a 9inch tart pan with a removable bottom and set aside.nToss together the flour, 12 cup almonds, and sugar. Cut the butter into the dry mixture until it is the consistency of fine bread crumbs. Add 1 egg and a pinch of salt and mix well, kneading slightly. Form the pastry into a ball, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate 30 minutes.nRoll out the dough to 18inch thickness. Line the tart pan with the dough, letting it hang over by 1inch. Trim the edges, reserving the scraps and rolling them into a ball. Place the pan in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nRoll the reserved dough ball out to 18inch thickness and, using a pastry cutter with a crimp edge, cut it into several strips that are 9inches long and 14inch wide. Set these strips aside in a cool place.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine the tart pan with waxed paper and load the inside with beans. Bake in the oven until the dough has firmed but is still pale about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside.nBeat the egg whites until they are thick and glossy. Spread the apricot jam in an even layer inside the tart crust. Fold the remaining almonds and the chocolate into the whipped egg whites and spread this mixture over the apricot jam. Arrange the dough strips over the top of the tart in a crisscross fashion, pushing the ends into the apricot mixture. Brush the top with the beaten egg and bake 30 minutes. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup ground toasted almonds, plus 2 cups, 12 cup sugar, 1 egg, plus 3 egg whites, plus 1 egg beaten, Salt, 12 cup apricot jam, 12 cup semisweet chocolate, finely chopped], title: Almond Tart: Crostata alle Mandorle, picturelink: null}, 17870: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 4 sage leaves and fry quickly until crisp, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Reserve.nAdd the sweet potatoes to the skillet, toss until coated in the butter, then add the water and the remaining 8 sage leaves. Bring the water to a simmer and cook the potatoes, uncovered, until the water has evaporated and the potatoes are just fork tender, about 10 minutes. If there is any excess water in the pan, remove it with a large spoon and reserve. Continue cooking the potatoes, scraping the pan frequently with a spoon, until crusty brown, about 10 more minutes. Add a tablespoon of the leftover cooking liquid or fresh water if the potatoes stick or begin to scorch.nMeanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the chopped onion and cook, adding water as necessary when the pan gets dry, until deep golden brown, about 20 minutes. Transfer the onions to a serving bowl. Wipe out the pan, add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, and fry the eggs, 2 at a time, to your preference. Cooks Note: I like mine over easy.nPlate the potatoes in the center of 4 plates with the caramelized onions alongside. Top each plate with 2 fried eggs, garnish with a fried sage leaf and enjoynCooks Note: Serve with your favorite breakfast meat., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, divided, 12 fresh sage leaves, divided, 2 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 cup water, 2 Vidalia or sweet onions, chopped, 8 large eggs], title: Deconstructed Sweet Potato Hash with Fried Eggs, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 17871: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and adjust the racks to the center of the oven. Fit a roasting pan with a Vrack.nMix together the honey, olive oil, cinnamon, smoked paprika and some salt and pepper in a small bowl.nSprinkle the cavity of the chicken with salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity with the rosemary sprigs and lemon slices. Place the chicken in the Vrackfitted roasting pan. Sprinkle the outside of the chicken with salt and pepper. Tie the drumsticks together using butchers twine. Brush the outside of the chicken with about half of the honey glaze.nTransfer the chicken to the hot oven. Roast about 30 minutes, and then brush the glaze on the chicken once more. Continue to roast the chicken until the skin is golden brown and crisp , and an instantread thermometer reaches 165 degrees when inserted in the thickest part of the thighs, about 45 minutes longer., ingredients: [2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 4pound roasting chicken, rinsed, dried and giblets removed, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 lemon, sliced], title: Honey Spiced Roasted Chicken, picturelink: GzRIR0d9jsKP5GXuPtZbBREF41yUeNa}, 17872: {instructions: Char a whole orange on the grill and set aside to cool down.nCombine the gin, vermouth, liqueur, simple syrup, lemon juice and bitters in a mixing glass over ice. Add a slice of the charred orange and shake. Pour into a rocks glass and drink up, ingredients: [1 orange, 1 12 ounces gin, such as Bombay Sapphire, 1 ounce sweet vermouth, 12 ounce bitter orange liqueur, such as Aperol, 12 ounce simple syrup, 14 ounce lemon juice, Dash bitters, Ice], title: Burnt Orange Negroni, picturelink: uidJjqaJ7.8ENhLjIdppRW0wosg0Dyq}, 17873: {instructions: 1. Brush the onion slices and the tomatoes with olive oil.n2. Grill on both sides over medium heat until marked and lightly cooked.n3. Sprinkle with Mrs. Dashu00ae Original Blend.n4. To serve, transfer to small plates. Sprinkle with Parmesan and basil., ingredients: [1 red onion, sliced into 12 inch circles, 1 lb. large ripe tomatoes of your choosing, colorful or one color, cut in half, 3 Tbsp. extra virgin olive oil, 12 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Original Blend, 4 Tbsp. fresh basil, cut into slivers, 3 Tbsp. low sodium Parmesan, shredded], title: Grilled Onion and Tomato Salad, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 17874: {instructions: Chop the chocolate and place it in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Add the cream, zest, coffee and Grand Marnier and stir constantly until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Transfer the mixture to a fondue pot and serve warm with the pound cake, doughnuts, strawberries, bananas or pretzels., ingredients: [7 ounces good semisweet chocolate, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 12 teaspoons grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon instant coffee granules, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier liqueur, For serving: Pound cake, doughnuts, longstemmed strawberries, bananas or pretzels], title: Chocolate Orange Fondue, picturelink: null}, 17875: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9inch springform pan. Add 1 tablespoon of sugar and tilt the pan from side to side to coat the bottom and sides tap out excess sugar set pan aside. In a saucepan, combine 1 34 cups of sugar and water together. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Reduce the heat and boil gently, without stirring for 5 minutes. Stir in the squash and boil gently for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. In a food processor, pulse the almonds and cinnamon for 60 seconds. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and pulse for another 60 seconds. With the machine running, add the marzipan, a couple of pieces at a time. Pulse the mixture until thoroughly blended, about 60 seconds. Remove the mixture from the processor and stir into the sugar mixture. Reduce the heat to low and cook for 25 minutes. In a mixing bowl, beat the egg yolks and eggs until frothy. Slowly whisk the hot almond mixture into the egg mixture. Pour the mixture back into the saucepan and continue to cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly, the mixture will thicken. Stir in the ginger and pour the filling into the prepared pan. Sprinkle the top with the remaining tablespoon of sugar and the minced almonds. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until the sides pull away from the pan and the center is set. Remove the pan from the oven and cool on a wire rack for 5 minutes. Run a spatula around the sides of the pan and remove the springform. Cool the torte completely before slicing. As the torte cools it will soften, taking on a jelly like consistency. Cut the torte into 16 slices., ingredients: [2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 1 34 cups, plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup water, 12 cup thawed frozen pureed winter squash, drained very well, 2 cups whole blanched almonds, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 12 ounces marzipan, cut in small pieces, 10 jumbo egg yolks, 3 jumbo eggs, 3 tablespoons finely minced crystallized ginger, 1 tablespoon finely minced blanched almonds], title: Bacon from Heaven, picturelink: null}, 17876: {instructions: Cut chicken into 12inch wide strips and season with salt and pepper. Combine in a medium mixing bowl with 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Toss to coat. Heat remaining oil in a large skillet over high heat. Fry chicken strips until golden all over but pink inside, about 1 minute per side. Remove from pan and reserve. In same pan, add white mushrooms and shallots and cook over moderate heat until soft, about 2 minutes. Add caraway seeds and carefully cook just until aroma is released, about 1 minute. Its easy to burn the seeds. Remove from heat. Add Madeira and cook over high heat until reduced by half, and stir in drained soaked mushrooms, stock and cream. Reduce by about half, or until cream has thickened sauce to suit your taste. Reduce heat, stir in remaining seasonings, and return chicken and juices to pan to reheat. When sauce returns to a boil, remove from heat, and serve. Spoon chicken over a bed of Wide Egg Noodles. Ladle on sauce and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 skinless, boneless whole chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup vegetable oil, 10 white mushrooms, sliced, 6 shallots, minced, 2 tablespoons caraway seeds, chopped, 2 cups Madeira, 1ounce morel or other dried mushrooms, soaked in 34 cup hot water for 30 minutes, and chopped roughly, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 3 dashes hot sauce], title: Sauteed Chicken with Caraway and Cream, picturelink: null}, 17877: {instructions: Combine 14 cup of the blueberries, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon honey and the thyme sprigs in a small heavy saucepan. Coarsely mash the blueberries using a fork or a potato masher. Place over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil. Remove the pan from the heat, cover and let the mixture stand for 15 minutes. Uncover the pan and let the syrup cool slightly. Discard the thyme sprigs.nPlace the remaining blueberries, remaining 13 cup honey, yogurt, agave, lemon juice and cooled blueberry syrup in a blender or food processor. Blend until the mixture is almost smooth.nTransfer the yogurt mixture to a shallow glass baking dish, cover and freeze until slushy, about 2 hours. Using a fork, stir to blend. Continue to freeze until firm, at least 8 hours or overnight. Using the tines of a fork, scrape the mixture into small serving bowls or glasses. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound frozen blueberries, thawed, 1 tablespoon plus 13 cup honey, Two 3inchlong sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cups chilled plain wholemilk Greek yogurt, 14 cup agave, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice], title: Blueberry Frozen Yogurt, picturelink: 6Zgr.gHT5FtMpr3VIOnmaUe1qyZpxZW}, 17878: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. 2. Blend or whisk together the egg yolks, Dannon Oikos Greek yogurt, condensed milk, lime juice and zest. Pour filling into graham cracker crust and bake for 15 to 18 minutes until set. 3. Cool in refrigerator for at least one hour before topping with whipped cream and a slice of lime.nOikos is a registered trademark of Stonyfield Farm, Inc. used under license by The Dannon Company, Inc, ingredients: [5 egg yolks, 1 cup Dannon Oikos Greek yogurt, vanilla, 14oz sweetened condensed low fat milk, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, or key lime juice, 1 tablespoon lime zest, 9inch prepared graham crust, Lowfat whipped cream for topping,  use instead of cream cheese 80 less fat], title: Greek Key Lime Pie, picturelink: null}, 17879: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large 7quart Dutch oven or rondeau with olive oil and bring to a medium high heat. Pat the capon dry and sprinkle generously with salt, to taste. Working in batches if necessary, coat the capon gently with flour and put immediately in the hot oil. Only flour the capon that you are working with in that batch no premature flouring. Premature flouring will result in doughy, gritty, mealy capon rather than crispy. Brown on all sides, and then remove from the pan to paper towels. Remove any excess oil from the pan.nReduce the heat to medium and add the bacon lardons to the pan with a tiny splash of new olive oil. Cook the bacon until it is brown and crispy. Add the celery and onions, season with salt and cook until the veggies are starting to soften, are very aromatic and have no color, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and cook until the mushrooms give off their juices, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the brandy and cook until it has reduced down. Add the tomato paste and stir to combine. The mixture will become very thickthat is good Stir in the wine and bring the mixture to a boil and cook for 4 to 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a pot of wellsalted water to a boil over medium heat. Toss in the cipollini onions, skin and all Cook the onions for 3 to 4 minutes and then strain. When the onions are cool enough to handle, remove the skin and discard, reserving the onions.nReturn the legs and thighs of the capon to the pan, reserving the breasts. Stir in enough chicken stock until the chicken is threequarters covered. Add the bay leaves and thyme. Bring the mixture to a boil, and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if needed. Add the cipollini onions and the potatoes. Partially cover the pan and simmer for 20 minutes.nAfter the capon has simmered for 20 minutes, turn the legs and thighs over and add the breasts. Check the level of liquid and add more chicken stock if needed. Partially cover the pan and simmer for another 15 minutes.nRemove the capon from the pan and skim the sauce, if necessary. If the sauce is on the thin side reduce it down until it becomes a saucelike consistency. Season. Transfer the capon to a serving platter, garnish with chopped chives and serve with lots of the sauce.nChicken, bacon, and mushrooms oh my, ingredients: [1 6 to 8 pound capon, cut into 8 to 10 pieces You can use regular chicken if you cant find a capon, but I highly recommend searching one out., Kosher salt, Olive oil, Allpurpose flour for dusting, 8 ounces pound slab bacon, cut into lardons, 3 ribs celery, cut into 12inch dice, 1 large onion, cut into 12inch dice, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 pound cremini or white button mushrooms, quartered, 12 cup brandy, 14 cup tomato paste, 3 cups hearty red wine, 12 pound small cipollini onions, If you cant find cipollini onions, pearl onions are a good substitute, 4 to 6 cups chicken stock, 3 bay leaves, 1 bundle of fresh thyme, 12 ounces pound fingerling potatoes, cut in 1inch slices, Fresh chives, finely chopped, for garnish], title: Coq au Vin, picturelink: 7hqpA3sgX2OieRQFaJ0KsfvhEefihV2}, 17880: {instructions: In a small pitcher, combine the Champagne and limoncello. Place a spoonful of crushed ice into each of 2 Champagne glasses and top with raspberries. Pour the Champagne mixture over the ice and raspberries. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup Champagne or sparkling water, 14 cup limoncello liqueur, Crushed ice, 2 tablespoons fresh raspberries or frozen raspberries, thawed], title: Lemon Raspberry Fizz, picturelink: UgYBzcIKThBzxWxfg1mQWSjxZuvLES}, 17881: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the turkey breast in half and remove the breastplate from the meat. Place the bone in a large roasting pan, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. The breastbone will act as a natural roasting rack. Surround it with the vegetables and herbs. Drizzle with oil and season again. Bake in the oven for 15 minutes while preparing the turkey breast.nCoat a large skillet with oil. Over medium heat, sear the turkey breast skin side down until crispy. In a small bowl, combine honey, thyme leaves, salt, and pepper. Remove the turkey from the skillet and brush with the honey paste.nRemove the roasting pan from the oven, then lay the turkey breast on top of the roasted bone. Pour in the wine and chicken broth. Cover with aluminum foil and return to the oven for 30 to 40 minutes. Baste periodically.nArrange the turkey breast and root vegetables on a serving platter. Heat the pan juices on the stovetop over medium flame. Scrape the roasting pan with a wooden spoon to loosen particles from bottom and sides. Mix the flour with 3 tablespoons water to create a slurry and whisk into the pan sauce. Reduce heat and simmer until thickened to sauce consistency, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve gravy alongside the turkey platter., ingredients: [1 4pound bonein whole turkey breast, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 turnips, halved, 2 rutabaga, halved, 2 parsnips, halved, 4 carrots, 2 onions, halved, 1 garlic bulb, 2 sprigs rosemary, 4 bay leaves, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 cup orange blossom honey, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup Chardonnay, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon flour], title: Seared Turkey Breast with Roasted Root Vegetables and Chardonnay Gravy, picturelink: null}, 17882: {instructions: Stir eggs until mixed together, add flour, salt and olive oil. With a dough hook, knead mix for about 15 to 20 minutes. Form into 6ounce balls and refrigerate for 12 hour. Flatten pasta dough, by running through pasta machine or by rolling, until about 14inch in thickness.nMix all ingredients together.nSpoon out 12ounce balls of mixture and place them on sheet of pasta, spaced evenly apart. Brush flattened pasta with egg yolk wash. Cover with a second sheet of pasta of the same size. Press top layer of pasta over balls of ravioli mix, making sure to get the air out. Cut with round cutter or knife to desired shape.nPlace finished ravioli into pot of boiling salted water, for about 1 minute. Remove from water. Place on plate, drizzle ravioli with olive oil, diced tomatoes and basil. Serve., ingredients: [6 eggs, 1 14 cups durum flour, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Egg wash, for brushing dough mix 1 egg yolk with 1 tablespoon water, 1 cup sheeps milk ricotta cheese, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 2 egg yolks, Pinch nutmeg, Pinch salt and pepper, Olive oil, tomatoes, basil], title: SHEEPS MILK RICOTTA AND PARMESAN CHEESE RAVIOLI, picturelink: null}, 17883: {instructions: 1. Cook Morningstar Farmsu00ae Grillers Primeu00ae Veggie Burger according to package directions. Immediately top with cheese. Let stand about 1 minute or until cheese melts.n2. Meanwhile, in small nonstick skillet heat oil. Add mushrooms and onion. Cook, stirring frequently, over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes or until tender.n3. Place lettuce leaf, tomato and veggie burger on bun bottom. Top with mushroom mixture and bun top.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [1 Grillers Primeu00ae Veggie Burgers, 1 slice Gruyere cheese or Swiss cheese, 12 teaspoon vegetable oil, 12 cup sliced fresh mushrooms, 1 thinsliced red onion, separated into rings, 1 lettuce leaf, 1 thinsliced tomato, 1 whole grain hamburger bun, split and toasted], title: Veggie Burger with Gruyere and Mushrooms, picturelink: 07hCnsKgi0RcEM3KnP8G5y6cQZ83diC}, 17884: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with liners. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk the melted butter, sugar, sour cream, eggs and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth. Add the flour mixture and whisk until smooth.nDivide the batter among the prepared muffin cups, filling each about twothirds of the way. Bake until the tops of the cupcakes are golden and spring back when gently pressed, 18 to 20 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes in the pan, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Combine the raspberries, 1 cup water and the sugar in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until reduced by half, about 15 minutes. Whisk the cornstarch, rosewater and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Add to the raspberries and continue to cook, stirring, until thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Strain the sauce through a finemesh sieve into a bowl, pressing on the solids with a rubber spatula. Let cool, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the frosting: Put the sugar and egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water. Whisk until the mixture is warm and the sugar dissolves, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the bowl to the stand mixer beat with the whisk attachment on mediumhigh speed until stiff glossy peaks form, 6 to 8 minutes. Switch to the paddle attachment. With the mixer on mediumhigh speed, beat in the butter a few pieces at a time, making sure the pieces are incorporated before adding more. Itu00bfs OK if the frosting looks curdledu00bfit will smooth out as you beat. Once all the butter is added, continue beating until the frosting is smooth, 1 to 2 more minutes. Add 3 to 4 tablespoons of the raspberry filling and the rosewater and beat until thick and smooth.nWith a paring knife, cut a 34inchdeep slit across the top of each cupcake, nearly edge to edge gently squeeze the sides of the cupcake so the slit opens. Spoon about 1 teaspoon of the raspberry filling into each cupcake. Let stand 5 minutes, then spoon the remaining filling into the cupcakes. Spread the frosting on the cupcakes. Sprinkle with coarse sugar.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups raspberries, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon water, 23 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon rosewater, 1 cup sugar, 3 large egg whites, 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 34 to 1 teaspoon rosewater, Coarse sugar, for decorating], title: RaspberryRose Cupcakes, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 17885: {instructions: Brush an 8by8by 2 12inch glass baking dish with the oil. Bring the water and kosher salt to a boil in a heavy, medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the polenta using a whisk to incorporate. Reduce the heat. Let simmer for about 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Add the cream, using a whisk to incorporate. Cook until the consistency is soft and thick, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the Parmesan cheese, using a whisk to incorporate. Pour the polenta into the prepared baking dish and spread evenly into the dish using a large spatula or the back of a large spoon. Refrigerate until chilled.nTo make the salsa: Mix the sundried tomatoes, basil, balsamic vinegar, garlic, and pepper together in a small bowl.nTo assemble: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Trim the edges of the polenta and cut into 36 squares. Top each square with 12 teaspoon of the salsa. Place on a foil or parchment paperlined baking sheet. Bake until slightly warm, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [Vegetable oil for coating the baking dish, 2 34 cups water, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup polenta, 13 cup heavy cream, 12 cup Parmesan cheese, 1 14 cups drained, julienned oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 34 teaspoon minced garlic, 18 teaspoon pepper], title: Polenta Sunrise, picturelink: null}, 17886: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Season pork chops liberally with salt and pepper. Heat oil in large skillet and brown pork chops on both sides. Remove chops to a baking dish, cover with foil and bake for 20 minutes. Add shallots to skillet and cook for 1 minute. Add white wine and simmer until it becomes syrupy. Add chicken stock and season with salt and pepper. Return to a simmer and finish with tablespoon of cold butter., ingredients: [4 pork chops 2 shallots, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil 12 cup white wine, Salt 12 cup chicken stock, Pepper 1 tablespoon cold butter], title: Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 17887: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 8by8inch glass baking dish with cooking spray.nIn a heavy saucepan, melt the butter. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the poblano rajas strips and saute for about 2 minutes. Let cool.nPut the artichoke hearts, cream cheese, mozzarella, sour cream and mayonnaise in a food processor and process until smooth. Add the onionpoblano mixture and pulse a couple times until combined, making sure to leave the mixture a little chunky. Season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish and bake until golden brown and melted, about 15 minutes.nServe with chicharrones or pita chips., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking dish, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup chopped onion, 3 poblano peppers, charred, peeled, deveined, seeded and cut into strips see Cooks Note, One 14ounce can artichoke hearts, drained, 4 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chicharrones pork cracklings or pita chips, for serving], title: Poblano Artichoke Dip, picturelink: q0w3QEh.hYYfgWIGRG5qUEkjraBbebO}, 17888: {instructions: Soak the raisins in warm water until plump, about 15 minutes. Drain and set aside.nMeanwhile, trim the cauliflower florets, cutting away as much stem as possible. In three batches, break up the florets into a food processor and pulse until the texture resembles that of couscous.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. At the first wisp of smoke from the oil, add the onions, and stir to coat. Continue cooking the onions, stirring frequently, until the edges are golden brown and the onions have softened, about 6 minutes. Add the almonds, raisins, capers, garlic, lemon zest and red pepper flakes, and cook, stirring, until the almonds are golden, about 3 minutes.nAdd the cauliflower to the skillet, and stir to combine. Add 1 teaspoon salt, and continue to cook, stirring frequently, until the cauliflower has softened, 3 to 5 minutes.nSpoon the cauliflower into a large serving bowl, garnish with parsley and season to taste with salt. Serve warm., ingredients: [14 cup golden raisins, 1 large head cauliflower, separated into 1inch florets, 14 cup olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 13 cup sliced skinon almonds or shelled pistachios, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 2 small cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Zest of 12 lemon, Pinch red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped], title: Healthy Sicilian Cauliflower Rice, picturelink: r6QaXn2OWzB0D7bHnEB9zr.KtcAJwm}, 17889: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason pork loin with garlic powder, salt and pepper. Heat grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. When the oil begins to shimmer, sear the pork on all sides. Transfer the meat to the oven, cover and let roast until fork tender and to an internal temperature of 162 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 40 minutes. In last 10 minutes of roasting time increase heat to 425 degrees F and remove cover. Remove from oven to let carryover cook to 170 degrees F. Slice after meat has rested., ingredients: [1 2 to 3pound pork loin, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil], title: Roast Pork Loin at Carving Station, picturelink: null}, 17890: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Use a 24 socket cupcake pan and line with paper liners. Set the pan aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder, baking soda and salt.nIn a large bowl of an electric stand mixer using a paddle attachment, combine the butter and both sugars, mixing until blended. Add the eggs and beat on low speed until all the ingredients are smooth and blended.nDecrease the speed of the mixer to slow and add half of the dry ingredients. Mix for 1 minute, scraping the sides of the bowl occasionally. Add the pumpkin puree to the batter, beating for 30 seconds, and then add the rest of the dry ingredients. Divide the batter evenly into the prepared cupcake liners and bake on the center rack until a cake tester inserted into the center of each cake comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool the cakes in the pans for 10 minutes. Remove from the pans and cool the cakes completely on wire racks, about 30 minutes.nFor the pumpkin cream cheese: Mix together the cream cheese and butter with the powdered sugar using a paddle attachment in an electric mixer. Once thoroughly combined, add the cinnamon and nutmeg. Once creamed together well, slowly add the pumpkin puree. Continue to mix until evenly distributed and fluffy.nFor the crunch topping: Melt the butter over medium heat in a small saucepan. Add the pecans and pepitas and continue to cook until the pepitas pop and are toasted. Sprinkle the brown sugar and salt over the topping and continue to cook until glazed. Add the ginger and toss until even.nTo assemble: Using a round tip and pastry bag, ice each cupcake with a thin layer of the pumpkin cream cheese. Roll into the pepita mixture, and ice with more of the pumpkin cream cheese, creating a swirl on top. Use shimmery blue and chocolate jimmies as a rollin topping, and garnish with 3 blue men heads on top., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces butter, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 4 eggs, 1 pound pumpkin puree, 12 ounces cream cheese, 8 ounces butter, 4 cups powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 13 cup pumpkin puree, 1 12 tablespoons butter, 23 cup pecans, chopped, 12 cup raw pepitas, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 tablespoons crystallized ginger, Shimmery blue and chocolate jimmies, for sprinkling], title: Pumpkin Pepitas Cupcakes, picturelink: Jab.CuZFnLYgurrK1F.en7ca6GXYElq}, 17891: {instructions: Cut the cold dough in pieces and reknead into a disc. On a floured table, press the disc, evening the circle as you go, until it is about 6 inches in diameter. Flour the surface of the dough and roll in into a circle measuring about 1 12 inches bigger than the 9inch tart mold. Flour as much as you need to prevent the dough from sticking. Brush off any excess flour, fold the dough in half and center it over the mold. Press along the bottom edge and side to even it. Press any excess dough from the bottom edge up the sides so that they are thicker. Cut off any excess dough with a rolling pin and press the sides up so it extends about 18inch above the rim. Dock the bottom with a fork and freeze.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees. Bake the frozen tart shell until the center barely begins to color, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool completely.nLower oven to 350 degrees. Combine the nuts and confectioners sugar in a food processor and process to a fine powder, about 30 seconds. In the bowl of a standing mixer, cream the butter and sugar until fluffy. Add the nut powder and mix thoroughly, scraping down the bowl once or twice. Add the egg in three parts, beating after each addition on medium high speed, until very light and fluffy. Add the almond and vanilla extracts. On low speed, mix in the flour just until incorporated.nSpread the jam on the bottom of the prebaked shell and then spread evenly with the frangipane. Slice the pears in half and core. Cut each half in very thin slices from blossom to stem, leaving them attached at the stem end. Cut off the end pieces and cut each half in quarters. Fan out each quarter and arrange the 6 fans in a circle over the frangipane, stems to the center. Be sure to leave some space between the fans so the filling can rise up around them. Brush the pears lightly with melted butter. Bake about 50 to 55 minutes, until the top is golden brown and crusty. If the rim is getting too dark, cover the edge with foil or pie guards. Cool in the mold on a rack remove the outer ring after 10 minutes. Slip a flexible metal palate knife between the tart and the metal bottom and slide off the tart. Cool completely on a rack before serving. Cut with a sharp serrated knife., ingredients: [12 recipe pate sable, chilled about 10 ounces, 23 cup toasted filberts, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 2 ounces 12 stick unsalted butter, soft, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 egg, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons flour, 3 tablespoons raspberry jam, 1 12 small bosc pears, unpeeled, 1 tablespoon butter, melted], title: Hazelnut Frangipane Pear Tart, picturelink: null}, 17892: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit Butterfly meat until about 2inches thick around. Season with garlic and fresh herbs and spices to your taste. From the narrow end, roll tightly toward the broad end. Place fat or skin over roll and tie to secure. Bake for 20 minutes per pound. For a crispier skin, roast at 400 degrees Fahrenheit for the first 20 minutes then reduce heat to 350 degrees until done. Slice and serve as you wish., ingredients: [1 pork shoulder, boneless, roast with skin, Garlic, herbs and spices, to taste], title: Porchetta, picturelink: null}, 17893: {instructions: Mix 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon each fennel seeds, poppy seeds and sesame seeds, and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Roll out an 11ounce package refrigerated breadstick dough into a 16by8inch rectangle. Cut into twelve 16inch strips and twist into breadsticks. Brush with the oil mixture. Place on 2 parchmentlined baking sheets and bake in a 400 degrees F oven until golden, about 12 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Crispy Breadsticks, picturelink: MZN.dXY7MXql2RiumqBgP6kzi6TEPG}, 17894: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Place bread on baking sheet and toast slightly for 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from oven and cool on wire rack.nSpread each slice of bread with caper butter. Cover with layer of smoked trout. Cut into squares or circles using cookie cutter and on each canape place a thin slice of cucumber and a sprig of dill.nCombine everything in a medium bowl and mix well with fork. Transfer to a sheet of parchment paper and roll into a log. Refrigerate or freeze until ready to use., ingredients: [6 very thin slices white sandwich bread w crusts removed, 4 ounces caper butter see recipe below, 14 lb smoked trout, 1 seedless cucumber, sliced in thin circles., 12 small caper berries, 4 Tbs. sweet butter, room temperature, 1 ounce cream cheese, 1 tsp lemon zest, 1 Tbs. fresh parsley, finely chopped, 1 Tbs. capers, minced, 12 tsp salt], title: Smoked Trout Canapes with Caper Butter, picturelink: null}, 17895: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nSeason tenderloin with salt and pepper on both sides. Place a large ovenproof skillet over high heat, melt the butter and sear tenderloin on all sides. Place in oven and cook to desired doneness or until an instantread thermometer inserted registers 125 degrees F for medium rare, about 30 to 40 minutes depending on the thickness of the tenderloin. Let the meat rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with the sauce.nMelt the butter and olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium high heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until soft. Add the rum and reduce to 14 cup. Add the stock, bring to a boil and reduce the heat. Whisk in the remaining ingredients and simmer until reduced to 2 cups., ingredients: [1 5pound beef tenderloin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 shallots, minced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 cup dark rum recommended: Meyerss, 5 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons ancho chili puree, 2 tablespoons molasses, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pan Roasted Filet Mignon with RumRed Chile Sauce, picturelink: EVXmuupANaa1ixK.eiXrdfrNLhvzGTC}, 17896: {instructions: With a mixer, combine the granulated sugar, butter, olive oil and lemon zest . Add the eggs, one at a time, and continue to beat for 1 minute.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt, and mix into the lemon mixture until a soft dough forms. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and refrigerate, 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F, and line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nDivide the dough into thirds. Cut each third in half, then repeat. You should have 12 small pieces of dough.nOn a surface lightly dusted with flour, roll each piece out into a 12inchthick log, then cut each into 3 pieces. Coil each piece into a small bun shape, bringing the end up over the top and pinching to seal. Dont worry if they look funny the glaze will cover any screwups. Repeat with all the pieces, then arrange on the prepared cookie sheets at least 3 inches apart.nBake in batches, rotating the pans halfway through, 18 to 20 minutes. Set aside to cool completely, about 20 minutes.nPlace the confectioners sugar in a small bowl and break up any large clumps with a whisk. Add the juice of 12 a lemon and whisk until a smooth glaze forms if the glaze is too thick, add a bit more lemon juice if it is too thin, add a bit more sugar.nDip the tops of each cookie into the glaze and allow the excess to drip back into the bowl. Place on a wire rack to dry, then store in an airtight container. Cookies will keep for 5 days at room temperature, or 3 weeks frozen., ingredients: [34 cup granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Zest and juice of 2 lemons, 3 large eggs, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for dusting, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup confectioners sugar, or more as needed], title: Anginetti, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 17897: {instructions: Parboil potatoes, celery and carrot until forktender. Drain and season with salt and pepper. Layer vegetables and oysters in baking pan. Dot top with butter pour heated milk over. Cover with pastry. Paint with egg wash. Make a few small slashes in the pastry for the steam to escape. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 35 minutes or until crust is golden brown.nCombine flour and butter with a pastry cutter, in a food processor, or by rubbing together with your fingers. Add shortening, and salt. Continue to combine adding 14 cup cold water. Gather into a ball and flatten into an 8inch disc. Refrigerate 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 potatoes, diced, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 carrot, sliced optional, Salt and pepper, 1 pint oysters, Butter, 12 cup milk, heated, 1 recipe pastry, recipe follows, Egg wash, 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water, 1 12 cups instant flour, 14 cup chilled unsalted butter, 14 cup chilled solid vegetable shortening, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup cold water], title: Oyster Pie, picturelink: 9iuPwyDRjYZ1XEusdfLYv5iMeH5UDZm}, 17898: {instructions: For the garlic mixture: Place the oil and garlic in a shallow frying pan. Mix until combined and the oil just covers the garlic, adding more oil as necessary. Cook over medium heat until the oil begins to bubble and the garlic turns golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Immediately remove from the heat and drain off the oil. Set the garlic aside and let cool.nFor the BBQ marinade: Combine the pear puree, sugar, soy sauce, oyster sauce, rice wine, pepper, schichimi togarashi and 5spice powder in a 2quart saucepan and mix thoroughly with a whisk. Cook over high heat until the mixture comes to a boil. Add the prepared garlic mixture, lower the heat and simmer until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the onion and scallion. Let cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, remove any excess fat and sinew from the ribs. Cut into 12inch cubes and transfer to a 4quart container.nSlowly pour the cooled BBQ marinade over the ribs and mix until thoroughly coated. Marinate the ribs in the refrigerator at least 8 hours.nDrain the ribs and onion of excess BBQ marinade through a sieve or strainer. Heat the oil in a frying pan over high heat, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the ribs and onion and cook, mixing often to prevent burning, until caramelized and cooked to desired doneness, 2 to 3 minutes for mediumrare, 3 to 5 minutes for medium. Serve on rice, bread or salad., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more if needed, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup Asian pear puree preferably from Korean Shingo pears, 14 teaspoon shichimi togarashi Japanese 7spice powder, Pinch 5spice powder, 2 heaping tablespoons Chinese yellow rock sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, 1 inch scallion, sliced, 2 pounds uncut boneless short ribs, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: 7Spice Garlic BBQ Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 17899: {instructions: Put the pot to boil with the water, salt and sliced ginger, covered with a lid. Arrange beef slices at the side of 4 individual plates. Pat scallops dry, discard crescentshaped membrane and add to the plates. Cut bean curd in large cubes and add also to the plates. Discard stems from spinach and pile on plates. If using watercress, rinse the bunches, shake dry and twist off the stems. Pile leaves on the plates. Trim bok choy, cut in 1 inch slices and pile also on the plates. Trim and add the scallions. Chop the coriander and put in a small bowl to be added to the firepot with the rice noodles.nFor the sauce: stir together the sesame paste, soy sauce, chili paste and vinegar and adjust proportions to your taste. Put in 4 individual bowls. Transfer the pot to the table burner. Set plates of meat and vegetables at each place, with chopsticks and a bowl of sauce.nTowards the end of the meal, add rice noodles and coriander to the pot and simmer 1 minute until just tender. If your firepot loses too much heat during the meal, add all the remaining ingredients and return the pot to the stove to finish cooking., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 1 tablespoon salt, Walnutsized piece of ginger, 1 pound raw beef fillet, cut in very thin slices, 14 pound sea scallops, 14 pound soft bean curd, 12 pound washed baby spinach or 1 large bunch watercress, Small head of bok choy about 34 pound, 4 scallions, Small bunch fresh coriander cilantro, 1 12 ounce medium rice noodles, 12 cup sesame paste tahini, 2 teaspoons dark soy sauce, 2 teaspoons red chili paste or a few drops Tabasco, 4 teaspoons rice vinegar or red wine vinegar, 14 cup water], title: Fifteen Minute Fire Pot, picturelink: null}, 17900: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nWhisk together eggs, milk, sugar, salt, and vanilla extract. In a separate bowl whisk together flour and baking powder until blended. Dump the dry ingredients into the wet and whisk until homogenous. Let stand at least 10 minutes.nHeat an 8 or 10inch cast iron skillet in the oven with the butter.nPour the batter into the cast iron pan and bake until the pancake is golden brown, puffed up and set in the center, about 15 minutes.nTo make the mixed berry syrup: Heat the berries in a small saucepan with the maple syrup until mixture thickens, but you can still see the berries. Serve warm over a wedge of pancake, dusted with powdered sugar., ingredients: [3 eggs, 1 cup milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound bag frozen mixed berries, 13 cup pure maple syrup, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: German Fruit Pancake with Mixed Berry SyrupSt. Louis, picturelink: hMKFSDxvn4TVYBZ51IOSOujYi1d2FTG}, 17901: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt together in a bowl.nIn another bowl, whip the butter and the sugar with a handheld mixer until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla until just combined. Slowly beat in the dry ingredients in 2 additions, mixing just until incorporated.nScoop the dough into 1inch balls with a cookie or ice cream scoop and roll in sugar. Place about 2inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Press a thumbprint into the center of each ball, about 12inch deep. Fill each indentation with about 34 teaspoon jam.nBake cookies until the edges are golden, about 15 minutes. For even color, rotate the pans from top to bottom about halfway through baking. Cool cookies on the baking sheets. Serve.nStore cookies in a tightly sealed container for up to 5 days., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup unsalted butter 1 12 sticks, softened, 23 cup sugar, plus more for rolling, 1 large egg, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped from pod, or 18 teaspoon vanilla bean paste or 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 13 cup raspberry, cherry or strawberry jam], title: Butter and Jam Thumbprints, picturelink: lghrUo.QT9WzA6KPfIOe4cT6lGNjvgS}, 17902: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly butter a 2 to 3quart glass or ceramic baking dish.nIn a dry saute pan set over medium heat, toast the walnuts until lightly golden brown, about 5 minutes cool and chop.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking up any clumps with a wooden spoon, until brown, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and add the celery, onion and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 8 minutes. Stir in the cranberries and cook to just slightly plump them, about 1 minute, and then remove from the heat.nIn a large mixing bowl, add the stuffing mix, sage, thyme and walnuts. Mix together the stock and egg in a large measuring cup, then add it to the mixing bowl along with the sausagevegetable mixture. Add 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper and stir gently to combine thoroughly.nTransfer the stuffing mixture to the baking dish and bake until hot and golden brown on top, 30 to 40 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 1 12 cups walnuts, 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup dried cranberries, One 14ounce package cornbread stuffing mix, such as Pepperidge Farm, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 cups turkey or chicken stock, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: CranberryWalnut Stuffing, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 17903: {instructions: This is a family recipe that my mother learned from her SwissGerman mother in Milwaukee. Everyone who eats it never wants that boring old bread stuffing again. It contains smoked oysters from those cute little flat tins, pork sausage, ground beef, mushrooms, celery, onion, apples, raisins, pecans and some seasoned breadcrumbs, garlic salt and pepper to taste. Its Sauteed together till cooked and mixed. Then you let it cool and stuff it into the bird so it absorbs all the wonderful turkey juice. It comes out very moist and delicious.nIn a little saute pan you take a few 45 smoked oysters and brown in butter, then mash up really well with a fork.nIn a large dutch oven, brown 13 sausage to 23 parts ground beef probably 2 123lb burger and a roll of sausage.nAdd 2 cups each onion, celery, mushrooms and stir well.nSeason meat with garlic salt and pepper to taste.nToss in the mashed oysters, 1 or 2 large apples, cored and diced you can leave on the peel, and a healthy handful of raisins and a cup of chopped pecans.nWhen this is all thoroughly cooked and well mixed, put in about 1 cup of seasoned bread crumbs and stir well. The crumbs should absorb most of the juice. If not, you can add a bit more until it all sticks together nicely.nNibble a spoonful or two to judge taste and season if needed. We always knew it was perfect when my father wouldnt put his spoon down after sampling, until mother took it away from him and chased him outta the kitchen.nSet aside to cool. Outside is great if its cold enough, with a lid on to keep out varmits lurking on the back porch. After it has cooled enough to handle, stuff into both cavities of the bird, the inside front first. Really pack it in. I use my hands for this. Put the balance into the neck cavity, pulling the skin to cover and fasten the skin securely.nIf you cant get it all in the bird, put in a little pie pan, cover with foil and let cook in the oven. Add to what comes out of the bird after cooking. Butter the bird and season with salt and pepper. We cook ours in a cooking bag so we dont loose any juice follow the directions for cooking bag. After the bird is cooked and browned, let it rest appropriate amount of time. Spoon out dressing into serving dish. Garnish with a bit or two of fresh parsley. Wonderful with gravy over the top. Makes excellent leftovers if it isnt all eaten up at dinner. Its also great cold when raiding the fridge in middle of night., ingredients: [], title: Margies German Meat Dressing, picturelink: null}, 17904: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan and saute onion and garlic until the onion begins to turn translucent. Add rice and stir to coat with oil, onions and garlic, and let rice toast lightly. Stir in chicken stock and poultry seasoning and bring to a boil. Then reduce heat and simmer covered until all liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and flake rice., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 cups white rice, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning], title: Rice Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 17905: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Slice 6 of the tortillas into 1inch strips, and then arrange them on a baking sheet in a single layer and spray with cooking spray. Bake until deeply golden, season with salt and reserve.nHeat the corn oil in a soup pot or large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Chop the remaining 6 tortillas into 1 to 1 12inch squares, and then stir into the pot 1 minute. Add the chili powder, cumin, garlic, bay leaves, onions and cilantro, sprinkle with some salt and pepper and stir to toast the spices. Cook until the onions are translucent, 12 to 15 minutes.nPour in the stock with the tomatoes and chiles and bring to a boil. Add the chicken, reduce the heat a bit and simmer to cook through, 15 minutes. Remove the chicken, slice or chop the breasts, and then return to the soup. Remove the bay leaves before serving.nTo serve, dice the avocados and cut the limes into wedges. Place some avocado at the bottom of each soup bowl and douse with a healthy squeeze of lime juice before filling the bowls with soup. At the table, top the soup with the baked tortilla strips, jalapenos, red onions, queso fresco and sour cream., ingredients: [12 corn tortillas, Allnatural vegetable or olive oil cooking spray, Kosher salt, 3 to 4 tablespoons corn oil, 2 tablespoons mild to mediumheat chili powder, such as ancho or a blend a couple of scant palmfuls, 1 tablespoon ground cumin about a palmful, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 large onion, chopped, Handful fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart chicken stock, One 14ounce can diced tomatoes with green chiles or 1 can diced tomatoes mixed with one 4ounce can chopped green chiles, 4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 ripe avocados, 2 limes, 2 large jalapeno peppers, seeded and chopped, for serving, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, for serving, Queso fresco, crumbled, for serving, Sour cream, for serving], title: Jane Foxs Famous Tortilla Soup, picturelink: IKM2oAq4vfb.NiomG2aBiItATC2rFSq}, 17906: {instructions: Add the jenever, lime juice, creme de violette and orange liqueur to a shaker filled with ice. Shake, strain and serve., ingredients: [2 ounces jenever or gin, 1 ounce lime juice, 2 dashes creme de violette, 2 dashes Italian orange liqueur, such as Aperol, Ice], title: Dutch Timidity, picturelink: wZWK.OlGRBpmkMyYhZ9Xm9ix0k0nTm}, 17907: {instructions: For the green chile pork: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the tomatillos, onion, garlic and chiles with a few tablespoons of oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast until slightly charred and soft, about 40 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a food processor, add the lime juice and cilantro and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nReduce the heat of the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a few tablespoons of oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat until the oil begins to shimmer. Season the pork with salt and pepper and cook the meat in batches until golden brown on all sides, transferring to a plate as done. Remove any excess oil, then return the pork to the Dutch oven, add the tomatillo sauce and pork to the Dutch oven and toss to coat.nAdd enough chicken stock to cover the pork, and cook until fork tender, about 1 12 hours.nAllow the pork to cool slightly, then shred with two forks. Heat some of the cooking liquid in a large saute pan, add the shredded pork and cook for a few minutes. Taste, and add honey if desired.nFor the green rice: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the onion and cook until soft. Stir in the rice. Add 2 cups of water, season with salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook until tender, about 18 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the cilantro and spinach, cover and let sit for 5 minutes.nFor the guacamole: Combine the avocados, onion, lime juice, jalapeno and cilantro in a bowl. Use a fork to mash to a chunky mix. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the white beans with onion vinaigrette: Combine the beans, onion and garlic in a large saucepan, cover with water and cook until just tender, about 1 hour. Drain and discard the onion and garlic.nCombine the green onions, vinegar, a splash of water and salt and pepper to taste in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil to create an emulsified vinaigrette.nCombine the beans and green onion vinaigrette in bowl.nTo assemble: Spoon some green rice on each tortilla, add some white beans with green onion vinaigrette, some green chile pork and top with guacamole. Garnish with Cotija cheese, queso fresco, hot sauce and cilantro. Fold the edges of each tortilla into the center and roll them up tightly., ingredients: [6 to 8 tomatillos, husked and washed, 1 large red onion, coarsely chopped, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 serrano chiles, seeded and coarsely chopped, Canola oil, for tossing and browning, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 limes, juiced about 14 cup, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 4 pounds pork shoulder, cut into 2inch pieces, 4 cups chicken stock, or enough to cover, Honey, for sweetening, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced, 1 cup longgrain rice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 2 cups thinly sliced flat leaf spinach, 2 ripe avocados, peeled and pitted, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, Juice of 1 large lime, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound dried white beans, picked over, 1 small onion, halved, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 cup chopped green onions, 14 cup rice vinegar, 12 cup canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 to 8 large flour tortillas, Cotija cheese, grated, Queso fresco, crumbled, Jalapeno hot sauce, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Green Chile Pork Burritos with Green, Green, Green..., picturelink: null}, 17908: {instructions: Bring 1 quart of water to a boil over medium heat. Put the tea bag in the water, then turn off the heat and let the tea steep until cooled. Mix 12 cup simple syrup with the tea and add it to a mason jar or other type of jar. Saute the carambola fruit in a pan with the sugar on a side burner of the grill. When the fruit has caramelized remove it and add it to the jar with the tea. Pour over ice and use 1 piece of fruit for each glass as a garnish., ingredients: [1 quart water, 1 familysized tea bag, 12 cup simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water heated until the sugar dissolves cool, 6 slices carambola also referred to as star fruit, 3 tablespoons sugar, Ice], title: Star Tea, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 17909: {instructions: Remove the turkey from the roasting pan, cover loosely with foil and set aside to rest.nPlace the pan over medium heat and add the broth and wine at the same time. Whisk to combine and deglaze the bottom of the pan. Once all of the bits have come off the bottom of the pan, cook in order to reduce slightly, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the liquid to a fat separator and allow to sit for 5 minutes to allow fat to separate. Return the fat to the roasting pan and place over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour and whisk to combine. Cook, whisking continuously until the mixture starts to thicken and become smooth, approximately 2 to 3 minutes. Once this happens gradually add the liquid back to the pan and whisk until smooth and you have reached your desired consistency, approximately 5 to 6 minutes. Add the herbs and whisk to combine. Remember, your gravy should be slightly thin in the pan as it will thicken once you serve it., ingredients: [1 Good Eats Roast Turkey, 24 ounces reducedsodium chicken broth this is in addition to the pan drippings, 8 ounces red wine, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs, oregano, thyme or rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Gravy, picturelink: null}, 17910: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 wooden skewersnChoose a pot with a tightfitting lid that is large enough to fit the lobsters comfortably with enough room for the steam to circulate around them. Wrap the lid tightly with a kitchen towel. Place a steamer basket or an upturned colander in the pot, and pour in cold water to a depth of about 2 inches. Cover and bring to a boil.nMeanwhile, put the lobsters on a cutting board. Place the tip of a large, heavy knife at the cross marks on the back of a lobsters head. In one quick motion cut down through the head to the cutting board. Repeat with the remaining lobsters.nTo keep the tails straight and ensure even cooking, slip a thin wooden skewer through the length of the lobsters tails.nWhen the water is boiling, quickly add the lobsters to the pot and cover. Steam the lobsters, shaking the pot occasionally, until cooked through, about 8 minutes for 34 to 1 pound lobsters, about 10 minutes for 1 to 1 14 pound lobsters, and about 11 minutes for 1 12 to 2 pound lobsters.nRemove the lobsters from the pot and, if you are serving them whole, set them aside for several minutes to rest. Using the back of the heavy knife or a mallet crack the claws. Transfer the lobsters to plates and serve with drawn butter and lobster claw crackers.nTo remove all the meat from the lobster: Transfer the lobster to a colander in the sink and rinse under cold running water to stop the cooking. Using your hands, twist the claws, knuckles, and tails off of the lobsters. Reserve the bodies for making broth.nOn a work surface, rest the tails on their sides and, using the palm of your hand, press down on them to crack the shells. Holding a tail with both hands, with the belly facing you, break the tail shell back and pop out the meat. Repeat with the remaining tails. If you have female lobsters the swimmerets at top of the tail are soft and have hairlike wisps protruding from them, you may want to prepare coral butter, recipe follows with the roe. The roe are the dark green eggs located in the body and the top of the tail. Carefully cut open the top of the tail and the body and remove the roe.nGrab the thumb of a lobster claw and move it back and forth. Try to wiggle the shell off of the meat while pulling out the internal piece of cartilage, leaving the meat attached to the claw this is a tricky maneuver, if it doesnt work you should be able to shake the meat out. Place the claw horizontally upright with the curve of the claw facing up. Using the heavy part of the blade of the knife, with a short and swift motion, crack the back end of the claw. Drop the claw to its side and, with the back of the knife, crack the side of the back of the claw. Remove the cracked back end of the claw and wiggle the meat out from the shell. Repeat with the remaining claws.nPlace the knuckles on the work surface and cover with a kitchen towel. Using the back of the knife, crack the knuckles. Using your hands, remove the shell from the knuckles and carefully pick out the meat. You may also use kitchen shears to cut open the knuckles and remove the meat.nPlace the butter in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil for 1 minute.nSet the saucepan aside and let the butter settle, undisturbed. The milk solids will come to the top of the butter and the watery whey will collect on the bottom. Skim off the milk solids with a spoon and pour the drawn butter into a serving bowl or several small ramekins, taking care not include the watery liquid in the bottom of the pan. Serve.nYield: about 1 cupnPlace the butter in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil for 1 minute.nSet the saucepan aside and let the butter settle, undisturbed. The milk solids will come to the top of the butter and the watery whey will collect on the bottom. Skim off the milk solids with a spoon and pour the drawn butter into a small bowl. Wipe out the sauce and return the drawn butter to it.nPlace the roe in a medium bowl and whisk lightly to break it up. Heat the butter over medium heat until just hot. Gradually pour the warmed butter over the roe, while whisking, until the eggs turn bright red. Serve with lobster or other shellfish.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [4 live lobsters, 34 to 2 pounds, Drawn Butter, recipe follows, Coral Butter, recipe follows, 12 pound unsalted butter, 12 pound unsalted butter, 1 to 4 tablespoons lobster roe eggs, also called coral, preferably uncooked], title: Steamed Lobsters, picturelink: null}, 17911: {instructions: Add the cream, chocolate candies, chocolatecaramel candies, peanut butter cups and 18 of the mini chocolate bars to a slow cooker. Turn it on high, cover and cook for 30 minutes. Whisk the mixture until smooth.nIf the fondue is too thin, add a few more chocolate bars if it is too thick, pour in up to 14 cup more heavy cream. Cover and cook until completely melted and smooth, another 10 minutes. Lower the slow cooker to warm.nServe the fondue with skewered apples, bananas, pound cake and marshmallows for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, plus more as needed, 28 chocolate candies, such as Hersheys Kisses, 12 chocolatecaramel candies, 12 mini peanut butter cups, 18 to 25 mini chocolate bars, Serving suggestions: apple slices, 2inch banana chunks, pound cake cubes and marshmallows], title: Halloween Candy Fondue, picturelink: XC8MjZYr0X.VsV.DbQWL6pbATm9Yd8.}, 17912: {instructions: 1 Cook quinoa according to package directions. Cool to room temperature.n2 Whisk lime juice, olive oil, honey, ginger, salt and pepper in a large bowl.n3 Add quinoa, edamame and Almond Accents. Let stand 15 minutes for flavors to blend. Keeps refrigerated 12 days., ingredients: [3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 cup quinoa, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons honey, 112 teaspoons grated or finely minced ginger, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup shelled edamame beans thawed if frozen, 1 package 3.5 oz. Wonderful Almond Accents Sweet Roasted with Pomegranate], title: Quinoa Salad with Edamame and POM, picturelink: H.v3Fxy0oCF1sFCQ82fVfg5OQYJp6W}, 17913: {instructions: In a large skillet heat 1 tablespoon oil over medium high heat. Stir in corn, mushrooms, scallions, and bell pepper. Cook for 34 minutes. Add garlic, cumin and cayenne and cook for 30 seconds. Remove from heat and stir in spinach. Add carrot and potato and stir to combine. Add egg white and season with salt and pepper. Stir in enough bread crumbs so that the mixture holds together. Shape mixture into 6 disks and place on a plate. Chill for 1 hour.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in nonstick skillet and cook veggie burgers until golden on each side. In a small bowl mix together yogurt and mint, ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 34 cup fresh corn kernels or frozen, thawed, 6 mushrooms, finely chopped, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 12 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon cumin, Dash cayenne pepper, 12 cup chopped fresh spinach, 1 carrot, peeled and grated, 1 small potato, peeled and grated, 1 egg white, Salt and pepper, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint], title: Veggie Burger, picturelink: null}, 17914: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nBreak up the eggs with a whisk. Beat in sugar in a stream and add orange flower water. Beat by hand several minutes until frothy. Sift flour and fold in flour alternately with cooled, melted butter.nButter and flour Madeleine pans and fill 23 full with batter. Bake about 10 minutes. Unmold the Madeleines immediately and when cool, dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [2 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon orange flower water or orange extract, 1 cup cake flour, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled], title: Madeleines, picturelink: null}, 17915: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over mediumlow heat.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the 3 tablespoons butter, jalapeno and seafood seasoning. Cook until the jalapeno begins to soften, about 3 minutes. Next, add the flour and stir to combine and make a blond roux, about 3 minutes. Add the milk and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the Gruyere and mozzarella and turn the heat to low. Cook for 2 minutes, and then cover to keep warm.nPlace the ham on the grill and cook until well marked and warmed, about 2 minutes per side.nSpread 1 tablespoon softened butter on one side of the bread slices and place on the grill, about 2 minutes. Spread the remaining 1 tablespoon softened butter on the other side and flip, cooking about 2 minutes more. Evenly divide the cheese sauce on 4 slices bread and top with 1 slice ham. Place the remaining 4 bread slices on top to create a sandwich., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons softened, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely diced, 12 teaspoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups shredded Gruyere, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 4 12inch thick slices good quality maple baked ham, 8 thickcut slices hearty white bread], title: Croque Big Daddy, picturelink: UCTcv1O7WHsj169d3ymTJa4I9MHuQEy}, 17916: {instructions: In a sauce pot, add the whiskey and carefully flambe. When the flames have died down, add the syrup. Reduce by a 13 and reserve. In a bowl, combine the papaya, figs, 1 tablespoon of the powdered sugar, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Egg wash the edges of 12 the wonton skin, and place a 14 size dollop of the papaya combo in the center and fold the wonton. Repeat for each wonton.nPreheat a deep fryer or a large pot halfway filled with oil to 360 degrees F.nFry the wontons for 1 to 1 12 minutes or until skin is brown and bubbly. Remove and toss with 1 tablespoon of powered sugar. To plate, place in a bowl with the sauce in the center as focus. Fan the wontons and dust with remaining powdered sugar., ingredients: [2 ounces Jack Daniels, 6 ounces maple syrup, 1 papaya, small dice, 8 figs, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons powdered sugar, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, beaten, for egg wash, 12 wonton skins], title: Papaya and Mission Fig Wontons with Jack Daniels Maple Glaze, picturelink: null}, 17917: {instructions: Heat a nonstick griddle or nonstick skillet over moderate heat.nIn a small saucepan, melt butter and transfer to a small mixing bowl. Wipe out pan and return to heat with 1 12 cups water. Bring water to a boil over high heat. Add cornmeal to a large mixing bowl add the hot water, stir to combine. Beat eggs, milk, and sugar with melted butter and stir this mixture into cornmeal. Sprinkle a little salt into bowl. Add 1 cup allpurpose flour into a strainer or a sifter. Knock strainer to add flour into corn cake mix. Add sage to batter and stir to combine.nWipe a pat of butter, nestled in paper toweling, across the griddle pan to grease it. Place small ladles of corn cake batter onto griddle or skillet: make cakes 3inches wide and allow a bit of space between them in the pan. Nest a few walnut bits into wet batter as the cakes begin to cook. Cook cakes 2 to 3 minutes on each side, until golden brown. Serve cakes with softened butter and honey for drizzling. YUMMY, ingredients: [2 ounces 12 stick butter, 1 12 cups water, 1 cup cornmeal, 2 large eggs, 12 cup milk, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon 13 palmful salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons slivered fresh sage from 4 sprigs, 2 ounces walnut halves or pieces, a couple of handfuls from the bulk bins in market will due, Butter and honey, for topping your cakes], title: Corn Cakes with Walnuts and Sage, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 17918: {instructions: Slice a banana into 18inchthick rounds and lay on a greased baking sheet. Bake at 200 degrees F until golden, 2 to 3 hours. Let harden at room temperature., ingredients: [], title: Banana Chips, picturelink: yYMNr7wH6zdvyqDuBqkehVyxamkiVay}, 17919: {instructions: Put the mayonnaise, pickles, capers, vinegar, mustard, chipotle and some salt and pepper in a food processor and process until smooth. Reserve for serving., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped pickles or cornichons, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon grain mustard, 1 teaspoon chipotle powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chipotle Tartar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17920: {instructions: Heat the oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until lightly browned. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until soft, about 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes, capers, almonds, basil, thyme, and sugar and season with salt and pepper. Simmer for 10 minutes. The sauce can be prepared 1 day ahead.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the almondtomato sauce in the bottom of an ovenproof casserole dish. Lightly brush wolf fish with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the wolf fish on top of the sauce in the center of the casserole dish, and arrange the clams around the outer edge. Bake uncovered until the wolf fish is cooked through and the clams have opened, about 15 to 20 minutes. Serve with smashed potatoes., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, plus more for brushing the wolf fish, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Pinch hot pepper flakes, 1 cup sliced Spanish onion, 12 canned whole, peeled tomatoes, seeded and roughly chopped, 12 cup capers, 12 cup skinned, whole almonds, roughly chopped, 12 cup sliced basil, 1 teaspoon chopped thyme, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 6ounce centercut wolf fish fillets, 12 littleneck clams, Serving Suggestion: Smashed potatoes], title: Wolf fish and Littleneck Clams in AlmondTomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17921: {instructions: Halve the eggs lengthwise and pop the yolks from the whites. Set the whites aside, rounded side up on a plate. Mix the yolks with the mayonnaise and Worcestershire sauce in a medium bowl until the mixture is smooth and light. Add the celery, pickle, parsley, and season with the salt and hot sauce.nSpoon the yolk mixture back into the whites and sprinkle with paprika. Serve now or cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [6 hardcooked large eggs, peeled, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 18 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons minced celery, 1 tablespoon minced dill pickle, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, Dash of hot sauce, Paprika], title: Picnic Deviled Eggs, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 17922: {instructions: Add salami to hot omelette pan. When salami has rendered some fat, add eggs and scramble to desired doneness., ingredients: [2 eggs, beaten, 2 slices salami], title: Salami and Eggs, picturelink: null}, 17923: {instructions: For Potatoes: Place potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce to a simmer and cook until fork tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Drain potatoes and put them into a large mixing bowl. With a handheld mixer on low speed, break up potatoes. Add the goat cheese, butter, and 12 cup of evaporated milk and whip potatoes on medium speed. Add additional milk until desired consistency is reached. Season with salt and white pepper to taste.nFor Gravy: In a medium saucepan over high heat, bring the beef broth, Worcestershire sauce, and coffee to a boil. Reduce to a simmer. In a small bowl, dissolve the cornstarch in the water and add to broth mixture. Cook until the gravy has thickened to the consistency of cream. Whisk in butter 1 chunk at a time. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 pounds white russet potatoes, peeled and quartered, 4 ounces goat cheese, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup evaporated milk, plus more as needed, Salt and white pepper, to taste, 1 15ounce can beef broth, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon instant coffee, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons butter, cut into large chunks, Salt and pepper], title: Goat Cheese Mashed Potatoes with Beef Coffee Gravy, picturelink: null}, 17924: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray.nCut the wonton wrappers in half on the diagonal so you wind up with 20 triangles. In a medium sized bowl, toss the triangles gently with the canola oil, separating the pieces gently so each piece is coated with oil.nPlace the triangles onto the baking sheet in a single layer. Bake for about 10 minutes, until they are golden brown and crisped.nDust with confectioners sugar, and serve. Crisps will keep up to 4 days in an airtight container., ingredients: [Cooking Spray, 10 wonton wrappers, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon confectioners sugar], title: Powdered Sugar Crisps, picturelink: MwkK6jb3Of.TRIFbFvJessk1dL3Tiy}, 17925: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Season the skin side of the filet with the salt and pepper. Heat the oil in an ovenproof saute pan to medium high. When the oil is hot, add the fish, skin side down, and saute for one minute until a slight crust forms and the filet isnt sticking to the pan. Place the saute pan in the hot oven for 6 to 8 minutes until the flesh is firm and cooked through. Remove the saute pan from the oven and place it on the stove over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter, garlic, shallot, rosemary and thyme and baste the fish with the sauce. Remove the filet to a paper towel. Place a dollop of Preserved Lemon Dressing on a plate and place 3 to 4 Grilled Carrots on top of the dressing. Arrange the filet to the side of the carrots and garnish with the dill.nPlace the ingredients in a blender and blitz until the sauce is smooth and creamy. Cooks Note: To make homemade preserved lemons, submerge 6 Meyer lemons, quartered, in a quart of salt and a quart of sugar and water for 30 days.nPeel the baby carrots and place them in a bowl. Add the salt, pepper and olive oil and toss together. Arrange the carrots on a baking sheet set over a sheet pan and broil them under a preheated salamander on high for 4 minutes, turning it down to low for a further 4 minutes. They are done when they are fork tender with a slight bite and have a nice roasted color., ingredients: [8 ounce filet of bass, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 cup vegetable or canola oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 to 3 cloves of garlic, chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, Branch fresh rosemary, Sprig fresh thyme, Preserved Lemon Dressing, for serving, recipe follows, Grilled Carrots, for serving, recipe follows, Fresh dill for garnish, 1 preserved lemon, storebought or homemade, cut in quarters see note, 1 pint of mayonnaise, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 6 to 8 baby carrots, 34 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, Drizzle olive oil], title: Striped Bass and Preserved Lemon Dressing with Grilled Carrots, picturelink: tKcqYZxfESSNlidG1jcksiB1xfWR6}, 17926: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the bottom position of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 9inch square baking dish with foil, leaving an overhang on all sides. Coat the foil with cooking spray.nFor the peanut butter cookie layer: Beat the peanut butter, sugar and salt in a medium bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh until smooth. Beat the eggs in one at a time and then the vanilla. Adjust the speed to mediumlow, add the flour and beat until incorporated. Press the batter into an even layer in the bottom of the prepared baking dish set aside.nFor the brownie layer: Combine the flour, cocoa powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside. Melt the butter and chopped chocolate in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until smooth, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat let cool slightly, then stir in the sugar. Mix in the eggs until combined. Stir in the flour mixture and then the chocolate chips until just combined. Pour the brownie batter over the peanut butter layer.nFor the macaroon layer: Whisk the egg whites in a large bowl until frothy. Toss the coconut, sugar, vanilla and salt together with your hands in another large bowl add the egg whites, and stir until the coconut mixture is coated. Scatter the coconut mixture in an even layer on top of the brownie layer there shouldnt be any brownie peeking through.nBake until the center doesnt jiggle when the pan is shaken and the coconut is golden brown, 1 hour 10 minutes to 1 hour 20 minutes. A knife inserted in the middle will still come out wet, because the brownie layer is super fudgy. The jiggle cue is the key to determining doneness.nTransfer the pan to a rack, and let the bar mixture cool completely, preferably overnight. Lift it out of the pan, and peel off the foil. Trim the bar mixture to make neat edges, and cut into very small squares, about the size of fudge., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 cups smooth peanut butter, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Brownie Layer:, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, Macaroon Layer:, 3 large egg whites, One 14ounce bag sweetened, shredded coconut, 14 cup sugar], title: Peanut ButterBrownieCoconut Layered Bars, picturelink: xUPbM5TgTNX9AL2NpqEhwDb0cQYDsQm}, 17927: {instructions: To make this recipe, you can use either boxed organic coconut milk or make it fresh yourself. To make fresh coconut milk, blend the water and meat from 4 young Thai coconuts in a highspeed blender for 30 seconds. Add the dates, ice, almond butter, maca powder, vanilla powder, cistanche herb, mesquite powder, cinnamon, cloves, and sea salt. Blend at high speed for another 30 seconds. Garnish with the cinnamon stick., ingredients: [4 cups coconut milk or 4 Thai coconuts, 1 cup dates, pitted, 1 cup filtered ice, 4 tablespoons almond butter, 4 tablespoons maca powder, 3 teaspoons ground vanilla powder, 2 teaspoons cistanche herb, 2 teaspoons mesquite powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, Few pinches sea salt, 1 cinnamon stick, for garnish], title: Maca Malt Milkshake, picturelink: null}, 17928: {instructions: Add Baileys Irish Cream, Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, and Godiva Chocolate LiqueurnShake and serve over ice or blend with ice, ingredients: [2 oz. Baileys Irish Cream, .25 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, .25 oz. Godiva Chocolate Liqueur], title: Baileys Mudslide, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 17929: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a blender. Puree until well combined and smooth. Serve in a tall old fashion glass, and garnish with a sprig of basil., ingredients: [2 grapefruits, peeled and white pith removed, 2 oranges, peeled and white pith removed, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh basil, 2 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed limejuice, 2 cups crushed ice, 4 ounces nonfat yogurt], title: Chilled Citrus Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 17930: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the egg whites, sherry, sesame oil, and cornstarch, and whisk until thickened. Add the chicken, toss lightly to coat, cover, and refrigerate 3 to 4 hours, or overnight.nDrain the mushrooms, remove and discard the stems, and cut into strips. Set aside with the peas.nIn a large pot, combine the soup base ingredients and heat until mixture boils. Add the chicken, mushrooms, and peas. Bring back to a boil and cook about 3 minutes, stirring to separate the chicken pieces, and skimming the surface to remove any impurities.nMeanwhile, dissolve the cornstarch in the water. Add to the soup, stirring constantly, and cook until soup thickens and turns glossy, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat, and taste for seasoning. Slowly add the beaten egg to the soup in a thin stream around the edge, stirring once or twice so that the cooked egg forms long threads. Serve warm in individual bowls, and garnish with scallions., ingredients: [2 large egg whites, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut into thin strips, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 10 dried Chinese mushrooms, soaked in hot water for 20 minutes, 12 cup frozen organic peas, 6 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 14 cup water, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 4 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced for garnish], title: Hot and Sour Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}, 17931: {instructions: Combine, stir, serve over ice., ingredients: [4 ounces champagne, 2 ounces peach schnapps], title: Peach Bellini, picturelink: null}, 17932: {instructions: Prepare the crust: Spray a 9by5inch metal loaf pan with cooking spray and line with plastic wrap, leaving a 2inch overhang on all sides spray the plastic wrap. Finely grind the peanuts and graham crackers in a food processor. Add the melted butter and pulse until combined. Press the mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan and refrigerate.nMake the ice cream: Bring 2 inches of water to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Fill a bowl with ice water. Whisk the egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, the banana puree, hazelnut liqueur and salt in a large metal bowl. Place the bowl over the pot of simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water and whisk until thickened, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the bowl from the pot and put in the ice water to cool.nBeat the heavy cream and the remaining 14 cup sugar with a mixer until the cream just holds stiff peaks do not overbeat. Gently fold the cream into the banana custard.nHeat the peanut butter in the microwave until soft, about 20 seconds let cool slightly.nDrop spoonfuls of the peanut butter into the banana cream and fold until swirled.nSpread the mixture over the crust in the pan, cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, at least 9 hours. Lift out of the pan using the plastic wrap and cut into 1inch slices.nPhotograpy by Kate Sears, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 14 cup unsalted roasted peanuts, 5 graham cracker sheets, roughly broken, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 8 large egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 1 ripe banana, pureed, 2 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur, Pinch of salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 34 cup creamy peanut butter], title: Peanut ButterBanana Semifreddo, picturelink: ENkQ3B1Yy.XWo5RhwdiK62X5TUmMuGm}, 17933: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pierce the potatoes a few times with a fork. Place directly on the center oven rack and bake until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool slightly.nIncrease the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. Halve the potatoes lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inchthick shell reserve half of the flesh in a bowl save the rest for another use. Brush both sides of the potato skins with 2 tablespoons melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Arrange skinside up on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, mash the potato flesh with a fork mix in the cheddar, muenster, parmesan, 2 tablespoons horseradish and the remaining 1 tablespoon melted butter. Stuff into the potato skins, return to the oven and continue baking until golden, about 8 minutes.nMix the sour cream with the remaining 1 to 2 tablespoons horseradish. Spoon on the potato skins and sprinkle with the scallions.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [6 russet potatoes about 8 ounces each, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese, 1 cup grated muenster cheese, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 3 to 4 tablespoons horseradish, 14 cup sour cream, 3 scallions, finely chopped], title: Cheesy Horseradish Potato Skins, picturelink: LICfMI4aLuuiXQ9RWQ.ujdQH7g4lMPe}, 17934: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 lollipop sticks sold in craft storesnMelt the chocolate or white or both almond bark in a double boiler melt them separately if using both. Next melt the blue and orange candy melting wafers separately in double boilers. Stir them all until they are nice and smooth. These will be your marshmallow coatings.nOne by one, dip the very tip of each lollipop stick into one of the coatings. Then stick that end of the stick into a marshmallow until its not quite all the way through. Repeat with the rest of the marshmallows, standing them up as you go.nNext, roll each marshmallow in the coating of your choice, and then tap the stick gently on the side of the double boiler to get rid of the excess. Using your fingers, sprinkle the topping of your choice all over the coating. For a rocky road version, dip in the chocolate and roll in the chopped pecans. For a smore version, dip in the chocolate and roll in the graham cracker crumbs. For a cookies and cream version, dip in the white chocolate and roll in the crushed chocolate sandwich cookies.nSet the pops stickside up on a piece of waxed paper, or stick them into florist foam that makes flowers stand up., ingredients: [1 pound chocolate or white chocolate almond bark or both, Blue candy melting wafers, for coating, Orange candy melting wafers, for coating, 12 regular marshmallows, 12 cup chopped pecans, 4 graham crackers, crumbled, Crushed chocolate sandwich cookies, such as Oreos, for topping, Assorted sprinkles such as blue, chocolate and rainbow, for topping], title: Marshmallow Pops, picturelink: 0zRAjLQY69GUKTNnrS8nRaKIjt9ZT6}, 17935: {instructions: Cook cod in water until it becomes soft. Change the water at least 3 times to make sure that it is not too salty. In a pan saute onions, peppers, tomatoes and garlic and deglaze with the wine. Add tomato juice and cook for 15 minutes, then add the cod and heat thoroughly. Season with parsley, cilantro and crushed pepper. Add the eggs and mix in until it is thoroughly cooked. Season with salt and pepper to taste and set aside. Fry the plantains in preheated vegetable oil.nPlace the plantains on a serving platter and fill in with bacalao., ingredients: [1 12 pounds salted cod, 1 onion, diced, 12 green bell pepper, finely diced, 12 red bell pepper, finely diced, 12 yellow bell pepper, finely diced, 2 tomatoes, diced, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 12 cup white wine, 1 12 cups tomato juice, 14 bunch parsley, chopped, 14 bunch cilantro, chopped, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 eggs, Salt and pepper, 4 ripe sweet plantains, peeled and sliced in 12 lengthwise making sure not to cut all the way through, 12 cup vegetable oil], title: Stewed Bacalo Served in Puerto Rican Canu, picturelink: null}, 17936: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Cut in the butter until it resembles small sized peas. Whisk eggs and heavy cream together. Add to mix. Add zest. Knead lightly until just incorporated. Roll out on a lightly floured table. Cut and place on parchment covered sheet pan. Bake 10 to 15 minutes, until puffed and golden., ingredients: [8 cups allpurpose flour, 8 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cubed, chilled butter, 8 large eggs, 2 cups heavy cream, 6 lemons, zested], title: Danielas Lemon Cream Scones, picturelink: null}, 17937: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add tequila, lime juice, Simple Syrup and orange liqueur. Cover and shake until mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Place Limesaltsugar on a plate. Press the rim of a chilled rocks or wine glass into the mixture to rim the edge. Strain margarita into the glass.nFill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add tequila, lime juice, Simple Syrup and orange liqueur. Cover and shake until mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Place Limesaltsugar on a plate. Press the rim of a chilled rocks or wine glass into the mixture to rim the edge. Strain margarita into the glass.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month.nBlend together lime, salt and sugar in a small blender or mini food chopper.nBlend together lime, salt and sugar in a small blender or mini food chopper., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 3 ounces tequila, 2 ounces freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 12 to 1 teaspoon orange liqueur, 1 tablespoon Limesaltsugar, recipe follows, Ice cubes, 3 ounces tequila, 2 ounces freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 12 to 1 teaspoon orange liqueur, 1 tablespoon Limesaltsugar, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, Zest of one lime, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, Zest of one lime, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Margarita, picturelink: PjCSgeI9Paqr2cRZuGU1afm70II.7G}, 17938: {instructions: Mix together flour and butter into small lumps. Add Marsala, mix and add water to form dough. Wrap in plastic and let rest. Cut into pieces and pass through a pasta machine in widest setting, dust with flour and change setting 1 at a time and pass until 18  inch thick. Cut dough according to cannoli tube size. Roll around tube, brush with egg and deep fry at until 350 degrees until golden. Let cool and fill with cream.nFor the Cream Filling: Combine all ingredients, as desired, in a bowl, fill shells, dust with sugar., ingredients: [1 23 cups flour, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon Marsala, 12 cup water, 1 egg, beaten, Oil for frying, 1 pound Ricotta impasta, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract,optional, 1 cup chocolate chips, 12 cup chopped dried candied orange and or lemon peel, Melted chocolate to dip, Powdered sugar], title: Cannoli, picturelink: null}, 17939: {instructions: Cream the butter and cheese with a fork in a medium bowl until evenly mixed together.nLay the roast beef slices on a flat surface to make 16 rectangles, each about 5 by 8 inches. Depending on the size of the slices, it may be necessary to combine them, overlapping slightly along the sides. Season the meat with salt and pepper. Spread 2 teaspoons of the cheese mixture along the short end of the beef rectangle. Strip the leaves from a watercress sprig and scatter the leaves over the cheese, and then top with a few pieces of both red and yellow peppers. Roll the beef, enclosing the butter and vegetables, and continue rolling into a tight cylinder. Wrap snugly in plastic wrap. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 30 minutes.nTo serve, trim the ends and halve the rolls, crosswise., ingredients: [13 cup unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup crumbled blue cheese 1 12 ounces, such as Roquefort or Maytag blue, 1 pound thinly sliced rare roast beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch watercress, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and cut into thin strips, 1 yellow pepper, stemmed, seeded, and cut into thin strips], title: Roast Beef and Blue Cheese RollUp, picturelink: null}, 17940: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.. Grease 2 baking sheets with butter, and line with silpat baking mats or parchment paper set aside. Cream butter until smooth add sugars, and beat until smooth. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Into a large bowl, sift together flour, salt, and baking soda. Slowly beat dry ingredients into wet mixture. Fold in chocolate chips. Drop 2 to 3 tablespoons dough per cookie onto prepared baking sheets space dough about 2 inches apart to accommodate spreading. Bake until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer cookies to racks to cool., ingredients: [1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for baking sheets, 3 cups packed lightbrown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 cups bestquality chocolate chips], title: Alexiss Brown Sugar Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 17941: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and chiles and cook until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Add the steak and cook, stirring frequently, 2 minutes. Add the shallots and bell pepper and cook 1 minute. Add the fish sauce, sweet soy sauce, black soy sauce and chili paste. Bring the mixture to a low simmer and cook, stirring frequently, until the meat is cooked through and the vegetables are tender, about 3 minutes.nRemove the skillet from the heat and stir in the basil and mint until wilted. Serve over rice.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 to 3 Thai chiles such as prik kee noo or serrano chiles, stemmed and thinly sliced, 1 pound flank steak, very thinly sliced, 3 medium shallots, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 18inchthick slices, 14 cup fish sauce, 2 tablespoons sweet soy sauce, 2 tablespoons black soy sauce, 1 tablespoon chili paste in soybean oil, 1 12 cups chopped fresh Thai basil leaves or regular basil, 1 cup whole fresh mint leaves, White rice, for serving], title: Spicy Mint Beef, picturelink: jbh6On9Vu7pUPNaYgvVA1RLfwBQFvHW}, 17942: {instructions: Sprinkle the brisket with the salt, pepper, paprika, and cumin and rub the spices into the slices of meat. Dredge the strips in the flour and shake off the excess. In a large ovenproof casserole, heat the oil over high heat. Sear the meat until browned on all sides, then remove with a slotted spoon and set aside. Reduce the heat to medium. Add the bones, onion, and garlic and cook for about 8 minutes, until golden. Strain the chick peas and add their soaking water to the pot. Tie the chickpeas inside a large square of doubled cheesecloth and add them to the pot, then add enough additional water so that the ingredients are covered by 4 inches. Add the salt, mint, and cilantro sprigs, cover the pan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer for 45 minutes, then add the strips of brisket and simmer for about 1 hour more, until the meat is tender. Strain, reserving the broth. Discard the bones and aromatic vegetables if desired, squeeze the garlic cloves out of their skins into the broth. Unwrap the chickpeas and empty them into the broth. Place the meat strips on a platter and sprinkle with the oregano. Cover loosely and keep warm in a low oven. In a small skillet heat the butter over medium heat and saute the plantains for about 15 minutes. While they are cooking, place 1 large and 1 medium heavy skillet over medium heat. Add 5 tablespoons of oil to the large skillet, and 1 tablespoon to the medium skillet. In the large skillet, saute the carrots, chayote, and potatoes for about 20 minutes, until golden, stirring occasionally. In the other saute the zucchini for about 10 minutes. In all pans, regulate the heat so that the vegetables sizzle and brown but do not burn. Keep the finished vegetables warm on a platter covered with foil. Bring the broth back to a simmer and add the cabbage and green beans. Cook for 8 minutes, until the vegetables are almost tender. Add the meat to the broth and heat until warmed through, about 5 minutes. Serve in large shallow bowls with plenty of broth and pass the warm vegetables and Salsa Fresca recipe follows.nIn a mixing bowl combine all the ingredients. Stir and toss well. Store in a covered container in the refrigerator no more than 1 day., ingredients: [3 pounds beef brisket, cut into 2inch strips across the grain, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, Flour for dredging, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 piece shinbone and 1 piece marrow bone, 1 large white onion, roughly chopped, 1 large head garlic, 1 cup dry chick peas, soaked overnight in water to cover, 2 teaspoons salt, 9 large fresh mint sprigs, 9 large cilantro sprigs, 2 teaspoons dried Mexican oregano, crumbled, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 small ripe plantains, cut into diagonal slices, unpeeled, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, for cooking the vegetables, 5 medium carrots, trimmed and quartered lengthwise, 1 large chayote, peeled and cut into thick slices, 6 small red potatoes, quartered, 3 medium zucchini, trimmed and sliced 14inch thick lengthwise, 1 medium cabbage, cut into 8 wedges and core trimmed away, 12 pound green beans, trimmed and halved, Salsa Fresca, 4 medium ripe tomatoes, cored,seeded, and finely diced, 14 red onion, minced, 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and minced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only chopped, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 34 teaspoon salt, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper], title: Oaxacan Beef Stew, picturelink: null}, 17943: {instructions: Fill high ball with ice and add 12 oz. of grenadine. Fill the glass with Sprite or ginger ale. Shake. Garnish with a cherry., ingredients: [12 oz. grenadine, Sprite or ginger ale, Cherry for garnish], title: Shirley Temple, picturelink: null}, 17944: {instructions: Prepare your favorite brownie batter, adding 1 cup shredded zucchini squeezed dry divide among greased minimuffin cups and bake 1518 minutes at 350 degrees F., ingredients: [], title: Better Brownies, picturelink: dvGTo250LMCXDnlimm3AUth4I1pNql.}, 17945: {instructions: Special equipment: two 24cup mini muffin tins and a piping bag, optionalnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange the salami slices over the cups of a 24cup mini muffin tin slightly overlapping is fine, then top with a second mini muffin tin, pressing the salami slices into the cups and compressing them. Flip the muffin tins over and put the whole thing on a baking sheet upside down. Top with a castiron pan for more compression. Bake for about 12 minutes, then remove the castiron pan carefully. Bake for an additional 12 minutes. Let the salami cups cool completely, dabbing any rendered fat with paper towels.nUsing a hand mixer, whip the ricotta, mascarpone, honey, lemon juice, crushed red pepper and some salt until light and fluffly, about 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a piping bag or make a piping bag using a resealable plastic bag.nFill each salami cup with the some of the whipped ricotta mixture, then top with a couple slices of fig and some crushed hazelnuts. Garnish with the lemon zest and basil., ingredients: [24 thin slices salami, 2 cups wholemilk ricotta cheese, 4 ounces mascarpone cheese, 2 tablespoons honey, Grated zest of 1 lemon plus 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Kosher salt, 4 ripe fresh figs, sliced into thin coins, 12 cup hazelnuts, toasted and crushed, Fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, for garnish], title: Salami Cups with Whipped Honey Ricotta and Fresh Figs, picturelink: KAiGaCzPevHoMZ4xBslz2H1WBrLj3Ky}, 17946: {instructions: In a large bowl or resealable plasic bag, add the flour, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning and salt and pepper, to taste. Combine well, then add the chicken and toss to coat.nIn a large highsided skillet with a lid, heat the canola oil over mediumhigh heat. Shake off excess flour from the chicken and fry in the oil until golden brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate and reserve.nTo the pan, add the mushrooms and bell pepper and cook for 2 minutes, until slightly softened. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon of Italian seasoning, the tomato soup, and the chicken broth. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to a simmer and add the reserved chicken. Cover with a lid and cook until the chicken is completely cooked through, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the lid 5 minutes before the end of the cooking time, to reduce the sauce slightly. Transfer the cacciatore to a serving platter, sprinkle with parsley and serve., ingredients: [14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chicken legs and thighs reserved from Chicken Pot Pies recipe, 14 cup canola oil, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 1 green bell pepper, large dice, 2 cups soup reserved from Tomato Soup recipe, 12 cup chicken broth, reserved from Chicken Pot Pies recipe, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Round 2 Recipe: Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: null}, 17947: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place 2 sheet trays in oven to warm.nTo make the curry butter: Combine ingredients in a food processor and pulse until smooth.nTo prepare the Salmon and Mussels: Begin by making a seasoning with fennel and coriander seed and salt and pepper. Pound spices in a mortar and pestle, or grind with a coffee grinder, until you have a rough powder.nIn a large mixing bowl combine couscous, cilantro, lemon zest and half the spice mix. Stir well to combine, drizzle with olive oil, then divide evenly among 4 large pieces of parchment big enough to create a folded pocket for the salmon. Nestle into the couscous 1 frozen chicken stock cube for each portion. Top with the piece of salmon and then sprinkle with remaining spice mix. Squeeze lemon juice over the top of each piece of fish and couscous then set 4 mussels around the fish in each packet. Fold over the parchment to create a pocket and trim paper to make a heart shape. Crimp over the edges, working from one end to the other to secure the paper tightly then brush with olive oil so the paper doesnt burn. Carefully transfer the parchment pockets to the hot sheet trays you will probably need to put 2 per tray then bake in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes.nWhen done, the paper will puff up. Cut open tableside with scissors, top with curry butter, and shower with fresh chopped scallions and cilantro., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 fresh red chile, roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, peeled, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fennel seeds, toasted, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, toasted, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, boneless and skin removed, 1 lemon, juiced, 16 mussels, cleaned and debearded, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 scallions, finely sliced, for garnish, 14 bunch cilantro, for garnish, 1 cup couscous, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 4 frozen cubes of chicken stock about 2 tablespoons per cube], title: The Ultimate Salmon in Parchment, picturelink: nV5XbGP.nt0tkW9vf66l8SfdU8g89i}, 17948: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a large saute pan or Dutch oven over high heat for 2 minutes. Swirl in 3 tablespoons olive oil, and then add the onions, 1 teaspoon thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Cook 6 minutes, stirring often, and then turn the heat down to medium. Add the butter, and cook 15 minutes, stirring and scraping with a wooden spoon, until the onions start to caramelize. Turn the heat down to low and continue cooking for about 10 minutes, stirring often, until the onions are a deep golden brown. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside.nUse a mandoline to slice the potatoes into 18inchthick rounds. Toss them with the cream, 1 teaspoon thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and some pepper.nCut the tomatoes into 14inchthick slices. Arrange them on a plate and season with 1 teaspoon salt and some pepper.nPlace half the caramelized onions in an even layer in a 9by9inch or equivalent gratin or baking dish. Arrange one layer of alternating potatoes and tomatoes on top of the onion layer. Layer a couple of slices of cheese and scatter some olives over the cheese. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the cream from the potatoes and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season with 1 teaspoon salt, a healthy pinch of pepper, 12 teaspoon thyme and half the basil.nScatter the rest of the caramelized onions over the potatoes and tomatoes. Arrange another layer of potatoes, tomatoes and cheese on top make this layer pretty, because it will be the top of your gratin. Pour the remaining cream from the potatoes and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over the potatoes and tomatoes. Season with 14 teaspoon salt, a pinch of pepper, and the remaining 12 teaspoon thyme, olives and basil. Press the vegetables down with your fingers. The cream and oil will come up through the layers and coat the vegetables evenly.nCover the baking dish tightly with aluminum foil. Bake until the potatoes are tender when pierced, about 2 hours. Remove the gratin from the oven and uncover it, being careful of the steam.nTurn the oven up to 450 degrees F and return the gratin, uncovered, to the oven. Cook until the juices have thickened and the top is nice and golden brown as in gratineed, another 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 cups thinly sliced onions about 1 12 pounds, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 14 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 14 pounds ripe tomatoes, 1 pound gruyere cheese, cut in 14inchthick slices, 12 cup pitted black cured olives, 14 cup sliced fresh opal basil], title: PotatoTomato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 17949: {instructions: For the steak: Trim any remaining fat off the steaks and, using a mallet or rolling pin, pound out the steaks to 14inch thick.nBeat together the milk and egg in a shallow dish and set aside. Place the flour in a shallow dish, season well with the seasoning salt and pepper and set aside.nCover the bottom of a large skillet, preferably cast iron, with enough oil to reach about 12inch up the pan. Heat over mediumhigh heat.nCoat the steaks in the egg mixture, then the flour and then add to the pan. Cook until the juices begin to surface and the bottom is nice and brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the steaks and cook another 2 to 3 minutes more. Be careful to not overcook. Continue this process until all the steaks are cooked, placing the finished steaks on a paper towellined baking sheet.nAfter frying the steaks, prepare to make the gravy: Let the drippings in the pan sit until the excess browned bits of seasoning settle to the bottom of the skillet. Pour off most of the oil, leaving about 4 tablespoons behind with the brown bits. Add the flour, stirring until well mixed. Place the skillet back over mediumhigh heat and slowly add the milk while stirring constantly. Cook until the gravy comes to a boil. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with chicken fried steak., ingredients: [3 pounds about 6 ounces each rib eye steaks, 12inch thick, 34 cup milk, 1 egg, beaten, 2 to 3 cups flour, 2 teaspoons seasoning salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, 3 heaping tablespoons flour, 2 cups cold milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Fried Steak with Cream Gravy, picturelink: null}, 17950: {instructions: Bring wine, sugar, shallot, garlic, rosemary, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt and 12 teaspoon pepper to a boil in medium saucepan. Simmer over mediumlow heat until thickened and reduced to about 34 cup, about 12 minutes. Let wine mixture cool completely.nPour wine mixture into a medium bowl. Add the chicken pieces, cover and marinate mixture for 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cover the top insert of a 2 piece broiler pan with foil, place on bottom pan. Evenly space the chicken on the pan skinside up, reserving marinade. Roast the chicken until cooked through about 40 minutes.nMeanwhile, pour the reserved marinade into a small skillet and add the grapes. Bring mixture to a rolling boil, and cook until the grapes are tender, about 5 minutes. Baste the chicken with the grape mixture, including both the grapes and the liquid every 15 minutes until the chicken and grapes are glazed and the chicken is cooked through, about 40 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup dry red wine, 14 cup sugar, 1 medium shallot, finely chopped, 1 garlic clove, smashed and peeled, Leaves from 1 sprig fresh rosemary, finely chopped about 1 12 teaspoons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 pieces mixed chicken thighs and drumsticks, about 2 12 pounds, 12 cup seedless black grapes, halved, 12 cup seedless red grapes, halved], title: Vineyard Glazed Chicken, picturelink: null}, 17951: {instructions: In a saucepan bring white wine, Sherry, honey, and sugar to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Transfer syrup to a heatproof bowl and chill until cold.nCut peel and pith from grapefruits and oranges and cut fruit into sections, discarding membranes. Halve pomegranate and squeeze gently to yield seeds with juice. Divide citrus sections, pomegranate seeds and juice, and wine syrup among 6 dessert bowls and chill, covered, at least 15 minutes and up to 1 hour. Stir compote before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups dry white wine, 14 cup dry Sherry, 14 cup honey, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 6 pink grapefruits, 3 blood oranges or 1 12 navel oranges, 1 pomegranate], title: Blood Orange, Grapefruit, and Pomegranate Compote, picturelink: null}, 17952: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring 1 12 cups water to a boil in a pot and season with salt. Add the cauliflower, cover and steam until just tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Drain and cut into florets. Meanwhile, bring another pot of salted water to a boil and cook the noodles to just shy of al dente, about 5 minutes. Drain. Heat 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and cook until tender and browned. Add the garlic and shallots and cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the flour and cook, whisking, for 1 minute. Deglaze with the sherry, stirring and scraping up any browned bits with a wooden spoon. Whisk in the chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for a few minutes, then stir in the heavy cream. Season with salt, pepper and a few grates of nutmeg. Combine the cauliflower, noodles, chicken and sauce. Transfer to a casserole dish. Melt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in small pan, then drizzle over the panko in a bowl and toss to combine. Add the ParmigianoReggiano and toss. Sprinkle the breadcrumbs over the casserole. Bake until hot, bubbling and golden, 40 to 45 minutes. Sprinkle with the parsley. Divide among plates. Cooks Note: The unbaked casserole without the breadcrumbs can be covered and refrigerated for a makeahead meal.nPut the chicken in a very large stockpot or divide between 2 pots if necessary. Add the peppercorns, garlic, bay leaves, carrots, celery, lemons, onions and herb bundle and sprinkle with salt. Add enough water to cover the chicken. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and cook at a rolling simmer for 1 12 hours. Remove the chicken from the liquid and let cool. Strain the stock. You should have 5 to 6 quarts stock. Remove the skin and bones from the chicken, and shred the meat using your hands or 2 forks., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 small head cauliflower, 8 ounces extrawide egg noodles, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, 8 ounces assorted fresh mushrooms or white mushrooms, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large or 2 medium shallots, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry sherry, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, Freshly ground pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 3 to 4 cups shredded Poached Chicken Breasts, recipe follows, 1 cup panko, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 4 whole bonein, skinon chicken breasts for all white meat or 3 whole 4pound chickens for a mix of white and dark meat, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 large bay leaves, 4 carrots, coarsely chopped, 4 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 2 lemons, sliced, 2 onions, quartered, Herb bundle of fresh parsley, rosemary and thyme tied with kitchen string, Kosher salt], title: Chicken Tetrazzini Casserole with Cauliflower, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 17953: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and bake until toasted, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool, then finely grind in a food processor. Leave the oven on.nIn a large bowl, whip the butter with a mixer on medium speed until smooth. Add the sugar and cream together until thoroughly combined. Add 1 egg and the egg yolk and mix until blended, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally. Fold in 12 cup ground almonds, the flour, almond extract, vanilla extract and orange liqueur with a rubber spatula. Stir the rabbit figurine into the filling, if using.nUnfold the puff pastry on a floured surface and roll out slightly. Cut 1 piece into an 11inch circle and the other piece into a 12inch circle. Place the 11inch round on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Beat the remaining egg with 1 tablespoon cold water. Brush the edge of the pastry with the egg wash. Spread the almond filling in an even layer in the center, leaving a 1 12inch border. Gently lift the 12inch round and place it over the filling so the edges match up. Press down on all the edges so the egg wash acts as a glue to stick the pastry together. Crimp the edges with a fork to seal. Brush with any remaining egg wash. Place the cake in the refrigerator to firm up slightly, about 15 minutes.nBake the cake until the pastry is golden brown and puffs up slightly, about 35 minutes. Tent with foil if the cake is browning too quickly. Let cool before serving the cake will shrink as it cools.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 cup almonds, 1 stick plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 large eggs plus 1 egg yolk, 14 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon pure almond extract, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur such as Grand Marnier, 2 sheets frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 heatproof rabbit figurine or whole almond optional], title: Easter Egg Hunt Cake, picturelink: RR5IxaWoek7zIKFK6QIdS.Du.K2OZa}, 17954: {instructions: Garlic Mashed Potatoes: Combine potatoes, broth, and garlic in a large saucepan. Add additional water if necessary in order to keep all potatoes completely submerged. Bring to boil than reduce heat to low. Continue to cook until potatoes are tender, 25 to 30 minutes.nDrain and mash the potatoes and garlic. Add butter, salt, pepper, and whipping cream. Whip until it has a creamy texture.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F with a pizza stone.nRoll out the dough into a 14inch thick circle. Place in a pizza pan or on a pizza peel. Spread on the garlic mashed potatoes. Evenly sprinkle the sauteed onions. Layer the sliced tomatoes. Evenly sprinkle the cheeses, bacon crumbles, cracked black pepper, and onion salt. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes.nCombine flour, salt, and yeast and mix well in a large bowl 12 quart will work fine. Mix in the oil and warm water. Cover the bowl and let the dough rise for 30 minutes., ingredients: [15 medium red potatoes, 1 14.5ounce can chicken broth, 6 large cloves garlic, 4 tablespoons butter or margarine, 34 cup of heavy whipping cream, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, Basic Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 2 cups garlic mashed potatoes, 3 ounces sauteed onions, 3 small tomatoes, sliced thin, 4 ounces shredded provolone, 4 ounces shredded fontina, 4 ounces bacon, cooked and crumbled, 1 teaspoon cracked pepper, 1 teaspoon onion salt, 3 cups bread flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 package active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup warm water], title: The Loaded Potato Pizza, picturelink: null}, 17955: {instructions: For the salsa verde: First, dice the tomatoes, medium cut, then puree them in a food processor or blender. Next, add the cilantro, onions, balsamic, garlic, oil and jalapenos. Again, puree, taste, then season with salt and pepper. After seasoning, place in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to merge.nFor the dirty rice: In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and allow to warm. Next, add the onions and cook, with stirring motion, until slightly translucent. This should take 3 to 4 minutes. Next, add the cooked beans and carrots and allow to warm. Then add the tomato juice and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Continue to cook until the juice has reduced to 14 cup, 3 to 4 minutes. Next, add the rice. Warm the rice and blend the flavors over mediumlow heat for 5 minutes. Once the rice has warmed and the juice has finished reducing, remove from the heat, add the celery leaves, taste and season to preference with the Cajun spice.nFor the steak: In a large saute pan over high heat, add and warm the oil for 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle the steaks on both sides with the salt and pepper, and add to the pan. Reduce the heat to mediumhigh and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the steak and repeat the process on the second side for a final 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the pan, allow to rest and serve over the dirty rice. Finish with salsa verde., ingredients: [2 large green tomatoes, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup small diced yellow onion, 2 tablespoons white balsamic, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 2 jalapenos, seeded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 12 cup small diced yellow onion, 1 cup cooked black beans, 2 tablespoons small diced carrots, previously boiled, semisoft, 12 cup tomato juice, 3 cups cooked white or brown rice, 12 cup celery leaves, tips only, 1 tablespoon Cajun spice, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Four 8ounce rib eye steaks, trimmed, 1 tablespoon sea or kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Seared Rib Eye, Salsa Verde, Dirty Rice, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 17956: {instructions: In the pan heat the oil over high heat and add the green onions. Cook for 5 minutes, then add the salt and pepper and stir for a few seconds. Add the pineapple jelly and plum sauce cook for a couple of minutes and stir in the Sriracha. Stir and slowly drop all but 1 cup of the pineapple chunks be careful of the splash it burns into the pan. Cook for 5 minutes then remove the pan from the heat and let cool.nRemove the cooked pineapple from the pan and put into a blender with the pineapple juice and 8 cups water, and grind until the pineapple chunks disappear. Pour the pineapple mixture and the sauce from the pan into a bowl and mix well. Thinly slice the reserved pineapple and mix into the bowl.nUse this sauce on pork or as a marinade for grilled shrimp., ingredients: [1 12 ounces oil, 12 cup chopped green onions, 35 grams salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup pineapple jelly, 1 cup plum sauce, 12 cup Sriracha, 1 pineapple, cubed about 2 pounds, 20 ounces pineapple juice], title: Pineapple Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17957: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Eight to ten 12inch skewersnThread 6 brioche cubes onto each skewer, leaving 14 inch of space between cubes leave out overnight to dry.nPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat. Whisk together the buttermilk, eggs, butter, sugar, cinnamon and 12 teaspoon salt in a baking dish soak the skewers in the mixture for 5 minutes, turning as needed.nSpray a large piece of foil with cooking spray and place it on one side of the grill grate. Lay the skewers on the foil, leaving about an inch of space between them. Grill, covered, turning occasionally, until golden, 5 to 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, brush the bananas with oil and place cutsides down on the other side of the grill grate not on the foil. Cook, turning as needed, until golden and covered in grill marks, 3 to 5 minutes. Serve the skewers and bananas drizzled with honey., ingredients: [12 loaf brioche, cut into 1 to 2inch cubes, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 4 large eggs, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Kosher salt, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 bananas, halved lengthwise, Grapeseed or canola oil, for brushing, Honey or maple syrup, for serving], title: Grilled French Toast Skewers with Bananas and Honey, picturelink: FIVAWPBDlsujkoACOZkEAN7T1Er9RC}, 17958: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the cottage cheese or farmers cheese, sugar, cream cheese, and egg yolks, stirring to mix.nIn batches, process the mixture in a food processor, adding an equal amount of cream to each batch, until completely smooth. Transfer back to the bowl.nStir in the ground almonds, lemon zest, lemon extract, and vanilla extract. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean and add them to the cheese mixture along with the raisins. Mix thoroughly.nLine a clean, unused 8cup flower pot with a double layer of rinsed and squeezeddry cheesecloth. Spoon the cheese mixture into the lined pan, then fold the ends of the cheesecloth neatly over the top. Place a saucer on the cheesecloth, then a 2pound weight, such as a can, on the saucer. Put the flower pot in a bowl large enough for the liquid to drain into. Refrigerate for at least 12 hours.nEmpty the bowl. Unmold the pashka onto a serving plate and carefully remove the cheesecloth. Decorate with candied fruit, pressing some of the fruit into the pashka to form the letters XP, which stands for Khristos voskres Christ has risen., ingredients: [2 pounds homemade cottage cheese or farmers cheese, 1 12 cups sugar, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, cut into pieces, 6 large hardcooked egg yolks, crumbled, 1 12 cups heavy or whipping cream, 34 cups ground almonds, 12 lemon, zest grated, 1 teaspoon lemon extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 12 cup golden raisins, Chopped candied fruits, for decoration], title: Easter Cheese Mold: Pashka, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 17959: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of coconut oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the green onions, shallots, red pepper and Scotch bonnet and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, 1 to 2 minutes more. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and refrigerate until cool, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the brown sugar, allspice, cinnamon, garlic powder, ginger, onion powder, oregano, thyme, salt and pepper in a medium bowl and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add the beef and pork to the spice mixture and gently work them together. Gently work in the chilled vegetable mixture along with the egg, coconut milk, and just enough of the breadcrumbs to tighten it all up. Form the mixture into 12 meatballs.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons coconut oil in a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the meatballs and cook until browned on all sides, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake 10 minutes.nCombine the ketchup and soy sauce in a small bowl. Stir the mixture into the skillet and bake until the meatballs are cooked through, another 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons coconut oil, 3 green onions, chopped, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, minced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground beef, 8 ounces ground pork, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup coconut milk, 14 cup to 13 cup dried breadcrumbs, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup soy sauce], title: Jerk Meatloaf Balls, picturelink: uPFsLVX8dyet6BKapq8FZLPwmRLKNn2}, 17960: {instructions: Make the crust: Combine the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the shortening and pulse until it looks like cornmeal. Add the butter and pulse a few times until the butter is in peasize pieces. Add the vinegar and 1 tablespoon ice water pulse until the dough starts coming together but is still crumbly, adding 1 more tablespoon ice water if necessary. Turn the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap shape into a disk and wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.nPut a baking sheet on the middle oven rack and preheat to 425 degrees F. Meanwhile, roll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp with your fingers or a fork. Refrigerate until firm, at least 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Whisk the eggs, brown sugar, corn syrup, melted butter, bourbon, vanilla, salt, walnuts and chocolate chips in a large bowl until smooth. Pour the filling into the crust. Carefully place the pie plate on the hot baking sheet in the oven and reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake until the crust is golden and the filling is set around the edge but slightly jiggly in the center, 50 to 55 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely, 3 to 4 hours.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup cold vegetable shortening, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 3 large eggs, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 34 cup light corn syrup, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups roughly chopped walnuts, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Bourbon ChocolateWalnut Pie, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 17961: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the shells:nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta.nWarm the olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook until lightly golden, about 5 minutes. Remove the pancetta from the pan with a slotted spoon and transfer to a large bowl. Add the spinach, ricotta cheese, asiago cheese, pepper, and nutmeg. Stir to combine. Stuff the shells with about 2 tablespoons of the spinach mixture each and place the stuffed shells in a large, buttered baking dish.nFor the sauce:nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the cream and bring to a simmer. Turn the heat to very low and add the 2 cups asiago cheese, parsley, and pepper. Stir until the cheese is dissolved. Pour the sauce over the shells. Top with the remaining 14 cup asiago cheese. Bake until golden on top, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12ounce package jumbo shells pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound thickcut pancetta, cut into 34inch cubes, 2 pounds frozen spinach, thawed and drained, 1 15ounce container whole milk ricotta, 1 cup grated asiago cheese, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 cup cream, 2 cups grated asiago cheese, plus 14 cup, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Shells with Crispy Pancetta and Spinach, picturelink: JR4SQedwzvngoH1kqYm9mRF4KROy3Xi}, 17962: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium low heat. Cook the garlic slices until tender but not brown. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels and reserve.nTurn the heat under the pan to high. Quickly toss the shrimp with the salt and pepper in a bowl. When the oil is nearly smoking, add the shrimp. saute, stirring and shaking the pan to prevent sticking, 3 to 4 minutes or just until the shrimp are still slightly undercooked. Remove from the heat. With a slotted spoon, transfer the shrimp to a platter, leaving as much liquid as possible in the pan.nReturn the pan to the burner and reduce the heat to medium. Add the garlic slices and anchos and saute, stirring frequently, until the oil begins to turn orange from the chiles. Stir in the fish stock or clam juice, along with the shrimp and any juice that has collected on the platter. Add the lime juice and parsley, bring to a boil and remove from the heat. Serve immediately over rice., ingredients: [1 bunch Italian parsley, leaves only, chopped, 34 cup olive oil, 2 to 5 garlic cloves, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 34 pounds rock or medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 large ancho chiles, wiped clean, stemmed, seeded and finely julienned, 1 cup fish stock or clam juice, Juice of 3 large limes], title: Sauteed Shrimp with Ancho Chiles and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 17963: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nPeaches: Combine the peach preserves and serranos in a saucepan. Cook until tender and syrupy. Remove from the heat and mash with a fork.nCabernet Franc Reduction: Reduce one cup of veal stock and Cabernet Franc. To thicken, add red wine jus, cream, and butter. Finish with a few drops of red wine vinegar and the shallots.nFoie Gras: Cut the foie gras into 4 slices and score with a fork. Sear until golden brown on both sides in a hot pan. Remove from pan and place on a paper towel. Sprinkle with fleur de sel to season.nGrill a small piece of white or milk bread place in center of a plate. Add a teaspoon of peach preserve on the bread. Place hot foie gras on the peaches. Garnish with frisee and a few handcut local greens tossed in grapeseed oil. Spoon sauce around and drizzle with ice wine syrup., ingredients: [1 12 cups peach preserves, Serrano chiles, 1 cup reduced veal stock or similar, 1 12 ounces Cabernet Franc, 1 12 ounces red wine jus, 12 ounce heavy cream, 1 ounce unsalted butter, 12 ounce red wine vinegar, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 2 ounces foie gras, cut into 4 slices, Dash Fleur de Sel, 4 slices milk bread or white bread, Frisee leaves, for serving, Grapeseed oil, for drizzing, Drizzle Cabernet Franc Ice Wine Syrup Cabernet Franc Ice Wine boiled until reduced to a syrup], title: Pan Seared Quebec Foie Gras with Hot and Sour Peach Jam, Cabernet Ice Wine Reduction, picturelink: null}, 17964: {instructions: Tear the lettuce leaves into bitesized pieces and transfer them to a large salad bowl. Add the cucumber, tomatoes, and onion. Sprinkle with the oil, vinegar, and salt and pepper, and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 head romaine lettuce, 1 cucumber, peeled and sliced, 2 to 3 plum tomatoes, cored and cut into small wedges, 1 small red onion, sliced thin, Olive oil and red wine vinegar, to taste, Salt and pepper], title: Mixed Green Salad, picturelink: null}, 17965: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the oil 4 turns of the pan over medium heat. Add the anchovies, cover the pan with a splatter screen or lid, and shake until the anchovies begin to break up. Reduce the heat a bit, uncover, and stir until the anchovies melt into the oil. Add the garlic and chiles and stir for 2 minutes. Add the vermouth.nAdd the cherry tomatoes to the skillet, then add the olives and capers. Add the basil and simmer over mediumlow heat for 20 minutes to break down the tomatoes. Add chicken stock if liquid gets too low.nTo serve, cook 1 pound pasta to al dente. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking water. Toss together the sauce, starchy water, parsley, Parmesan and pasta., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 8 to 12 goodquality anchovy fillets, 6 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced or chopped, 2 small fresh red finger chiles, finely chopped, 12 cup dry vermouth, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, 12 cup oilcured pitted black olives, 14 cup capers, A few fresh basil leaves, torn, Chicken stock, as needed, 1 pound bucatini or red pepper penne, 1 cup loosely packed fresh flatleaf parsley tops, finely chopped, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Red Pepper Penne with Cherry Tomato Puttanesca, picturelink: G4t0iI0J2tyezN3P6vEBKYzYq1tPjDW}, 17966: {instructions: Unwrap fish but leave it on the butcher paper. Season with salt and pepper on flesh side only. Sprinkle generously with flour, and then shake off the excess.nIn a 12inch nonstick skillet, heat 2 teaspoons of olive oil over medium high heat until hot but not smoking. Place the fish in the pan skin side down. Cook until golden, about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the fish over and cook until the flesh is just cooked through and is no longer translucent, about 3 more minutes, depending on the thickness of your fish., ingredients: [1 14 pounds sea bass fillets, skin on, Coarse salt and cracked black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, to coat fish, 2 teaspoons olive oil], title: Pan Fried White Fish, picturelink: null}, 17967: {instructions: Layer the crumbled chips, chicken, corn and picante sauce in a 1quart casserole. Top with the olives and cheese.nBake at 350 degrees F for 40 minutes or until the mixture is hot and bubbling. Top with the pepper. Serve with the chips., ingredients: [1 cup coarsely crumbled tortilla chips, 2 cups cubed cooked chicken OR turkey, 1 can about 15 ounces creamstyle corn, 34 cup Paceu00ae Picante Sauce, 12 cup sliced pitted ripe olive, 2 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese about 12 cup, Chopped green or red pepper, Tortilla chips], title: Monterey Chicken Tortilla Casserole, picturelink: VhRb3XXc2sp.0wYB1S2XpKg41oyzPbu}, 17968: {instructions: Boil green beans and broccoli for about for 2 minutes. Melt butter in a pan then saute with vegetables. Season with salt and pepper or any other seasonings., ingredients: [1 pound frozen French green beans, 1 pound frozen broccoli, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons sweet butter], title: Vegetable Melange, picturelink: null}, 17969: {instructions: Roast the peppers on the stovetop burners, turning with tongs to char evenly on all sides. When thoroughly blackened, close up in a paper bag so skins will steam loose. When cool enough to handle, rub the skin off the peppers. Cut out and discard the stems, seeds, and white veins. Chop into 14inch dice and set aside. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cut the bread into 14inch dice. Toss the bread cubes with the olive oil. Toast in the preheated oven for 5 minutes, or golden brown. Set aside. Cut the tomatoes, cucumber, and red onion into 14inch dice. In a large bowl, combine with the diced peppers, capers, and anchovies if desired. For the vinaigrette, start by mixing the Dijon mustard and chianti vinegar together and then slowly ass the olive oil until well emulsified. Add the chopped basil, and season with salt and pepper. Add all the vinaigrette ingredients to the bowl and toss well to combine. Just before serving, add the croutons to the salad, toss well, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 yellow bell peppers, 2 red bell peppers, 4 slices white bread, crusts removed, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 6 plum tomatoes, 1 cucumber, peeled, 1 small red onion, 2 tablespoons capers, 3 anchovy fillets optional, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoon chianti vinegar, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped basil, 1 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly cracked black pepper to taste], title: Panzanella Salad, picturelink: null}, 17970: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a large skillet over medium heat. Brush butter on one side of each slice of bread and place butteredside down onto the skillet until toasted.nPlace the bread, butteredside down on a work surface. Top each slice of bread with a slice of cheese. Then place 2 to 3 slices of the corned beef on half of the slices of bread. Place 2 tablespoons sauerkraut over the corned beef and spoon 1 tablespoon KickedUp Russian Dressing onto the remaining slices of bread. Place each of the slices of bread with dressing, butteredside out on top of the slices of bread topped with corned beef.nPlace the sandwiches in the skillet and cook until golden and toasted, about 5 minutes, using a spatula to press down a few times. Turn the sandwiches over and top with foil, then place another pan or skillet on top to press down. Cook until the sandwiches are toasted and the cheese melts, 3 to 5 minutes. Serve with pickles on the side.nIn a medium bowl, use a whisk to combine the mayonnaise, chili sauce, horseradish and relish., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 8 slices marbled rye bread, 8 slices Swiss, 12 ounces delisliced corned beef, 12 cup drained sauerkraut, 4 tablespoons KickedUp Russian Dressing, recipe follows, 10 slices pickles, for serving, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chili sauce, such as Heinz, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 2 teaspoons chopped pickled relish], title: Hot Pressed Reuben, picturelink: SemSq1U8.Bube.ZlJnxkpJgYsH7XmVy}, 17971: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nZest the lemons and lay out the zest to dry it slightly, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nMix the lemon zest with the salt in a small bowl and set aside. Cut 2 of the lemons in half and set aside.nDrizzle the asparagus with olive oil on a baking sheet and toss to coat. Roast until the asparagus have some blackened bits, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle the peas all over the asparagus, toss and squeeze on the juice of the 2 cut lemons. Return to the oven for 3 minutes.nServe on a big platter and sprinkle with the lemon salt, basil and parsley before serving., ingredients: [3 lemons, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 pounds asparagus larger spears, trimmed, Drizzle of olive oil, 8 ounces frozen peas, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Roasted Asparagus and Peas, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 17972: {instructions: For the Apples: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In an oven proof skillet or nonstick pan, melt butter over lowmedium heat and stir in sugar. Arrange apples, pretty side down like a tart tatin and distribute pecans on top and within the apples. Cook for 25 to 30 minutes until caramel is golden brown and apples are tender in the middle. Pour batter on apples and carefully spread leaving a slight border of apples with no batter, this will help in demolding the cake. Place on a tray and bake in the oven for 25 to 30 minutes, until cake is goldenbrown and delicious and a tester comes out with some crumbs stuck to it. Cool on a rack 15 minutes before demolding on a large plate.nFor the Batter: Mix the first 4 dry ingredients together. In a mixer with a paddle on high speed, cream the butter with the sugar until pale in color and fluffy. Add the vanilla, ginger and 1 egg and incorporate. Add the second egg and incorporate well. Add the yogurt, mix well, then turn mixer to slow and add the dry mix. Mix only until combined, do not over mix.nFor the Star Anise Caramel Sauce: In a pan, gently heat the star anise with the calvados until a 50 percent reduction is achieved. Remove star anise. In a nonreactive, thick pan, mix sugar and water together and bring up to a simmer on medium heat. Cook until golden brown, then slowly add the infused calvados. Mix well then whisk in the cream. Be careful, mixture will boil rapidly. Reserve warm.nPLATING Slice the cake and place on a plate. Drizzle caramel sauce all over. May serve with some whipped cream if desired., ingredients: [34 cup 6 ounces unsalted butter, 34 cup sugar, 5 golden delicious apples, peeled, cored and quartered, 23 cup chopped pecans, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon five spice powder, 38 cup 3 ounces unsalted butter, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 2 large eggs, 12 cup yogurt, 2 star anise, 12 cup calvados, 2 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 14 cup heavy cream], title: PecanYogurt Apple Cake with Star Anise Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 17973: {instructions: Adjust the oven racks to the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush a 12cup Bundt pan liberally with 4 tablespoons melted butter.nCombine the cheese, garlic, and herbs in a small bowl. Set aside.nOpen the biscuit cans and separate each biscuit. Roll the biscuits into balls. Dip each ball into the 12 cup melted butter, then into the cheeseherb mixture, making sure that the whole ball is covered. Place into the prepared pan. Repeat with the remaining biscuits until you have filled the pan with butterandherbcovered balls of dough. The balls of dough will overlap.nPlace in the oven and bake for 35 minutes. Cool in the pan then turn out onto a cake pedestal. Allow guests to use their hands to break off a roll to enjoy., ingredients: [12 cup butter, melted, plus 4 tablespoons, melted, for brushing, 1 cup finely grated Pecorino cheese, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 2 7 12 ounce cans storebought buttermilk biscuits], title: Holiday Wreath Rolls, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 17974: {instructions: Mix ginger and sugar in medium mixing bowl. Slowly whisk in soy sauce, sherry, and oil, then in garlic. Add shrimp and turn to coat all over marinade. Cover and marinate in refrigerator for at least 1 hour, or overnight. Heat large heavy nonstick skillet over moderately high heat for 1 minute. Add shrimp and marinade to skillet all at once and stirfry just until shrimp are pink 3 to 4 minutes. Serve shrimp hot, topped with a little of the marinade., ingredients: [1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon light brown sugar, 12 cup Japanese soy sauce, 14 cup dry sherry, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 large cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 1 12 pounds shelled and deveined raw shrimp or 2 12ounce packages frozen shelled and deveined raw shrimp], title: Marinated Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 17975: {instructions: Wash lentils. Bring plenty of water six cups with turmeric to a boil in a large saucepan and cook lentils until overdone and mushy, approximately 15 minutes.nIn a different saucepan, heat oil on medium heat. Add mustard seeds and curry leaves until seeds start to pop no more than 30 seconds. Add tomatoes and fry for about three minutes. Add onions, garlic, methi leaves, curry powder, salt, chili powder and sugar. Add mashed lentils and boil for five minutes. Add one cup of water to dilute to curry consistency.nRemove from heat and add garam masala. Sprinkle with chopped cilantro before serving. Serve with chapatis, roti or rice., ingredients: [2 cups channa daal yellow split peas, 14 tsp. turmeric, 4 Tbs. vegetable oil, 1 tsp. black mustard seeds, 6 curry leaves, 2 medium tomatoes, 3 Tbs. fried onions, 1 tsp. crushed garlic, 12 tsp. methi leaves, 1 tsp. curry powder, 12 tsp. chili powder, 2 tsp. sugar, 1 cup water, 12 tsp. garam masala, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped optional], title: Daal Curry, picturelink: null}, 17976: {instructions: Wash beans and soak overnight in water.nRemove coconut from husk and finely grate. Add water and squeeze through a strainer. Set aside the coconut and coconut milk.nIn a stock pot, add oil and heat. Add beans, garlic and onion. When beans are cooked, add the coconut milk, scallion, thyme, salt, pepper and bring to a boil.nAdd the rice and stir with a fork so beans are evenly distributed throughout rice. Add butter. Cover and simmer for 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 pound dry red kidney beans, 1 whole coconut, 4 cups water, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 clove garlic, 12 onion, 1 scallion, crushed, 1 sprig thyme, 12 stick butter, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups rice], title: Rice and Peas, picturelink: null}, 17977: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPress pie crust into the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch, removablebottom tart pan or 9inch pie pan. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine spinach, stirfried vegetables and place on top of uncooked crust. In another bowl combine ricotta, cheddar, milk, eggs, Dijon, oregano, salt, and black pepper. Mix well. Spoon cheese mixture on top of vegetable mixture in prepared pie crust and top with Parmesan.nBake 20 minutes, until a knife inserted near the center comes out clean and crust is golden brown., ingredients: [1 9inch refrigerated pie crust, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, 1 cup cooked stirfried vegetables, 1 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 34 cup grated Cheddar, 14 cup low fat milk, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan], title: Mixed Vegetable Quiche with Cheddar and Parmesan, picturelink: 2lWfg3wt5b3SGU47wT7CPD6eJi0bu1a}, 17978: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken and pasta: Remove 4 to 5 chipotle peppers and a bit of adobo sauce from the can and rub it all over the chicken measure out 2 tablespoons of the adobo sauce and set aside for later reserve any remaining chiles and adobo sauce from the can for another use. Rest the chicken in a bowl or on a plate for 2 hours total, refrigerated first for 1 12 hours, then at room temperature for an additional 30 minutes.nIn a large pot, add the garlic, chicken and the chipotle peppers from the marinade. Add just enough water to cover, then bring to a boil on medium high. Once boiling, turn the heat to the lowest setting and poach the chicken until cooked through, about 15 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate and rest reserve the poaching water for cooking the pasta. Fish out the peppers and discard them place the garlic cloves in a large bowl and smash them with the back of a spoon or your hands. Once the chicken is cool enough to touch, shred it by hand into bitesize pieces.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Use the butter or cooking spray to coat the bottom and sides of a 13by9inch casserole dish.nIn the same pot used to poach the chicken, add more water to the poaching water and a nice pinch of salt and bring the pot back to a boil watch the water it may foam up a bit from the poaching process. Add the pasta and cook 1 minute less than the package suggests. Drain the pasta in a colander.nFor the sauce: In the large bowl with the garlic, add the heavy cream, cheese, crema, flour, pepper, scallions, eggs, reserved 2 tablespoons adobo sauce, shredded chicken and cooked pasta. Stir to combine. Pour into the prepared dish.nFor the topping: In a medium bowl, toss together the crushed chips and cheese. Sprinkle this mixture evenly over the dish. Bake, uncovered, until golden brown on top, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [One 7ounce can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, split, 3 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon butter or butterflavored cooking spray, for coating the casserole dish, Kosher salt, 16 ounces penne pasta, 4 cups heavy cream, 16 ounces shredded cheese blend Mexican or taco blend, 1 13 cups Mexican crema, 2 tablespoons allpurpose or wheat flour, 18 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 4 scallions, white and green parts, finely chopped, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup crushed corn tortilla chips just about the texture of sand, 8 ounces shredded cheese blend Mexican or taco blend], title: Sunnys Easy Chipotle Chicken Baked Mac and Cheese, picturelink: 8wyXVeTHIplC2R9k5X522aYL6Pr2lwW}, 17979: {instructions: Combine the orange juice, honey, vanilla, ginger and salt in a pot and reduce over mediumhigh heat to 12 to 34 cup depending on the desired consistency, 10 to 15 minutes. You will know the full thickness of the syrup when it cools, so it is best to set up an ice bath with a stainless bowl over it to cool the mixture when it is finished reducing., ingredients: [4 cups orange juice, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 1 thin slice ginger, Pinch kosher salt], title: Vanilla Orange Syrup, picturelink: null}, 17980: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nCook sausage in a medium saute pan until golden brown and fat has rendered. Remove the sausage with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Add the onion and carrot to the pan and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute.nPlace the beans in a large bowl, stir in the cooked onion mixture, rum, honey, molasses, sugar, and cooked chorizo. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the mixture to a casserole or baking dish and pour 3 cups of the stock over. Bake the beans, covered, for 20 minutes. Check to see if the mixture is dry and add more stock, if needed. Continue baking an additional 20 minutes. Uncover and bake for 15 minutes, remove from the oven, and fold in the cilantro, if using. Let sit for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 pound chorizo sausage, diced, 1 large Spanish onion, finely diced, 1 large carrot, diced, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 pound black beans, soaked, cooked until tender and drained well, 1 cup dark rum, 18 cup honey, or more to taste, 18 cup molasses, or more to taste, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 to 5 cups homemade chicken stock or lowsodium canned chicken broth, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, optional], title: HoneyRum Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 17981: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Beat shortening, sugar, brown sugar and vanilla extract in large bowl on medium speed of electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add peanut butter, eggs and water mix well.nCOMBINE flour, baking soda and salt in large bowl. Stir in oats. Gradually add to peanut butter mixture until well blended. Stir in chocolate chips. candy coated chocolate pieces and coconut. Cover and chill 30 minutes.nDROP by heaping tablespoonfuls, 2 inches apart, onto ungreased cookie sheets. Flatten to 2inch circles. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until light brown around edges. Cool 2 minutes before removing to wire rack to cool completely.nVARIATIONnJUMBO PEANUT BUTTER MONSTER COOKIES: Prepare cookie dough as directed above. Drop by 14cupfuls, 3 inches apart, onto ungreased cookie sheets. Flatten to 3inch circles. Bake 13 to 15 minutes or until light brown around edges. Makes 1 12 dozen., ingredients: [12 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 12 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 23 cup sugar, 23 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 cup Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 2 large eggs, 14 cup water, 12 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 cup miniature or regular colorful candy coated chocolate pieces, 2 tsps. baking soda, 12 tsp. salt, 4 cups quick rolled oats, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup flaked coconut optional], title: Peanut Butter Monster Cookies, picturelink: T6v20KGN0QzXZUU7HQOoG0XRr7g.lC}, 17982: {instructions: Combine the juice, cranberries, ginger, orange peel studded with cloves, cinnamon, and cider in a medium saucepan over low heat. Bring to a low simmer and steep the mixture for about 15 minutes. Discard the orange peel and cloves and pour into mugs to serve., ingredients: [2 cups allnatural cranberry juice, 1 cup whole cranberries, fresh or frozen, 1 1inch ginger root, peeled, A long curl orange peel, 2 whole cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 quart cloudy organic apple cider], title: Mulled CranCider, picturelink: null}, 17983: {instructions: In a 3quart pot, preheat 4inches oil to 375 degrees F.nIn a shallow bowl, combine flours, cayenne, paprika, salt, and white pepper. Pour the buttermilk into another shallow dish.nToss the onion rings in the flour mixture and shake off excess flour. Add to buttermilk mixture and make sure the rings are thoroughly coated. With a clean hand, add rings to flour mix again and shake off any excess flour.nBegin to fry in preheated oil in small batches, 14 of total amount at a time. Cook onion rings for about 3 to 5 minutes, turning occasionally with metal tongs or slotted spoon, until crispy and browned. Drain on paper towels and keep in warm place low oven, about 200 degrees F until ready to serve. Sprinkle with extra salt, if needed.nIn a heavybottomed saucepan, sweat onions and garlic in olive oil until translucent. Add peppers and vegetable stock and stew until 12 of stock has evaporated. Add spices and chiles. Cover with vinegar and wine. Allow to cook, uncovered, until most of the liquid has evaporated. Let cool, then puree in a food processor, and season with pepper and salt, to taste.nYield: 3 cups Preparation Time: 30 minutes Cooking Time: 1 hour, ingredients: [1 12 quarts vegetable oil, 1 cup instant flour, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon paprika, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 cups buttermilk, 4 Vidalia onions or other sweet onion, such as Maui, cut into 14inch thick slices and separated into rings, Fire roasted red pepper ketchup, recipe follows, 1 large onion, cut into small dice, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 12 pounds red peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded, and roughly chopped, 2 cups vegetable stock, 12 teaspoon dry mustard powder, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground mace, 1 tablespoon minced hot red chiles, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup dry red wine, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Salt], title: Crispy Vidalia Onion Rings in Buttermilk Batter, picturelink: null}, 17984: {instructions: For the turnovers: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the cumin seeds into a small skillet over medium heat and toast them until they are aromatic, about 30 seconds. Put into a bowl along with the flour and salt and stir to combine. Add 3 tablespoons oil and 14 cup water and begin kneading, adding a little more water if there is excess flour and it seems too dry. Continue to knead the dough until it is smooth and soft. Cover loosely with a towel and set aside.nHeat the remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until soft and golden, about 3 minutes. Add the fenugreek seeds and garam masala and continue to stir and cook for 2 minutes. Add the spinach and season with salt. Stir until the spinach has wilted, and then transfer into a large bowl. Let cool, and then crumble the paneer into it. Stir gently to combine.nCut the dough into 6 pieces and roll each one out into a very thin circle, like a tortilla. Cut into 3 even strips and brush the edges with a bit of water. Place a tablespoon of filling in the center of each strip. Fold the dough over the filling and then seal tightly. Place the turnovers onto a lightly oiled or nonstick baking sheet and bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, for the chutney: Put the basil, ginger, vinegar, cardamom, FiveSpice Blend, chili, mango, lime juice, salt and sugar in a blender and pulse until smooth. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator until serving.nServe the turnovers with the mango and basil chutney.nToast the peppercorns in a hot pan until they are aromatic, about 1 minute. Put into an electric spice grinder along with the star anise, cloves and fennel seeds and process into a powder. Add the cinnamon and process for a few seconds to combine. Store in an airtight jar., ingredients: [1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 cups allpurpose flour, A pinch of salt, 6 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon fenugreek seeds, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 pound spinach leaves, chopped, 1 cup homemade paneer or feta cheese, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon FiveSpice Blend, recipe follows, 1 small red chili, minced, 1 mango, peeled and pit removed, Juice of 12 lime, A pinch salt, A pinch sugar, 2 teaspoons mixed peppercorns, 8 whole star anise, 1 teaspoon whole cloves, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Spinach and Paneer Turnovers with Mango Basil Chutney, picturelink: null}, 17985: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Grease the bottom and sides of an 8by8inch baking pan with the cooking spray.nPlace the cookies in a food processor and grind into fine crumbs. Reserve 12 cup of the crumbs for a later use.nPlace the remaining crumbs in a bowl and stir in the melted butter and salt. Press the mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan evenly and transfer to the refrigerator to chill while you prepare the brownies.nFor the filling: Place the chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan filled with 1 inch of water to make a double boiler. Set the double boiler over medium heat and stir to melt. Set aside to cool slightly.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the melted chocolate mixture, the flour, granulated sugar, brown sugar, cocoa powder, salt, vanilla and eggs. Fold in the white chocolate chips, and then pour the batter into the chilled crust. Bake until set, 28 to 30 minutes.nTransfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nSprinkle the reserved cookie crumbs over the finished brownie dish. Tuck the gummy worms on and into the cookie crumb dirt. Cut the brownies into squares to serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 26 chocolate sandwich cookies, such as Oreos, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 12 cup white chocolate chips, 1 cup gummy worms, for topping], title: Mudslide Critter Bars, picturelink: SemSq1U8.Bube.ZlJnxkpJgYsH7XmVy}, 17986: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash the spinach in several changes of water to get rid of any grit. Drain the spinach but keep some of the water clinging to the leaves. Heat the butter and oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the spinach and garlic. Cook, turning frequently, until the spinach has wilted down evenly. Remove the garlic and put the spinach into a colander and let it drain well. Press out as much liquid as you can from the leaves and chop them coarsely.nHeat the skillet again over mediumhigh heat and add the cream and nutmeg cook until it reduces a bit, about 5 minutes. Add the spinach and parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the spinach is hot, about 5 more minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 pounds spinach, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, lightly smashed, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamed Spinach, picturelink: VF3TKYGSgHJ0uFtudMgVSw90cWEnXm}, 17987: {instructions: Make the batter: place the rice flour, coconut milk, water, turmeric, sugar, salt, curry powder and scallions in a bowl and stir well to blend. Set aside.nMake the filling: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add 14 each of the onion, the pork and the shrimp and stir until fragrant, about 15 seconds. Whisk the batter well, and ladle about 23 cup into the pan. Swirl so the batter completely covers the surface. Neatly pile about 1 cup bean sprouts and 12 cup mushrooms on one side of the crepe, closer to the center than to the edge. Reduce the heat slightly, cover the pan and cook until the edges pull away from the sides of the pan, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low. Uncover and cook until the crepe is crisp and the pork and shrimp are done, another 2 to 3 minutes. Slip a spatula under the crepe to check on the bottom of the crepe. If its not brown, cook for another 1 to 2 minutes.nLift the side of the crepe without the bean sprouts and mushrooms and fold it over the covered side of the crepe. Using a spatula, gently slide the crepe onto a large plate. Wipe the pan clean and make the remaining crepes in the same way. Be sure to oil the pan before beginning the next crepe.nTo serve, place the crepes, Vietnamese Dipping Sauce and some lettuces, mustard leaves, and herbs on the table. To eat, tear a piece of the banh xeo and wrap the lettuce or mustard leaves and herbs. Roll into a packet, then dip into the sauce and eat.nCut the chiles into thin rings. Remove onethird of the chiles and set aside for garnish. Place the remaining chiles, garlic, and sugar into a mortar and pound into a coarse, wet paste. Transfer to a small bowl and add the water, lime juice, and fish sauce. Stir well to dissolve. Add the reserved chiles and carrots. Set aside for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 cups rice flour, 12 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 2 13 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon curry powder Recommended: Vietnamese GoldenBells brand, 3 scallions cut into thin rings, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 yellow onion, thinly sliced 12 cup, 4 ounces pork shoulder or chicken breast, thinly sliced, 12 medium raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 cups bean sprouts, 2 cups sliced white mushrooms, lightly Sauteed and drained, 1 cup Vietnamese Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 3 Thai bird chiles or 1 serrano chile, or to taste, 1 clove garlic, sliced, 3 tablespoons sugar, 23 cup warm water, 1 12 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 5 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons finely shredded carrots for garnish, optional], title: Sizzling Saigon Crepes, picturelink: null}, 17988: {instructions: Combine all ingredients well, using your fingers to toss and coat the carrots thoroughly. Transfer to a travel container or serving dish. As the salad sits, the raisins will plump a bit and carrots will take on citrus taste., ingredients: [Two 10ounce bags shredded carrots, available from the produce department, 1 cup 3 handfuls raisins, 2 tablespoons poppy seeds available in the spice aisle, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 oranges, juiced, 12 cup 2 handfuls light brown sugar, Salt], title: Carrot Raisin Salad, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 17989: {instructions: In a large skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until crisp. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain. Let cool.nIn a medium serving bowl, combine the bacon, peas, cheese, and eggs. Stir in the mayonnaise, lemon juice, and salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 1 10ounce package frozen peas, thawed and drained, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 2 hardcooked eggs, peeled and chopped, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: English Pea Salad, picturelink: null}, 17990: {instructions: Mix together in a tall glass with plenty of ice. Garnish with pickle spear., ingredients: [4 oz. Stirrings Bloody Mary Cocktail Mixer, 1 oz. pickle juice, 1.5 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, 1 spears pickle, 1 cups ice], title: Zesty Bloody Mary, picturelink: vwzgo6q5i278h7kXueNO6Lq6gRRflCS}, 17991: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread half the chips out in a large shallow casserole dish or on an ovenproof platter. Top with half the beans, in small spoonfuls, and scatter with half the chiles. Repeat with the remaining chips, beans, and chiles. Sprinkle the top of the nachos with the cheese. Bake until heated through and the cheese melts, about 3 to 5 minutes. Top the nachos with dollops of the sour cream and serve.nPour the oil into a large heavybottomed pot to a depth of about 2 inches. Place a deepfrying thermometer in the pot. Heat the oil over medium heat to 360 degrees F.nMeanwhile, stack the tortillas, and cut the pile into sixths to make chips.nRaise the heat to high. Working in batches, fry the chips, turning them with a skimmer or slotted spoon, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the chips to a paper towellined pan to drain. Return the oil to the proper temperature between batches. Cool and season with salt. Serve.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush both sides of the tortillas with the oil. Stack the tortillas and cut the pile into sixths to make chips. Spread the chips out in a single layer on two large baking sheets and season with salt. Bake until golden brown and crisp, rotating the baking sheets once, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve.nIn a small bowl, mash twothirds of the beans with a fork or potato masher. Reserve the whole beans separately.nIn a medium skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat and add the onion. Cook until lightly browned, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring for 1 to 2 minutes more. Add the spices and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute more. Add the mashed beans and half the broth and cook, stirring frequently until thickened, about 5 minutes. Add the whole beans and the remaining broth and simmer about 4 to 5 minutes more until thickened but not pasty. Season with the salt and pepper, and stir in the fresh coriander, if desired. Serve., ingredients: [8 ounces homemade white corn tortilla chips, fried or baked, recipes follow, 1 12 cups refried beans, warmed, recipe follows, 2 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded, and diced, 2 to 4 canned, pickled jalapeno chiles, stemmed and thinly sliced crosswise, 1 cup finely shredded Monterey Jack cheese about 4 ounce, 12 cup sour cream, Vegetable oil for frying, 12 6inch corn tortillas preferably white, Fine salt, Twelve 6inch corn tortillas preferably white, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Fine salt, One 15 12ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh coriander leaves cilantro optional], title: Nachos, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 17992: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the top position in the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Toss the onions, celery, carrots and garlic with the oil and 1 teaspoon salt on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast until the vegetables are charred in some places, 25 to 30 minutes.nBring the roasted vegetables, 1 cup water, mushrooms, thyme, sundried tomatoes, soy sauce, bay leaf and 1 teaspoon salt to a simmer in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid is gone, 8 to 10 minutes. Add 6 cups water and 12 teaspoon salt, and bring back to a simmer. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, and gently simmer until reduced by about one third, about 45 minutes. Strain the stock through a strainer into a large liquid measuring cup, use the back of a ladle to squeeze all the liquid out of the solids there should be about 4 cups of stock. If not making gravy right away, let the stock cool to room temperature, then refrigerate for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 1 month.nTo make the gravy, warm the stock slightly in a medium saucepan if it has been refrigerated. Melt the butter in another medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the sage leaves, and stir for 30 seconds remove and set aside. Add the flour to the saucepan, and stir until smooth and lightly golden, about 2 minutes. Slowly pour in the warm stock while whisking constantly until smooth and thick, 8 to 10 minutes.nChop up the fried sage, stir it into the gravy along with the parsley and season to taste with pepper., ingredients: [1 medium onion, quartered, 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 1 medium carrot, roughly chopped, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 1 ounce dried shiitake mushrooms about 1 heaping cup, 6 sprigs thyme, 2 sundried tomatoes, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 dried bay leaf, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 fresh sage leaves, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Vegetarian Gravy, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 17993: {instructions: For the cheese spread: In a small bowl, whisk together the cream cheese, sugar, and chopped hazelnuts until fluffy and evenly blended. Cover and refrigerate until serving.nFor the plantains: Use 12 tablespoon of the butter to thoroughly grease a 9 inch round glass pie dish. Peel the plantain and slice it 14 inch thick on the diagonal. In a small skillet, heat the butter over medium heat and saute the plantain for 2 or 3 minutes per side, until softened and golden. Distribute the plantain evenly on the bottom of the pie dish and set aside.nFor the batter: Preheat the oven to 325.nIn a large bowl, cream the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well between each addition. Peel the bananas and, in a medium bowl, mash them together with a fork, then mix in the milk and the walnuts. In another bowl, mix together the flour, salt, baking soda, and baking powder. First add the banana mixture to the creamed butter mixture, then fold in the flour mixture, stirring only until all the flour has disappeared.nTo make the bread: Scoop the batter into the pie dish on top of the plantains and bake on the middle shelf of the oven for 45 to 50 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. The cake will be a nice deep golden brown. Cool the pan on a rack for 10 to 15 minutes, then turn out upside down and slice for serving, warm or at room temperature. Pass the hazelnut cheese spread., ingredients: [12 cups cream cheese, whipped, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 12 cup hazelnuts, toasted see Note, and finely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large, ripe plantain, 14 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 1 12 ripe bananas, 12 tablespoon milk, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder], title: Sweet Plantain Bread, picturelink: null}, 17994: {instructions: Looks like: Crab CakesnCut two individualsize 4ounce cartons of vanilla ice cream in half crosswise to make 4 disks freeze 30 minutes. Pulse 2 cups white bread cubes and 2 cups shredded coconut in a food processor, then spread on a plate. Remove the cartons and press the ice cream into the crumb mixture, covering all sides reserve the remaining crumbs. Freeze until hard, 1 hour. Meanwhile, make the tartar sauce below. Dip the disks in 3 beaten eggs, then press in the reserved crumbs and freeze at least 1 more hour. Heat 3 inches of vegetable oil to 350 degrees F in a deep skillet and fry the ice cream until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels, then eat immediately.nFor the April Fools Tartar Sauce: PistachioWhite Chocolate Sauce:nLooks like: Tartar SaucenMicrowave 14 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces chopped white chocolate, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons rum, the grated zest of 12 lime and 12 orange, and 2 tablespoons chopped pistachios at 50 percent power, 1 minute. Whisk until creamy, then let cool.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: April Fools Crab Cakes: Fried Ice Cream, picturelink: T.LRekhBFnNtU7jSrY0nvlJfh5Cvxbi}, 17995: {instructions: Add the green beans to a large pot of boiling salted water. Cook until bright green, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove green beans from the boiling water and plunge into ice water to stop the cooking. Drain well.nIn a large heavy skillet, melt butter. Saute the shallot over medium heat until soft. Add red pepper flakes, salt, pepper and green beans. Toss together cooking for a minute more. Add the white wine and tomato and cook until the wine has reduced about 3 minutes. Add the basil and season with salt and pepper, to taste, ingredients: [2 pounds green beans, ends trimmed, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 large shallot, chopped, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup white wine, 1 medium tomato, diced, 2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves, chiffonade], title: Basil and Tomato Green Beans, picturelink: jgQQUbhgk92lKhQX50u2hadJwNVu6.}, 17996: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the bottom of a 9inch square baking pan with a foil strip long enough to overhang on 2 opposite sides. Spray the foil lightly with cooking spray set aside.nWhisk together the flour, oats, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl set aside. Whisk the butter, egg, brown sugar and applesauce in a large bowl until combined. Add the dry ingredients to the wet and mix until barely mixed. Stir in the chocolate chips.nSpread the batter in the prepared baking pan. Bake until the cake is light brown around the edges and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool on a rack for 15 minutes. Use the foil overhang to lift the cake out of the pan and let cool completely on the rack. Invert onto a plate and peel the foil off. Reinvert the cake onto a cutting board, cut into 12 pieces and serve., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 34 cup rolled oats, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, 1 large egg, 34 cup packed light brown sugar See Cooks Note, 12 cup unsweetened applesauce, 34 cup semisweet mini chocolate chips], title: Kids Can Make: OatmealChocolate Snack Cakes, picturelink: H0FvjAoCZzzJtDQqbN5JfbIBFCVQ76y}, 17997: {instructions: Cut the duck skin and fat into small pieces and put in a saucepan with 1 cup water. Bring to a simmer and cook until the fat is melted and the skin is brown and crisp, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Scoop out the duckskin cracklings, drain on paper towels and season with salt. Reserve the duck fat.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat 3 tablespoons duck fat or olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown the cabbage in batches, about 1 minute per side transfer to a baking dish. Drizzle with 1 to 2 tablespoons duck fat or olive oil, season with salt and toss. Roast until crisp on top, about 15 minutes, then turn the wedges and roast until the other side is crisp, about 8 more minutes. Sprinkle with the duckskin cracklings and roast 2 more minutes. Drizzle with the vinegar.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 cup duck skin and fat, Kosher salt, 1 large head savoy cabbage, cut into 8 wedges, 1 to 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Crisp Roasted Cabbage, picturelink: FKlkt21ssS7gXI1am2sjlHlfsuiZyi}, 17998: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 6 cups hickory wood chips soaked in water for 30 minutes, then drained small aluminum traynPlace the pork butt on a rimmed sheet tray. Whisk together the brown sugar, dry mustard, salt, paprika, chili powder, garlic powder, black pepper, cayenne and celery seed together in a small bowl to blend. Rub the mixture all over the pork butt. Cover with plastic wrap and let marinate for at least 1 hour at room temperature or up to overnight in the fridge. Let come to room temperature for 1 hour before smoking.nFill a small aluminum tray with the drained wood chips. Place the tray under the far left grill grates. Heat your grill to mediumhigh heat and heat for 20 minutes. The chips should start to ignite and smoke. Turn the far right burner off after 20 minutes.nPlace the pork fatside up on the far right on the grill grates over the unlit burner. Cover the grill and cook until tender and a fork can easily twist in the meat with no resistance, about 7 12 hours, maintaining a temperature of 275 to 300 degrees F. The internal temperature should reach 190 degrees F. You will need to add a handful of chips to the tray every few hours.nRemove the pork from the grill to a baking sheet and let rest for 30 minutes. Shred with forks and season the meat lightly with salt. Serve on soft white buns and topped with Sweet and Tangy Vinegar Slaw.nWhisk together the apple cider vinegar, canola oil, mayonnaise, mustard, sugar and celery seeds in a large bowl. Add the carrots, cabbage and shallots and toss all together. Top with salt and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour so the cabbage softens and the flavors all marry together., ingredients: [One 5pound pork butt, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon dry mustard powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon celery seeds, Soft white buns, for serving, Sweet and Tangy Vinegar Slaw, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 2 carrots, peeled and grated on the large eye of a box grater, 1 small 1 12 pound head green cabbage, cored, quartered and sliced into ribbons, 2 tablespoons peeled and grated shallot on large eye of a box grater, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Pork Butt Sandwiches, picturelink: 3ZMTgkyUXCLNyJsHPBMRf8JjFa9CTAW}, 17999: {instructions: To make the crust: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLine a buttered 8inch square glass baking dish with 2 18 by 6inch sheets of foil, overlapping them in opposite directions so that there is overhang on all 4 sides.nPulse together flour, cornmeal, confectioners sugar, salt, and butter in a food processor until mixture resembles coarse meal. Press onto bottom of baking dish and 1inch up sides. Bake in middle of oven until golden brown, about 20 minutes.nTo make the filling while crust bakes. Whisk together eggs, sugar, flour, and zests. Whisk in juices, milk, and a pinch of salt. Toss blueberries with jam in another bowl.nWhisk egg mixture and immediately pour into hot crust, then bake until just set, about 17 minutes. Gently spoon berries evenly over top and bake 2 minutes more. Transfer baking dish to a rack and cool.nChill, covered, overnight 8 hours. Use foil to lift dessert out of dish, then cut into squares., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup yellow cornmeal, 6 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick 12 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 3 large eggs, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest, 12 teaspoon finely grated fresh lime zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons whole milk, Pinch salt, 2 cups blueberries 10 ounces, 3 tablespoons apricot jam, heated and strained], title: LemonLime Blueberry Squares, picturelink: null}}