{18300: {instructions: With a box grater, grate 2 peach halves into a pitcher. Finely dice the remaining peaches, adding to the pitcher, along with the rum and vanilla bean. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours, more than that and the vanilla becomes too potent. Add the ginger ale and serve.nCopyright 2004 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [2 ripe peaches, about 8 ounces, halved and pitted, 1 cup good quality dark rum, 14 vanilla bean, 5 cups cold ginger ale], title: Peach Punch, picturelink: null}, 18301: {instructions: Preheat outdoor grill or preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nShuck corn. If desired, leave husks attached to cob to use as holders.nIn a small bowl, combine softened butter, chili powder, and cheese sauce mix or powdered cheese packet.nSpread butter on corn and wrap each ear individually in foil.nPlace on grill and close lid or place in the oven. Cook 25 to 30 minutes, turning every 5 minutes, or until corn is tender. Remove foil and serve., ingredients: [6 ears corn, 1 stick butter, softened, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 packet creamy cheese sauce mix or powdered cheese packet from boxed macaroni and cheese], title: Cheesy BBQd CornontheCob, picturelink: null}, 18302: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the flour and salt in a food processor and pulse a few times. Scatter the butter and lard over the top of the flour and pulse until the mixture forms large crumbs. Add the water, a few tablespoons at a time, and pulse until the dough just comes together. Divide into 2 equal pieces, flatten each half into a disk, wrap in plastic and refrigerate until chilled through, at least 1 hour.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll 1 of the disks into a 16inch round. Reserve the other disk for another purpose. It will keep in the freezer, double wrapped in plastic wrap then single wrapped in foil for up to 4 months. Fit the dough into a 2inch deepdish tart pan with a removable bottom, gently pressing it into the sides. Using a sharp knife, trim the dough evenly with the edge of the pan. Cover with plastic wrap and chill until firm, about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the tart pan on a baking sheet, line the dough with parchment and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until lightly golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove the weights and paper and continue baking until golden brown, about 10 minutes longer. Let cool slightly not all the way on a baking rack.nPut the jalapenos, cilantro, garlic, pine nuts and oil in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Pulse until the mixture has a pestolike consistency you want a bit of texture. Add the cheese and salt and pepper, to taste, and pulse a few times to distribute the cheese.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the chorizo and cook until golden brown. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Let cool slightly.nScatter the fontina, Cotija, green onions, chorizo and thyme over the warm tart shell. Whisk the eggs in a large bowl. Add the milk and cream and whisk until smooth. Pour into the shell and evenly distribute the goat cheese over the top. Bake until the crust is deep golden brown and the center is almost set still slightly jiggles but the sides are set, about 40 to 50 minutes. Let sit at room temperature for at least 20 minutes before serving. Cut into wedges and drizzle jalapeno pesto over the top., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 sticks cold butter, cut into cubes, 5 tablespoons cold lard, cut into cubes, 23 cup ice water, 6 jalapenos, roasted and seeded do not remove blistered skin, 1 12 cups tightly packed cilantro leaves, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, Extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 pound Mexican chorizo, casings removed, 1 12 cups grated fontina cheese, 14 cup finely grated Cotija cheese, 2 to 3 green onions, dark and pale green part thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 10 large eggs, 1 34 cups milk, 1 34 cups heavy cream, 4 ounces soft goat cheese, frozen for 10 minutes and cut into 12inch pieces], title: Chorizo and Goat Cheese Quiche, picturelink: yNkfAMyIxg1Nh1PcxzMOq3tpcefwHbu}, 18303: {instructions: Add ingredients to tall icefilled tumbler. Top with soda or seltzer. Garnish with mint leaves and orange wheel.nGINGER SYRUP: Ginger syrup is simple syrup infused with fresh peeled ginger. Take equal parts water and sugar and add a 1 inch piece sliced, heated with the sugar and water while they are being melted together. Allow to steep together for a few hours while cooling, then remove the ginger and refrigerate., ingredients: [2 ounces mango nectar, 1 12 ounces ginger syrup recipe follows, Soda or seltzer for finishing the drink, Mint leaves, for garnish, Orange wheels, for garnish], title: MangoGinger Soda, picturelink: null}, 18304: {instructions: Unwrap dessert cups and toast each side on grill.nIn a bowl, combine the vanilla pudding cups, whipped topping and thawed mixed berries. Stir to combine.nSpoon berry cream mixture into dessert cups and garnish with fresh berries and strawberry syrup., ingredients: [8 store bought sponge cake dessert cups, 3 vanilla pudding snack cups, 12 cup whipped topping, 34 cup frozen mixed berries, thawed, Fresh boysenberries, for garnish, Strawberry syrup], title: Very Berry Cream Cups, picturelink: null}, 18305: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a sharp chefs knife, cut away the peel and the white part or pith from the grapefruit. Carefully cut inside the skin of each segment to remove each section of flesh. Squeeze the membranes over a bowl to extract all the juice. Whisk the honey and mint into the juice and set dressing aside.nArrange the grapefruit segments on a platter or in a shallow bowl and drizzle with some of the dressing., ingredients: [2 ruby red grapefruits, 2 tablespoons clover honey, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint], title: Grapefruit Salad with HoneyMint Dressing, picturelink: JKKxvurg7s4DXBIIqldJtb8GMHK8Rq}, 18306: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the potato, garlic, cayenne, nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, stirring, until the potatoes are well coated, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in 3 12 cups of water and bring to a simmer.nAdd the sweet potato, bring back to a simmer and cook until both potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes, adjusting the heat as needed to maintain a simmer. Remove from the heat and let cool at least 5 minutes. Carefully puree until smooth with a handheld immersion blender or in 2 to 3 batches in a blender do not fill the blender more than halfway full.nMeanwhile, combine the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and sliced garlic clove in a small skillet and heat over medium. Swirl the pan as the garlic becomes fragrant and turns golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the toasted garlic from the oil to a paper towellined plate. Reserve with garlic oil.nReheat the soup if necessary, and adjust the consistency and seasoning with additional water, salt and pepper. Stir in the butter off the heat right before serving.nServe hot and garnish with the toasted garlic, a drizzle of garlic oil and a sprinkle of parsley.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved.nNote: When blending hot liquid, first let it cool for 5 minutes or so, then transfer it to a blender, filling only halfway. Put the lid on, leaving one corner open. Cover the lid with a kitchen towel to catch splatters and pulse until smooth., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chopped sweet onion, 1 cup chopped peeled potato, 2 medium cloves garlic, 1 minced and 1 thinly sliced, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups diced peeled sweet potato, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Thinly sliced fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Spiced Sweet Potato and Garlic Soup, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 18307: {instructions: Pour the can of condensed milk in a medium saucepan and cook over low heat for about 45 minutes stirring frequently. Be careful not to burn as it sticks to the bottom of the pan.nAdd the crushed crackers to a food processor. Pour in the melted butter and pulse until it sticks together and the graham crackers get pulverized. Pour the graham cracker mixture into a 9inch spring form pan and press with your hands or a 1 cup measurer to evenly distribute on the bottom of the pan. Chill to set for about 15 minutes in the refrigerator.nPour the dulce de leche over the graham cracker base. Spread evenly. Slice the peeled bananas and arrange over the top covering the entire surface. Whip the cream until firm and spread over the top. Sprinkle top with cinnamon and grated chocolate. Serve., ingredients: [1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 2 cups crushed graham crackers, about 11 crackers, 1 stick butter 12 cup, melted, 2 large ripe bananas, 2 cups heavy cream, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, grated], title: Banoffee Pie, picturelink: null}, 18308: {instructions: Soak the applewood chips in water for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, cook the quinoa as the label directs.nDrain the applewood chips and scatter them in a foillined flameproof roasting pan. Place the pan over two burners and heat over mediumlow heat until the wood chips smoke, about 10 minutes. Place the salmon skinside down on a wire rack and carefully set the rack over the wood chips. Cover the roasting pan tightly with foil and cook over mediumlow heat until the salmon is just cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the salmon from the smoker and let it cool to room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove and discard the salmon skin, then flake the salmon with a fork and transfer to a large bowl. Add the quinoa, egg, scallions, flour, lemon zest, Urfa pepper and 1 teaspoon salt. Mix until well combined. Form the mixture into 6 patties, about 1 inch thick and 2 12 inches wide.nHeat the coconut oil in a large castiron pan over mediumhigh heat. Sear the patties until crispy and deep golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer the patties to a rack set on a baking sheet and bake until cooked through, about 12 minutes. Serve the croquettes with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [13 cup quinoa, 1 12 pounds centercut skinon salmon fillet, 1 large egg, beaten, 14 cup chopped scallions green parts only, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon Urfa pepper flakes or freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, Lemon wedges, for serving, Plus: 1 cup applewood chips], title: Quinoa and Salmon Croquettes, picturelink: rjld5np0HMRe3rZvuYTCiZ8gbI7bC}, 18309: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nMake deep 1inchlong cut with knife parallel to cutting board inside of each chicken breast half to form pocket. Combine cheese, bacon and basil in small bowl. Evenly stuff pockets with cheese mixture, then press edges together to seal. Brush chicken with olive oil, then dip in bread crumbs, turning to coat. Arrange chicken on baking sheets. Bake 20 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked.nMeanwhile, cook spinach, water and garlic in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until spinach is wilted. Stir in Sauce and heat through. To serve, arrange hot fettuccine on serving platter, then top with sauce mixture and chicken. Garnish, if desired, with additional chopped basil., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 114 lbs., 12 cup shredded fontina or mozzarella cheese about 2 oz., 2 slices bacon, crispcooked and crumbled, 2 Tbsp. finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 Tbsp. olive oil, 12 cup Italian seasoned dry bread crumbs, 4 cups baby spinach leaves, 2 Tbsp. water, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Four Cheese Rosa Sauce, 8 ounces fettuccine, cooked and drained], title: Fontina and BaconStuffed Chicken Breasts, picturelink: MycvZFzfNo7yQr3y4jQ8eWHrhy2hXky}, 18310: {instructions: Place the basil, cilantro, mint, jalapenos, garlic, shallots, lime juice, olive oil and some salt and pepper in the food processor. Pulse to finely chop and combine the sauce it should resemble a loose pesto. Store in an airtight container.nTo serve, preheat the broiler and bring a large pot of water to a boil. Brush the fish with oil and sprinkle with the seafood seasoning. Broil until opaque and brown at edges.nSalt the water and cook the pasta to al dente, reserving 1 cup of the starchy water before draining.nToss the pasta with half of the starchy water, the sauce and half of the flaked cooked fish. Taste to adjust the seasoning, and add more of the pasta water if the pasta is dry. Serve the pasta in shallow bowls topped with the remaining fish and some almonds., ingredients: [12 cup fresh basil, 12 cup packed fresh cilantro, 14 cup fresh mint, 2 to 3 jalapeno peppers, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, grated or chopped, 1 shallot, coarsely chopped, Juice of 1 lime, About 12 cup EVOO, plus more to brush the fish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds cod or other sustainable flaky but firm white fish, Seafood seasoning, 1 pound penne, Toasted slivered almonds, for garnish], title: Jalapeno Chermoula Penne and Flaked Fish, picturelink: 0wyePaildBb6nBqf14P4zh3Kdx68GB2}, 18311: {instructions: Mix 6 cups halved pitted Bing cherries with 2 tablespoons quickcooking tapioca, 34 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract and 2 tablespoons water. Pour into pie shell dot with 4 tablespoons butter.nPerfect AllButter PiecrustnPulse 3 12 cups flour, 14 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor. Add 1 diced stick cold butter process until combined. Add 2 more diced sticks cold butter pulse three times, or until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 1 tablespoon white or cider vinegar. Gradually pour in 13 cup ice water, pulsing about four times until combined. Turn out onto a clean surface and press into a cohesive dough without overworking you should see bits of butter. Wrap in plastic wrap and press into a 1inchthick disk refrigerate at least 1 hour before rolling out.nHow to Make a PienDivide the chilled dough in half roll 1 piece into a 12inch, 18inchthick circle on a lightly floured surface refrigerate the other piece.nRoll the dough onto a rolling pin, then unroll it into a 9inch glass pie plate, letting it hang over the edge add filling.nRoll out the other piece of dough and place over the filling press the crust edges together and trim, leaving a 1inch overhang. Roll up or pinch the overhang to seal.nPlace a foillined baking sheet on a rack in the lower third of the oven preheat to 450 degrees. Wrap an oiled, wide band of foil around the pie edge to protect the crust. Make slashes in the top of the crust chill for 30 minutes.nReduce the oven to 400 degrees. Bake the pie for 30 minutes. Remove the foil band, brush the crust with heavy cream and sprinkle with sugar. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes cool before slicing.nPhotograph by Karl Juengel, ingredients: [], title: Cherry Pie, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 18312: {instructions: Stir together first 5 ingredients in a small bowl until blended. Shape into a 4inch log wrap in plastic wrap, and chill until firm.nCombine chili powder and next 3 ingredients in a small bowl. Stir in olive oil to form a paste. Rub chili mixture on both sides of steaks.nCombine salt and 4 12 quarts water in a large Dutch oven. Bring water to a boil add asparagus. Cook 2 minutes or until crisptender drain. Plunge asparagus into ice water to stop the cooking process drain.nGather 5 asparagus spears into a bundle wrap with 1 slice of prosciutto. Repeat procedure with remaining asparagus and prosciutto. Set aside.nPreheat a gas grill according to manufacturers instructions.nPlace steaks on grill rack over direct high heat grill, covered with grill lid, 10 minutes, turning once. Turn off burners that are directly below steaks. Reduce heat to medium grill, covered with grill lid, 6 to 8 minutes or until done.nRemove steaks to serving plates top each steak immediately with 1 tablespoon of herb cheese log. Serve asparagus bundles with steaks. Garnish, if desired., ingredients: [4 tablespoons cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons minced fresh chives, 2 teaspoons minced fresh basil, 1 12 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 teaspoon ground red pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Four 12ounce ribeye steaks 1 to 1 12 inches thick, 1 tablespoon salt, 4 12 quarts water, 20 fresh asparagus spears about 12 pound, 4 slices prosciutto, Garnishes: fresh basil sprigs, lemon wedges], title: Grilled ChiliRubbed Ribeyes with Herb Cheese and Asparagus Bundles, picturelink: null}, 18313: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill to high.nBrush pork with oil, and then season it with salt and pepper. Set aside a few tablespoons of the Guava Glaze for brushing the cooked pork. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes per side, brushing frequently with the Guava Glaze. Remove from the grill, brush again with glaze and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice into 12inch thick slices, drizzle with the OrangeHabanero Mojo, and serve immediately.nWhisk jelly, mustard, and orange juice together in a small bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nHeat oil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add lime juice, orange juice, and habanero chile and bring to a boil. Cook until reduced by half. Whisk in the cilantro and cumin and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Drizzle over pork., ingredients: [2 pork tenderloins about 1 12 pounds each, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Guava Glaze, recipe follows, OrangeHabanero Mojo, recipe follows, 1 cup guava jelly, or apricot jam, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 3 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 habanero chile, seeded and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Pork Tenderloin a la Rodriguez with Guava Glaze and OrangeHabanero Mojo, picturelink: EB95ZPcJX5nHYX7coKymhB.rMQPhB6}, 18314: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 3 12inch round cookie cutternLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, mix together the cheese, sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice, and lemon zest until smooth. Stir in the blueberries.nUsing a 3 12inch round cookie cutter, cut the pie dough into 12 circles. Place the dough on the prepared baking sheet. Using a pastry brush, lightly brush the edges of the dough with the beaten egg. Place about 1 12 teaspoons of the cheese mixture in the center of the dough. Fold the dough in half to enclose the filling and pinch the edges to seal. Using the tines of a fork, gently crimp the sealed edges. Refrigerate for 10 minutes.nWhile the pastry is chilling: In a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer a cube of bread will brown in about 3 minutes. Fry the turnovers for 1 to 1 12 minutes until golden. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with sugar while still hot. Cool for at least 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus extra for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 13 cup fresh or frozen and thawed blueberries, 2 9inch refrigerated pie crusts, 1 egg, beaten, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Blueberry and Mascarpone Turnovers, picturelink: zpshsJ8IiC9tkUITFEVuik47vau6y}, 18315: {instructions: In a bowl, combine flour, pecans, baking powder, cinnamon, salt, ginger, and nutmeg.nIn a separate bowl, combine egg, brown sugar, milk, carrots, and vanilla mix well.nStir carrot mixture into dry ingredients until moistened. Pour batter by 14 cupful onto a greased hot griddle. Turn when bubbles form on the top of pancake flip and cook until golden brown.nFor topping, blend cream cheese, powdered sugar, milk, and vanilla until smooth. Sprinkle with cinnamon, and serve with pancakes., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons finely chopped pecans, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, Dash nutmeg, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 13 cup packed brown or granulated sugar, 1 cup milk, 2 cups finely grated carrots, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 ounces cream cheese, 14 powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 dash ground cinnamon], title: Carrot Pancakes with Cream Cheese Spread, picturelink: null}, 18316: {instructions: Make the crust: In a bowl combine the flour, sugar, salt and butter and blend the mixture until it resembles coarse meal. In a small bowl combine the egg white and ice water. Add liquid to dry ingredients and toss to combine. Form dough into ball and chill 1 hour.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out dough into a round 18inch thick and fit it into a 9inch pie plate, crimping the edge. Chill 1 hour more.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Prick bottom and sides of shell, fit it with a round of wax paper and weight it with rice or beans. Bake shell for 15 minutes. Remove foil and bake for an additional 10 minutes. In a small bowl whisk together egg yolk with 14 teaspoon water and brush bottom and sides of shell with mixture. Return shell to oven and bake for 2 minutes more.nPreheat oven to 275 degrees F. In a bowl set over simmering water melt butter. Remove bowl from heat and whisk in sugar, salt, eggs, one at a time, corn syrup and vanilla. Return bowl to heat and stir until mixture is shiny and warm to the touch. Add finely ground pecans and chopped pecans. Bake in the oven for 50 to 60 minutes, or until center feels set, but still slightly soft. Cool at least 4 hours.nRecommended Wine: Australian Muscat, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 10 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 1 large egg, separated, 14 cup ice water, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, 34 cup light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup finely ground pecans, 1 cup chopped pecans], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: null}, 18317: {instructions: Render the bacon over low heat. When bacon is lightly crisp, strain through a chinois. In a small saucepan, sweat the onions and butter. Season with salt and pepper. Add the peas, bacon and garlic puree. If the mixture is dry, you may add a few drops of water. Season to taste., ingredients: [1ounce bacon, diced, 2 ounces pearl onions, sliced very thin, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper, 5 ounces peas, shucked, blanched and peeled approximately 1 pound in the pod, 1ounce garlic puree], title: Pea Fricassee, picturelink: null}, 18318: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl mix together sour cream, cream cheese, refried beans, onions and taco seasoning. Put mixture in an 8 by 8inch glass dish. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake for 20 minutes until cheese is melted. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [One 16ounce container sour cream, One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, One 16ounce can refried beans, 1 bunch green onions, chopped, 1 packet taco seasoning, 2 cups shredded Mexican Cheddar, Tortilla chips, as accompaniment], title: Bob Boones Bean Dip, picturelink: null}, 18319: {instructions: Place the ricotta in a strainer lined with cheesecloth over a bowl and let drain in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours. Discard liquid.nCombine the strained ricotta and shredded pork in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.nFill each squash blossom with the porkcheese mixture and twist the top of the blossom to secure the filling while frying.nFill a large, heavy saucepan halfway with oil and heat on the stove until the temperature reaches 360 degrees F.nDredge each filled squash blossom in the rice batter to coat completely. Fry the squash blossoms in batches until lightly golden brown, turning once. Drain on a plate lined with paper towels and sprinkle with salt.nDrizzle some of the black pepper vinaigrette in the center of a serving plate and place 2 squash blossoms on top for each serving. Serve hot.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F. Place pork cubes in a medium roasting pan. Stir together the BBQ sauce, vinegar, and onion and then pour mixture over the pork and season with salt and pepper. Cover the pan with foil and cook in the oven for 3 12 to 4 hours or until the meat is fork tender. Let cool in the braising liquid, then drain the liquid from the meat and shred the meat into bitesized pieces.nWhisk together water and flour until smooth and season with salt. Let sit 10 minutes before using.nCombine vinegar, mustard, salt, pepper, and honey in a blender. With the machine running, slowly add the oil until emulsified., ingredients: [1 12 cups ricotta cheese, Braised Pork, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, 20 squash blossoms, Canola oil or peanut oil, for frying, Rice Batter, recipe follows, Black Pepper Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 2pound pork butt, cut into 2inch cubes, 2 cups your favorite BBQ sauce, 2 cups rice vinegar, 1 large red onion, coarsely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups cold water, 2 cups rice flour, Salt, 12 cup rice vinegar, 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons honey, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Crispy Squash Blossoms Filled with Pulled Pork and Ricotta, picturelink: OLq0GlgSMFUzh2Z4kYBSnV3NwPG4vw2}, 18320: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the soy sauce, vinegar, black pepper and sliced onion in a large bowl. Add the chicken and cover the bowl. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours or up to overnight to marinate.nPrepare a charcoal grill with natural mesquite charcoal to high heat. Grill the chicken for 10 minutes, then rearrange the pieces to make grill marks and grill 10 more minutes. Flip and cook for a final 10 minutes.nArrange the chicken on a sheet pan and cool in the refrigerator, about an hour.nChop the chicken into 12inch cubes and place in a large mixing bowl. Add the green onions, diced yellow onion, coconut, chile pepper and lemon juice. Toss to combine. Refrigerate.nServe cold., ingredients: [2 cups soy sauce, 1 12 cups sugar cane vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 yellow onion, thinly sliced, 2 12 pounds boneless chicken thighs, skin on, 4 cups sliced green onions, 1 cup smalldiced yellow onion, 1 12 cups fresh grated coconut, 8 Thai birds eye chile peppers, stemmed and thinly sliced, 14 cup fresh lemon juice], title: Chopped Grilled Chicken Kelaguen Mannok, picturelink: qP2k4DWmCSYOwd7895dSGBVWmLlU0Ne}, 18321: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Add 1 tablespoon coconut oil to an 8inch castiron skillet. Put the skillet in the oven and allow to heat until very hot, 6 to 8 minutes.nCombine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl with a whisk. In a medium bowl, combine the almond milk, applesauce, sorghum syrup, egg and the remaining 2 tablespoons coconut oil. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the wet ingredients. Fold to combine.nCarefully remove the hot castiron skillet from the oven and pour in the batter. Return the skillet to the oven and bake until the cornbread is golden with a crisp crust, about 25 minutes.nPhotographs by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [3 tablespoons coconut oil, melted, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup almond milk or regular milk, at room temperature, 14 cup applesauce, at room temperature, 14 cup sorghum syrup or molasses, 1 large egg, at room temperature], title: Skillet Cornbread, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 18322: {instructions: Make the sauce: In a saucepan combine the tomatoes with the juice, the bell pepper, the garlic, the onions, and the stock. Bring the liquid to a boil and simmer the mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the vegetables are very tender. Force the mixture through a food mill fitted with the medium disk into another saucepan, add salt and pepper to taste, and simmer the sauce until it is reduced to about 2 12 cups.nMake the filling: In a bowl combine well the Parmesan, the mozzarella, the ricotta, the chives, and salt and pepper to taste.nRoll out the dough on a pasta machine one sheet at a time, while assembling the ravioli. After rolling out 1 sheet of dough, trim the ends. Dust both sides of the dough with flour, feed the dough carefully through the rollers set at the fifthlowest notch, and continue to feed it through the rollers, turning the dial one notch lower each time, until the second lowest notch is reached. Trim the ends of the dough and cut the dough crosswise into 2 pieces, 1 piece 1 12 inches longer than the other.nPut heaping tablespoons of the filling in lengthwise rows on the shorter piece, spacing them about 1 inch from the edges with their centers about 3 inches apart. Brush the dough around the filling with water, put the longer piece of dough on top, and press it gently around the mounds of filling, pressing out any air bubbles. With a fluted pastry wheel or knife cut the dough between the rows of filling into about 2 12 by2inch rectangles. Arrange the ravioli as they are formed in one layer on a lightly floured tray. Continue to make ravioli, 1 sheet of dough at a time, with the remaining dough and filling in the same manner. The ravioli may be kept, uncovered and chilled for up to 2 hours.nTo 2 kettles of boiling salted water add the ravioli and cook them at a bare simmer, covered partially, for 10 to 12 minutes, or until they are al dente. Divide the sauce, heated, among 4 heated dinner plates and arrange the ravioli on the plates. Garnish each portion with some chopped chives and serve the ravioli with the Parmesan., ingredients: [28ounce can plum tomatoes including the juice, 1 large red bell pepper, coarsely chopped, 2 large garlic cloves, 2 onions, chopped coarse, 12 cup chicken stock or canned chicken broth, 34 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 4 ounces mozzarella, grated coarse, 12 cup ricotta, 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives, 1 pound food processor pasta dough, Freshly grated Parmesan as an accompaniment], title: Cheese and Chive Ravioli with Tomato Red Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18323: {instructions: Cut off wing tips, reserving for another use, and halve wings at joint. In a bowl whisk together oil, lemon juice, and salt, to taste. Add wings and stir to coat. Marinate wings, covered and chilled, at least 1 hour and up to 8 hours.nTo make gai yang sauce: Wearing protective gloves, mince chiles. Mince garlic and in a small saucepan simmer with chiles and remaining ingredients, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Cool sauce to room temperature. The gai yang sauce may be made 1 day ahead, covered and chilled. Bring sauce to room temperature before serving.nPrepare grill. Drain wings in a colander and pat dry. Grill wings on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until cooked through and golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes on each side. Serve wings with sauce., ingredients: [3 pounds chicken wings 12 to 14, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Salt, 2 small fresh hot red chiles about 2 inches long such as Thai or serrano, 4 garlic cloves, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 23 cup white wine vinegar, 34 teaspoon salt], title: Grilled Chicken Wings in Gai Yang Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18324: {instructions: In a glass measuring cup, add the warm water, stir in the yeast and the 12 teaspoon of sugar and let bloom until foamy, about 10 to 15 minutes.nCombine the cornmeal, flour, salt and brown sugar in a large bowl. Pour the yeast mixture into dry ingredients. Combine the buttermilk and eggs in the same measuring cup used for the yeast, and add it to the yeast and flour mixture. Mix well with a whisk. Set aside for 10 minutes.nIn a large nonstick skillet over high heat, add 13 of the oil and a tablespoon of the butter and heat until hot. Ladle 2 ounces of batter per cake into the pan, cook for 2 to 3 minutes, flip, and cook for 2 minutes more. Remove the cake to a towel lined plate, then sprinkle lightly with sea salt. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding additional oil and butter per batch. Arrange the hoe cakes on a serving platter and serve immediately with Hot Molasses Butter.nIn a small bowl, beat the butter with a hand mixer until light and creamy. Add the salt, cayenne, and molasses and mix well.nGuys Tip: If you have time, turn the butter mixture out onto a piece of plastic wrap and form it into a cylinder. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Slice into 14inch rounds and serve with Hoe Cakes., ingredients: [23 cup warm water about 105 degrees F, no higher than 110, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup finely ground yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons, firmly packed brown sugar, 13 cup buttermilk, 2 eggs, 12 cup canola oil, divided, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 12 teaspoon large flake sea salt, Hot Molasses Butter, recipe follows, 1 stick salted butter, room temperature, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon unsulphured, dark molasses], title: Buttermilk Hoe Cakes, picturelink: 6VHIA1j3jl.fWvVSck7WHJrdMzQlc.2}, 18325: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Brown the chorizo, crumbling the meat as it cooks. Add the garlic, onions and peppers and cook until softened, 5 minutes. Stir in the coriander, cumin and tomatoes, followed by the turkey, stock, chipotles, cornmeal and honey. Simmer over low heat to thicken, 45 minutes. Top with the chips, and serve with a lime wedge alongside. Cooks Note: Cool and store for a makeahead meal, reheating over medium heat., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable or olive oil, 1 pound Mexican chorizo, cut from casings, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 red or green bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon ground coriander a palmful, 1 tablespoon ground cumin a scant palmful, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 pound cooked, diced turkey breast, 2 to 3 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons pureed chipotles in adobo, 2 tablespoons cornmeal or quickcooking polenta, 1 tablespoon honey, Chiliflavored tortilla chips or Fritos, for topping, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Mexican Chorizo and Turkey Chili, picturelink: IxzoXIF8rsKoD6W0ByWan2nXKofvr2}, 18326: {instructions: For the pork belly: Bring a Dutch oven or heavybottomed pot of water to a boil. Add the pork belly and simmer for 30 minutes. Remove from the pot, rinse under cold water and then dry with some paper towels. Slice the pork into 3 even pieces and set aside.nHeat a wok over high heat and add the peanut oil. When the oil begins to smoke, add the pork pieces and stirfry for about 1 minute per side to brown. When the pork is browned, add the dark soy and stirfry for another 2 minutes. Transfer the pork to a plate that will fit inside a large bamboo steamer with at least a 1inch margin between the plate and the steamer.nFor the sauce: In a small bowl or measuring cup, stir to combine the vegetable stock, light soy sauce, brown sugar and rice wine set aside. Reheat the wok and add the peanut oil. When the oil is hot, add the ginger, Sichuan peppercorns and star anise and then stirfry for a few seconds. Add in the sauce and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and pour the sauce over the pork.nPlace the plate of pork into a steamer over a wok or pot filled halfway with water and bring to a boil. Steam the pork over medium heat until the pork is tender, 1 hour to 1 12 hours. Check the pot occasionally to be sure that the water hasnt completely evaporated.nRemove the pork from the steamer and transfer all of the juices from the pork into a small wok or pan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and stir in the cornstarch slurry. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes to thicken the sauce.nIn a mortar and pestle, crush the peanuts, or finely chop them with your knife. Combine the peanuts and brown sugar set aside until ready to serve.nSlice the pork belly. Fill each bao bun with a slice of pork and a few tablespoons of the thickened pork sauce, garnish with the sweetened peanut crumble, Quick Cucumber and Shallot Pickle, scallions and fresh cilantro.nPut the cucumbers and shallots in a medium bowl.nIn a small saucepan, add the mirin, rice vinegar and sugar. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and stir until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool. Pour the vinegar mixture over the vegetables and let marinate for 15 minutes or longer before serving., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh pork belly, with skin, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 12 cup vegetable stock, 4 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 heaping tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1inch fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 1 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns, 2 star anise, 1 tablespoon cornstarch blended with 2 tablespoons water cornstarch slurry, 1 cup salted peanuts, ground or chopped, 2 heaping tablespoons brown sugar, 10 to12 Chinese bao buns or small plain burger buns, Quick Cucumber and Shallot Pickle, recipe follows, 2 scallions, cut into 2inch pieces, then julienned, 4 sprigs fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 hothouse or English cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 large shallot, peeled and thinly sliced, 14 cup mirin, 14 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Braised Pork Belly Bao, picturelink: null}, 18327: {instructions: Shuck oysters and reserve liquor. Cook bacon, reserve fat, dice bacon. Peel the potato, cut into 14inch cubes, and hold in water. In large saute pan, heat bacon fat add shallots and saute. Add liqueur and flambe. Add the bacon and the spinach, and saute briefly. Add heavy cream, oyster liquor, potato cubes, white pepper, nutmeg and salt. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to low, simmer for 3 minutes. Adjust seasonings if necessary. Sprinkle with cheddar and serve with oyster crackers., ingredients: [12 Maryland select oysters and liquor, 6 strips bacon, 1 baking potato, like russet, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 6 ounces liquorice flavored liqueur Recommended: Pernod, 1 cup finely chopped fresh spinach, 1 quart heavy cream, 12 tablespoon white pepper, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup shredded white cheddar], title: Oysters Rockefeller Chowder, picturelink: null}, 18328: {instructions: In a small saucepan, heat the light cream over mediumlow heat until it comes to a simmer. Divide the chocolate chips equally into 2 bowls and evenly pour the hot cream between the 2 bowls. Stir until the chocolate is completely melted. Add cinnamon to 1 of the bowls of melted chocolate. Place a spoon or ice pop stick into the bowl with the cinnamon so that you can differentiate it when you scoop them out. Put the ganache into the refrigerator until it firms up, 1 12 to 2 hours.nIn the meantime, place the graham cracker boards in a food storage bag and crush with your hands to make crumbs. Put the crumbs and the toasted coconut on separate flat plates.nRemove the ganache from the refrigerator. Using a small ice cream scoop or tablespoon, scoop out the ganache into the toppings. The cinnamon flavored chocolate goes into the graham cracker crumbs and the plain chocolate goes into the coconut. Roll them around to coat and form small balls. Work quickly to prevent the chocolate from melting. Transfer to a sheet pan and place in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to set. Place on a plate and serve., ingredients: [23 cup light cream, 1 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 graham cracker boards, 12 cup shredded coconut, toasted], title: Crunchy Coated Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: CDZtGMREY14XjgCrp2ciPyLWvi5ZCG}, 18329: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or use a nonstick baking sheet.nCut the potatoes into 8 wedges each and arrange on the prepared baking sheet. Melt the butter over low heat, add the parsley and garlic and give the mixture a quick whisk. Brush the butter mixture over all sides of the potato wedges. Reserve the remaining butter mixture. Season all sides of the potato wedges with salt and pepper.nBake until the potatoes are golden brown and easily pricked with a fork, 40 to 50 minutes. About halfway through the cooking time, be sure to flip the potatoes over.nDrizzle the remaining butter mixture over the cooked potatoes and serve., ingredients: [2 large russet potatoes, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Potato Wedges, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 18330: {instructions: Fill glass with ice. Add Smirnoff Orange Flavored Vodka and orange juice. Stir well., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Smirnoff Orange Vodka, 3 oz. orange juice], title: Ultimate Screwdriver, picturelink: null}, 18331: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the frozen berries, sugar, cornstarch and 12 cup of the crisp topping into a medium mixing bowl and stir to combine. Divide the mixture evenly between 4 7 to 8ounce ramekins. Top each ramekin with 12 cup of the remaining crisp topping. Place the ramekins on a sheet pan and bake on the middle rack of the oven for 30 to 35 minutes or until the fruit is bubbling and the topping is browned. Allow the crisps to cool for 15 minutes before serving.n5 ounces allpurpose flour, approximately 1 cupn23 cup sugarn1 12 cups chopped nuts such as walnuts, pecans, or almondsn1 12 cups crushed crackers, gingersnaps or cerealn4 ounces unsalted butter, cubed and chillednPlace the flour, sugar, nuts and crackers into a large mixing bowl and combine. Work the butter into the dry ingredients with your hands until it is crumbly. Store in the refrigerator for up to a week. Use as topping for crisps, cobblers or grunts.nYield: 4 12 cups, ingredients: [12 ounces frozen berries blueberries or raspberries, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 12 cup plus 2 cups crisp topping, recipe follows], title: Individual Berry Crisps, picturelink: VyveuLh6aL0AG0a9QSPKfT8cSQbsbGq}, 18332: {instructions: Arrange chopped lettuce on a platter. Trim a thin slice of orange skin down to the flesh off the top and bottom of the orange. Stand the orange upright and trim off strips of the remaining peel working from top to bottom around the orange. Cut each orange then in 12 lengthwise. Slice the 12 oranges into 12 moon shapes. Arrange the sliced oranges around the chopped romaine. Lightly toast the almonds in a small skillet over moderate heat or in a toaster or conventional oven. Top the romaine and oranges with toasted almonds and chopped tarragon.nIn a small bowl, combine honey, vinegar, orange juice and mustard with a whisk. Stream in the oil while continuing to whisk the dressing to combine it. Pour the dressing evenly over the entire salad platter in a slow, thin stream. Season the salad with salt and pepper. The salad is pretty as is, no tossing., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine lettuce, chopped, 3 navel oranges, 2 ounces, 14 cup, sliced almonds or slivered almonds, available on the baking aisle, toasted, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 2 or 3 sprigs, Splash orange juice, 2 rounded teaspoons honey, 2 tablespoons tarragon vinegar, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, a couple of pinches, 13 cup olive oil, eye ball it, Salt and pepper], title: Orange and Almond Salad, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 18333: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a resealable plastic bag and marinate in the refrigerator for no more than 1 hour.nHeat a nonstick castiron griddle until very hot. Lightly spray griddle with canola oil nonstick spray. Remove scallops from plastic bag and arrange on the hot griddle so that the scallops are not too close together. Cook for 2 minutes on each side and then remove from heat. Serve with a side of quickly sauteed vegetables of your choice., ingredients: [1 12 pounds large scallops, cleaned, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, Canola oil nonstick spray], title: Spicy Seared Scallops, picturelink: null}, 18334: {instructions: To a large punch bowl, add orange juice, pineapple juice, coconut milk and seltzer. Mix well. Place frozen pineapple chunks and strawberries in the punch to keep it cold. Float the orange slices on top of the punch for garnish. If desired, add rum., ingredients: [1 quart fresh orange juice, 32 ounces canned or fresh pineapple juice, 2 cups coconut milk, 1 liter seltzer water, 1 pineapple, peeled cut into 1inch cubes and frozen, 1 pint of strawberries, hulled and frozen, 1 orange sliced thin, 4 cups light rum, optional], title: Sunrise Punch, picturelink: lbXfjdYKKM6nVCUh7pQ6x0KkZaqyZiC}, 18335: {instructions: Sear the quails and remove. Add onion, carrot, celery, leek, ginger and garlic and sweat. Add tomatoes. Allow to break down and deglaze with 12 cup white wine allow to reduce by half, cover with quail stock. Add the quails and bring to a boil. Add bouquet garni and tomatoes. Cover and place in a 350 degree oven until fork tender about 45 minutes, then shred meat. Set aside. Sweat paste of the ground coriander, cumin and allepo pepper. Stir in tomatoes. Add Chana Dal and braising liquid. Cook until tender. Separately saute garlic, ginger, leeks, fennel and shiitakes. Combine with the Chana Dal and the braised, shredded meat and cook 5 minutes to blend. Season with coarse ground coriander, chives, chat masala, salt and pepper. Chill down. Moisten with braising liquid. Roll out dough and cut into large rounds 5 inches. Then cut in half and form a pouch, making sure to egg wash ends. Stuff with mixture and seal top end. Resembles upside down cone. Bake them in the oven at 350 degrees for 12 to 15 minutes, or until golden brown.nCombine everything and mix until dough forms. Allow to rest., ingredients: [2 quails, split in half, 1 onion, 1 carrot, 2 celery stalks, 1 leek, 2 inches fresh ginger, 1 head garlic, 6 ounces white wine, Quail stock or chicken stock, to cover, 1 bouquet garni consisting of bay leaf, clove and black pepper, 1 tablespoon coriander, fine ground, 1 teaspoon cumin, fine ground, 14 teaspoon allepo pepper, 4 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 3 ounces Chana Dal, soaked, 1 tablespoon shallots, diced, 1 teaspoon garlic, 1 teaspoon ginger, 1ounce leeks, small diced, 2 ounces fennel, small dice, 2 ounces shiitakes, small dice, 1 tablespoon coriander, coarsely ground, 1 tablespoon chives, minced, 1 teaspoon chat masala, Salt and pepper, to taste, Samosa dough, recipe follows, Egg wash, 38 cup butter, diced, 4  cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup water, cold, 1 teaspoon whole ajawin seeds], title: Quail Samosa, picturelink: null}, 18336: {instructions: In a large pot or bowl, combine salt, sugar, water, peppercorns and bay leaves. Submerge pork loin in mixture and let brine for about 4 hours. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Remove pork loin from brine and dry well. Season well with Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper.nHeat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in the bottom of a heavy, stove top and ovensafe casserole dish over mediumhigh heat. Brown pork well and place in preheated oven to cook about halfway, about 35 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 14cup olive oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Add shallots and cook until they begin to caramelize, about 8 minutes. Turn heat to medium and season with salt and pepper. Add rosemary and let cook until golden brown about 10 minutes more. Add marmalade and stir to combine. Remove from heat and set aside.nAfter 35 minutes, remove pork from oven and spoon half the shallot mixture over the top and sides of the pork. Place back in the oven and continue to roast until a meat thermometer inserted into the center of the pork reads 165 degrees F about 30 minutes more. Remove and let rest 15 minutes before carving. Serve with reserved shallot mixture on the side., ingredients: [13tsp. kosher salt, 13cup brown sugar, 8 cups water, 1 Tbs. whole peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 1 34 lb. pork loin, cleaned and tied with butchers twine if necessary, 34cup shallots, sliced, 2 Tbs. plus 12cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 Tbs. fresh rosemary, Gray salt, freshly ground black pepper, 12cup Napastyle Meyer Lemon Marmalade], title: Brined Pork Loin with Meyer Lemon Marmalade, picturelink: null}, 18337: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nToss the raspberries with 2 tablespoons of the sugar and the raspberry liqueur if desired. Let sit for 10 minutes.nBeat the eggs in a large bowl. Whisk in the salt and 12 cup of the sugar, until just blended. Sift the flour into the bowl, whisking it into the mixture just blended.nButter 6 individual gratin dishes. Divide the raspberries among them. Divide the egg mixture among the dishes. Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Place on cookie sheet in the oven. Cook for 15 minutes, or until the top has just begun to harden and the center is still creamy. Pass under the broiler for a moment to brown. Serve immediately.nSuggested wines: New York Finger Lakes Riesling Sauternes andor Muscat de BeaumesdeVenise, ingredients: [1 12 lbs. raspberries, 34 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons raspberry liqueur, if desired, 3 large eggs, Pinch of salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour], title: Raspberry Gratin, picturelink: null}, 18338: {instructions: Coat a large, wide pot with oil and set over high heat. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and cook to brown, working in batches if needed. Remove the chicken to a plate and discard most of the excess fat in the pan.nReduce the heat to low and add 1 tablespoon oil, if needed, to coat the bottom of the pan. Add the onions and crushed red pepper, then season with salt, and cook to sweat the onions, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and sweat for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the red and yellow peppers, and cook until soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and cook until soft. Add the white wine and cook to reduce by half.nReturn the chicken to the pan and add the tomatoes taste for seasoning and adjust if needed. Add the bay leaves and thyme. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Partially cover the pot and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes. Check the sauce periodically and add water as needed the level of liquid should be about even with the chicken.nRemove the chicken from the pot and place on a pretty serving platter. Taste the sauce for seasoning, and adjust if needed. Skim the surface of the sauce if excessively greasy, and remove the thyme bundle and bay leaves. Spoon the sauce over the chicken to serve ., ingredients: [Olive oil, for coating, One 4 to 5pound chicken, cut into 8 to 10 pieces, Kosher salt, 2 large onions, sliced, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1 red pepper, cut into 12inch dice, 1 yellow pepper, cut into 12inch dice, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, 2 cups dry white wine, Two 28ounce cans Italian plum tomatoes, passed through a food mill or pureed, 3 bay leaves, 1 bundle thyme, tied with kitchen twine], title: Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: ZxrKxCSEfOSCjWDvX5tMGF12mlBrMu}, 18339: {instructions: Put your veggies in the bottom of the casserole. Fan the sliced chicken breasts over the top of the veggies. Pour the cheese over the top of all and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for about 10 minutes or until warm.nBring your cream and roux to a boil. Add in cheese and seasoning and simmer until smooth., ingredients: [2 cups mixed veggies, 4 cooked chicken breasts stuffed with broccoli, sliced, 2 cups cheese sauce, 2 cups cream, 13 cup roux 50 percent butter and 50 percent flour stirred until blended, 2 cups cheese, shredded, Salt, garlic and cayenne, to taste], title: Chicken And Veggie Casserole Frommage, picturelink: null}, 18340: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, egg whites and sugar set aside. Gently heat the heavy cream in a saucepan until barely simmering. Remove from heat and add the yeast, stirring until smooth. Stir the cream into the egg mixture and whisk in the flour, followed by 2 tablespoons olive oil. Cover the batter with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.nCombine the juice of 1 lemon and 2 cups water in a large bowl. Trim the artichoke stems, snap off the outer leaves until the remaining leaves are half yellow and half green. Cut off the remaining green parts and drop into the lemon water.nWarm 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a medium skillet over high heat. When the pan is hot but not smoking, add the pancetta and cook, stirring frequently, for 1 minute. Drain the artichokes and add them to the pan along with the juice of 12 a lemon. Reduce the heat to medium and season with salt and pepper. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the artichokes are tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nAdd 1 tablespoon olive oil to the pan. Add the mushrooms and shallot and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 3 minutes, tossing frequently. Add the arugula and 14 of the radicchio, season with salt and pepper, and cook, while tossing constantly, until the arugula and radicchio have wilted, about 2 minutes. Transfer the vegetables to a paper towellined plate. When cool, coarsely chop the mushroom mixture.nMeanwhile, center a rack in the oven and preheat to 300 degrees F.nPut a 8inch round cake pan on a baking sheet. Spray the pan with nonstick cooking spray.nStir the mushroom mixture into the clafoutis batter and season with salt and pepper. Pour half of the batter into the prepared pan and sprinkle the artichokepancetta mixture on top. Cover with the remaining batter the pan should be about 34 full. Bake until a knife inserted in the middle comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes.nWhisk together the remaining lemon juice and remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. Toss the remaining radicchio with the lemon vinaigrette and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nTo serve, unmold the clafoutis, reinvert right side up, cut into 6 wedges and serve hot, with the radicchio salad., ingredients: [2 large eggs, at room temperature, 3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 4 teaspoons sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon firmly packed fresh yeast, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 7 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 cups water, 20 baby artichokes, 2 ounces pancetta or bacon, diced into 14inch cubes, optional, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 white mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed and cut into 14inchthick slices, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 2 ounces arugula, well washed, dried and trimmed, 1 small head radicchio about 34 pound, trimmed and leaves separated], title: Artichoke and Radicchio Clafoutis, picturelink: null}, 18341: {instructions: Heat a medium soup pot over mediumhigh heat with extravirgin olive oil. Add bacon to hot oil and cook until crisp at edges. Add onions and corn, zucchini and potatoes and bell pepper as you get them chopped. Also add to the soup pot the bay leaf, thyme sprigs, paprika, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for about 7 to 8 minutes to begin to soften the vegetables. Sprinkle flour into the pot, stir and cook 1 minute. Stir in the stock and let it come up to a bubble and thicken up a bit. Then stir in cream, parsley and hot sauce, to taste, and simmer 5 minutes. Season the soup with salt and pepper and serve with crackers or popcorn to float on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 4 to 5 large ears corn, scraped from cob or 1 box frozen corn, 1 medium or 2 small zucchini, chopped, 1 pound small potatoes, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 5 to 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, a couple of generous handfuls, A few dashes hot sauce, to taste, Oyster crackers or white Cheddar popcorn, to pass at table], title: Harvest Creamy Corn Choup with Parsley, picturelink: hg2EmZ5WOUrQFvHLjMlAyZOS11QDB96}, 18342: {instructions: Combine the orange juice, pineapple juice and grenadine in a measuring cup or pitcher. Divide the mixture among 4 champagne flutes. Top each with some champagne and serve., ingredients: [4 ounces chilled orange juice, 4 ounces chilled pineapple juice, 2 ounces grenadine, 12 ounces chilled champagne], title: Mimosa Sunset, picturelink: N1zCh.wRe8n3dh7wSOllcGWfk0qUtgG}, 18343: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nStretch the crust over a 14inch pizza pan. Evenly spread the sauce over the crust. Arrange the steak and red onions over the sauce. Mix the mozzarella and provolone cheeses together in a bowl then distribute them evenly over the pizza. Season with dried oregano, if desired. Bake the pizza until the crust is crisp and brown, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the pizza from the oven, cut it into wedges, and serve., ingredients: [1 14inch pizza crust, 34 cup pizza or BBQ sauce, 5 ounces beef steak brisket, flank steak or sirloin, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 7 ounces mozzarella, shredded, 3 ounces smoked provolone, shredded, 1 to 2 tablespoons dried oregano, optional], title: Sliced Steak Pizza, picturelink: null}, 18344: {instructions: Special equipment: Singlecup Vietnamesestyle coffee filternPut the condensed milk into a coffee cup. Place the filter on top of the cup. Unscrew the filter, add the coffee grounds, and screw the filter back on. Pour in enough boiling water to fill the filter. Close the lid and let the coffee slowly drip into the cup. Remove the filter and stir the coffee and milk together. Pour the coffee mixture into a glass of ice and stir to chill. Serve., ingredients: [2 to 3 teaspoons sweetened condensed milk, 2 to 3 teaspoons mediumfine ground French roast coffee, Boiling water, as needed, Ice cubes, as needed], title: VietnameseStyle Iced Coffee, picturelink: null}, 18345: {instructions: In a blender, combine melon, yogurt, and apple juice concentrate. Blend until smooth. With blender running, add ice until frothy.nPour into 2 16ounce glasses and garnish with sliced melon., ingredients: [2 cups honeydew melon, cubed, 1 cup vanilla lowfat yogurt, 2 tablespoons apple juice, from frozen concentrate, Ice, Honeydew melon slices, for garnish], title: Honeydew Smoothie, picturelink: 41QYnJsDMslw1WONyKu7jrgBY.L.QS}, 18346: {instructions: Trim fennel and cut off the 2 outer ends of the fennel then slice directly in half the long way. Sweat the garlic cloves in olive oil to infuse garlic flavor. Deglaze with muscat, verjuice and chicken stock. Add the fennel, thyme, salt, sugar, and peppercorns. Cover with parchment paper and braise until tender. Drain, cool and reserve juice use to poach fish, if desired.nWhile the fennel is cooling, place 12 tablespoon of butter in each of the cast iron pans. Put 1 tablespoon of sugar on top of the butter and sprinkle in a pinch of salt. Place 1 piece of fennel in each pan and cook over direct heat until caramel forms.nPlace a piece of semicooked tart pastry on top of each fennel and finish in a preheated 350 degree oven for about 5 minutes. Turn upside down and serve warm.nSift flour, sugar and salt together, cut in the butter. Using the well method, add the egg. Allow at least 30 minutes to rest. Roll the dough out to about 18inch thick and cut with a round cookie cutter, which would be the same size as the cast iron pans. Place the dough in between 2 sheets of parchment on a tray and chill. Put a second tray on top of the tarts and bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven for about 5 minutes., ingredients: [6 heads baby or young fennel, 6 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cups muscat, 2 cups verjuice, 2 cups chicken stock, Thyme bouquet, Salt and sugar, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns tied in a cheesecloth, 6 tablespoons butter, 12 tablespoons sugar, 12 mini cast iron pans, Tart dough, recipe follows, 8 ounces allpurpose flour, Sugar, Salt, 7 ounces butter, 1 egg], title: Fennel Tarte Tatin, picturelink: null}, 18347: {instructions: Simmer 1 cup heavy cream with 14 cup pesto in a skillet until slightly thickened. Stir in 14 cup grated parmesan. Toss with 12 ounces cooked tortellini and 2 cups steamed broccoli.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Pesto Cream Tortellini, picturelink: MZN.dXY7MXql2RiumqBgP6kzi6TEPG}, 18348: {instructions: Prepare the fruit and vegetable garnish. Peel the carrot and slice in thin half moons. Slice the celery branches and peel the clementines and remove as much as the white filaments as possible. Cube the tomato, and peel and thinly slice the onion.nIn a medium size pot, add the water, clementine juice, white wine, red wine vinegar and olive oil and bring to a boil. Add the carrots, onions, celery and tomato and salt and pepper it should taste underseasoned, as it will go through reduction. Then cover, lower the heat and let cook for 10 to 15 minutes while you prepare the fish.nRemove any dark flesh from the fish if present. Wash the lettuce leaves, remove the hard white part and blanch the lettuce by plunging them in boiling water for 5 to 10 seconds, until it becomes limp and dark green. Remove and refresh immediately in cold water. When cold, drain and squeeze out the excess water.nThen season each piece of salmon individually on both sides, and wrap them neatly in the lettuce leaves so that you get nice small bundles. Place the fish in the braising liquid, on top of the vegetables. The liquid should reach halfway up the sides of the salmon. Lower the heat to very low, cover and cook for 5 to 10 minutes. The cooking time depends on your preferences. Some people like their fish slightly underdone in the middle, others like it cooked through. Check the inside of one fish by gently pulling the lettuce aside and separate the flakes of the salmon. The inside color will tell you how done it is. The best is when it is slightly orange inside and pink on the outsidenWhen the fish is cooked, remove from the pot and reduce the cooking liquid by 13 to 12, until fullflavored. Add the clementine segments to warm them. Do not allow them to overcook and fall apart. Check the seasoning and add the lemon juice.nPlace each piece of fish in a small soup plate. Surround the fish with a nice mix of garnish and cover it with the cooking juice. Decorate with pieces of black olives, sliced scallion, and little celery leaves bouquets. Finally, brush the fish with some olive oil to make it shiny, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 medium carrot, 2 small celery branches, 2 seedless clementines, 1 medium tomato, 1 small onion, 1 cup water, 2 clementines, juiced, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 5ounce salmon fillets, 4 large lettuce leaves, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 pitted black olives, sliced, 1 scallion, sliced, 4 small bouquets celery leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Braised Salmon Mediterranean Style, picturelink: null}, 18349: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Prepare an 8by8inch square baking pan by lining it with aluminum foil and spraying the foil with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, ancho chile powder, salt, baking powder and baking soda. Stir in the almond, apricots, chocolate, cranberries, dates, figs, brown sugar and popped amaranth. Use your fingers to make sure that everything has been coated with the flour mixture evenly.nIn a separate bowl, using a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, beat the honey, vanilla and egg until thick in texture, about 1 minute. Add the egg mixture to the fruit and flour mixture and mix using a spatula until everything is coated with the egg mixture. Spread onto the prepared baking pan, pressing to even out.nBake until the batter is golden brown and can pull away from the sides of the pan, about 30 minutes. Let cool before cutting.nLift the bar from the pan by the edges of the aluminum foil. Use a sharp knife to cut into 16 even squares., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying foil, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ancho chile powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup raw almonds, chopped, 34 cup dried apricots, cut into quarters, 12 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup dates, pitted and cut into quarters, 12 cup dried figs, cut into quarters, 13 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup popped amaranth, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg], title: Aztec Fruit Bars, picturelink: jEU4F2f3HZ10JglRqDVS3.HgqN9bq.i}, 18350: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add linguine and cook until a little less than al dente, about 8 minutes. Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Heat a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add oil and 1 tablespoon of butter, heat until the butter is melted. Then add the chicken breasts, skin side down and cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until lightly colored.nWhen done, transfer chicken breasts to a plate and set aside. Discard any fat from your skillet. Now, to the skillet add 2 tablespoons of butter, heat until butter is melted. Add onion, celery, carrots and salt and pepper. Cook, stirring until vegetables are softened, about 3 minutes. Return chicken to the skillet, add rosemary, and bay leaf and cook, covered over moderately low heat for 5 minutes more or until chicken is cooked through but still slightly springy to the touch. Again, remove chicken from the skillet and transfer to a plate, pouring any remaining juice into the skillet and set aside. Now, prepare the sauce. To the same skillet add madeira and chicken broth, cook until reduced by half. Then add heavy cream and reduce until sauce is lightly thickened. Drain and pat dry linguine and transfer to a serving plate and toss with remaining tablespoon of butter. Top with chicken breasts. To the sauce add minced fresh herbs, taste for seasoning, adding salt, pepper and lemon juice to taste. Gently pour sauce over linguine and chicken, making sure to evenly coat the entire surface. Serve immediately., ingredients: [34 pound fresh spinach linguine, 4 6ounce each chicken breasts, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, minced, 1 medium celery stalk, finely diced, 1 small carrot, finely diced, Sprig of fresh rosemary or 14 teaspoon dried and crumbled, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup Madeira wine, 14 cup chicken broth, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons minced fresh herbssuch as tarragon, chives, chervil or parsley, Fresh lemon juice to taste], title: Sauteed Chicken Breast with Fresh Spinach Pasta, picturelink: null}, 18351: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Fit a pastry bag with a 12inch round tip.nCombine the confectioners sugar and pistachios in a food processor and grind until powdery. Sift through a finemesh sieve into a bowl and whisk in the cardamom.nBeat the egg whites and salt in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until frothy. Add the granulated sugar and beat until soft peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the food coloring and continue beating until stiff peaks form, about 1 to 2 more minutes. Fold in onethird of the nut mixture with a rubber spatula, then fold in the rest until just combined. Fold the batter a few more times until it slowly drips off the spatula it will still be thick.nTransfer the batter to the pastry bag. Pipe about fifteen 1 12inch circles onto each prepared baking sheet. Tap the baking sheets against the counter to release any air bubbles let stand at room temperature until shiny and dry, about 15 minutes.nBake 1 baking sheet at a time until the macaroons are slightly crisp and the bottoms release from the parchment, rotating the pan halfway through, 16 to 20 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheet, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nLightly dust the macaroons with edible glitter. Sandwich with preserves.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup unsalted peeled pistachios preferably Sicilian, chopped, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 2 large egg whites, at room temperature, Pinch of salt, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, Seedless raspberry preserves, for filling, 2 to 3 drops green food coloring optional, Edible glitter, for dusting optional], title: Pistachio Macaroons, picturelink: Vh4LfuQs3MmqWCorCg7dlYcJQ717wky}, 18352: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat an 8inch springform pan with nostick cooking spray.nPREPARE brownie mix according to package directions using packet of chocolateflavored syrup, oil, water and egg. Spread into prepared pan. Bake 34 to 37 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely on wire rack.nBEAT peanut butter and vanilla in medium bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Gradually add powdered sugar. Beat for 1 minute. Remove outer edge of springform pan. Spread peanut butter mixture over top of cooled brownie. Chill 30 minutes or until firm.nPLACE hot fudge topping in small resealable plastic bag. Knead until smooth. Cut small corner off bag. Drizzle topping over peanut butter layer. Cut into wedges., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 15.9 ounce pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Chocolate Extreme Premium Brownie Mix, 13 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 3 tbsps. water, 1 large egg, 1 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 12 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 cup powdered sugar, 2 tbsps. Smuckersu00ae Hot Fudge Topping], title: Double Chocolate Peanut Butter Supreme, picturelink: lr1u.kV2n4qv6w3f81ibLPZVpZd0.6}, 18353: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill on mediumhigh heat. In a large saute pan, cook the mushrooms in 3 tablespoons olive oil over high heat. Cook until the mushrooms are nice and golden. Lower the heat to medium and add the garlic and rosemary season with salt and pepper. Be careful not to burn. Cook another few minutes, or until the garlic is fragrant.nMeanwhile, prep each of the ingredients by placing them in a separate bowl, ready for quick access at the grill. Mix the parmesan and mozzarella in one small bowl and the marinara and wine in a second small bowl.nOn a lightlyfloured surface, unfold the dough and cut it into quarters. Brush the top side of the dough with some of the remaining olive oil and flip onto the nonstick foil. Brush the second side with olive oil. With all the ingredients within hands reach at the grill, slide the oiled crusts onto the grill and cook just until they begin to puff, 3 minutes. With 2 spatulas or tongs, carefully flip the crusts. Immediately spread the crusts with the marinara sauce, sprinkle with half the cheese, top with the cooked mushrooms, and the other half of the cheese. Close the lid of the grill and cook just until the cheese is melted, about 2 to 3 minutes. Be careful not to burn the crust. Cooks Note: If you dont have a grill cover, use a large metal bowl or aluminum foil.nServe immediately.nSpecial equipment: Nonstick aluminum foil., ingredients: [8 ounces mixed fresh mushrooms, sliced recommended: button and crimini, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 14 sprig fresh rosemary, needles picked and minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 14 cup shredded Parmesan cheese, 14 cup prepared marinara sauce, 2 tablespoons red wine, Flour, for rolling out dough, 1 13.8ounces prepared pizza crust], title: Grilled Mixed Mushroom Pizza, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 18354: {instructions: Mix 4 tablespoons melted butter, 2 tablespoons sliced crystallized ginger and 3 tablespoons sugar in a large bowl toss with 3 or 4 halved and pitted plums. Place the fruit, cutside up, on a sheet of foil scatter 1 cup raspberries andor blackberries on top. Fold up the packet and grill over mediumhigh heat until the plums are tender and the berries are juicy, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve with ice cream or yogurt.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Hot Plums and Berries, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 18355: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 15. Line a cupcake pan with 12 regularsize cupcake liners or 24 mini cupcake liners.nFor the cake: Mix the flour, granulated sugar, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Combine the tangerine juice, canola oil, vinegar, orange extract and vanilla extract in a 5quart mixer with a paddle attachment on first speed. Add the dry ingredients. Add the poppy seeds. Once all the dry ingredients are incorporated, turn the mixer up to second speed and mix well. Turn the mixer off.nFill the cupcake liners half full with batter. Bake until baked through, about 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the frosting: Whip the powdered sugar, vegetable shortening, 14 cup water, lavender extract and salt in a bowl with an electric mixer. Add additional water in very small amounts to get the creamy consistency if it is too thick. Put the frosting in a pastry bag and cut off 12inch off the top.nTo assemble: Frost each cupcake with the lavender frosting. Place a tangerine slice on top., ingredients: [34 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup tangerine juice, 13 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 tablespoon orange extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 tablespoon poppy seeds, 3 cups powdered sugar, 12 cup vegetable shortening, such as Organic Spectrum, 12 tablespoon lavender extract, Pinch salt, 3 tangerines, peeled and slices separated, for garnish], title: Lavender Tangerine Dream Cupcakes, picturelink: vzTmtDxIF3Qowu0xNNSYPePHGJnHzK}, 18356: {instructions: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Toss the potatoes with 1 tablespoon olive oil, the cumin seeds, 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Spread in a large baking dish and roast until the potatoes begin to brown, 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring frequently, until lightly golden, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the brown sugar, lemon juice and red pepper flakes. Remove the baking dish from the oven, push the potatoes to the sides and arrange the chicken breasts in the middle. Season the chicken with salt and drizzle with the garlic mixture. Return to the oven and bake until the chicken is cooked through and the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes.nRemove from the oven transfer the chicken to a cutting board and slice. Add the cilantro to the baking dish and toss with the potatoes. Serve the chicken with the potatoes and lemon wedges. Drizzle with the pan juices.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 pounds small redskinned potatoes, quartered, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds optional, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1 lemon 12 juiced, 12 cut into wedges, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts 1 12 to 1 34 pounds, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro or parsley], title: Garlic Chicken and Potatoes, picturelink: nuOE5jjz0CbnmmRbeAyLEGT0igIGG}, 18357: {instructions: For the pork loin:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWorking on a large cutting board, cut the loin into 2 or 3 workable size pieces. Working on 1 piece at a time, place the loin fat side up on the cutting board. Using a sharp paring knife and starting at 1 end of the loin in the center of the meat, make a 1inch incision widthwise. Insert the pairing knife into the incision and draw the knife down into the loin. Use the end of the knife to create a pocket in the loin but do not increase the size of the initial incision. Continue to create pockets down the length of the loin at every inch. Stuff each pocket with a pinch of spinach and a piece of fruit. Place a roasting pan or large saute pan over high heat. Dry the meat with paper towels before liberally seasoning it with salt and freshly ground pepper. Add the oil to the hot pan and completely sear each piece starting with the fatincision side down in order to seal in the spinach and fruit. This can be done ahead of time then chilled until ready to finish cooking.nPlace the loin in the oven for about 45 minutes to 1 hour to complete cooking. Allow the meat to rest for 30 minutes before slicing. Slice the meat down the center of the incision to expose the filling and once to the side of the incision. Continue to slice the meat making cuts at the incision and then to the side in order to control the portion sizes and to expose the filling.nFor the sweet potato puree:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWash and prick each yam with a knife or fork. Coat each yam with oil and place them on a sheet pan. Place them in the oven and until tender, approximately 30 minutes. Remove them from the oven and allow to cool. Remove the skins of the yams and discard. Place the yams in a large pot with the butter and cream. Using a potato masher, smash the yams until smooth. Heat over medium to low heat and season with salt and lime juice.nFor the molasses gastrique:nBring the molasses and sherry vinegar to a simmer in a small sauce pot. Allow the mixture to simmer for 5 minutes them remove it from the heat and allow to cool. Stir in the lemon juice.nFor the radicchio:nCore the heads of radicchio and separate the leaves to make decorative cups. If the leaves are too large, cut them in half. Place the leaves in ice water until service.nTo assemble:nOn a large serving platter, place dollops of the sweet potato puree in the shell of a radicchio leaf. Place 1 slice of the pork loin on top of the sweet potato puree. Finish the plate by spooning some of the gastrique over the meat., ingredients: [1 whole pork loin, 2 cups spinach, blanched, 2 cups fresh or dried peaches or other favorite fruit, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup cooking oil, 5 pounds garnet yams, 14 cup oil, 1 stick butter, 1 cup cream, optional, 2 limes, juiced, 1 cup molasses, 1 cup sherry wine vinegar, 3 lemons, juiced, 2 heads radicchio], title: Roasted Stuffed Pork Loin with Sweet Potato Puree, Radicchio, and a Molasses Gastrique, picturelink: null}, 18358: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange garlic in 1 layer on a double thickness of foil and wrap tightly.nRoast the garlic and potatoes in middle of oventhe garlic will take 45 minutes and the potatoes will take 1 hour.nUnwrap garlic and cool slightly. Peel the cloves, mash with a fork, and set aside. The garlic may be roasted and stored in the refrigerator, up to a week ahead.nCombine the milk and butter in a large bowl. Scoop the flesh from the potatoes into the bowl and smash using a potato masher. Reserve the skins and julienne them.nDrizzle the skins with the olive oil, transfer to the oven, and bake until crisp, about 12 minutes.nUsing a rubber spatula, mix the potato mixture and garlic together until creamy. Fold in the basil and season with salt and pepper. Garnish the smashed potatoes with the crisp potato skins., ingredients: [14 cup garlic cloves about 6, unpeeled, 4 large russet potatoes, 1 cup milk, plus more as needed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 12 cup shredded fresh basil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Garlic and Basil Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 18359: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2 12inch round cookie or biscuit cutternIn a large pot, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat and saute the onions and green peppers until soft. Add the collard greens, garlic, cumin, chili powder, cinnamon, cayenne and salt and saute a few minutes.nStir in the blackeyed peas, tomato sauce, soy sauce, brown sugar, vinegar and 1 cup water and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to medium. Simmer, uncovered, for 10 to 15 minutes. Adjust the seasoning to taste. Serve in soup bowls with Quick Buttery Biscuits and Whipped Maple Butter on the side.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd the flour, baking powder and salt to a food processor and pulse for about 5 seconds until the ingredients are combined. Add the margarine and pulse until the mixture is the texture of coarse meal with a few larger margarine lumps. Work quickly so the margarine does not melt. Add the nondairy milk and pulse a few times until just combined. Do not overwork. Mix in the scallions.nTransfer the dough to a lightly floured surface and pat into an oblong shape about 1 inch thick. Using a floured 2 12inch round cookie or biscuit cutter, cut the biscuits out and place them on a baking sheet. Brush the tops lightly with some melted margarine and bake for 15 minutes. Remove the biscuits from the oven, brush again with melted margarine and transfer to a wire rack to cool.nIn a mixing bowl, using a whisk or electric mixer, whip the margarine with the maple syrup until light and fluffy. Refrigerate until serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 2 cups roughly chopped collard greens 14inch ribbons, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon sea salt, Two 15ounce cans blackeyed peas, rinsed and drained, One 15ounce can tomato sauce, 14 cup glutenfree soy sauce, 13 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons white or apple cider vinegar, Quick Buttery Biscuits, recipe follows, Whipped Maple Butter, recipe follows, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for the work surface, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup vegan margarine, plus extra melted margarine, for brushing, 34 cup soy, almond or rice milk, 13 cup sliced scallions, 1 cup vegan margarine, at room temperature, 14 cup maple syrup], title: Southern Skillet BlackEyed Peas with Quick Buttery Biscuits, picturelink: V.l.7JDpdKsGbjiy7dqgAJykuIbJSG2}, 18360: {instructions: In medium bowl toss together tomatoes, cheese, basil, onions, pepper and salt. Drizzle with salad dressing. Toss to coat. Serve with crackers., ingredients: [2 cups seeded and finely chopped tomatoes, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into 14inch pieces, 14 cup slivered fresh basil, 2 tablespoons sliced green onions, 12 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons sundried tomato salad dressing, 48 Keebleru00ae Town House Toppersu00ae Original Crackers], title: Fresh Mozzarella, Basil and Tomato on Town House Toppers TM, picturelink: w1oQ1OHHZTvNHW9BDqgKfApv1L0o8a}, 18361: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel the onions, slice them 12 to 34inch thick, and separate them into rings. Combine the buttermilk, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Add the onion rings, toss well, and allow to marinate for at least 15 minutes. The onion rings can sit in the buttermilk for a few hours. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, cornmeal, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Set aside.nWhen youre ready to fry the onion rings, preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.nHeat the oil to 350 degrees F in a large pot or Dutch oven. A candy thermometer attached to the side of the pot will help you maintain the proper temperature. Working in batches, lift some onions out of the buttermilk and dredge them in the flour mixture. Drop into the hot oil and fry for 2 minutes, until golden brown, turning them once with tongs. Dont crowd them Place the finished onion rings on the baking sheet, sprinkle liberally with salt, and keep them warm in the oven while you fry the next batch. Continue frying the onion rings and placing them in the warm oven until all the onions are fried. They will remain crisp in the oven for up to 30 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 large Spanish onions or 3 yellow onions, 2 cups buttermilk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup medium yellow cornmeal, 1 quart vegetable oil], title: CornmealFried Onion Rings, picturelink: Ps2QnOlAHEuGAiOkGQWJ6PoyzhCSfuK}, 18362: {instructions: In a large saucepot, boil white and sweet potatoes together. Cook until soft. Drain off water. Try to get all liquid out of the pot. Add butter, cream, salt, and pepper, and whip until all ingredients are incorporated. Add maple syrup and serve., ingredients: [5 pounds white potatoes, peeled, 3 pounds sweet potatoes or yams, peeled, 1 12 pounds butter, 12 cup cream, Salt and pepper, 34 cup pure maple syrup], title: Maple Sweet and White Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 18363: {instructions: Mix the ingredients together right before serving. Also a great topping for broiled or grilled fish or poultry., ingredients: [1 cup seeded, diced 14 inch cucumbers, 1 cup seeded, diced 14 inch tomatoes, 1 teaspoon seeded minced hot jalapeno pepper, 14 cup scallions, Lemon juice to taste], title: CucumberTomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 18364: {instructions: Make the Orange Creme Fraiche: Combine all the ingredients in a chilled bowl and whisk until soft peaks form. Chill until ready to serve.nMake the Pudding: In a bowl whisk together the sugar and cornstarch to blend. Whisk in the cream, milk, and vanilla bean. Pour mixture into a stainless steel saucepan and bring it to a boil, whisking, until thickened, about 4 minutes.nRemove the pan from the heat and whisk in the chocolate and butter until melted. Fish out the vanilla bean and rinse it. Wrap the vanilla bean in plastic wrap and refrigerate for another use.nPour the hot chocolate into warmed demitasse cups and serve immediately with dollops of the orange creme fraiche served on the side on demitasse spoons., ingredients: [12 cup creme fraiche, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, Finely grated orange rind, to taste, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 1 14 cups milk, 1 vanilla bean, split, 7 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 3 tablespoons butter], title: Russian Hot Chocolate, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 18365: {instructions: Heat a big pot with tight fitting lid over medium high heat. Add oil, garlic and pancetta and brown pancetta for 3 minutes. Add clams to the pot and 1 cup of wine. Cover and let the clams steam until they open, 5 to 10 minutes. Discard any unopened shells. Transfer clams in juices and wine to a serving platter and top liberally with parsley, serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 4 large cloves garlic, crushed, 14 pound pancetta, cut into small pieces, available at deli counter, 50 littleneck clams, cleaned, 1 cup dry white wine, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, a couple of handfuls], title: Vickys Clams, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 18366: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nPlace sugar in a small saucepan and gently add the water and lemon juice. Do not stir. Bring the saucepan to a boil over mediumhigh heat, without stirring, until the mixture turns golden brown. Divide the caramel among 4 ramekins, filling them 14 of the way up.nBeat the eggs in a large mixing bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and blend until combined. Pour the custard into the ramekins on top of the caramel.nPlace the ramekins in a large roasting pan or baking dish and carefully pour hot water into the pan around them, 12 way up their sides, to make a water bath.nBake in a preheated oven for 20 minutes until the flan starts to wiggle in the ramekins when gently shaken. Remove the ramekins from the water bath and chill them in the refrigerator for 2 hours before serving.nRun knife around the edge of the ramekins. Invert on a plate and garnish with berries., ingredients: [2 cups white sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 5 large eggs, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, 1 can unsweetened coconut milk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Hot water, for water bath, Berries, for garnish], title: Coconut Flan, picturelink: cUJ3W3fqhYp9.NlgCqPwmNU0M06ermC}, 18367: {instructions: Put the ice cubes in a cocktail shaker. Pour the vermouth and whiskey over the ice. Shake and then strain into cocktail glasses. Add a cherry, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [6 ice cubes, 14 cup sweet vermouth, 1 cup bourbon whiskey, Cocktail cherries, to decorate], title: Manhattan, picturelink: null}, 18368: {instructions: Slice the potatoes 13inch thick and put in a saucepan with 1 teaspoon of the salt, the water, and the wine. Tie the parsley stems, peppercorns, and thyme in a piece of cheesecloth and add to the pot. Bring the liquid to a boil over high heat and immediately lower the heat to maintain a simmer. Cook until the potatoes are tender but not mushy, about 12 minutes. Drain discard the herb bundle and transfer the potatoes to a bowl. While the potatoes are cooking make the dressing. In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, shallots, the remaining 2 teaspoons of the salt and pepper. Gradually whisk in the oil to make a dressing. Toss the warm potatoes with the dressing gently so as not to break up the potatoes. Allow the salad to sit at room temperature for one hour to marinate, tossing several times to coat the potatoes. Add the parsley. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds small red bliss potatoes, scrubbed but not peeled, 1 tablespoon kosher salt plus more to taste, 4 cups cold water, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 parsley stems, 6 black peppercorns, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons white wine, 13 cup minced shallots, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup fruity extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup minced flatleaf parsley leaves], title: French Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 18369: {instructions: Drain the yogurt in a paper towellined strainer set over a bowl, until thick, about 1 hour. Discard the watery liquid. Whisk the horseradish and mayonnaise into the thickened yogurt.nPut the chicken in a saucepan along with the vermouth, garlic, salt, rosemary, bay leaf, red pepper flakes, and water to cover. Bring just to a boil then reduce to a simmer. Cook covered, just until firm, about 10 minutes. Pull pan off of the heat, and allow the chicken to cool in the poaching liquid. When chicken is cool, shred into bitesize pieces.nWhisk the mustard, lemon zest and juice, salt, and pepper, to taste, in a large serving bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a smooth dressing. Toss the chicken, celery, and radishes, in the dressing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with some of the horseradish cream., ingredients: [12 cup plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 4 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 boneless skinless chicken breast halves about 1 pound, 12 cup dry vermouth, 12 head garlic, halved crosswise, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 ribs celery, with some leaves, thinly sliced about 12 pound, 12 medium bunch radishes, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Chicken, Celery, and Radish Salad, picturelink: null}, 18370: {instructions: In a large stock pot over low heat, saute the garlic in oil for 1 minute. Stir in all the vegetables and cook for 5 minutes. Turn up the heat, add the broth and bring to a boil.nAdd lemon juice and seasonings. Reduce heat and simmer gently, covered, for 30 minutes. Serve with chopped cilantro and tortilla chips., ingredients: [3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 3 cups canned tomatoes, diced, 34 cup green beans, diced, 12 cup green bell peppers, chopped, 5 ears fresh corn kernels, cut off the cobs, 1 quart chicken broth, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 1 teaspoon Cajun spice blend, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 dashes red pepper sauce, 14 cup fresh cilantro, coarsely chopped, for garnish], title: CornAcopia Soup, picturelink: null}, 18371: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nQuarter apple and pear lengthwise and cut into each quarter on an angle to remove the core. Slice apple and pear into 14inch thick slices. Squeeze a little lemon juice over the fruit to slow browning.nCut the top rind off the brie and place in the microwave on high for 60 seconds. Depending on the ripeness of the cheese, it will take 60 to 90 seconds on high to heat and melt. If brie is not yet soft and hot after 1 minute, place it back in microwave for another 30 seconds on high.nServe the softened, warm brie with a platter of fruit and Melba toasts for dipping and spreading. Reheat brie if it tightens up for 20 to 30 seconds at a time on high., ingredients: [1 large Fugi apple, 1 large red or brown skinned pear, slightly underripe, A wedge lemon, 1 pound individual wheel brie cheese, 24 sesame Melba toast rounds, any brand], title: Warm Brie with Fuji Apple, Pear and Melba Toasts, picturelink: abd2Mk5hlVjhEQqb9GFyik1oE1Ab292}, 18372: {instructions: Mix scallion whites, couscous, olive oil and cherries. Boil water and add exactly 3 cups to bowl and quickly stir together. Immediately cover bowl with plastic wrap. Let stand 30 minutes. With a fork, fluff couscous, add almonds and check for seasoning., ingredients: [4 pieces scallions, chopped save green part for garnishing, 3 cups couscous, 2 tablespoons virgin olive oil, 13 cup dried cherries, 13 cup toasted almond slices or slivers, 3 cups boiling water, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: CherryAlmond Couscous, picturelink: null}, 18373: {instructions: In a heavy pot on high heat, add oil and 1 kernel of popcorn. Cover. When kernel pops, add the rest. Pop until you know longer hear the popping sounds. Remove from heat and spread on a baking sheet. In the same pot, melt butter over medium heat and add toffee and peanuts. Stir until toffee melts, adding more butter, if needed. Pour over popcorn. Melt chocolate in a small saucepan or in the microwave and drizzle over the top of the popcorn. Let sit for a few minutes then serve., ingredients: [13 cup popcorn kernels, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup toffee chips, 12 cup honey roasted peanuts, 1 cup semisweet chocolate morsels], title: Party Popcorn, picturelink: JEdzsGbUSUvkkHSHo5RsRbue9Di9gS}, 18374: {instructions: Cut a pineapple into rings see Cooks Note. Lightly brush both sides of the pineapple rings with vegetable oil. Grill, turning once, until lightly charred, about 3 minutes per side.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Charred Pineapple Rings, picturelink: 2h1btLlfjWyu.kTSykXIoqCAexnr0Ou}, 18375: {instructions: Grind the hazelnuts to a very fine paste this can be done in a blender or coffee grinder.nWarm milk until the edge is ringed with tiny bubbles. Turn off heat at once. Put in the hazelnut paste, mix thoroughly, and cover. Allow to cool completely.nLine a strainer with a double layer of cheesecloth. Set over a bowl and pour the hazelnut milk mixture into the strainer and press as much through as possible. Tie up the ends of the cheesecloth, suspend over the bowl, and allow to drip through. When mixture stops dripping, squeeze gently. In another bowl beat the egg yolks and sugar until pale and foamy. Add the strained milk mixture mixing in a little at a time.nPour everything into top of double boiler over medium heat. Stir constantly and cook for 3 to 4 minutes after the water in the bottom has started to bubble. Pour into a bowl. Allow to cool completely then chill. Freeze according to ice cream machine directions., ingredients: [4 ounces shelled hazelnuts, toasted and skinned, 23 pint milk, 2 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Nocciola Gelato: Hazelnut Gelato, picturelink: null}, 18376: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat.nSeason both sides of pork with salt, black pepper, thyme and tarragon. Add chops to hot skillet and cook 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. Add Champagne and cook 1 minute.nRemove 4 chops from skillet and set aside.nWhisk together milk and flour until flour dissolves. Add milk mixture to skillet and bring to a simmer. Simmer 3 minutes, until sauce thickens and chops are cooked through.nTransfer chops to a serving platter and top with olives.nSpread mascarpone cheese on toasted raisin bread and top with sliced pears. Serve these 4 pork chops with raisin bread. Reserve remaining chops for another meal., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 boneless pork loin chops, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried tarragon, 12 cup dry Champagne, 1 cup milk, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup sliced black olives, 1 loaf raisin bread, sliced crosswise into 12inch thick slices and toasted, 4 to 6 ounces mascarpone cheese, 2 pears, cored and thinly sliced], title: Pork Chops in Creamy Champagne Sauce and Raisin Bread with Mascarpone and Pears, picturelink: WEB7vSuCNwRAKbdSIY5HswP7zUjMq}, 18377: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nVinaigrette: In a blender, add the basil, vinegar, garlic, mustard, salt and pepper. Blend until the herbs are finely chopped. With the machine running, drizzle in the olive oil until the dressing is smooth.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta.nIn a large bowl, toss together the cooked pasta with the remaining salad ingredients. Drizzle with dressing and toss to coat. Serve., ingredients: [1 bunch fresh basil, stemmed and leaves chopped about 2 cups, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound fusilli pasta, 12 cup hard salami, cut into strips about 3 ounces, 12 cup smoked turkey, cut into strips about 3 ounces, 14 cup provolone cheese, cut into strips, 14 cup grated Asiago cheese, 2 tablespoons green olives, halved and pitted, 2 tablespoons roasted red peppers, cut into strips, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Antipasto Salad, picturelink: mPTXyIeDOzH23Gcg3Bm3GCqSFvOeL0C}, 18378: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Cook the bacon over medium heat in a large skillet until brown and crisp, 8 to 9 minutes. Remove the bacon using a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Pour 14 cup of the bacon fat on a heavy rimmed baking sheet and spread evenly.nBeat the egg white and salt until just foamy using a whisk in a medium bowl. Gradually add the sugar and beat until just blended. Add the almonds, walnuts and cayenne pepper. Toss until the nuts are coated.nSpread the nut mixture in a single layer on the baking sheet. Bake until the nuts are crisp and brown, about 35 minutes, turning and stirring the nut mixture with a metal spatula every 10 to 15 minutes. Cool for 2 hours.nTransfer the nut mixture to a bowl add the bacon pieces and toss to blend. This recipe can be prepared 1 day ahead and stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [8 ounces 8 to 9 slices, applewoodsmoked bacon, cut crosswise into 1inch pieces, 1 large egg white, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup sugar, 1 cup raw almonds about 5 ounces, 1 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped about 4 ounces, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Sweet and Salty Bacon and Nuts, picturelink: .m8HYhpQhrgkYcmcQf2hYhvVi0SRQC}, 18379: {instructions: In a large skillet heat oil over medium high heat. Stir in onion and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in garlic, cayenne, cumin, chili powder and cook for 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes, beans, and water and stir well. Simmer mixture for 1520 minutes or until it has thickened. Stir in the chopped parsley or cilantro. Serve hot over rice with various toppings., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon chile powder, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, 2 cups cooked or canned black beans, soaked and rinsed, 1 cup water, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley or cilantro, 4 cups white rice, Salsa, grated cheddar cheese, sour cream, chopped red onions or scallions for garnish], title: Beans and Rice, picturelink: null}, 18380: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add bread crumbs and cook, tossing occasionally, until crumbs are crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in lemon zest. Transfer to a bowl and set aside wipe out pan.nCook pancetta in the same pan in 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat, until crisp, 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Season shrimp with salt and pepper. Sear shrimp in pan drippings over high heat until just cooked, 2 minutes a side. Add to pancetta.nCook pasta according to package directions until quite al dente, 5 minutes, reserving cooking water.nAdd garlic, capers, thyme and parsley to the skillet and cook until slightly toasted, 2 minutes. Add vermouth and lemon juice boil until reduced by about half.nAdd pasta to the sauce, along with 1 to 1 12 cups pasta water. Toss pasta with the pancetta, shrimp, and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Divide among warm pasta bowls. Serve with lemon bread crumbs on top and additional olive oil, as desired., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 cup fresh coarse bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 6ounce piece pancetta, diced, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined, and patted dry, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 13.25ounce box Whole Grain Spaghetti, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped Italian parsley, 12 cup dry white vermouth, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Whole Grain Spaghetti with Shrimp, Pancetta and Lemon Breadcrumbs, picturelink: null}, 18381: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over medium heat. Add the leeks and 2 tablespoons water season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until tender but not browned, about 8 minutes. Add the thyme and then the cream and cook until the liquid thickens, about 2 minutes set aside.nIn a 2quart shallow baking dish, arrange the sweet potato in overlapping layers. Spread the leek mixture evenly over the potatoes. Arrange the apples in an overlapping layer on the leeks. Brush the apples with the remaining tablespoon of oil and sprinkle with the Parmesan. Cover tightly with aluminum foil and bake 40 minutes. Uncover and continue to bake until the Parmesan is golden brown and melted, about 20 minutes more. The tip of a paring knife should easily pierce the apples and potatoes. Let cool 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 medium leeks, white and light green parts sliced lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 large sweet potato about 1 pound, peeled and sliced into 12inchthick rounds, 1 large or 2 medium red skinned apples, such as Gala or Honeycrisp about 12 ounces, halved, cored and cut into 14inch slices, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Sweet Potato, Apple and Leek Casserole, picturelink: 7Sz.Qoskp9Fg9aFpmLyytsTadMGvcC}, 18382: {instructions: Heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven or chili pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the meat, then crumble and brown. Add the garlic, chiles, onions, ginger, chili powder, coriander, cumin, turmeric and some salt and pepper. Cook for 5 minutes, then add the tomato paste and stir a minute more. Add the stock and simmer for the flavors to combine, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool and store for a makeahead meal.nStir together the yogurt and Sriracha and store in a airtight container in the refrigerator.nWhen ready to eat, reheat the curry chili over medium heat, adding more stock or water if needed, while you bake the sweet potato fries.nFor the fries: Place a rack in upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Cut the sweet potatoes into fairly thin fries, 14inch thick, and arrange on baking sheet. Spray with the cooking spray and season with salt and pepper. Bake for 7 to 8 minutes, then switch on the broiler and broil until brown and crispy at edges, 15 to 20 minutes, turning once.nMelt the butter in a small skillet over medium heat. When it foams, add the garlic and swirl for a minute. Toss the fries with the butter and cilantro in large bowl using tongs.nTo serve, arrange the fries on a platter or individual plates. Ladle the chili over the fries and top with the spicy yogurt, mint and scallions, and pass the limes for squeezing on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 pounds ground lamb or chicken, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 chile peppers, such as Fresno, jalapeno or finger peppers, seeded and finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 inch ginger root, grated or 1 teaspoon dried ginger powder, 1 tablespoon chili powder, such as Gebhardts, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground turmeric, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup plain Greek yogurt, 2 to 3 tablespoons Sriracha, 3 sweet potatoes 2 to 2 12 pounds, Natural nonstick cooking spray, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup fresh cilantro or parsley, finely chopped, Chopped fresh mint leaves, Scallions, Lime wedges], title: Indian Curried Chili and Oven Fries, picturelink: 0wyePaildBb6nBqf14P4zh3Kdx68GB2}, 18383: {instructions: Place the romaine in a large wooden bowl. In a mixing bowl, combine the garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, eggs and cheese. Mix well and pour over the greens. Add grilled vegetables, cooled. Toss and serve with homemade croutons.nCombine all of the vegetables except the eggplant in an airtight plastic bag. If you marinate the eggplant with the other vegetables, it will absorb all of the liquid, so marinate the eggplant separately in another bag. Mix the soy sauce and orange juice together and pour over the vegetables and seal the bags. Marinate at least 30 minutes.nPlace the vegetables on a vegetable rack or on foil into which holes have been punched and place them on the grill. Cook until tender.nMelt the butter in a saute pan. Add the bread. Sprinkle the garlic salt and herbs on top of the bread. Toss the bread pieces constantly, until all of the butter has been absorbed., ingredients: [1 head of romaine lettuce, torn apart or chopped, 2 cloves of garlic, chopped, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 4 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 hard boiled eggs, mashed, 6 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, grated, 2 medium zucchini, grilled and chopped, 1 cup of eggplant, grilled and chopped, 1 small onion, grilled and chopped, 1 large onion, sliced, 2 zucchini, sliced, 2 yellow squashes, sliced, 1 eggplant, sliced, 12 cup soy sauce, Juice of 2 medium oranges, 12 stick 2ounces butter, melted, 3 slices dayold bread, toasted and broken into bitesize pieces, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 14 teaspoon dried rosemary, 14 teaspoon dried sage, 14 teaspoon dried thyme], title: Caesar Salad with Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 18384: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut an oval in the top of the load of bread, scooping out the bread in the center and make a bread boat. Place the bread on a cooking sheet.nIn a large bowl, mix the cream cheese, Cheddar, beef, green onions, tomatoes, bell peppers, hot sauce and chili powder until fully combined. Spoon the mixture into the hollow center of the bread loaf. Bake for 30 minutes, until bubbling, and serve warm with corn chips., ingredients: [1 loaf French or Italian bread, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 10 ounces sharp Cheddar, grated about 2 12 cups, 6 ounces corned beef, such as Carl Buddig, finely chopped, 1 bunch green onions, finely chopped, 1 medium tomato, finely chopped, 12 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Large corn chips, for serving], title: Cheese Boat, picturelink: DGX8z8e.lQaNxcYJvXMjSMjc6TrOK2}, 18385: {instructions: Line an 8inchsquare baking pan with foil, pressing it into the corners and up the sides leave an overhang on 2 sides. Butter the foil and dust with flour. Position a rack in the lower third of the oven preheat to 400 degrees F.nBring 1 inch water to a gentle simmer in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. Put the chocolate and 2 sticks plus 2 tablespoons butter in a heatproof bowl set the bowl over the saucepan do not let the bowl touch the water. Stir occasionally until melted and smooth. Remove the bowl from the saucepan.nAdd the sugar, cocoa and salt to the bowl and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until smooth. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well between each addition, until the batter is thick and shiny. Add the vanilla, then add 1 cup flour and mix until combined. Spread in the prepared pan.nBake the brownies until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with just a few crumbs, about 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and scatter the marshmallows, chocolate chips and peanuts on top. Return to the oven continue baking until the marshmallows are golden, about 5 more minutes.nLet cool in the pan on a rack, 30 minutes. Lift the brownies out of the pan using the foil and transfer to a cutting board to cool completely before slicing.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [2 sticks plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 cups sugar, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs, cold, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup mini marshmallows, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 34 cup unsalted roasted peanuts], title: Brownie Rubble, picturelink: onJFt78gH9XO7HReiqAzHaBYG4srrW}, 18386: {instructions: Stir the sugar, salt and yeast into the warm water and allow to proof for about 15 minutes. The yeast will be activated and have the appearance of a head of beer. If it does not, it should be discarded and replaced with fresh yeast. Improper storage temperature will sometimes destroy yeast even if the date on the package indicates it has not yet expired.nAdd the flour and nutmeg to a food processor fitted with a dough blade or the bowl of a mixer fitted with a dough hook. Turn on the food processor and through the feed tube, gradually add the yeast mixture. Or turn on the mixer and gradually add the yeast mixture to the bowl of flour. Then add the olive oil and eggs. Mix until the dough comes together.nTransfer the dough to a large bowl and cover with a clean damp towel. Let rise in a warm place for about 1 hour. Punch down the dough and let it rise a second time in the same way. This will make the texture of the dough finer. Please note that the dough will not rise as much the second time.nHeat oil in deepfryer to 375 degrees F. or as directed on the manufacturers instructions for similar foods. Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled marble slab and knead for a few minutes. Divide the dough into eighths. Divide each eighth into thirds and roll into a cylinder about 12inch in diameter and 8 inches long. Connect the 2 ends of the cylinder and press firmly to make a circle. Grab the circle on each side and twist twice. Add zeppole to basket immersed in oil in deepfryer and fry until golden. Remove and drain on paper towels. Sift confectioners sugar over them while they are still warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 packet fastacting yeast, 1 12 cups warm water, between 100 and 120 degrees F as measured with a candy thermometer, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 eggs, beaten, 3 to 4 liters canola oil, or enough as needed to deepfry, 1 cup confectioners sugar], title: Zeppole, picturelink: null}, 18387: {instructions: In medium bowl, mix crushed cookies and 12 cup melted butter. Press mixture firmly in bottom of ungreased 13x9inch pan.nIn large bowl, stir together ice cream and 2 cups of the whipped topping spoon evenly over cookie crust. Freeze about 3 hours or until firm.nMeanwhile, in 2quart saucepan, melt 12 cup butter and the chocolate over low heat, stirring constantly.Stir in sugar gradually stir in milk. Heat to boiling over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly. Cook and stir 5 minutes or until slightly thickened stir in vanilla. Cool completely, about 2 hours.nPour 2 cups of the chocolate sauce evenly over ice cream. Freeze at least 8 hours but no longer than 2 weeks. Cover and refrigerate remaining sauce.nReheat reserved sauce until just warm. To serve, cut into 5 rows by 3 rows. Top with sauce and remaining whipped topping sprinkle with crushed candies.nTo soften the ice cream, place it in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nMake a dozen little desserts by dividing the cookie crust among 12 paperlined muffin cups, then filling with the ice cream mixture and continuing as directed., ingredients: [1 package 1 lb cremefilled chocolate sandwich cookies, crushed about 3 cups, 12 cup butter or margarine, melted, 12 gallon peppermint stick, party mint or mint chip ice cream, softened, 1 container 12 oz frozen whipped topping, thawed, 12 cup butter or margarine, 1 can 12 oz evaporated milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 13 cup crushed peppermint candies or candy canes, 4 oz unsweetened baking chocolate, chopped, 2 cups sugar], title: Easy Peppermint Dessert, picturelink: null}, 18388: {instructions: MICROWAVE ingredients in microwaveable bowl on HIGH 5 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted and mixture is well blended, stirring after 3 min., ingredients: [1 pkg. 10 oz. frozen chopped spinach, thawed, drained, 1 lb. 16 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes, 4 oz. 12 of 8oz. pkg. PHILADELPHIA Cream Cheese, cubed, 1 can 10 oz. ROTEL Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, undrained, 8 slices OSCAR MAYER Bacon, cooked, crumbled], title: VELVEETA Cheesy Spinach and Bacon Dip, picturelink: lDoTUA1FP2BYbLy3s1h5s1OfAvA4LkG}, 18389: {instructions: Method:nSlice yucca paperthin, sprinkle with salt. Heat oil to nearsmoking 360 to 375 degrees F. Drop yucca chips into oil. Fry until they float to top, and are golden and crispy. Drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with salt to taste., ingredients: [2 yucca roots, peeled or unpeeled, Salt to taste, Peanut or canola oil for frying], title: Fried Yucca, picturelink: null}, 18390: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a shaker with ice and mix vigorously. Stop when the shaker is too cold to hold. Strain into a chilled martini glass and garnish with a sour gummy worm or lemon twist., ingredients: [1 ounce vodka, 12 ounce Melon liquer, 12 ounce Southern Comfort, 1 ounce lime cordial], title: The Sour Apple, picturelink: null}, 18391: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat, saute the bacon until crisp and browned and the fat is rendered. With a slotted spoon, transfer bacon to paper towel and reserve. There should be about 4 tablespoons of bacon grease in pan.nAdd the onions and red pepper to pan. Saute until tender and translucent, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the jalapeno and garlic and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in the flour until thoroughly combined. Cook the flour until it reaches a slight blonde color, about 1 minute. Stir in the chicken stock and the potatoes and simmer for 10 minutes potatoes will become soft. Add the cream, corn, cayenne and bay leaf. Simmer for 15 more minutes. Pour into a serving bowl and garnish with the reserved bacon., ingredients: [4 pieces thicksliced bacon, chopped, 1 medium Vidalia onion, finely chopped, 1 medium red bell pepper, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small jalapeno, chopped seeds and ribs removed, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 large red potatoes, well scrubbed and small diced, 1 cup heavy cream, 16 ounces frozen corn, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 bay leaf], title: Ginas Spicy Corn Chowder, picturelink: Vu8DMMftHuWtOdvuJGIypBWqzZNQ0aO}, 18392: {instructions: Toast the bread. Trim the crusts. Halve the slices into 1 12by3inch pieces.nFor the prosciutto and ricotta: In a small bowl, mix together the ricotta, olive oil, lemon zest and salt. Spread the mixture on 6 pieces of bread. Ribbon a piece of prosciutto on top and garnish with 2 arugula leaves.nFor the avocado: Place 2 slices of avocado on 6 pieces of bread. Sprinkle evenly with the quinoa, sea salt and chile flakes.nFor the smoked salmon: In a small bowl, mix together the creme fraiche and capers. Spread evenly over the remaining 6 pieces of bread. Ribbon a piece of salmon over the top and garnish with 1 or 2 batons of chive., ingredients: [9 thin slices wholegrain bread, 3 tablespoons ricotta, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon lemon zest 12 lemon, Pinch kosher salt, 3 thin slices prosciutto San Daniele, halved lengthwise, 12 leaves baby arugula, 12 avocado, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons toasted quinoa see Cooks Note, 14 teaspoon flaky sea salt, 18 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoon creme fraiche, 2 teaspoons capers, chopped, 3 slices smoked wild salmon, halved, Twelve 1inch pieces fresh chives], title: OpenFaced Finger Sandwiches, picturelink: bCpgwqva.3350EorpAw3DadgJZCTHdS}, 18393: {instructions: Clean and wash the lemons. Cut off the top 14 of the lemons and shave a small slice off the bottom so it stands easily.nUsing a grapefruit knife, cut out the flesh of the lemon and place in a strainer set over a bowl. Be careful not to cut through the bottom. Stand the lemons on a cookie sheet and place in the freezer and freeze until solid.nPress the flesh of the lemons through the strainer to extract all of the juice. You should end up with about 1 to 1 12 cups of lemon juice. Add the water to the lemon juice. Stir in sugar, a tablespoon at a time, until the mixture is of desired sweetness. Add the thyme and limoncello and let sit for 15 minutes.nStrain the mixture into a roasting pan or baking dish. The dish should be large enough so the liquid is not more than 1inch deep. Freeze the mixture for 1 hour. Remove from the freezer and scrape with 2 forks to break up ice. Return to the freezer and freeze until solid, about 2 to 3 hours, scraping with forks every hour or so.nWhen the granite is frozen, scoop it into the frozen lemon shells and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 lemons, 4 cups water, Sugar, to taste, 3 sprigs thyme, 2 tablespoons limoncello], title: Lemon Granita, picturelink: SHvnY5kXbOUsvog.wElxZFjaH337Rvy}, 18394: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the catfish a shallow pan and cover with water. Add a tablespoon of the salt, cover with plastic wrap and soak overnight in the refrigerator.nMix the cornmeal, flour, the remaining1 teaspoon salt and the black pepper in a plastic bag. Drain the water from the catfish and transfer the fillets one at a time to the bag with the cornmeal. Shake the bag to coat the fish and place on a sheet tray or platter.nHeat the oil in a deep fryer or Dutch oven to 300 degrees F.nDrop a few fillets into the hot oil. Do not overcrowd. Cook the fish until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Remove the pieces with a slotted spoon and keep warm in an oven while frying the remaining pieces., ingredients: [6 large catfish fillets, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 2 quarts peanut oil], title: Petes Catfish, picturelink: 5OX7JnXkeKOdVRLiEnECr9YYRT6Aiei}, 18395: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In large bowl cream together butter, sugar and eggs. In another bowl combine flour and baking powder. Melt chocolate in microwave. Slowly add dry ingredients to wet ingredients. Stir to combine. Add chocolate, milk and coffee. Mix well. Pour into a buttered 8 square baking pan and bake for 30 minutes. Cool before serving., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup sugar, 2 squares unsweetened chocolate, 2 eggs, 1 cup flour, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons brewed coffee], title: Mocha Fudge Brownies, picturelink: kWQKPqhJzJB6Gy9pPUX23wTT17RPyjW}, 18396: {instructions: Wash the kale thoroughly and grasp it together into manageable bunches. Cut each bunch crosswise into very thin strips. Wash the strips again and drain them thoroughly.nIn a large heavy skillet heat the oil over medium heat. Cook the onion for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally, until softened and slightly golden. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more, or until the aroma is released. Add the kale strips and cook, tossing occasionally, until the greens are softened but still bright green, 5 to 7 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds young kale greens, tough stems removed, 3 tablespoons fruity olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, minced], title: Greens Mineiran Style, picturelink: null}, 18397: {instructions: Oven method great for a crowd of six or fewer: Put a rimmed baking sheet on the middle rack of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Make one sandwich per person: Sandwich 2 slices of cheese between 2 slices of bread. Spread or brush the outside of the sandwich with 1 tablespoon of fat. Place on the preheated baking sheet and cook until the cheese starts to melt, about 5 minutes. Flip the sandwich and bake until golden brown, an additional 5 minutes.nPanini press method for crispy crunchy sandwich that needs minimal attention: Sandwich 2 slices of cheese between 2 slices of bread. Preheat a panini press to medium heat. Spread or brush the outside of the sandwich with 1 tablespoon of fat and place in the press. Close the top and cook until lightly browned and the cheese is melted, 5 to 6 minutes.nSkillet method foolproof and lowtech: Sandwich 2 slices of cheese between 2 slices of bread. Preheat a skillet over mediumlow heat. Spread or brush the outside of the sandwich with 1 tablespoon of fat and cook until lightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the sandwich, and continue cooking until browned and the cheese is melted, 3 to 4 minutes more.nGreat combos:n1. Pepper jack and sourdough, brushed with chili oiln2. American and white bread, brushed with buttern3. Swiss and rye, brushed with mayon4. Cheddar and brioche, brushed with butter, ingredients: [2 ounces sliced melting cheese about 2 slices, such as American, Cheddar, muenster, Havarti, Swiss, fontina, Mozzarella, Monterey jack, pepper jack, provolone, 2 slices bread, such as white, rye, brioche, sourdough, potato, whole wheat, pumpernickel, 1 tablespoon fat, such as mayonnaise, butter or olive, chili or coconut oil], title: The Perfect Grilled Cheese, picturelink: AGanqgqEqiiu6inzdALDtQhSagONZKu}, 18398: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nSoak bamboo skewers for 1 hour in water. Cut each chicken thigh into 1inch by 1inch cubes. Cut negi into 1 14inch length pieces. Alternate three chicken pieces and three negi pieces on each skewer, 1 inch apart.nPlace the skewers on the grill and cook on both sides for about 3 to 4 minutes. Then, baste the skewers with the teriyaki sauce and continue to cook for about 2 minutes to 3 minutes while continuing to baste. Once off the grill, baste chicken skewer with teriyaki sauce 1 last time, and serve.nCombine all ingredients in a saucepot and reduce slowly until mixture becomes thick., ingredients: [4 chicken thighs, boneless skin on or off, 4 negi long green onion, white part only, Teriyaki baste, recipe follows, 8 bamboo skewers, 34 cup sake, 1 cup soy sauce, 18 cup sugar, 1 cup mirin, 18 cup roughly chopped green onion], title: Chicken and Negi on Skewers, picturelink: null}, 18399: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cube the pork, put it in a large roasting pan and cover it with the chicken broth.nSaute the bacon with the onions in a small skillet over medium heat and add it to the roasting pan. Stir in the salt, pepper, paprika and caraway seeds. Roast in the oven for 3 hours.nWhile the pork is roasting prepare the sauerkraut. Rinse the sauerkraut in cold water and put it into a large pot over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Drain and set aside. In a small bowl, whisk together the potato, the flour and the heavy cream. Add the drained sauerkraut and potato mixture to the roasted pork. Stir in the sugar and return the pork to the oven for 1 more hour.nRemove the goulash from the oven and transfer it to a serving bowl., ingredients: [2 12 pounds pork boneless picnic or loin, 4 cups chicken broth, 12 pound bacon roughly diced, 3 onions, sliced, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons caraway seeds, 5 pounds sauerkraut, 1 potato, finely grated, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup sugar], title: Szegedin Goulash, picturelink: null}, 18400: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread the nuts out on a large baking sheet. Bake until the nuts are lightly toasted, about 8 to 10 minutes.nIn the meantime, melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Add the remaining ingredients and stir to combine. Transfer the nuts to a serving bowl. Pour in the butter and toss to coat evenly. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [4 cups unsalted mixed nuts such as almonds, walnuts, cashews, peanuts, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Spiced Nuts, picturelink: null}, 18401: {instructions: For the chocolate:nMelt chocolate over a double boiler and dip half of each cannoli shell in the chocolate. Allow any excess chocolate to drip off then lay shells out on a silpat or waxed paperlined tray to set while you prepare the filling.nFor the filling:nLine a colander with cheesecloth, add the ricotta and let drain until very dry. Squeeze out any excess moisture in cheesecloth. Place the ricotta into the bowl of a stand mixer and beat on high for 5 to 7 minutes until light and fluffy. Add sugar, orange zest, chopped citron and vanilla extract, then mix on medium until just combined. Place the filling into a piping bag and fill chocolate dipped cannoli with the mixture. Serve as soon as possible., ingredients: [8 storebought cannoli shells, 1 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, 1 quart goodquality ricotta cheese, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon fresh orange zest, 14 cup chopped citron candied orange peel, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: ChocolateDipped Cannoli with Orange Ricotta Filling, picturelink: null}, 18402: {instructions: Trim the stem ends of the pepperoncini at an angle and, wearing rubber gloves, discard the seeds and ribs. Let the pepperoncini drain on paper towels. In a bowl cream the cream cheese with the butter until the mixture is smooth, add the dill, the shallot, and the lemon juice, and combine the mixture well. Stir in the salmon and salt and pepper well. Transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch decorative or plain tip, and pipe the smoked salmon and dill cream into the pepperoncini. The pepperoncini may be prepared 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled., ingredients: [20 pepperoncini pickled Tuscan peppers, about two 9ounce jars, drained, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill, 2 tablespoons minced shallot, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 3 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, finely chopped], title: Take 2 TheyRe Small Pepperoncini, picturelink: null}, 18403: {instructions: For the jasmine tea glaze: Combine the mirin, sake and sugar in a pot and simmer over medium heat until reduced by twothirds to a syrupy consistency. Remove from the heat and steep the tea bags for 5 minutes. Stir in the soy and set aside.nFor the hoisinbraised bacon: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Score the fat side of the bacon in a crisscross pattern. Heat the oil over high heat in a skillet, add the bacon fatside down, reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until a rich brown color is obtained, 10 minutes. Flip and cook for 10 minutes more. Drain off the fat and add the chicken stock to come twothirds of the way up the bacon slab. Braise in the oven for 45 minutes, and then brush with the hoisin and cook for 30 minutes more. Try to keep the level of chicken broth the same throughout braising.nRemove and let cool in the pan, and then remove the bacon and cut into 14inchthick slices. Strain the liquid and return to the pan. Cook until reduced to a thick glaze, about 30 minutes, and then stir in bacon. Cook until the bacon crisps and is well coated. Remove and let cool.nFor the green rice: Puree 1 cup stock, the basil, chives, cilantro and mint in a food processor until smooth. Saute the onions in the oil in a saucepan until softened, and then add the rice and lightly toast. Add the butter, herb puree, remaining stock and some salt and black pepper, stir, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a low simmer and cook until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is fluffy. Remove from the heat and keep covered.nFor the salad: Combine the vinegar, mustard, sweet soy and some salt and black pepper in a bowl. Whisk in the oil in a slow stream. Toss in the cabbage, radicchio, cashews and oranges.nFor the salmon: Sprinkle the salmon with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in large skillet over high heat and saute the salmon over mediumhigh heat for 2 minutes per side. Add the tea glaze and cook for 45 seconds. Arrange the salmon over bacon slices, pour over more tea glaze, and serve with orangecashew salad and timbales of the green rice., ingredients: [1 cup mirin, 12 cup sake, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 bags black jasmine tea, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 pound slab bacon, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup chicken stock, hot, 13 cup hoisin sauce, 3 cups chicken stock, hot, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, 1 small onion, diced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups basmati rice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon sweet soy sauce, 12 cup olive oil, 1 cup julienned napa cabbage, 1 cup julienned radicchio, 34 cup toasted cashews, 2 oranges, peeled and segmented, 8 pieces wild Alaskan salmon, about 8 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil], title: Jasmine Tea Glazed Alaskan Salmon with HoisinBraised Bacon, Green Rice and OrangeCashew Salad, picturelink: null}, 18404: {instructions: Trim 1 inch off the bottoms of the asparagus. Peel the stalks and cut them into 1 12inch lengths. Cut the roasted peppers into slivers, blend them with the olive oil and parsley and season to taste with salt and pepper. Set this mixture in the bottom of a mixing bowl.nSteam the asparagus for 3 to 4 minutes or until just cooked through when done, remove and toss with the peppers, olive oil and parsley serve with the veal chops., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, 1 inch trimmed off the bottom and peeled, 12 cup roasted red peppers from the jar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup chopped flat leaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steamed Asparagus with Roasted Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18405: {instructions: Preheat the grill to medium.nPut the tomatoes on the grill or in a cast iron pan. Grill until the tomato skins are blackened and charred. Add the tomatoes, onion, garlic, chipotle and 1 tablespoon of oil to a food processor. Puree until well mixed, with uniform texture and no large chunks. Coat a medium saucepan, over medium heat, with oil and pour in the tomato puree. Saute until the mixture is thick and most of the liquid has been cooked out, about 10 or 15 minutes. Add the oregano and saute for another 5 minutes. Add the bay leaf, hominy and stock. Reduce the heat and simmer until the oil rises to the surface of the stock, about 1 hour. Shred the chicken and stir it into the soup mixture.nTo serve, line soup bowls with spinach leaves. Ladle the pozole over the spinach. Garnish each bowl with 5 tortilla strips, a sliced avocado quarter, 1 tablespoon of shredded Pepper Jack Cheese, green onions, cilantro sprigs and a lime wedge on the side., ingredients: [4 ounces Roma tomatoes, 1 small chopped yellow onion, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo, 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus more for saute pan, 1 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano, 1 bay leaf, 3 pounds canned hominy, drained, 8 cups chicken stock, 8 ounces cooked chicken thigh meat, Spinach leaves, for serving, Fried corn tortilla strips, for garnish, Sliced avocado quarters, for garnish, Shredded Pepper Jack cheese, for garnish, Chopped green onion, for garnish, Cilantro springs, for garnish, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Monicas Chicken Pozole, picturelink: null}, 18406: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 3 34inch diameter by 2inch tall cans with tops and bottoms removed or 8 English muffin ringsnCombine the flour, nonfat dry milk, sugar, yeast, and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer. Mix on low for 10 seconds using the paddle attachment.nPut the water and shortening in microwavable container and heat to 120 to 130 degrees F, approximately 2 minutes. Stir until the shortening is thoroughly melted. Add the water mixture to the dry ingredients and mix on medium speed until well combined, stopping to scrape down the bowl halfway through mixing, about 3 minutes. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator, uncover and mix on medium speed, using the paddle attachment, for 3 minutes.nPosition the 8 cans on a half sheet pan and generously spray the rings and pan with nonstick spray. Sprinkle 12 teaspoon of oats in the bottom of each ring. Scoop the dough, with a 2ounce ice cream scoop or disher, into the rings, dividing the dough evenly between the rings. Sprinkle each top with 12 teaspoon of oats. Cover with parchment and let sit in a warm place for 60 minutes.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLeave the parchment in place and set a second sheet pan on top. Bake for 20 minutes then remove the top half sheet pan. Continue to bake until the muffins reach an internal temperature of 210 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, and are lightly browned, about 5 to 10 minutes.nRemove the pan with the muffins still in the rings, to a cooling rack for 10 minutes. Slide a knife around the perimeter of the ring to loosen. Cool completely before splitting with a fork. To serve, toast under broiler for 3 to 4 minutes.nPut 4 6ounce custard cups in a 6quart deep, straightsided saute pan or rondeau. Add 4 quarts of water or enough to cover the cups by at least 14inch. Add the vinegar and salt to the water and put the pan over high heat. Heat just until the water begins to boil and the cups clatter against the bottom of the pan, 20 to 25 minutes.nAdjust the heat to maintain a water temperature of 205 degrees F outside the cups. Break the eggs, 1 at a time, into another custard cup or ladle. Pour the eggs slowly into each of the cups, timing them about 10 seconds apart. Cook for 5 minutes each.nServe immediately or remove eggs from cups and transfer to an ice bath to stop cooking. Refrigerate for up to 6 hours in the ice bath.nTo reheat, bring water to a simmer, turn off the heat and add the eggs. Wait 1 to 2 minutes or until warmed through.nWhisk together the egg yolks, water, salt and 14 teaspoon of the cayenne in a 2 quart saucier for 1 minute.nPut the saucier over low heat and whisk vigorously, moving the pan on and off the heat every 10 to 15 seconds, bringing the mixture to 140 to 145 degrees F, on an instantread thermometer, approximately 3 minutes. Add 1 piece of butter at a time, every 30 seconds, while continually whisking and moving the saucier on and off the heat. Maintain temperature around 120 to 130 degrees F throughout the remainder of the cooking process. Once half of the butter, or 8 pieces, have been added, add 1 tablespoon of lemon juice. Add the remaining 8 pieces of butter, 1 at a time, every 30 seconds, while continuing to move the saucier on and off the heat and maintaining 120 to 130 degrees F. After the last piece of butter has been added, add the remaining 1 tablespoon of lemon juice, the remaining 14 teaspoon cayenne, and the sugar and whisk for 1 to 2 minutes.nTaste and add more lemon juice, as desired. Move immediately to a short, widemouthed thermos to hold for up to 2 hours. Reheat over low heat for 45 seconds.nPut the julienned Canadian bacon in 10inch saute pan set over medium heat. Cook, stirring frequently, until heated through and beginning to turn lightly brown around the edges, approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Turn off the heat, but leave the bacon in the pan to keep warm until serving.nFor each serving, put 2 small dollops of hollandaise on a plate and set 12 an English muffin on top of each dollop. Put a small amount of Canadian bacon on top of each half and top with 1 warm poached egg and drizzle with hollandaise. Repeat with remaining ingredients and serve immediately., ingredients: [Yeast Based Eggs Benedict Foundation Platform English Muffin, recipe follows, Poached Eggs, recipe follows, Hollandaise Sauce, recipe follows, 8 slices Canadian bacon, julienned, 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 12 ounces nonfat dry milk, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 envelope active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 10 ounces water, 1 tablespoon shortening, Nonstick spray, 8 teaspoons rolled quick oats, 4 quarts water, 14 cup white vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 large eggs, 3 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon water, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cayenne, divided, 3 to 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice strained, divided, 8 ounces cold unsalted butter, cut into tablespoonsize pieces, 14 teaspoon sugar], title: Eggs Benedict, picturelink: V4wUYQwmFdGFHYp1FUTpD8KN5RqCOiS}, 18407: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPoke holes in the sweet potato halves with a fork. Place on a parchment or foillined baking sheet and bake until fork tender, about 1 hour. Alternatively, microwave on high until the flesh is fork tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Set aside.nTie the sage, thyme and rosemary sprigs together with kitchen twine or a clean rubber band and set aside.nHeat a Dutch oven over medium heat and cook the bacon, stirring often, until crisp, about 10 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate and discard all but 1 tablespoon of the pan drippings.nPat the beef dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Return the Dutch oven to the stovetop on mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, brown the meat on all sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the broth, onions, carrots, celery, tomato paste, garlic and herb bundle. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Cover and cook for 1 hour on low heat.nUncover and cook at a low simmer until the meat is tender and the vegetables are cooked through, 45 minutes.nScoop out the flesh from the cooked sweet potatoes and place in a blender. Carefully add 1 cup of the stewing liquid and the cashew butter to the blender, then puree until smooth. Add the puree to the stew and stir well. Simmer to thicken, 5 minutes, then season with salt and pepper. Remove the herb bundle and serve the stew garnished with the bacon bits and parsley leaves., ingredients: [12 ounces sweet potatoes, halved lengthwise, 4 fresh sage leaves, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 sprig rosemary, 4 pieces uncured, nitratefree bacon, cut across in 14inch strips, 1 12 pounds stewing beef, cut into 2inch chunks, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups unsalted chicken broth, 2 cups 1inch diced onions, 1 cup 1inch sliced carrots, 1 cup 1inch sliced celery, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 5 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons cashew butter, Fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Paleo Beef and Sweet Potato Stew, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 18408: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, oil and 1 tablespoon water in a medium bowl and whisk to combine. Add the cucumbers, cover, and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Serve chilled., ingredients: [12 cup plus 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 4 teaspoons sugar, 4 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 English cucumbers, thinly sliced on a mandoline], title: Marinated Cucumber Salad, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 18409: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 large syringe 12 8 inch balloons Nitrogen gas Liquid NitrogennPreheat oven to 300 to 315 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, cook butter over high heat until browned. Reduce temperature to cool slightly then add sugar, walnut puree and salt. Increase heat again so that the mixture comes to a boil. Place chocolate in a large stainless steel bowl. Pour boiling mixture over chocolate. Whisk the new mixture until smooth and emulsified. Whisk in eggs and egg yolks. Pour mixture into individual 2 12 inch ramekins. Place the ramekins in a large pan filled with enough water to come up to a third of the side of ramekins. Bake for approximately 30 minutes until the custard is set. Let cool to room temperature, cover and reserve in refrigerator.nTo plate:nAfter custard is cooled, remove from ramekin. On an oblong plate place the custard on the left side of the plate and the strawberry sphere on the right hand side of the plate. At Moto, Chef Cantu added bright green shiso foam to the custard and some strawberry pastry cream under the sphere, so you can feel free to dress your plate to your taste.nPuree strawberries in a blender. Strain strawberries through a fine mesh sieve and season with remaining ingredients.nUsing the syringe, fill balloons with 60 cc of strawberry puree. Then inflate the balloons with nitrogen gas to the size of ones fist. Securely tie the balloon. Pour liquid nitrogen into a Styrofoam container, enough to roll the balloons in. Roll each balloon in a circular motion on all sides until completely frozen 1 to 2 minutes. Then hang the frozen balloons freely on a hanger or warm in your hands until the balloon is able to pull away from the ice. Using scissors cut a small incision on one side of the balloon and peel it away from the sphere. Discard the balloon. Refreeze the resulting sphere in liquid nitrogen using the same rolling technique. Wrap in the plastic and store in the freezer until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pound butter, 8 ounces sugar, 9 ounces walnut puree see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pound white chocolate, 7 whole eggs, 3 egg yolks, Strawberries, recipe follows, 1 pint strawberries, 12 cup simple syrup, equal parts sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves, 12 cup water, Salt, to taste, Lemon juice, to taste], title: Strawberries and Brown Butter, picturelink: null}, 18410: {instructions: Melt the white chocolate with the butter in a saucepan over low heat. Add the dulce de leche and stir until incorporated. Remove from the heat and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F 220 degrees C.nUsing a stand or hand mixer, beat the eggs with the sugar until the mixture is pale and has doubled in volume. Gradually add the white chocolate mixture, and then the flour. Take your time to avoid lumps.nDivide the batter among 6 ramekins. Bake until the cakes are golden brown and the centers are still soft, about 15 minutes. Sprinkle with sea salt and serve., ingredients: [2 cups500ml chopped white chocolate, 14 cup60ml butter, plus more for the ramekins, 2 cups500ml storebought dulce de leche, 4 eggs, at room temperature, 14 cup60ml sugar, 1 cup250ml allpurpose flour, Maldon sea salt, for sprinkling on top], title: Molten Caramel Cakes, picturelink: null}, 18411: {instructions: Place 14 cup vegetable oil, sugar, vinegar, ginger, sriracha, sesame oil, garlic and orange juice and zest in a food processor and process for 15 seconds. Put the pork chops in a heavyduty resealable plastic bag. Add half of the marinade and reserve the other half until serving. Squeeze out the air, seal and move the chops around in the bag to coat evenly. Marinate in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes, and up to 8 hours. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Remove the chops from the bag. Place the reserved marinade in a small saucepot. Bring to a boil to reduce and thicken the sauce a bit, about 2 minutes. Heat large stainless saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add the remaining 1 teaspoon oil. Brown the chops in the hot pan, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Place the saute pan in the oven and cook until done 155 degrees F internal temperature. Serve with a spoonful of the glaze, with cilantro and sliced green onions sprinkled on top., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Sriracha, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup plus 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, Zest and juice of 1 orange, Eight 4ounce thin pork chops, bonein about 14inch thick, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish, 2 green onions, sliced], title: Asian Marinated Pork Chops, picturelink: GUWuXTZOXbAsquUI1i51cus9UPRiaOO}, 18412: {instructions: For an alternative replace the lemon, garlic and thyme with 1 12 teaspoons cumin and 2 tablespoons chopped parsleynIn a mixing bowl, add garlic, thyme, and lemon juice to the yogurt and mix well. Place mixture in cheesecloth, set over a colander, set over a bowl and place in refrigerator for 12 hours.nDiscard liquid and place remaining yogurt in bowl. Add salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons roasted, mashed garlic about 12 cloves, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons picked and finely chopped thyme, 2 14 teaspoons fresh squeezed lemon juice, 1 quart plain yogurt, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper], title: Herb Spread, picturelink: null}, 18413: {instructions: Combine all dairy into a saucepan along with the sugar. Split and scrape the vanilla beans into the dairy and sugar mixture. Bring to 170 degrees F. to dissolve sugar then let cool at room temperature. Chill in the refrigerator overnight. While dairy is heating, grate nutmeg into pumpkin and add the other spices. Mix in a bowl to combine and chill overnight in the refrigerator. The next day, take pumpkin and dairy mixture out. Filter dairy mixture to remove large vanilla bean pieces. Add some of the dairy mixture to the pumpkin and mix well to loosen it up. Then mix both the dairy and pumpkin together. Freeze in your ice cream freezer according to the manufacturers instructions. Let the ice cream harden for at least two hours unless serving all immediately., ingredients: [4 cups half and half, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 2 vanilla beans, 1 12 cups white sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 7.5 oz canned pumpkin, 1 tsp. nutmeg, 1 tsp. ground cinnamon, 12 tsp. ground ginger, 14 tsp. ground cloves], title: Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 18414: {instructions: Heat a griddle over high heat. Sear the lemon slices on each side until they become slightly caramelized. Set aside. When ready to serve, chop the beef filet as finely as possible by hand using a sharp knife. Form the chopped meat into loose balls, about 1 ounce each.nPlace the seared lemons on a plate and top with the filet tartare balls. Serve immediately with lemon zest and sea salt as accompaniments., ingredients: [7 lemons, sliced 14 inch thick about 48 slices, plus zest of 6 lemons, 3 pounds centercut beef filet, Sea salt], title: Beef Tartare Bocconcino di Tartara, picturelink: null}, 18415: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender or food processor blend the avocado, tomatillos, cilantro, water and salt, until you get a smooth puree. Set aside. In a blender or food processor blend the tomatoes, chipotles, water and salt, until you get a smooth puree. Set aside.nSeason the shrimp with salt and on a grill or broiler cook the shrimp until tender being careful not to overcook.nOn a mediumsize plate place the avocado sauce on half of the plate, and on the other half the tomatochipotle sauce garnish the plate with the mango slices and set the grilled shrimp between the 2 salsas., ingredients: [12 medium avocado peeled and pitted, 2 medium tomatillos, husks removed, 12 cup cilantro, 1 cup cold water, plus 1 cup for chipotle sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, plus 12 teaspoon for chipotle sauce, 3 medium plum tomatoes, roasted, peeled and seeded, 7 canned chipotles, seeds removed, 1 pound tiger shrimp 1620 count peeled and deveined, 1 medium fresh mango peeled and cut into thin wedges], title: Camarones al Carbon: Grilled Tiger Shrimp with Two Sauces, picturelink: Hw4I2xoCtlXgt4lUS.Ni92DSuBECS}, 18416: {instructions: For the juice:nHeat the water in a small pan and add the ginger pieces. Bring to the boil, add the rock sugar, and let the juice simmer over low heat for 5 minutes, before serving.nFor the sauce:nAdd the water, ketchup, soy sauce, sugar, and cornstarch, to a bowl, and mix well. Set aside.nFor the crab:nHeat a wok over a high heat and add the groundnut oil. Add the garlic, ginger, chiles, and stirfry for 30 seconds. Add the crab to the wok and stirfry for an additional 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the chile sauce, and cook for 1 minute, then add the water and lime juice.nFor the egg noodles:nCombine the noodles and the chile flakes and adjust their seasonings with the soy sauce. Toss the ingredients, and then stir in half of the spring onions and half of the chopped cilantro.nTo serve, plate the crab with the egg noodles and top with the remaining spring onion slices and cilantro. Serve immediately with a shot glass of Ginger Juice., ingredients: [2 cups hot water, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, 1 1 12 by 1 12inch chunk Rock sugar or 2 to 3 tablespoons soft brown sugar, 9 ounces water, 5 tablespoons tomato ketchup, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 4 tablespoons groundnut oil, 6 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 3 medium red chiles, seeded and finely sliced, 1 pound freshly cooked crab, inedible parts discarded, claws removed and cracked, legs removed, remaining shell chopped into quarters, 5 ounces water, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 11 ounces fine egg noodles or dried yellow Shi wheat flour noodles, cooked, drained and drizzled with a little sesame oil to prevent sticking, 12 teaspoon dried chile flakes, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 2 spring onions, sliced lengthwise, divided, Handful fresh cilantro leaves and stalks, roughly chopped, divided], title: Chile Crab, picturelink: null}, 18417: {instructions: While still warm cut potatoes into 14 inch chunks or medium dice. Then whisk together tarragon vinegar, salt, mustard and olive oil. Drizzle vinaigrette over warm potatoes., ingredients: [3 cup French potato salad 2 pounds potatoes cooked and peeled, 14 cup white wine, 2 tablespoon tarragon vinegar, 1 teaspoon dijon, 6 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, Pepper, Parsley], title: French Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 18418: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a tube pan.nCream the butter and shortening together in a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, starting at the slowest setting and increasing to a medium speed after 3 or 4 minutes. Cream on this setting until done.nAdd the sugar a little at a time. Add the eggs, 1 egg at a time, mixing after each addition, until well incorporated.nIn a mixing bowl combine the flour, baking powder and salt, and mix with a wire whisk until thoroughly combined.nReduce the stand mixer setting to the lowest speed. Start adding a little of the dry ingredient mix followed by some milk. Alternate the dry ingredients and the milk ending with dry ingredients. Then add the vanilla extract.nPour the batter into the prepared tube pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the pound cake comes out clean, 1 hour to 1 hour 30 minutes.nRemove the pound cake from the oven and let it cool down for 3 to 5 minutes.nGently flip tube pan over to remove the cake, and cool the pound cake on a wire rack. If the pound cake cools too long while still in the tube pan, it might break or not come out.nCool the cake for 30 minutes before dusting with confectioners sugar. Serve the same day or lightly toasted the following day., ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature 2 sticks, plus more for greasing, 3 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, plus more for dusting, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 3 cups granulated sugar, 5 large eggs, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon table salt, 1 cup milk, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar], title: Pound Cake, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 18419: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pierogi dough: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, add the flour, olive oil, eggs, salt and 2 12 cups warm water. Start the mixer on slow for a minute, and then switch to high for another couple of minutes until the dough pulls away from the bowl. Then slow the mixer down to medium speed and slowly add the remaining 1 cup warm water. Once the water is absorbed, return the mixer to high and let the dough beat for 10 minutes.nRemove from the bowl. Cut the dough into 4 pieces. Form into balls, spray with nonstick spray, wrap in plastic wrap and let rest in a warmer area for 20 minutes.nSpray the counter or large cutting board with the nonstick spray and begin to roll the dough with a rolling pin. Roll until a consistent thickness of 14inch. Then spray with nonstick spray. If it gets too thin, thats ok as you can reball and roll out again. Use about a 3inch circle cutter and press down hard and give a slight twist to completely separate from the rest of the dough, continue this throughout the entire piece.nRemove the scraps and inbetweens, save, reball and reroll. Then flip the circle cutouts they are ready to be stuffed.nFor the mashed potato filling: Boil the red potatoes, leaving the skin on, in a stock pot with 2 tablespoons kosher salt. Once the potatoes are soft, drain off the water and place in the mixer bowl with the dough hook or paddle attachment. Add the butter right away so it will start to melt. Then add the cream cheese, sour cream, granulated garlic, onion powder and black and white peppers into the bowl and mix on a medium speed. Mix until smooth and free of all lumps. Now add the farmers cheese and mix on high for a couple minutes until a little fluffy. Season with kosher salt. Loosen with milk if necessary. Let cool.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper and spray with nonstick spray so the delicate dough doesnt stick. Place about 1 teaspoon of the potato and cheese filling in the center of all the cutouts. I like to use a bamboo skewer or large toothpick to remove the filling from the spoon to keep your hands clean. Then pick up the dough with two hands and fold over the filling. Slightly pull out both sides at the base of the fold, then continue to pull, then pinch, and form and seal as you continue around the half moon. Double check for any areas that arent smooth or completely sealed. Repeat. Place on the prepared baking sheet.nIn a large saucepan bring threequarters of a gallon of water and 1 tablespoon kosher salt to a rapid boil. One by one, drop in the pierogis. Parboil them until they float, about 5 minutes. Then place them back on the baking sheet to let cool.nTo serve: Cover the bottom of a saute pan with olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Once the oil is hot, saute the pierogis they should sizzle once they hit the oil. After a minute or so, flip them, looking for a golden brown color. Plate with the sauteed onions and a side of sour cream for dipping. Drizzle with the butter and sprinkle with the parsley. Enjoy, ingredients: [4 pounds allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 12 cups warm water 110 degrees F, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 pounds red potatoes, Kosher salt, 1 stick butter, 4 ounces cream cheese, 3 ounces sour cream, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 1 pound soft European farmers cheese, Milk to thin, if necessary, Nonstick cooking spray, 4 ounces olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, julienned and sauteed, Sour cream, 1 ounce clarified butter, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Potato and Cheese PanFried Pierogi, picturelink: 04.i4561ZEuV.CczIxbUMvPAfPs2rq}, 18420: {instructions: Special equipment: marshmallow molds, candy thermometernFor the marshmallows: Heat 23 cup water with 34 cup sugar and the corn syrup in a onequart sauce pan over medium heat. While the syrup is heating up, place 34 cup water in a shallow 2 cup bowl and sprinkle the gelatin powder over the top. Once the gelatin has completely dissolved, mix the contents gently. While the syrup is heating up, begin to whip the egg whites and the cream of tartar with a hand mixer. Once the egg whites have reached a medium peak, sprinkle the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar into the whites and continue mixing.nOnce the syrup reaches 260 degrees F, mix in the gelatin mixture and stream this into the egg whites. Let this mixture cool slightly and add the peach compound.nCombine the cornstarch and powdered sugar. Pipe the marshmallow mixture into whatever shape desired, into mold that has been sprinkled with the cornstarch and powdered sugar. Sprinkle the powdered sugar cornstarch mix on top and let dry.nFor the Graham crackers: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a handmixer, cream together the butter, brown sugar and molasses until it lightens in color. Sift the allpurpose flour, whole wheat flour, cinnamon, wheat germ, baking soda and salt together. Add the dry ingredients to the creamed mixture in two parts. Do not over mix. Cover in plastic and place in the refrigerator for about 20 minutes. Lightly dust the rolling surface with allpurpose flour, and roll the graham crackers down to 14inch. Cut with a circle cutter the size of a quarter and bake for 12 to 15 minutes.nFor the jelly: Mix 1 tablespoon of the sugar with the pectin. Place the strawberry puree into a onequart saucepan. Bring the strawberry puree to a simmer, and sprinkle the pectin sugar on top. Once this mixture comes to a boil, add the remaining 1 cup sugar, the glucose and citric acid. On a low heat, bring the mixture to 215 degrees F. Pour the mixture into a glass bowl and cover with plastic wrap in order to prevent the mixture from forming a skin.nFor the ganache: Using a hand mixer, cream together the butter and jelly until it lightens in color. Next, stream in the warm white chocolate and the balsamic vinegar. Do not overmix. Scrape this into a disposable pastry bag, and pipe these into quartersize discs. Once the butter chocolates have set, start to melt the dark chocolate couverture. Try not to take the chocolate temperature above 120 degrees F, because if you do, the smores will be hard to handle. Dip each chocolate into the dark chocolate and let set. There is no need to temper the chocolate because you will eventually set the marshmallow on fire.nTo assemble: Place the graham cracker down, then place a butter ganache, and top with a marshmallow. Carefully set the marshmallow on fire and blow it out when the smore reaches the proper tastiness. Repeat for the remaining smores. Eat immediately. If these are prepared earlier, just set the marshmallows on fire right before you are ready to serve., ingredients: [34 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 2 12 tablespoons gelatin powder, 2 large egg whites about 14 cup, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 tablespoons peach compound or the compound of your choosing, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 8 ounces unsalted butter, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 13 cup molasses, 1 12 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 cup wheat germ, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon apple pectin, 1 cup strawberry puree, 1 tablespoon glucose, 1 teaspoon citric acid, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 12 cup strawberry jelly, 10 ounces white chocolate couverture, melted, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 8 ounces dark chocolate couverture], title: Deconstructed Smores, picturelink: null}, 18421: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a small bowl, whisk together the sugar and spices.nIn another bowl, toss the fruit with the vanilla, and orange juice.nIn a roasting pan or ovenproof baking dish, arrange the fruit cutside up pouring any extra juice in the baking dish. Sprinkle evenly with sugar and spices.nRoast for approximately 20 minutes or until the fruit is fork tender.nServe the roasted fruit over vanilla bean ice cream accompanied by a shortbread cookie. You could also serve fruit with fresh whipped cream or creme fraiche and use it as a filling or topping for crepes.nRoasted Fruit Variations:nPeaches and Cream: Roast peaches with cinnamon and nutmeg. Serve with sweetened cream in between sliced buttermilk biscuits.nCranberryPear Walnut: Roast 4 sliced Anjou or Bosc pears with 34 cup fresh or frozen cranberries. Substitute the brown sugar for white sugar and add cinnamon. After the pears are roasted top with toasted walnuts.nVanillaRoasted Nectarines: Roast the nectarines seasoned with cardamom and slightly increase the vanilla extract. Serve with creme fraiche that has been sweetened with honey and vanilla., ingredients: [14 cup sugar or honey, 12 teaspoon ground spices recommended: cinnamon, nutmeg, or cardamom, optional, 3 to 4 cup about 1 12 pounds fresh fruit, pitted, sliced, or halved recommended: peaches, plums, nectarines, apricots, pears, apples, pineapple, mangos, strawberries, or bananas, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract or 12 vanilla bean, 14 cup fresh orange or lemon juice, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Roasted Stone Fruit Variations, recipes follow], title: Roasted Stone Fruit, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 18422: {instructions: Roll dough out into rectangular shape a little less than a 12 inch thick. Combine sugar, cinnamon, raisins and walnuts. Spread melted butter over dough and sprinkle with sugar mixture. Roll up along the long side of dough. Form into a wreath and pinch ends together. Place on greased baking sheet. Using scissors or a sharp knife slice 34 of the way through every 1 12 inches. Arrange slices out on sides to form wreath. Cover with damp cloth and let rise in warm place for 45 minutes. Bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 loaf frozen bread dough, thawed, 6 tablespoons butter, melted, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup chopped walnuts], title: Coffee Cakes, picturelink: null}, 18423: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Cut the butter into pats and add to a medium heatproof bowl along with the chocolate chips. Place the bowl over 1 inch of simmering water, making sure the bowl doesnt touch the water. Once the butter and chocolate start to melt, stir to combine and remove from the heat. Finely crush the chocolate wafers in a food processor until it becomes a fine meal. In a large bowl, combine the wafer crumbs with the melted chocolate and blend until the crumbs are moistened. Reserve a heaping 1 cup crumb mixture in a small bowl. Press the remaining crumb mixture in the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch diameter springform pan with 3inch high sides. Freeze 1 hour.nFor the glaze: In a large, heavybottomed saucepan, bring the cream and corn syrup to a boil over medium heat. Remove from the heat, add the chocolate and whisk until it melts. Set aside to cool until room temperature, about 1 hour.nFor the filling: Quickly mix the ice cream, crushed candies and extract in a large bowl with a wooden spoon until blended. Put half the ice cream mixture onto the frozen crust and spread out. Evenly scatter the reserved cookie crumbs over the ice cream in the springform pan, pressing the crumbs down gently. Pour half of the chocolate glaze over the cookie crumbles and ice cream Freeze for about 3 hours.nWhen you about ready to repeat the layers, place the glaze back over low heat, just until pourable, but not warm. Remove the springform pan from the freezer and repeat with the remaining ice cream and glaze. Place back into the freezer for at least 3 hours or overnight.nRemove the cake from the freezer about 20 minutes before serving for easy removal of the springform sides. Release the pan sides and transfer the cake to a platter. Break off irregular pieces of the Candy Brittle and peel off the foil as you go. Press the brittle upright, candy side out, onto the top and sides of cake.nIn a small, heavy bottomed saucepan over mediumlow heat, cook the sugar, 34 cup water and corn syrup until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat and boil, without stirring, until a candy thermometer registers 300 degrees F, about 15 minutes.nPlace a 24inch long sheet of foil on your work surface. Be extremely careful, the syrup is extremely hot. Pour the boiling syrup in wide zigzag lines across the foil. Working quickly and using an oiled offset metal spatula, spread the syrup evenly onto the foil, leaving a 1inch border. Immediately sprinkle with all the candies, pressing the larger pieces into the syrup to make sure they stick. Be careful not to touch the syrup. Cool completely., ingredients: [1 stick plus 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 23 cups semisweet chocolate, 2 9ounce packages chocolate wafer cookies about 80 cookies, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 cup light corn syrup, 1 cup semisweet chocolate, 8 cups 1.75 quarts premium vanilla ice cream, slightly softened in refrigerator for 20 minutes, 1 cup coarsely crushed red and white striped hard peppermint candies, 1 teaspoon peppermint extract, Candy Brittle, recipe follows, 2 14 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons light corn syrup, 2 cups assorted candies hot cinnamon candies, after dinner mints, candy cane pieces, sliced spice drops], title: Chocolate Peppermint Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 18424: {instructions: For the clams: Bring the wine and 12 cup water to a boil in a large saucepan, stir in the littleneck clams, cover and steam until the clams open, about 5 minutes. Discard any clams that do not open. Remove the clams with a slotted spoon and place in a bowl to cool.nBring the broth back to a boil, add the cockles and cook until open, about 5 minutes. Discard any cockles that do not open. Remove with a slotted spoon to a separate bowl these will be used in their shells as a garnish.nStrain the clam broth through a mesh strainer lined with cheesecloth into a bowl. Set aside.nRemove the littleneck clams from their shells and coarsely chop.nFor the potato: Put the potato in a small saucepan, cover with cold water, add 1 tablespoon salt and bring to a boil. Cook until a paring knife inserted into the center meets with some resistance, about 15 minutes. Drain and let cool slightly, about 10 minutes.nHeat the butter and oil in a castiron or nonstick pan until it begins to shimmer. Cut the potato into a 12inch dice. Add the potato to the pan, season with salt and pepper and cook until lightly golden brown on all sides.nFor the bacon: Heat the oil in a small pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until golden brown and the fat has rendered, about 10 minutes. Remove the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels.nFor the fried okra: Heat the oil in a small saucepan until it begins to shimmer. While the oil heats, season the okra with salt and pepper, dredge in the cornmeal. Fry in the oil, in batches if needed, until golden brown and just tender, about 4 minutes. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels and season with salt.nFor the chowder: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots, carrot and celery and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the anchovy and chile flakes and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly.nAdd the clam juice and reserved clam broth and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, add the reserved littleneck clams and cook for 10 minutes. Add the parsley, oregano and thyme and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the creme fraiche and lemon zest until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nLadle the soup into bowls, top with some of the potatoes, bacon, okra and reserved cockles. Garnish with parsley leaves., ingredients: [1 12 cups dry white wine, 3 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed, 12 cockles, scrubbed, 1 large Yukon gold potato, scrubbed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 pound slab bacon, cut into 12inch dice, 1 cup canola oil, 2 medium okra, cut into 14inchthick slices, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup yellow or white cornmeal, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 shallots, finely diced, 14 cup finely diced carrot, 14 cup finely diced celery, 2 anchovy fillets in oil, patted dry and chopped, Pinch Calabrian chile flakes or red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups clam juice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, plus more leaves for garnish, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 12 cup creme fraiche, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: New England Clam Chowder Kissed by Manhattan, picturelink: DgjqUTRepw6S.mWW55zpXOZznwkBvBO}, 18425: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 450 degrees.nHeat a large sauce pot on medium heat and add the butter and olive oil. When they are melted add the garlic, jalapenos, onion, red bell pepper and fennel. Add a little cracked black pepper and the bay leaf. Stir and allow to cook until very fragrant, about 5 minutes. Now add the clams, shrimp and wine. Cover the pot. Turn the heat to high. Let the clams steam open and remove them to a bowl as they do. Remove the shrimp too. Turn off the heat and allow the broth to cool a little.nRemove the clams and shrimp from their respective shells. Cut the shrimp into bite sized pieces and reserve with the clams for later.nStrain the vegetable and clam liquor and reserve combined with the chicken stock. Warm them both together in a separate pot. Clean out the sauce pot and return it to the stove. Turn the heat on to medium and add the reserved 3 tablespoons virgin olive oil. When it is warm add the rice and stir well to coat all of the grains.nBegin adding the reserved the liquorstock mixture by adding 1 cup of it first, stirring constantly allowing it to become almost entirely assimilated by the rice. Now add in the next 14 cup of stockliquor and the saffron and stir again. Repeat stirring and add all of the broth and stock until all of it is absorbed. Season to taste. Fold in the cooked shrimp and clams.nSpoon this mixture into the poblanos and place them on a nonstick baking sheet pan and warm through. Serve immediately, ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons plus 3 tablespoons virgin olive oil, 3 cloves of raw, minced garlic, 2 jalapenos, stems and seeds discarded, minced, 12 of a red onion, diced medium, 1 red bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, diced small, 12 bulb fennel, core discarded and diced small, 1 bay leaf, broken, 6 large shrimp still in their shells, 18 tiny clams, scrubbed, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup arborio rice, 1 medium pinch saffron, 2 12 cups chicken stock, Salt and pepper, to taste, 6 small Poblano chilies, fried and peeled, seeds discarded, stem left on], title: Paellita en Relleno, picturelink: null}, 18426: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the Gorgonzola in a small mixing bowl and mash it with a fork. Add the sour cream, buttermilk, mayonnaise, white wine vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and black pepper and whisk to combine. Serve or store in an airtight container, in the refrigerator, for up to 1 week., ingredients: [4 ounces Gorgonzola, 13 cup sour cream, 13 cup buttermilk, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: 1dB7MvdgRhBZkfuf7WOL8o18NQIX3b2}, 18427: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan heat 14 cup of the olive oil. When almost smoking, add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Cook until all the liquid has evaporated from the mushrooms, about 6 minutes. Add spinach and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and place mixture into the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until you get a coarse texture. Place in bowl and stir in mascarpone and Parmesan cheese. Check for seasoning and set aside.nLine up 3 wrappers on a cutting board. Brush with the egg andnwater mixture. Using a tablespoon, arrange 4 dollops of the filling on each wrapper u00bf 2 on the first row and 2 on the second u00bf 1inch apart. Place another wrapper directly on top, pressing around the filling and sealing the edges. Using a fluted ravioli cutter, cut out squares of ravioli. Each filled wrapper will yield 4 raviolis, giving you a total of 12 ravioli. Place ravioli onto a floured baking sheet and keep covered with a linen towel.nIn a large pot, bring to a boil 4 quarts of salted and oiled water. Carefully add small batches of ravioli, about 3 to 4 at a time. This will prevent them from crowding in the pot and sticking together. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Using a spider strainer, carefully remove the ravioli and place on the plate. Tent with foil to keep warm and continue cooking remaining ravioli.nIn a saute pan, heat remaining 14 cup olive oil. When almost smoking, add chopped mushrooms and saute until soft and most of the liquid has evaporated, about 8 minutes. Carefully pour in tomato sauce and simmer for 5 minutes.nDivide ravioli between 2 serving plates. Top with mushroom tomato sauce and sprinkle with Parmesan.nIn a large casserole pot, heat oil over medium high heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add celery and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add tomatoes and bay leaves and simmer uncovered on low heat for 1 hour or until thick. Remove bay leaves and check for seasoning. If sauce still tastes acidic, add unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon at a time to round out the flavors.nAdd 12 the tomato sauce into the bowl of a food processor. Process until smooth. Continue with remaining tomato sauce.nIf not using all the sauce, allow it to cool completely and pour 1 to 2 cup portions into freezer plastic bags. This will freeze up to 6 months., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons for boiling water, 6 ounces button mushrooms, sliced, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 14 cup mascarpone, 13 cup grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnishing, 6 egg roll wrappers 6 12 by 6 12inch squares, 2 large eggs, beaten with 1 teaspoon water, 12 cup mushroom cremini, shiitake, button, finely chopped, 2 cups tomato sauce, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 dried bay leaves, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, optional], title: Spinach and Mushroom Ravioli, picturelink: a5RcKaTw6NI5kz0l2FsWru1R9kodaW}, 18428: {instructions: Heat the sorghum in a microwavesafe bowl for 2 minutes. Meanwhile, warm a skillet over mediumhigh heat and finely chop the onion. Add the olive oil to the warm skillet along with the onions and cook, stirring, 1 minute, then add the warmed sorghum, pine nuts and salt to taste. Stir until well combined. Reserve half of the sorghum pilaf for lunch the next day, and enjoy the remaining pilaf as a side dish for dinner., ingredients: [1 12 cups cooked wholegrain sorghum, 12 sweet onion, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 14 cup pine nuts, Salt], title: Sorghum Pilaf, picturelink: ubVmMxk7c57uzV7UgP44osSM88Xwle}, 18429: {instructions: Mix the above ingredients together. Pour marinade over chicken, coat cover and refrigerate overnight. Grill the chicken halves, turning frequently and brushing with the marinade, until done. Remove to a platter., ingredients: [2 chickens, 2 12 pounds each, 1 large onion, squeezed through a garlic press, 3 limes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon sumac, 3 finely chopped garlic cloves, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Pouissin, picturelink: null}, 18430: {instructions: Peel citrus, removing as much pith as possible, and slice into wheels. Remove any pits, layer fruit on a serving dish, sprinkle with salt and garnish with chopped onion.nWhisk together olive oil, vinegar, honey, lime juice and tarragon until well combined taste, adjust seasoning as needed and drizzle over salad., ingredients: [2 blood oranges or tangerines, 1 pink grapefruit, 1 navel orange, Salt, 12 small red onion or 1 shallot, chopped, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 12 teaspoon honey, Lime or lemon juice to taste, 14 teaspoon freshly chopped tarragon or a pinch dried], title: Winter Citrus Salad with Honey Dressing, picturelink: null}, 18431: {instructions: Sift flour and baking powder into large bowl. In a separate bowl, beat eggs with sugar, olive oil, lemon juice and rind. Mix into dry ingredients to blend. Pour into oiled and floured 8inch round cake pan. Bake at 350 degrees F for about 45 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched.nMeanwhile, combine 14 cup lemon juice and powdered sugar. Pour over hot cake and bake 10 more minutes. Let cake stand 20 minutes on cooling rack. Remove from pan and dust with additional powdered sugar., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 2 tsp. baking powder, 3 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup STAR Extra Light Olive Oil, 12 cup lemon juice, 2 tsp. grated lemon rind, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup powdered sugar], title: Lemon Cake, picturelink: Fcxb7jzr8XQwnA1qFM2KfWS6ooIB.}, 18432: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mash together the butter and sugars with a fork until well combined. Add the oil and egg and beat until creamy. Mix in the vanilla.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flours, cocoa powder, and salt. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and mix well. Stir in the dark chocolate, milk chocolate, and the pecans and mix well. Using a tablespoon, scoop the batter onto an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 12 minutes. Transfer cookies to a cooling rack to cool., ingredients: [14 cup butter, softened, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup canola oil, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 cup all purpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder not Dutch processed, 14 teaspoon salt, optional, 13 cup dark chocolate 2 ounces coarsely chopped, 13 cup milk chocolate 2 ounces coarsely chopped, 23 cup chopped pecans, optional], title: Triple Chocolate Cookies, picturelink: sVNCu.Va7Q7kA4u2jKrRlB7Vduf389S}, 18433: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together the cocoa powder and the water until the cocoa powder is dissolved and let the mixture cool to room temperature. In a bowl whisk together the flour, the baking soda, and a pinch of salt. In another bowl with an electric mixer cream together the butter and the sugar and beat in the whole egg and the egg yolk, beating until the mixture is combined well. Beat in the cocoa mixture alternately with the flour mixture, beating well after each addition, divide the batter among 12 paperlined 12cup muffin tins, and bake the cupcakes in the middle of a preheated 350 degree oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Turn the cupcakes out onto a rack and let them cool completely.nIn another bowl combine the butterscotch chips and the cream, scalded, let the chips soften, and whisk the mixture until it is smooth. Let the icing cool completely, whisk it until it is fluffy, and spread it on the cupcakes. As an alternative, substitute semisweet chocolate chips for the butterscotch chips., ingredients: [13 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 12 cup boiling water, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch salt, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 1 whole large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 34 cup butterscotch chips, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Chocolate Cupcakes with Butterscotch Icing, picturelink: null}, 18434: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the milk, sour cream, dill, butter, and sugar. Place over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring, until the butter melts. Remove from the heat and cool to about 110 degrees F. Sprinkle the yeast over the surface of the milk. Set aside until foamy, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in large bowl, whisk together the flour and salt. Set aside.nPour the yeast mixture into the bowl of flour and mix until a soft, ragged mixture is formed.nTransfer the flour mixture to a wellfloured work surface and knead by hand until an elastic dough is formed, about 10 minutes. Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl, cover with a kitchen towel and place in the warm spot, until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nPlace a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Transfer the dough to the work surface and, using your hands, gently flatten into a 10inchlong oval shape. Fold the dough into thirds lengthwise, overlapping the sides in the center. Press down on the overlapping sides to seal and make a seam. Place seam sidedown in a buttered 9 by 5inch loaf pan, cover with a kitchen towel, and return to the warm spot until the dough has risen about 1 12 inches over the top of the pan, about 1 12 to 2 hours.nBrush the top of the dough lightly with warm water and, using a sharp knife, make 14inchdeep slit down the center. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes.nRemove the loaf from the pan and place in the center of the rack. Continue baking until the loaf sounds hollow when rapt lightly with your knuckles on the bottom and top, and an instantread thermometer inserted in the center registers about 190 degrees F., about 15 minutes.nTransfer the bread loaf to a cooling rack and let cool for 2 hours before using.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [2 cups milk, 13 cup sour cream, 14 cup minced fresh dill, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 2 tablespoons sugar, One 14ounce package active dry yeast, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon fine salt, Vegetable oil, as needed], title: Dill Bread, picturelink: null}, 18435: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill, grill pan or oven to mediumhigh heat.nToast the bread until lightly golden brown on both sidesthe bread should be crisp but still tender on the inside, not brittle. Brush one side with olive oil and season with salt. Top each slice with a thin slice of cheese and a slice of quince paste and season with cracked black pepper., ingredients: [1 baguette, sliced scant 12inch thick on a diagonal, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 8 ounces Cabrales blue cheese, 1 block quince paste, thinly sliced, Cracked black pepper], title: Crostini with Blue Cheese, Quince Paste and Cracked Black Pepper, picturelink: ld0vfNWtpgUWhwDZesrGzoGn3fvVC}, 18436: {instructions: In a shallow glass baking dish combine fresh lemon juice with olive oil, garlic and crushed peppercorns. Mix together with a fork. Place chicken breasts in baking dish and turn several times to coat with mixture. Let marinate for 30 minutes. Heat an indoor iron grill pan or outdoor grill until very hot. Sprinkle chicken breasts with salt and cook for 3 to 5 minutes on each side or until cooked through., ingredients: [Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, crushed, 4 chicken breasts, skinless and boneless, Salt], title: Chicken with Black Pepper Lemon Marinade, picturelink: null}, 18437: {instructions: Bring root beer and sugar to a boil in heavy medium saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 45 minutes or until mixture has reduce by 34 and is syrupy. Remove from heat and allow sauce to cool to room temperature.nPlace the root beer candies in a plastic resealable freezer bag. Lay the bag flat on a hard surface and cover with a hand towel. Using a meat mallet or hammer crush the candies to a course consistency.nScoop ice cream into 4 sundae dishes. Spoon 14 cup of the root beer sauce over each dish of ice cream. Top the each sundae with a heaping dollop of whipped topping. Sprinkle with sugar cone chips and crushed root beer candies. Place a cherry on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 12ounce bottles root beer, 14 cup sugar, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, 6 root beer flavored hard candies, 1 cup whipped topping, 3 sugar cones, broken into medium sized pieces, 4 maraschino cherries], title: Root Beer Float Sundae, picturelink: LnZF9Y1GXkey9A38ioTlYKoEK299Pe}, 18438: {instructions: Place apples in an 8x8 baking dish or round oval. Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar mixture in the cavities. Mix the cherries, walnuts and butter and fill the cavities. Pour the cider in the bottom of the baking dish and bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutesnTip: APPLE RINGSnSlice apples paper thin in rings. Spread on nonstick baking sheet, and bake at 220 degrees for one hour., ingredients: [4 Northern Spy apples, cored and the top third peel removed, 12 cup of sugar mixed with 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 cup dried cherries, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 1 14 cup cider], title: Curtis  Baked Apples, picturelink: null}, 18439: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a bowl blend together the flour, cornmeal, coarse salt, and fresh rosemary. Add the egg whites and the water. Stir to combine. Add more water if necessary to form a stiff dough.nOn a lightly floured surface roll out the dough. Transfer it to a baking sheet. Wrap the whole red snapper completely in the dough. Press the edges of the dough to seal. Put in oven and bake for 25 minutes.nRemove the crust. Fillet and serve the fish. Lacryma Christi del Vesuvio, Mastroberardino, 1994, ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 14 cups coarse salt, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, 2 large egg whites, 12 cup water, 2pound whole red snapper, cleaned], title: Baked Red Snapper in a Salt Crust, picturelink: null}, 18440: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine sugar, water, oil, eggs, and sweet potatoes and mix thoroughly. Add dry ingredients and mix to combine. Add pecans and mix well. Divide between 2 greased loaf pans and bake for 50 minutes. Cool in pan to room temperature., ingredients: [2 13 cups sugar, 23 cups water, 23 cup oil, 4 eggs, 2 cups mashed sweet potatoes, 3 13 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup coarsely chopped pecans], title: Sweet Potato Bread with Pecans, picturelink: null}, 18441: {instructions: Pour amaretto and blue caracao in a Champagne glass. Fill with Champagne. Garnish with an orange twist., ingredients: [1 teaspoon amaretto, 2 teaspoons blue caracao, 12 cup Champagne, chilled, Orange twist, for garnish], title: River Run Cocktail, picturelink: K.KkpVR69Zbin8ZnPJBcN7ymcoMQtNO}, 18442: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chicken into a shallow dish. Grate the zest from the lemon over the chicken. Cut the lemon in half and squeeze over the juice. Add 3 tablespoons of the oil along with the thyme, and garlic. Mix everything together so the chicken is well coated with all the flavorings. Cover and let sit for 30 minutes, or refrigerate for up to 4 hours.nWhile the chicken is marinating, prepare the tomato salad: Cut the tomatoes into 12inch pieces and put them into a bowl. Add the vinegar, and remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper, tear in the basil leaves, and gently mix to combine.nWhen you are ready to cook, remove the chicken from the marinade, scrape off the herbs, and season with salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and put a thin coating of olive oil into it. Cook the chicken, working in batches if necessary, until it is golden brown and cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove the chicken from the pan and let it rest for 5 minutes.nTo serve, place 2 pieces of chicken onto a plate, and spoon 14 of the tomato salad over the chicken. Spoon on some of the tomato juices as well. Repeat with the remaining chicken and tomatoes and serve., ingredients: [4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut in half crosswise, 1 lemon, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for frying, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 pound mixed heirloom tomatoes, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Fresh basil leaves], title: LemonThyme Chicken with Heirloom Tomato Salad, picturelink: 4tk0QfqcFe7DPlyTiCJEi3VnsrPOamm}, 18443: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper, set aside.nIn a medium bowl combine mashed potatoes and green bean casserole. Stir in Mexican seasoning and 14 cup of the cheese and set aside.nUnroll pie dough, 1 at a time. Use a 3inch round cutter, dusted with flour and cut out as many rounds as possible about 10 to 12 of the pie dough. Repeat with second pie dough.nBeat the egg lightly in a small bowl, set aside.nTo assemble empanadas, fill the center of each round with 12 tablespoon of the mashed potatoes and green bean casserole mixture. Brush half of the perimeter of each dough round with the egg wash. Fold over 1 side of the round to make a half circle. Crimp the edges of each empanada with tines of a fork.nPlace empanadas on prepared baking sheets. Brush each top lightly with egg wash and sprinkle each with a little of the remaining cheese.nBake in preheated oven for 18 to 20 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [12 cup leftover mashed potatoes, 12 cup leftover green bean casserole, 1 teaspoon Mexican seasoning, 12 cup shredded Mexican cheese, 1 15ounce box refrigerated pie crust recommended: Pillsbury, 1 egg], title: Next Day Empanadas, picturelink: R44udOKSEg6f6kiCWrlZvlGV4PT4USu}, 18444: {instructions: Melt 5 tablespoons butter in an 8inch nonstick skillet. Combine the melted butter, both flours, the milk, eggs and salt in a blender and process until smooth set the skillet aside. Let the batter rest at room temperature at least 1 hour or overnight. Stir in the parsley, if desired.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees. Heat the skillet over medium heat until a drop of water sizzles in it. Lightly butter the skillet, then add a scant 13 cup batter and quickly swirl to coat the bottom of the pan. Cook until the crepe sets and browns around the edges, about 2 minutes. Carefully lift with a rubber spatula, flip over and cook about 30 more seconds. Transfer to a plate.nRepeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter as needed and stacking the finished crepes. Wrap the crepes in a damp dish towel and place in the oven to reheat, about 10 minutes.nServe with assorted fillings.nHeat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add 2 sliced onions and 2 thyme sprigs. Season with salt and pepper and cook until the onions are lightly browned, about 20 minutes.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 12 ounces spinach and cook until just wilted, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat 3 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 pound chopped wild mushrooms and 2 thyme sprigs saute until the mushrooms are golden, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and add 23 cup heavy cream toss to warm through. Remove from the heat and add a handful of parsley.nSaute 1 14 pounds shrimp peeled and halved lengthwise in 2 tablespoons butter with 1 strip lemon zest, 2 tarragon sprigs and salt and pepper until the shrimp turn pink, 3 to 4 minutes. Add a squeeze of lemon juice and 12 cup white wine and simmer 1 minute. Remove from the heat add 4 tablespoons chopped cold butter and some parsley., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the skillet, 23 cup buckwheat flour, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups whole milk, 3 large eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley optional, Sweet Onion Crepe Filling, recipe follows, Sauteed Spinach Crepe Filling, recipe follows, Creamy Mushroom Crepe Filling, recipe follows, Citrus Shrimp Crepe Filling, recipe follows], title: Buckwheat Crepes, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 18445: {instructions: Preheat large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat.nCombine lime juice, hot sauce, cumin, red pepper flakes and seafood seasoning blend.nQuickly saute garlic and shallots in oil and butter for 1 minute, add shrimp and cook 3 minutes, tossing and turning frequently. Dump pink, firm, cooked shrimp from hot pan into hot seasoning blend and toss in seasoning mixture to coat shrimp evenly. Garnish with chopped chives. Serve warm or chilled., ingredients: [1 lime, juiced, 2 ounces 14 cup hot cayenne pepper sauce, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning, 4 cloves garlic, crushed and chopped, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp peeled and deveined, 12 to 15 blades fresh chives, chopped, for garnish], title: Spitfire Shrimp, picturelink: eQAZ.AOx5T8YbAHqFk8GpSnuOtk5m6}, 18446: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTrim the excess skin from the duck or chicken and place on a lined baking sheet. Dry the trimmed skin in the oven, checking often, until crispy, about 15 minutes.nAdd the skin to a food processor along with the breadcrumbs, oil and the 18 teaspoon thyme leaves and blend until uniform. Set aside. This step can also be done while the cassoulet is stewing.nHeat the clarified butter over high heat in a heavybottomed saute or frying pan and, working in batches, sear the poultry, pork or lamb and sausage until they are caramelized, adding more butter if the pan gets dry. Remove the meats to a large roasting pan or deep broilerproof baking dish as they are completed.nIn the same pan you browned the meat in, saute the onions, carrots and celery until they are caramelized. Add the tomatoes, wine, and 5 cups water, deglazing the pan by scraping all the loose particles from the bottom of the pan.nDrain the beans and add them to the pan, along with the marjoram, parsley, bay leaves and 14 cup thyme. Bring the liquid to a boil.nPour the beans and liquid over the meats in the roasting pan, cover the pan tightly with foil if no lid is available and bake until the meat is forktender and the beans have absorbed most of the liquid and are tender, about 3 hours.nRemove the meat from the pan, drain the liquid from the beans and vegetables and put it into a saucepan.nAdd two cups of the cooked bean and vegetable mixture to the liquid and puree with an immersion blender or puree in a blender before adding to the liquid. This will thicken the liquid into a sauce.nTaste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Pour the liquid back over the remaining beans and vegetables, stirring to combine.nPreheat the broiler.nSlice the lamb or pork and lay it on the beans with the sausages and poultry legs. Sprinkle the breadcrumb mixture on top of the cassoulet and broil until the top is lightly browned., ingredients: [4 duck or chicken legs, cut into two pieces, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 14 cup fresh thyme leaves, chopped, plus, 18 teaspoon leaves, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, plus more as needed, 3 pounds boneless lamb leg or pork shoulder, 1 pound Polish or bratwurst sausage, 1 12 cups large dice Spanish onions, 1 12 cups large dice carrots, 1 12 cups large dice celery, 4 fresh tomatoes, large dice, 1 cup dry white wine, 5 cups water or chicken bouillon, 1 pound navy beans, soaked in water overnight, 14 cup fresh marjoram leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh parsley, chopped, 6 bay leaves, Salt and ground black pepper], title: French Cassoulet, picturelink: null}, 18447: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Coat 2 large baking sheets with cooking spray.nIn a shallow dish or plastic bag, combine soy sauce, sugar, ginger, garlic, fivespice powder, hot sauce, salt and black pepper, to taste. Mix well. Add chicken wings and chicken breasts and turn to coat at this point, you may refrigerate up to 24 hours.nTransfer chicken wings and breasts to baking sheets and brush with marinade. Bake 25 to 30 minutes, until chicken is cooked through.nTo make the hands, reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nUnroll dough and separate into 12 breadsticks. Roll into 4inch long fingers and place on baking sheet. Brush egg white all over breadsticks and place almond slice on 1 end, making a fingernail. Sprinkle Parmesan over rest of breadstick. Bake 10 to 12 minutes, until golden brown.nTo make the dip, in a medium bowl, combine sour cream, parsley and mustard. Mix well. Place dip in a serving bowl and insert fingers. Serve the wings with the dip and hands and reserve the chicken breasts for the salad., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 12 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 teaspoons fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, or more, to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 20 chicken wings, 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves about 5 ounces each, 1 11ounce package refrigerated breadstick dough, 1 egg white, Sliced almonds, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, 1 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons coarse ground mustard], title: Bat Wings with Bog Dip and Sinking Hands, picturelink: yB1qmrLQ5cQqJWnfN2aVIOxPzwSIe4u}, 18448: {instructions: Put the dried chickpeas in a large bowl and add cool water to cover by 2 inches. Soak the beans in the refrigerator for at least 18 hours or up to 24 the chickpeas will swell to triple their original size. Drain and rinse thoroughly.nPut the soaked chickpeas in a food processor and pulse to coarsely grind, not until smooth but with no whole chickpeas remaining either. Add the baking powder, onion, garlic, spices, and herbs process until the mixture is pureed scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate while heating the oil, this should take about 15 minutes.nPour 3inches of the oil in a deep fryer or deep heavy pot and heat to 375 degrees F.nRoll the falafel mixture into pingpong size balls. Alternatively, use an ice cream scoop. Carefully slip a few at a time into the hot oil, making sure they dont stick to the bottom. Fry until the chickpea fritters are a crusty dark brown on all sides, turning as needed, about 5 minutes per batch. Remove the falafels with a slotted spoon and drain on a platter lined with paper towels.nOpen the pita bread halves to make pockets dont split all the way and put 4 fried falafels into each. Drizzle with the tahini sauce and layer with lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumbers. Serve immediately.nCombine all the ingredients in a blender, process on high speed to make a smooth and creamy sauce. Adjust seasoning, to taste, and serve with falafels or as a salad dressing., ingredients: [2 cups dried chickpeas, picked through and rinsed, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, 6 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, toasted and ground, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, toasted and ground, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 handfuls fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves coarsely chopped, 1 handful fresh cilantro, leaves coarsely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 8 warm pita bread, store bought or homemade recipe follows, Tahini Sauce, recipe follows, Shredded lettuce, sliced tomatoes, chopped cucumbers, 12 cup tahini sesame seed paste, 12 cup plain yogurt or water, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, Pinch salt, Pinch paprika], title: Falafel, picturelink: null}, 18449: {instructions: For the spice mix: Place the fennel and coriander seeds in a mortar, and using the pestle, grind the seeds until fine, and then transfer the contents to a bowl. Mix in the paprika and garlic powder to the bowl. Set aside.nFor the turkey: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSet the turkey breast on a sheet pan and press the spice mix into the sides of the meat. Season the turkey breast with salt, to taste. Place the turkey in the preheated oven, and roast until the turkey is cooked through, approximately 40 to 45 minutes. Allow the meat to rest for 15 minutes before carving. Thinly slice the turkey breast and transfer to a warmed serving platter.nFor the hummus: Meanwhile, while the turkey is cooking, make the hummus. Add the chickpeas, yogurt, lemon juice, and garlic cloves to a blender, and puree until smooth. As the ingredients are processing in the blender, gradually add 12 cup olive oil in a thin stream into the blender. Transfer the dip from the blender to a serving bowl.nIn a separate small bowl, stir the red pepper and sugar together, and season with salt, to taste.nAdd the chopped parsley to the bowl, and mix to combine. Sprinkle the paprika over the hummus, and top with the red bell pepper and parsley topping. Drizzle the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over the dip, and set it aside.nFor the sauce: Mix the yogurt, paprika, garlic, honey and lemon juice in a bowl until incorporated. Season the yogurt sauce with salt, to taste.nFor the assembly: Arrange the toasted pita on a plate and spoon some of the yogurt sauce in the center of the pita. Layer with slices of the turkey, and top with the chopped tomatoes, and onions. Wrap and enjoy., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 3 tablespoons ground paprika, 1 12 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 2pound boneless turkey breast, skin removed, Kosher salt, 1 19ounce can chickpeas garbanzo beans, rinsed and drained, 2 tablespoons yogurt, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 clove garlic, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, Pinch sugar, Kosher salt, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Pinch ground paprika, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 teaspoons ground smoked paprika, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon honey, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt, 4 Greek pitas, lightly toasted, 2 vine tomatoes, chopped, 12 sweet onion, sliced 14inch thick, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes, and drained], title: Paprika Spice Turkey Breast with Hummus and Paprika Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18450: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, thoroughly combine all ingredients. Chill in the refrigerator a few minutes to firm up the filling., ingredients: [34 cup ricotta cheese, well drained, 6 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup fresh herbs basil, parsley, thyme, marjoram, chopped, 1 egg, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Cheese and Herb Ravioli Filling, picturelink: null}, 18451: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the oil, popcorn and salt in a large, 6quart, metal mixing bowl. Cover with heavyduty aluminum foil and poke 10 slits in the top with a knife.nPlace the bowl over medium heat and shake constantly using a pair of tongs to hold the bowl. Continue shaking until the popcorn finishes popping, approximately 3 minutes.nRemove the bowl from the heat and carefully remove the foil. Stir in any salt that is on the side of the bowl.nMelt the butter in the microwave. Slowly drizzle over the popcorn, while spinning the bowl. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 ounces popcorn kernels, approximately 12 cup, 12 teaspoon popcorn salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Perfect Popcorn, picturelink: d2i9YVMFv2HY5UNG7FfDpB1Ad3kZcO}, 18452: {instructions: Measure the ingredients and calculate the temperatures. Combine the levain and water in a 6quart bowl. Break up the levain well with a wooden spoon or squeeze through your fingers until it is broken up. Continue stirring until the levain is partially dissolved and the mixture is slightly frothy. Add 1 cup 5 ounces of the flour and stir until well combined. Add the salt and just enough of the remaining flour to make a thick mass that is difficult to stir. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead, adding remaining flour when needed, until dough is firm and smooth, 15 to 17 minutes total. The dough is ready when a little dough pulled from the mass springs back quickly.nShape the dough into a ball and let it rest on a lightly floured surface while you scrape, clean, and lightly oil the large bowl. Place the dough in the bowl and turn once to coat with oil. Take the doughs temperature, the ideal is 78 degrees. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap and put in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degrees F draftfree place until increased in volume about 14 to 12.nThis dough will not behave like an ordinary yeasted bread dough. It wont rise to a puffy state.nDeflate the dough by pushing down in the center and pulling up on the sides. Transfer to a lightly floured work surface and knead briefly. Shape into a tight ball and place on a lightly floured board. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap and put in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degree draftfree place for 30 minutes.nFlatten the ball with the heel of your hand on a lightly floured work surface into a disk. Shape into an oblong loaf about 14 inches long. Place the loaf seam side up in a wellfloured couche. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap and put in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degrees F draftfree place until almost doubled in volume, or until a slight indentation remains when the dough is pressed with a fingertip. This dough gets softer, lighter, and very delicate as it proofsmore so than any other dough in this book. After 4 hours there will be a pronounced difference between the dough you set in the couche and the final light dough.nPreheat the oven and baking stone to 450 degrees, 45 minutes to 1 hour before baking. The oven rack must be in the center of the oven. If it is in the lower 13 of the oven the bottom of the breads may burn, and if it is in the upper 13, the top crusts may burn.nUsing the couche as an aid, gently roll the loaf from the couche onto a lightly floured peel so that it sits seam side down. Using a very sharp, serrated knife or a singleedged razor blade, score the loaf by making quick shallow cuts 14 to 12inch deep along the surface. Using the peel, slide the loaf onto the hearth. Quickly spray the inner walls and floor of the oven with cold water from a spritzer bottle. If theres an electric light bulb in the oven, avoid spraying it directlyit may burst. Spray for several seconds until steam has filled the oven. Quickly close the door to trap the steam and bake 3 minutes. Spray again in the same way, closing the door immediately so that steam doesnt escape. Bake until the loaf begins to color, about 20 minutes. Reduce heat to 400 degrees and continue baking until deep golden in color and the crust is firm, 20 to 25 minutes.nTo test the loaf for doneness, remove and hold the loaf upside down. Strike the bottom firmly with your finger. If the sound is hollow, the bread is done. If it doesnt sound hollow, bake 5 minutes longer. Cool completely on a wire rack.nAdd the flour directly into the container with the full batch of roomtemperature, batterlike ripe chef. Stir vigorously to add fresh oxygen to the mixture. This will form a stiff consistency more like a stiff dough than a batter. This firm texture is important for ripening levain, because a dense rather than loose levain creates delicious sour bread without an overpowering tangy bite. Scrape down the sides, cover tightly, and let stand in a cool to moderate about 70 degrees draftfree place for 8 to 10 hours.nThe levain should have doubled in volume. The texture will be somewhat light, with many tiny bubbles throughout. Do not let the levain stand for longer than 10 hours, or the yeast will become exhausted and not raise the final dough. This recipe yields 18 ounces of levain.nThe ChefnDay 1n34 cup plus 2 tablespoons 4 ounces 20 percent bran wheat flourn12 cup 4 fluid ounces spring waternCombine the flour and water in a tall 2 to 3quart clear plastic container with a lid. Stir well to make a thick, soft dough. The exact consistency of the dough will vary with the brand of flour or water at this point to adjust the texture. Scrape down the sides with a rubber spatula, cover tightly with lid and let stand in a moderate about 70 degree place for 24 hours.nDay 2n34 cup plus 2 tablespoons 4 ounces 20 percent bran wheat flourn12 cup 4 fluid ounces spring waternThe chef should have almost doubled in volume. You will see tiny bubbles on the surface, and you might notice a slight musty smell. Add the flour and water to the mixture and stir vigorously to distribute the fresh ingredients and add fresh oxygen to the chef. The texture will still be like a soft dough. You may add a little more flour or water to make this texture, if necessary. Scrape down the sides, cover, and place in a moderate 70 degree draftfree place for 24 hours.nDay 3 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons 4 ounces 20 percent bran wheat flour 12 cup 4 fluid ounces spring waternIt will have almost doubled in volume and be quite bubbly. Add the flour and water, and stir well to make a thick batter. You may have to add a little more water if your flours absorption level is high. With a marker pen, mark the level of the chef on the side of the container. Scrape down the sides, cover tightly, and let stand in a moderate 70 degree draftfree place for 24 hours.nIt should now be loose in texture, like a pancake batter. It will have doubled in volume from the last addition of flour and water. The chef may rise and fall, but as long as it doubles at some point during this last period, its fine. You now have a fully ripe chef ready to transform into a levain. If you dont want to make the levain immediately, the chef can be refrigerated for up to 3 days.nNote: If the dough temperature is higher than 78 degrees, put it in a cooler than 78 degree F place like the refrigerator, until the dough cools to 78 degrees. If it is lower than 78 degrees, put in it a warmer than 78 degree place until the dough warms to 78 degrees. The point is to try to keep the dough at 78 degrees during its fermentation. If you do have to move the dough, be gentle and dont jostle it, or the dough may deflate.nCoucheFrench for couch or resting place. This is a simple holding device you make yourself for proofing long loaves like logs, torpedo shapes, and baguettes. Using wellfloured canvas or linen towels create folds to separate loaves while hold them securely next to each other during proofing. Use a length of fabric at least a yard long. Place 12 to 16inch wooden blocks cut from 2 by 4s at either long end to contain the loaves. Or substitute large books to contain the loaves.nFull batch chef, procedure and recipe follows ., ingredients: [2 cups 18 ounces levain, recipe follows, 2 14 cups 18 fluid ounces spring water, 4 to 4 34 cups 20 to 24 ounces 20 percent bran wheat flour, 1 tablespoon 34ounce fine sea salt, 1 14 cups 6ounces 20 percent bran wheat flour], title: My Personal Favorite Pain au Levain, picturelink: null}, 18453: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat, add caramel topping and bourbon. Bring to a low boil, reduce heat to low and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.nTo pie crust add 14 cup of cooled caramel sauce. Place in freezer for 15 minutes until caramel firms.nRemove pie crust from freezer add 1 pint softened coffee ice cream. Over top of ice cream, sprinkle 14 cup chocolate chips and 14 cup pecans. Return pie to freezer for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Repeat and make another layer. Return pie to freezer for a minimum of 4 hours.nFor easy slicing, run knife under hot water., ingredients: [12 cup caramel topping, 1 tablespoon bourbon, 1 9inch chocolate wafer pie crust, 2 pints coffee ice cream, softened, 12 cup chocolate chips, divided, 12 cup pecans, finely chopped], title: Louisiana Mud Pie, picturelink: null}, 18454: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, stir together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Using a whisk or large fork, mix in the buttermilk and egg until well combined and smooth. Stir in the melted butter.nHeat nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat. Using a 14 cup measure, pour pancake batter onto hot griddle. When pancake is golden brown, flip to cook other side. Keep warm in oven heated to 275 degrees.nVariations: Blueberry and banana pancakes: Stir in 1 cup fresh berries into batter., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Dash of salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons melted butter], title: Simple Homemade Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 18455: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the bread until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Spread the butter over the toasts. Arrange the sliced strawberries over the toasts. Sprinkle the strawberries with the sugar. Broil until the sugar begins to caramelize, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [3 slices 12inchthick rustic white bread, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 10 strawberries, sliced, 3 to 5 teaspoons sugar], title: Strawberry Bruschetta, picturelink: 0KnvFQqpAID6AMvkmcntQDA3j01JRsO}, 18456: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F position a rack in the center of the oven. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish.nIn a bowl, whisk the cornmeal, flour, cinnamon and salt to combine. Set aside.nIn a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, whisk together the halfandhalf, maple syrup, molasses and brown sugar. Heat until just starting to boil, then lower to a simmer and slowly add the cornmeal mixture, a little at a time, whisking constantly. Simmer, whisking, for about 5 minutes. Whisk in the butter and the orange zest and juice.nTransfer the pudding to the prepared baking dish and bake until set, 1 hour 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for 10 minutes. Serve topped with whipped cream, spread evenly over the pudding.nWith an electric mixer, whip the cream until soft peaks form. Add the confectioners sugar and continue whipping until the cream holds stiff peaks. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nYield: 3 cups, ingredients: [3 cups coarse stoneground yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons salt, 8 cups halfandhalf, 12 cup maple syrup, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus for greasing baking dish, 1 orange, zested and juiced, Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 13 cup confectioners sugar], title: Hasty Pudding with Whipped Cream, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 18457: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Split the loaf of bread in half, lengthwise set the bread, crusts side down, on a baking sheet. In a mixing bowl combine the cheese, onion, olive oil, vinegar, oregano and olives season to taste. Spread the mixture over each bread half. Bake until hot.nRemove from oven. Spread the hot loaves with tomato slices, then drape thin slices of ham over tomates and eat hot, accompanied with salad., ingredients: [Loaf of French or Italian bread, 23 cup grated sharp white cheddar cheese, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 2 tablespoons of olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 cup chopped pitted black olives, 2 tomatoes, very thinly sliced, 4 to 6 ounces Black Forest ham, thinly sliced], title: Hot Seasoned French Bread with Ham and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 18458: {instructions: In a large nonstick saucepan, combine the salsa and allspice. Cook over medium heat for 3 minutes. Stir in the black beans and chicken broth raise the heat to mediumhigh and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer 10 minutes. Use an immersion blender or potato masher to coarsely mash the beans in the pot.nMake it a Drop 5 Meal by adding: A dollop of reducedfat sour cream on top, and serve with 2 cups mixed greens tossed with 10 pumps spray dressing, 1 ounce baked tortilla chips around 17 chips and a pear. 513 complete meal calories., ingredients: [1 cup salsa, 1 pinch allspice, Two 15to19ounce cans black beans, drained and rinsed, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth], title: Black Bean Soup, picturelink: null}, 18459: {instructions: 1 Chop the chiles and garlic roughly, and place in a blender jar. Blitz until mostly chopped.n2 Cut the tomatillos in half and add to the blender jar with the water. Liquefy until the salsa transforms into a thick, chunky sauce.n3 Pour into a bowl and stir in the onion and cilantro. Taste and see if you like it as is, or if youd prefer more acidity or salt. If so, add the lime juice and taste again. Then stir in the salt and taste one more time, adding more salt, if necessary. Top with the avocado, if using, just before serving.n4 Salsa minus the avocado keeps for about a week in a sealed container in the fridge., ingredients: [9 fresh arbol chiles, or 4 to 5 serrano chiles, 1 large garlic clove, peeled, 10 ounces tomatillos, husked and rinsed see below, 2 tablespoons cold water, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons diced onion, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, or more to taste, Juice of 12 large lime, optional, 12 teaspoon salt, or more to taste, 12 medium Hass avocado, diced, optional], title: Salsa Verde Cruda Raw Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 18460: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the graham crackers, 12 cup of the walnuts and brown sugar in a food processor and process until finely ground. With the motor running, add the butter through the feed tube and process until the mixture just comes together. Spray the bottom and side of the pan with cooking spray. Pat the mixture evenly into the bottom of a 9inch springform pan, place on a baking sheet and bake in the oven until lightly golden brown and just set, about 8 minutes. Remove to a baking rack and let cool completely.nCombine 14 cup of the sugar and the orange zest in a food processor and process until combined.nPlace the cream cheese in the bowl of a stand fixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the orange sugar, remaining granulated sugar, and light muscovado sugar and beat again until the sugar is incorporated and the mixture is light and fluffy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time and mix until just incorporated, scraping the sides and bottom of the bowl. Add the vanilla seeds and vanilla extract and beat until combined. Add the salt and heavy cream and mix until just combined.nScrape the mixture into the prepared pan. Set the cheesecake pan on a large piece of heavy duty aluminum foil and fold up the sides around it. Place the cake pan in a large roasting pan. Pour hot tap water into the roasting pan until the water is about halfway up the sides of the cheesecake pan the foil will keep the water from seeping into the cheesecake. Bake until the sides of the cake are slightly puffed and set and the center still jiggles, about 55 minutes.nTurn the heat off and prop the door open with a wooden spoon and allow the cake to cook in the water bath for 1 hour. Remove the cake to a baking rack and allow to cool to room temperature for 2 hours. Cover the cake and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours until chilled through.nTop with the warm apple topping, drizzle liberally with the caramel sauce and sprinkle with the remaining toasted walnuts. Serve additional sauce on the side.nBring apple juice, sugar and vanilla bean to a boil in a large saute pan over high heat and cook until slightly thickened and reduced to 12 cup. Stir in the butter until melted. Add the apples and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly caramelized and soft. Add the apple brandy and cook until reduced by 12. Transfer the apples to a plate and let cool slightly.nPlace sugar and water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat do not stir, swirling the pot occasionally to even out the color, until amber in color, 10 to 12 minutes.nWhile the caramel is cooking. Place the heavy cream in a small pan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from heat and keep warm.nWhen the caramel has reached the desired color, slowly whisk in the heavy cream and salt and whisk until smooth. Remove from the heat and stir in the apple brandy and vanilla extract. Keep warm., ingredients: [8 whole graham crackers, 1 cup lightly toasted walnuts, divided, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, divided, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 3 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature recommended: Philadelphia, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed light muscovado sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 large vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 recipe Apple Mixture, recipe follows, 1 recipe Apple Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups apple juice, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, reserved from the cheesecake mixture, 1 tablespoon cold butter, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced, 3 Fuji apples, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced, 14 cup apple brandy recommended: Calvados, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 14 cup water, 34 cup heavy cream, Pinch salt, 3 tablespoons apple brandy recommended: Calvados, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Caramel Apple Cheesecake, picturelink: uI4tEuJHi4ttxwgT3OHE3RKxkwZu8G}, 18461: {instructions: Place Beefaroni, drained tomatoes, beans, corn and cumin in large saucepan stir to combine.nBring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat, cover and simmer 15 minutes. Sprinkle with cheese and broken chips just before serving., ingredients: [2 cans 15 oz each Chef Boyardeeu00ae Beefaroniu00ae, 1 can 14.5 oz each Huntsu00ae Diced Tomatoes, drained, 1 can 15 oz each Rosaritau00ae Premium Whole Black Beans, drained, rinsed, 1 cup frozen whole kernel corn, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 cup shredded reduced fat Mexican cheese blend, 12 cup broken yellow tortilla chips], title: Chef Boyardeeu00ae Tacoroni, picturelink: iDxMl8qaEJwboeLyUHy7X9K9.WZGGxa}, 18462: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the instant oats and brown sugar to the peanut butter jar, then add the hot water. Stir to evenly combine and let sit for 2 minutes. Stir and let sit for 2 more minutes. Sprinkle with the cinnamon and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup instant oats, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 almostempty 16ounce jar peanut butter, 1 cup hot water, Pinch cinnamon], title: Peanut Butter Oats, picturelink: 3pFglebaTZtDZQYryFiRHU.JxNJ4RRG}, 18463: {instructions: Make the cheese: Line a colander with a double layer of damp cheesecloth put in the sink. Bring the milk to a simmer in a wide nonreactive pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon. Remove from the heat and stir in the yogurt, lemon juice and 2 teaspoons salt. Continue to stir gently until large curds form and separate from the whey, 1 to 2 minutes. Strain through the cheeseclothlined colander, discarding the whey. Gather the ends of the cheesecloth and twist to squeeze out any excess whey run the sides of the bundle under cool water if its too hot to handle. Tie the ends of the cheesecloth around a wooden spoon handle and lay the spoon over the colander, letting the bundle dangle let drain, 10 minutes.nUntie the bundle and twist the cheesecloth again, squeezing out any more whey. Lay the bundle on its side on a plate. Top with another plate and weigh it down with a large can. Refrigerate until a firm cake forms, about 1 hour unwrap and refrigerate in an airtight container until ready to use, or up to 2 days.nFry the cheese: Cut the cheese into 34inch cubes. Toss in the flour until well coated, shaking off any excess. Heat about 12 inch vegetable oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Carefully add the cheese and fry, turning occasionally, until golden brown, 2 to 4 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Season lightly with salt and set aside.nMake the spinach: Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Working in batches, cook the spinach until just tender, about 30 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a bowl of salted ice water. Drain and squeeze dry, then chop and set aside.nPulse the ginger, garlic, jalapeno, coriander, cumin, turmeric and 12 teaspoon salt in a food processor until finely chopped. Whisk the yogurt, 14 cup water and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl.nHeat 2 tablespoons butter and the vegetable oil in a wide pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until deep golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add the ginger mixture and cook, stirring, until toasted, about 5 minutes add a splash of water if the mixture is sticking. Reduce the heat to medium low add 12 cup water and scrape up any browned bits, then add the cooked spinach and stir until heated through, about 4 minutes. Stir in the yogurt mixture and simmer gently until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Add the fried cheese and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and cook, stirring, until heated through, about 1 minute. Season with salt. Photograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [6 cups whole milk, 1 cup plain 2 percent Greek yogurt, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, for frying, Kosher salt, 2 pounds baby spinach, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 4 cloves garlic, 12 jalapeno pepper seeded for less heat, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 34 cup plain 2 percent Greek yogurt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped], title: Saag Paneer, picturelink: D383zUzJRuXR5QImVIwmnHb5xHeCSMS}, 18464: {instructions: For the bechamel sauce: Melt the butter over mediumhigh heat in a saucepot, and then whisk in the flour 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in the milk and season with some salt, pepper and a little nutmeg. Cook until the sauce thickens enough to coat a spoon and adjust the seasoning once more. Pour a ladleful of the sauce into a bowl with the yolks, whisking to temper the eggs before adding into the pot. Stir in the cheese and remove from the heat. For the spicy meat sauce: Heat 2 turns of the pan EVOO in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Brown the lamb and sausage well, breaking up the meat as it cooks. Stir in the bay leaf, garlic, onions and peppers and sprinkle with the rosemary, some salt and pepper. Cook until the onions soften, 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook until fragrant, then pour in the wine and reduce by half. Add the stock and tomatoes, breaking them up as they cook, and reduce the heat to a simmer. Throw in the citrus rind and cinnamon stick to mellow the sauce, and simmer until the tomatoes cook down, 30 minutes. Discard the rind, cinnamon stick and bay leaf. For the pasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta to al dente. Just before draining the pasta, add 1 cup of the starchy cooking liquid to your sauce. Beat the egg whites until frothy and combine with the cheese, and then toss with the pasta. For assembly: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch baking dish with EVOO. Spoon in half of the pasta, then layer with all of the meat sauce followed by the remaining pasta. Pour all of the bechamel on top as the last layer. Cool and store for a makeahead meal, bringing to room temperature before baking and serving. Set the pastitsio on a baking sheet to catch any drips and bake until deeply golden on top, 1 hour. Cool 15 to 20 minutes, then cut and serve., ingredients: [1 pound ground lamb, 8 ounces hot Italian bulk sausage or 2 links cut from the casings, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 5 to 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, EVOO, as needed, 1 fresh or dried small red chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 3 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups dry red wine, 2 cups chicken or beef stock, One 28ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, 1 long piece orange or lemon rind, 1 cinnamon stick, Salt, 1 12 pounds Greek macaroni, 3 egg whites, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, EVOO, for drizzling, 6 tablespoons butter, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 quart milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, 3 egg yolks, beaten, 34 to 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Pastitsio with Lamb and Sausage, picturelink: null}, 18465: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees.nMix the beef, sausage, onions, garlic, thyme, parsley, egg, Parmesan, breadcrumbs, ricotta and salt in a bowl together with your hands like mixing play dough. Form 1 12inch inch balls out of the meat mixture. Heat a large ovenproof skillet preferably cast iron with a bit of olive oil. Add the meatballs and brown on all sides, about 3 minutes. Place the skillet in the oven to finish cooking, 5 to 7 minutes.nRemove and toss with the red sauce. Place on the toasted slider buns and sprinkle with Parmesan and parsley., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground sausage, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 14 cup minced garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, plus more for garnish, 1 egg, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 ounces ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, Olive oil, 4 cups red sauce, heated, Small potato buns slider size, toasted], title: Jacks Sliders, picturelink: ndEoa2amJMYTd1JqN43mG5uoa6eQW}, 18466: {instructions: Arrange the sliced tomatoes on a shallow platter. Sprinkle the sugar on the tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Layer the onion rings on top of tomatoes. Garnish with chopped basil. Mix the vinegar and olive oil in a bowl and pour over the tomatoes and onions. Toss gently., ingredients: [2 pounds tomatoes, sliced, 1 tablespoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced into rounds, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 14 cup olive oil], title: Red Onion, Tomato and Herb Salad, picturelink: null}, 18467: {instructions: Halve and pit the apricots and set aside.nPour 2 tablespoons of the olive oil into a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onions until lightly browned, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the apricots to the pan and reduce the heat to medium. Heat the apricots just until their skins begin to soften, for no more than 2 to 3 minutes so the fruit keeps its shape. Add the herbs, 2 tablespoons of the balsamic vinegar and 12 teaspoon of salt to the pan and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the mixture to cool.nMeanwhile, prepare 4 3 to 4inch ring molds by lining them with prosciutto slices. Each mold gets 4 slices of prosciutto, which youll overlap so that the entire mold is covered but open with room for the apricot filling. Once youve draped prosciutto over all 4 molds, spoon in the apricot mixture, filling each mold to the top. Lift the prosciutto slices that are resting open over the molds edge and drape the slices over the apricot filling, gently patting into place. When you unmold these, the prosciutto should completely encase the apricot filling. Set the filled molds aside while you dress the greens.nIn a small bowl, whisk the remaining olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt, and pepper. Place the greens in a medium bowl, spoon on a little of the vinaigrette  just enough so each leaf is lightly coated  and gently toss. Divide the greens evenly between four individual salad plates. Unmold each prosciutto ring by turning it upside down and over the greens. Drizzle any remaining vinaigrette around the prosciutto ring and top the salad with the shaved sheeps cheese., ingredients: [1 dozen ripe apricots, 14 cup olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped basil leaves, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 16 very thin slices prosciutto, 12 pound mixed baby greens, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 14 cup shaved Kassari Greek sheeps cheese or Parmesan], title: Baby Greens with Sauteed Apricots, Prosciutto, and Sheeps Cheese, picturelink: null}, 18468: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nImmerse the peaches in boiling water for 30 seconds to 1 minute, until their skins peel off easily. Place them immediately in cold water. Peel the peaches, slice them into thick wedges, and place them in a large bowl. Add the lemon zest, lemon juice, granulated sugar, and flour. Toss well. Gently mix in the blueberries. Allow the mixture to sit for 5 minutes. Spoon the mixture into ramekins or custard cups.nFor the topping, combine the flour, granulated sugar, brown sugar, salt, cinnamon, and the butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix on low speed until the butter is the size of peas. Rub the mixture with your fingertips until its in big crumbles, then sprinkle evenly over the fruit. Place the ramekins on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper and bake for 40 to 45 minutes, until the tops are browned and crisp and the juices are bubbly. Serve warm or at room temperature.nIf you want to make these early, store the unbaked crumbles in the refrigerator and bake before dinner., ingredients: [2 pounds firm, ripe peaches 6 to 8 peaches, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup fresh blueberries 12 pint, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 pound 1 stick cold unsalted butter, diced], title: Peach and Blueberry Crumbles, picturelink: SvHjKpKwrXQnDvAfnb7tTENvsdfmmOi}, 18469: {instructions: Pour the olive oil into a large skillet and place over high heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook, stirring to coat in oil. Reduce the heat to medium, add the balsamic, sugar, salt and red pepper flakes and cook 15 to 20 minutes, until the onions are velvety soft. Remove from the heat and let cool and add the chopped chives. Serve room temperature in a decorative bowl., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 Spanish onions, peeled and sliced 12inch thick, 6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons chives, chopped], title: Balsamic Onion and Garlic Relish, picturelink: 5tcWDjssCU0KDZ.scCBKxRXTWRYVCS}, 18470: {instructions: Toss all ingredients together. Served chilled before the main dish., ingredients: [1 cucumber, halved, seeded and thinly sliced, 18 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon mirin, Chopped fresh dill, Salt, to taste], title: Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 18471: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and drizzle with olive oil.nIn a medium bowl, combine the garlic, olive oil, chipotle powder, sage, thyme, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Add the squash slices to the bowl and toss until evenly coated with the spices and herbs.nPlace the squash on the prepared baking sheet and roast until a fork goes through smoothly, 25 to 30 minutes.nRemove from the oven and serve warm, topped with the queso fresco and pomegranate seeds. Sprinkle with some fine sea salt and garnish with cilantro leaves., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chipotle powder, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 acorn squash, halved lengthwise, seeded and cut into 34inch slices, 1 cup crumbled queso fresco, 1 cup pomegranate seeds, Fine sea salt, for sprinkling, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: HerbRoasted Acorn Squash with Queso Fresco and Pomegranate, picturelink: Sj6aQ50NhhbMaHOkCQPxXzLRmuediOG}, 18472: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a prettyhandled Easter basketnFor the spinach dip: Mix together the spinach, sour cream, mayonnaise, green onions, carrots, garlic, lemon juice and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl until well combined. Chill for at least 2 hours.nFor the veggies: Bring a large pot of water to a boil prepare an ice water bath. Blanch the asparagus briefly in the boiling water, until bright green but still crisp. Transfer to the ice water bath to stop the cooking process. Drain and blot dry with paper towels.nFill the bottom of the Easter basket with the kale and arrange the asparagus, carrots, celery, bell peppers, broccoli, cauliflower, radishes, green onions and jicama on top of it, leaving a space in the center for the dip.nPut the dip in the hollowedout cabbage and place in the center of the Easter crudite basket, ingredients: [Spinach Dip:, One 10ounce package frozen spinach, thawed and drained, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 green onions, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and finely diced, 1 clove garlic, grated, Juice of 12 lemon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Veggies:, 2 bunches asparagus, 2 bunches kale, rinsed, 6 carrots, cut into sticks, 6 stalks celery, cut into small sticks, 2 red bell peppers, cut into strips, 1 head broccoli, broken into florets, 1 small head cauliflower, broken into florets, 1 bunch radishes, halved, 1 bunch green onions, 12 jicama, cut into strips, Hollowedout head of red cabbage, for holding the dip], title: Easter Crudites Basket with Spinach Dip, picturelink: 36AXPP0zPgna36Kkev13KaThF.hCxTy}, 18473: {instructions: Combine 12 cup water, the butter and vanilla in a medium saucepan bring to a simmer, stirring to melt the butter. Remove from the heat and stir in the flour, instant potatoes, 12 cup sugar and the salt. Return to medium heat and stir until the dough is tight and doesnt stick to the sides of the pan, about 2 minutes. Transfer the dough to a stand mixer or a medium bowl cool for about 10 minutes.nBeat the dough with the paddle attachment on mediumhigh or with a wooden spoon add the eggs and egg white one at a time, beating until each egg is fully incorporated before adding the next. Once the eggs are mixed in, beat until smooth and glossy, about 1 minute. Set aside for 1 hour.nCombine the remaining 1 cup sugar and the cinnamon in a shallow dish. Place a tall heavybottomed pot over medium heat and fill it about onethird of the way with oil heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 340 degrees. With a small ice cream scoop, drop heaping teaspoonfuls of dough into the oil in batches. Fry, turning once, until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Transfer the doughnuts with a slotted spoon to the cinnamonsugar mixture and roll to coat. Serve warm.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup instant mashed potatoes, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs plus 1 egg white, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Charlies Cinnamon Doughnut Holes, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 18474: {instructions: For the lemon curd: Fill a saucepan just over onequarter full with water and bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat. In heatproof bowl that fits over the saucepan, combine the lemon juice and cornstarch and whisk well to combine. Place the bowl on top of the saucepan and add the butter and sugar. Whisk constantly until the sugar is dissolved, and then add the eggs slowly, a bit at a time, continuing to whisk until the mixture thickens. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon zest. Let cool, and then place in the fridge to chill and firm up.nFor the raspberry sauce: Combine the prosecco, sugar and raspberries in a large saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Stir to mash up the berries a bit. Simmer until the liquid is reduced and syrupy, 5 to 10 minutes. Set aside.nFor the puff pastry: Preheat the oven according to package instructions. Unfold the puff pastry on a lightly floured surface. Cut the pastry into 16 squares or cut 16 rounds using a cookie cutter. Place the pastry on a baking sheet and brush each with the egg wash. Bake according to package instructions.nFor the whipped cream: Whip the heavy cream with the limoncello, sugar and lemon zest.nTo serve, place 2 pastry pieces on a plate and top with lemon curd, raspberry sauce and whipped cream. You will have some leftover lemon curd.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup granulated sugar, 4 egg yolks plus 2 whole eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 cup prosecco, 12 cup sugar, 2 pints fresh raspberries, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed according to package instructions, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 to 2 eggs, beaten with a little water, 12 pint heavy cream, 1 teaspoon limoncello liqueur, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon lemon zest], title: Pucker Up, Yvonne, picturelink: F8DvNnfC07jg7tdBsxfN9FaPlTx75f2}, 18475: {instructions: Heat a castiron skillet over medium heat, add bacon slices and fry, turning once, until lightly crisped and browned. Drain on paper towels. In a broiler pan lightly toast one side of loaf bread until golden. Spread mayonnaise on untoasted sides. Choose tender inner leaves of romaine, stack them on one side of toast and top with a few slices of tomato. Drape bacon over and top with second slice of bread. Serve with ice tea with mint., ingredients: [4 to 6 thick slices bacon, 2 slices white loaf bread, Mayonnaise, Romaine lettuce, Tomatoes], title: Ultimate Blt, picturelink: null}, 18476: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat waffle iron according to manufacturers directions.nIn a medium bowl whisk together the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, salt, and baking soda. In another bowl beat together the eggs and melted butter and vanilla, and then add the buttermilk. Add the wet ingredients to the dry and stir in the chocolate chips just until combined. Allow to rest for 5 minutes.nLadle the recommended amount of waffle batter onto the center of the iron. Close the iron top and cook until the waffle is crispy on both sides and is easily removed from iron. Serve immediately or keep warm in a 200 degree F oven until ready to serve., ingredients: [7 ounces allpurpose flour, approximately 1 12 cups, 1 34 ounces sugar, approximately 3 tablespoons, 1.5 ounces cocoa powder, approximately 12 cup, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 3 whole eggs, beaten, 2 ounces unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 16 ounces buttermilk, room temperature, 4 ounces chocolate chips, approximately 34 cup, Vegetable spray, for waffle iron], title: Chocolate Waffle, picturelink: ci6bEh0X0sG6muggZyOOq.0QDy17ni}, 18477: {instructions: Place heavy cream in a large pot and bring slowly to a boil over medium heat. Turn off the heat and stir in the chopped chocolate. Let stand for 2 minutes then stir well until smooth. Stir in the butter. Pour into the bowl of an electric mixer, and let cool until set.nFit mixer with a paddle and beat the chocolate mixture on medium speed until aerated and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the liqueur andor other flavorings. Load ganache into a pastry bag fitted with a half inch plain tube. Line several baking sheet with parchment or waxed paper. Pipe the truffle mixture out to form 12inch balls. Place pans in the refrigerator to chill thoroughly.nTo coat the truffles, set up your counter like this: tray of chilled centers on your left, bowl of melted tempered chocolate in the middle, large pan filled with cocoa powder on your right. Reverse this if youre left handed Pick up a truffle with your left hand. Touch the palm of your right hand lightly onto surface of tempered chocolate. Drop the truffle into your chocolaty right hand and roll it around to coat. Move your right hand over the pan of cocoa powder, turn your hand over, and drop the coated truffle into the cocoa. Repeat the process to coat about 5 truffles, then pick up a fork with your clean left hand and use it to roll the truffles round a bit in the cacao. A second person can help do this continuously. Repeat until the cocoa pan is filled with a lot of truffles. Then wash and dry your hands or enlist your helper to do this place the truffles in a strainer and shake it over the pan of cocoa powder to dislodge any excess cocoa. Place finished truffles on another paperlined pan to set completely. Truffles do not need to be refrigerated.nRepeat coating processes with remaining centers., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 pound bittersweet chocolate, chopped finely, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons liqueur, 2 tablespoons instant expresso, 12 teaspoon cinnamon or other spice, etc., 1 pound liquid tempered chocolate for dipping, 2 cups cocoa powder], title: Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: null}, 18478: {instructions: Preheat the grill to high heat.nRemove bottom stem from portobello. Brush both sides with olive oil and sprinkle the inside of each mushroom with salt and garlic pepper. Place the mushrooms on the grill bottom side up. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side rotating half way through to achieve grill marks.nRemove from grill, placing the mushrooms bottom side up. Fill with your choice of the assorted sauces and top with your choice of cheese.nReturn the mushrooms to the top rack or shelf of your barbeque, close lid and reduce heat to medium high and cook for 5 minutes or until the cheese is melted.nRemove and place on a cutting board and cut into triangles like a pizza. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 large portobello mushrooms, destemmed and gills removed, Olive oil, for brushing, Kosher salt, Garlic pepper, 1 cup storebought pesto sauce, 12 cup goat cheese, crumbled, 14 cup ParmigianoReggiano, grated, 1 cup storebought roasted garlic salsa, 1 cup queso fresco or Monterey Jack cheese], title: Assorted Grilled Portobello Pizzas, picturelink: 29RtioDKu9iAjze3S3YbDKpzVTlhM.}, 18479: {instructions: In a small pot, heat the stock over mediumlow heat until just before boiling. Reduce the heat to low and keep warm. In a deep, 14inch nonstick saute pan, heat the olive oil and butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot and saute for 2 to 3 minutes, until the shallot is softened but not colored. Add the rice and stir well, making sure to coat all the grains in oil. Toss the rice a few times, then add the wine and let it reduce for 2 to 3 minutes.nReduce the heat to mediumlow and slowly start adding the stock, a 4 to 6ounce ladleful at a time. Stir constantly, giving the rice time to absorb the liquid each time before adding another ladleful, until the rice is al dente, 15 to 25 minutes.nAdd the Taleggio and let it melt completely, about 4 minutes. Add the Parmesan and season with salt and pepper to taste. Remove the pan from the heat and add the radicchio, stirring to mix it well with the rice.nServe on plates garnished with the parsley, a touch of grated Parmesan, and lastly, a generous teaspoon of the honey., ingredients: [4 cups vegetable stock, homemade or storebought, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 shallot, finely dice, 1 cup Carnaroli rice, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 pound Taleggio or La Tur cheese, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, plus more for serving, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 head Treviso radicchio, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh Italian parsley, 4 to 6 teaspoons wild carrot honey or sunflower honey], title: Risotto with Taleggio and Wild Carrot Honey, picturelink: null}, 18480: {instructions: Lightly oil an 11 by 7inch baking dish. Transfer the hot polenta to the prepared baking dish, spreading evenly to 34inch thick. Refrigerate until cold and firm, about 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nCut the polenta into 2 by 1inch pieces. Heat the oil in a heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, fry the polenta pieces until golden brown on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Using tongs, transfer the polenta pieces to paper towels and drain. Place the polenta pieces on a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven while cooking the remaining batches.nTransfer the polenta pieces to a serving platter. Sprinkle the polenta with the Parmesan cheese and salt. Serve, passing the marinara sauce alongside.nBasic Polenta:n6 cups watern2 teaspoons saltn1 34 cups yellow cornmealn3 tablespoons unsalted butternBring 6 cups of water to a boil in a heavy large saucepan. Add 2 teaspoons of salt. Gradually whisk in the cornmeal. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the mixture thickens and the cornmeal is tender, stirring often, about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat. Add the butter, and stir until melted.nYield: 6 servingsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 25 minutes, ingredients: [3 cups Basic Polenta, recipe follows, 2 cups olive oil, for frying, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Salt, 1 cup purchased marinara sauce], title: Fried Polenta, picturelink: q4eGvOJ6Eqm4Dkv6l1rgOGPWRiWHKG}, 18481: {instructions: Place the package of raspberries, the granulated sugar, and 14 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 4 minutes. Pour the cooked raspberries, the jam, and Framboise into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until smooth. Chill., ingredients: [1 halfpint package fresh raspberries, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup water, 1 cup 12 ounces seedless raspberry jam, 1 tablespoon Framboise liqueur], title: Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18482: {instructions: Meanwhile, pluck the basil leaves from the stems you should have about 2 cups leaves. Wash the leaves in a large bowl of cold water and dry in a salad spinner or pat dry with paper towels. Smash and peel the garlic.nPut the basil, garlic, and pine nuts in a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. With the processor running, gradually add the olive oil and process until the pesto is smooth. Transfer the pesto to a large bowl and stir in the cheese. Season with the salt and some pepper.nBring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat and salt it generously. Add the penne and boil, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain in a colander and save about 14 cup pasta cooking water. Add the pasta to the bowl. Use tongs and toss with enough of the cooking water so the pesto coats the pasta evenly. Season with salt and pepper. Serve warm.nUpgradesna. Make the pesto creamy by adding 14 cup ricotta cheese when processing the basil, garlic, and pine nuts. This is great with tortellini or ravioli.nb. Top dressed pesto pasta with 12 pound diced large or halved small fresh mozzarella balls bocconcini, 3 medium tomatoes cut in large chunks, and 12 cup pitted black olives, we like kalamata for this, roughly chopped.nc. Add cooked 1 to 2 cups chicken or shrimp.nTwists on Pesto:nIn place of basil, try the following combination:n1 cup parsley, 1 cup fresh spinach leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves. Substitute walnuts for the pine nutsnCooks Note: Pesto freezes beautifully. If you know your batch is headed to the deep chill, dont add the cheese. Adding the cheese right before serving brightens the flavor and avoids a gummy texture., ingredients: [1 large bunch fresh basil, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup pine nuts, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound penne rigate or other ridged small tube pasta], title: Penne with Pesto, picturelink: wWANGaGgqXIOOMnu1UwOg2RMGDzBBey}, 18483: {instructions: Toast the baguette cubes: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, add the baguette cubes and drizzle over the olive oil. Toss until the bread is coated. Sprinkle over a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper then toss again. Pour onto a nonstick baking sheet and toast in the oven until golden on all sides, making sure to remove and toss in 3 to 4 minute intervals. This should take 12 to 14 minutes. Remove and allow the cubes to cool slightly before tossing back into the large bowl.nMake the vinaigrette: In a medium bowl, combine the mustard, lemon zest and lemon juice. Slowly whisk in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add the jalapenos and onions and allow them to soak in the vinaigrette for 10 minutes.nBuild the salad: To the large bowl of toasted baguette cubes, add the baby spinach, black olives and tomatoes. Toss gently. Pour over the vinaigrette and toss until combined. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 baguette, split and cut into bitesize cubes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons whole grain mustard, Zest of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 13 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 to 12 pickled jalapeno slices, chopped, 10 to 12 superthin slices red onion, sliced in half, 10 ounces baby spinach, 14 cup sliced black olives, lightly chopped, 4 heirloom tomatoes, chopped into chunks], title: Sunnys Spicy Spinach Panzanella, picturelink: null}, 18484: {instructions: Put all but 2 tablespoons of the scallions in a blender add the ginger, jalapeno, brown sugar, fish sauce, soy sauce, vinegar, tomato and 14 teaspoon salt and blend until smooth. Transfer to a 6quart slow cooker.nAdd the chicken and mushrooms to the slow cooker and stir to coat. Cover and cook on low, 4 hours.nRoughly chop the watercress and stir into the slow cooker. Serve the chicken and vegetables with rice top with the reserved scallions.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 bunch scallions, chopped, 1 3inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 12 jalapeno pepper remove seeds for less heat, 2 tablespoons packed light or dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar not seasoned, 1 plum tomato, halved, Kosher salt, 6 skinless, boneless chicken thighs about 214 pounds, quartered, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and quartered, 2 bunches watercress, tough stems removed, White rice, for serving], title: Ginger Chicken with Watercress, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 18485: {instructions: For any of the marinades: Combine all the ingredients in a blender and puree until the mixture is smooth and about as thick as a milkshake. You may need to add a couple of tablespoons of water to thin the mixture. Toss 2 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs cut into 1inch chunks with the marinade and seal in a ziptop bag. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or up to 2 days. When ready to grill, wipe off the excess marinade, thread the chicken pieces on skewers, and grill directly over hot coals, turning every few minutes, until the chicken has lightly charred on the exterior and is cooked through, about 8 minutes total.nPhotograph copyright u00a9 2015 by Michael Persico, ingredients: [1 12 cup roughly chopped onion, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, Juice of 2 lemons, 14 cup canola oil, 1 garlic clove, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 12 cup roughly chopped onion, 14 cup canola oil, 14 cup harissa, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 cup roughly chopped onion, 1 cup amba puree see Cooks Note, 14 cup canola oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons water], title: Pargiyot Three Ways, picturelink: YeX4mLmuFpMTtCOHoZTF5edTZdc46XW}, 18486: {instructions: Lightly spread mustard on each toast round. Arrange the rounds on a serving platter. Top with a portion of pork, spoon a small dollop of chutney on each piece of pork, garnish with parsley leaves if desired, and serve.nAdjust an oven rack to the upper middle position and heat the oven to 425 degrees. Arrange bread on a large wire rack. Set the wire rack on the oven rack and bake until toasts are crisp and golden brown on the outside and a little soft on the inside, 4 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [Dijon mustard, 1 recipe Toast Rounds, 12 ounces thinsliced roast pork, 2 tablespoons prepared chutney, such as Major Greys, Small pieces of flat parsley leaves for garnish optional, 1 goodquality baguette, sliced 13 inch thick and if its the same size as my bread, you should get about 24 slices], title: Roast Pork on Toast Rounds with Mango Chutney, picturelink: null}, 18487: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a shallow bowl, stir espresso powder into 13 cup warm water until dissolved. Stir in orange liqueur. Dip ladyfingers into espresso mixture and line the sides of 4 parfait or wine glasses set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together pudding mix, milk, and orange extract for 2 minutes. Divide pudding mixture among the lady fingerlined glasses. Let sit for 5 minutes.nDust tops with cocoa powder and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon instant espresso powder recommended: Medaglia DOro, 13 cup warm water, 13 cup orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 16 to 24 ladyfinger cookies, 1 1ounce box sugarfree cheesecake flavored instant pudding mix recommended: JellO, 1 34 cups milk, 1 teaspoon orange extract, Cocoa powder, for dusting], title: Tiramisu a lOrange, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 18488: {instructions: Cream the butter and beat in the yolks 1 at a time. Add the curd, semolina, lavender, cream, flour, and lavender, and let rest for 1 hour, making sure to cover.nBring a medium pot of salted water to boil.nWhisk the egg whites until they are stiff and fold into the curd mixture.nUsing a tablespoon, drop the batter into the water. Boil for 8 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 3 eggs, separated, 2 cups cheese curd, 2 ounces semolina, 1 teaspoon chopped lavender, 1 tablespoon cream, 2 tablespoons flour], title: Sweet Cheese Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 18489: {instructions: Add the cheese and butter to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat until light. Add 14 cup granulated sugar, the salt, and vanilla. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour and mix until just combined. Dump the dough out onto a wellfloured board and roll it into a ball. Cut the ball in quarters, wrap each piece in plastic, and refrigerate for 1 hour.nTo make the filling, combine 6 tablespoons of granulated sugar, the brown sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, the raisins, and walnuts.nOn a wellfloured board, roll each ball of dough into a 9inch circle. Spread the dough with 2 tablespoons apricot preserves and sprinkle with 12 cup of the filling. Press the filling lightly into the dough. Cut the circles into 12 equal wedgescutting the whole circle in quarters, then each quarter into thirds. Starting with the wide edge, roll up each wedge. Arrange the cookies, points tucked under, on a baking sheets lined with parchment paper. Chill for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush each cookie with the egg wash. Combine 3 tablespoons granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon and sprinkle on the cookies. Bake until lightly browned, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven to a wire rack and let cool. Arrange on a large platter and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup granulated sugar, plus 9 tablespoons, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 34 cup raisins, 1 cup finely chopped walnuts, 12 cup apricot preserves, pureed in a food processor, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon milk, for egg wash], title: Rugelach, picturelink: ADw0RaQ8ERnzhe.eJSA8oBofqrFJnVa}, 18490: {instructions: Scrape skin of cucumbers lengthwise with fork to make long grooves. Cut in 2inch sections and cut out seeds, forming rings.nMash anchovies with dill, chives, cream cheese, and sour cream. Season with salt and pepper. Fill cucumber rings with this mixture and chill in refrigerator for 2 hours.nGarnish each cucumber with a teaspoon of sour cream, then a teaspoon of caviar. Serve with lemon and parsley., ingredients: [6 small cucumbers, 12 anchovy fillets, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 34 cup cream cheese, 2 tablespoons sour cream, plus more for garnish, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 6 teaspoons caviar, to garnish, Lemon wedges, to garnish, Parsley, to garnish], title: Gurkas Norge, picturelink: null}, 18491: {instructions: Whisk together the mayonnaise, vinegar, garlic, mustard, and tarragon and salt and pepper, to taste, in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving.nPut the potatoes in a pot of cold water, add 2 tablespoons of salt and cook the over medium heat until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain, let cool and cut each potato lengthwise into 8 slices.nHeat a grill to high. Brush the potatoes with the oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste, and grill until golden brown and cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes per side.nTransfer to a serving dish and serve with the aioli alongside., ingredients: [1 cup prepared mayonnaise, 14 cup malt vinegar, 2 garlic cloves, mashed into a paste, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, Salt and freshly ground coarse black pepper, 6 russet potatoes, scrubbed, 14 cup canola oil], title: Grilled Steak Fries with Malt Vinegar Aioli, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 18492: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 ice pop sticksnLine a baking sheet with wax paper. Insert ice pop sticks into the cores of the apples and set aside.nPlace the colored chocolate discs into separate glass bowls and melt in the microwave according to package instructions. Drizzle a few tablespoons second and third colors in to the base color do not stir.nOne at a time, fully dip the apples in the base color, twisting and turning as you remove them to create marbled patterns. Allow the excess to drip off, then set on the prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate the dipped apples for at least 15 minutes to harden., ingredients: [8 small Granny Smith apples, washed and dried, stems removed., Three 12ounce bags colored chocolate discs, for the base color, One 12ounce bag colored chocolate discs in a second color, One 12ounce bag colored chocolate discs in a third color], title: Marbled Dipped Apples, picturelink: XC8MjZYr0X.VsV.DbQWL6pbATm9Yd8.}, 18493: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350u00b0F. Spray baking sheets with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE brown sugar, shortening, egg, milk, salt, baking soda and vanilla beat at medium speed until well blended.nADD flour gradually at low speed. Beat until well blended. Stir in nuts, chocolate chips and toffee baking bits.nDROP by level measuring tablespoonfuls 2 inches apart onto prepared baking sheets.nBAKE 10 to 12 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheets transfer to cooling rack to cool completely., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 34 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 34 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 tbsps. milk, 1 tsp. salt, 34 tsp. baking soda, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 34 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 34 cup coarsely chopped pecans, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 8 oz. pkg. toffee baking bits], title: Butter Toffee Chocolate Chip Crunch Cookies, picturelink: tGjCP3h9ee1NHYGxOUzVueoVwHk7QyC}, 18494: {instructions: To make the filling, combine milk and sugar in a nonreactive saucepan, preferably enameled iron. Strip the zest from the lemons with a sharp vegetable peeler, making sure you remove the yellow zest but none of the white pith beneath. If you do remove some of the white pith, scrape it off the strips of zest with the point of a paring knife and discard it. Add the zest to the milk and sugar and bring to a simmer over low heat. Remove from heat and allow to steep for 5 minutes remove the strips of zest with a slotted spoon or skimmer and discard them.nSqueeze lemons to make 12 cup strained juice. Place juice in a mixing bowl and whisk in cornstarch, then yolks. Return milk and sugar mixture to a boil over low heat and whisk about a third of the boiling milk into the lemon juice mixture.nReturn remaining milk and sugar mixture to a boil once more and whisk the lemon juice and yolk mixture back into it, whisking constantly until the filling comes to a boil and thickens. Allow to boil, whisking constantly, for about 30 seconds. Remove from heat, whisk in butter and pour into a nonreactive bowl. Press plastic wrap against the surface of the filling and chill until it is approximately 75 degrees. If you prepare the filling in advance, let it come to room temperature before proceeding.nSet a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Roll out the dough to make bottom crust and arrange in pan. Chill crust until firm.nTo bake the crust, pierce it all over with the tines of a fork at 12inch intervals. Line it with a disk of parchment or waxed paper and fill with cherry stones or dried beans. Bake about 20 minutes, until lightly colored. Remove paper and beans and continue baking until the crust is a deep golden brown. Cool crust on a rack.nSpread the cooled filling evenly in the cooled crust.nSet a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees.nTo make the meringue bring a small pan of water to a boil. Lower heat so that water simmers. Combine egg whites, sugar and salt in the bowl of the mixer or if you are using a hand whisk another heatproof bowl. Place bowl over pan of simmering water and whisk gently for about 2 minutes, until egg whites are hot about 140 degrees and sugar has dis solved. Whip meringue on medium speed until it has cooled and is able to hold a shape, but it should not be dry. Distribute spoonfuls of the meringue all over the top of the pie, then use the back of a spoon or a small offset metal spatula to spread the meringue evenly. It should cover the top of the pie and touch the edges of the crust all around. Here and there, bring up the surface of the meringue so that it is swirled. Place the pie on a cookie sheet and bake for about 5 to 10 minutes, until the meringue is colored evenly. Cool on a rack.nTo mix the dough by hand, combine flour, salt and baking powder in a mediumsized mixing bowl and stir well to mix. Cut butter into 1tablespoon pieces and add to dry ingredients. Toss once or twice to coat pieces of butter. Then using your hands or a pastry blender, break the butter into tiny pieces and pinch and squeeze it into the dry ingredients. Keep the mixture uniform by occasionally reaching down to the bottom of the bowl and mixing all the ingredients evenly together. Continue rubbing the butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles a coarseground cornmeal and no large pieces of butter remain visible.nSprinkle the minimum amount of water over the butter and flour mixture and stir gently with a fork the dough should begin holding together. If the mixture still appears dry and crumbly, add the remaining water, 1 teaspoon at a time for the smaller quantity of dough, a tablespoon at a time for the larger quantity, until the dough holds together easily.nTo mix the dough in the food processor, combine flour, salt and baking powder in work bowl fitted with metal blade. Pulse 3 times at 1second intervals to mix. Cut butter into 1 tablespoon pieces and add to work bowl. Process, pulsing repeatedly at 1second intervals, until the mixture is fine and powdery, resembles a coarseground cornmeal and no large pieces of butter remain visible about 15 pulses in all.nScatter the minimum amount of water on the butter and flour mixture and pulse 5 or 6 times the dough should begin holding together. If the mixture still appears dry and crumbly, add the remaining water, 1 teaspoon at a time for the smaller quantity of dough,one tablespoon at a time for the larger quantity, until the dough holds together easily.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and form it into a disk two equal disks for the larger amount of dough. Sandwich the disks of dough between two pieces of plastic wrap and press it into a 6inch circle. Refrigerate the dough until firm, or until you are ready to use it, at least 1 hour., ingredients: [Flaky Pie Dough for a onecrust pie, about 10 ounces, recipe follows, 2 cups milk, 23 cup sugar, 3 to 4 medium lemons, 14 cup cornstarch, 4 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 4 egg whites, 23 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 1 14 cups allpurpose bleached flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon baking powder, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, 2 to 3 tablespoons cold water, 2 12 cups about 11 ounces allpurpose bleached flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 16 tablespoons 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, 4 to 6 tablespoons cold water], title: Lemon Cream Meringue Pie, picturelink: null}, 18495: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. In a medium bowl, whisk together the sesame oil, white wine vinegar, soy sauce, and sugar. Set aside.nPrepare an ice bath: Fill a large bowl halfway with ice cubes and add some cold water. Place a colander squarely inside the ice bath. The colander will keep you from having to pick the asparagus out from amongst the ice cubes in the ice bath.nAdd salt until the boiling water tastes like seawater. Add the asparagus to the boiling water and cook for 1 12 to 2 minutes  you want them to be crunchy. If the asparagus are thin, cook for only 1 minute. Remove the asparagus from the water with a strainer and transfer them to the colander inside the ice bath. Allow them to cool completely for a few minutes and then place them on a kitchen towel to drain any excess moisture.nToss the asparagus, sesame seeds, and the sauce together and refrigerate for 1 hour, or until ready to serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sugar, Kosher salt, 1 pound fairly thin pencil asparagus, ends trimmed, cut into 2inch pieces, 4 tablespoons sesame seeds], title: Asparagus Spears with Sesame, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 18496: {instructions: Toss the chicken with the mustard powder, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate, 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Place the pearl onions in a small bowl and cover with boiling water. Let sit 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, then drain. Trim the root ends of the onions and slip off the peels set aside.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the chicken skinside down and cook until dark golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and let brown slightly on the other side, about 3 minutes. Remove to a plate and repeat with the remaining chicken.nWipe out the skillet, then melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the pearl onions and cook, stirring, until coated. Sprinkle in the flour stir to coat. Whisk in the white wine and cook 1 minute, then whisk in the cider and broth bring to a boil. Remove from the heat arrange the chicken skinside up on top of the onions and tuck the apples around the chicken. Transfer the pan to the oven bake until the chicken is crisp and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F, 25 to 30 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a platter stir the vinegar and herbs into the skillet. Spoon the onions, apples and sauce around the chicken.nPhotograph by Con PoulosnToss the chicken with the mustard powder, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate, 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Place the pearl onions in a small bowl and cover with boiling water. Let sit 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, then drain. Trim the root ends of the onions and slip off the peels set aside.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the chicken skinside down and cook until dark golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and let brown slightly on the other side, about 3 minutes. Remove to a plate and repeat with the remaining chicken.nWipe out the skillet, then melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the pearl onions and cook, stirring, until coated. Sprinkle in the flour stir to coat. Whisk in the white wine and cook 1 minute, then whisk in the cider and broth bring to a boil. Remove from the heat arrange the chicken skinside up on top of the onions and tuck the apples around the chicken. Transfer the pan to the oven bake until the chicken is crisp and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F, 25 to 30 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a platter stir the vinegar and herbs into the skillet. Spoon the onions, apples and sauce around the chicken.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 whole chicken legs about 3 pounds, 1 tablespoon mustard powder, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 8ounce package pearl onions, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 13 cup dry white wine, 12 cup apple cider, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 Granny Smith apples, cut into chunks, 1 tablespoon tarragon vinegar or white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs chives, tarragon andor chervil, 6 whole chicken legs about 3 pounds, 1 tablespoon mustard powder, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 8ounce package pearl onions, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 13 cup dry white wine, 12 cup apple cider, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 Granny Smith apples, cut into chunks, 1 tablespoon tarragon vinegar or white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs chives, tarragon andor chervil], title: Cider Chicken with Apples and Onions, picturelink: tfyfMjad0akuv9WHwcqZQVGiBORMWS.}, 18497: {instructions: Mix ingredients together in a bowl and refrigerate overnight. Shape mixture into 4 flat patties, each 34inch thick. Cook on medium heat, 6 minutes on each side, or until cooked through., ingredients: [2 pounds ground turkey, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon sage], title: Maple Turkey Sausage, picturelink: null}, 18498: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the broiler. Wrap each scallop in a piece of bacon and secure it with a toothpick. Place the bacon wrapped scallops onto a baking sheet, drizzle them with olive oil, and season them with salt and pepper. Cook them under the broiler for about 10 to 15 minutes until the bacon is cooked through, turning once.nMake the spicy mayo by combining the mayonnaise, chili paste, lime juice, and chopped cilantro. Stir well and refrigerate until ready to use.nTo serve, carefully peel away the lettuce leaves and line a large platter with the lettuce cups. Top each with a bacon wrapped scallop, 2 slices of avocado, and a spoonful of spicy mayonnaise. Garnish with cilantro leaves., ingredients: [1 12 pound large scallops, 12 pound thinsliced bacon, Extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup good quality mayonnaise, 14 cup hot chili paste recommended: Sriracha Hot Chili Paste, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, plus more for garnish, 2 heads Bibb lettuce, washed, 3 avocados, sliced], title: Bacon Wrapped Scallops with Spicy Mayo, picturelink: adMSgVR2ERrznnVkXVM2fwf7bkPrGW}, 18499: {instructions: Place a large nonstick frying pan over the highest possible heat. Sprinkle the meat all over with salt and pepper. When the pan is smoking hot, put in the steaks and sear for 30 seconds on each side. Remove and set aside.nLower the heat to medium and add the butter and onions. Sprinkle with salt and sugar and gently cook the onions until caramelized and soft, 20 minutes. Add the Armagnac and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions become drier, 10 minutes longer.nLet cool for 10 minutes, and then blend to a smooth paste in a food processor. Refrigerate until cold or freeze for speed, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F200C and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nRoll the pastry between 2 sheets of parchment paper to 15inch12cm thick. For each piece of steak, cut 2 pastry rectangles slightly larger than the steak. Brush each piece of steak with some of the mustard on both sides, then place in the middle of a piece of pastry. Top the steak with a heaping tablespoon of the onion mixture. Brush the egg wash around the pastry edges and cover with another piece of pastry. Press the edges to seal the parcel, and then trim the excess pastry to leave a 12inch1cm border and crimp with a fork. Repeat for the remaining steaks.nCut a little cross in the top of each parcel and brush the pastry with the egg wash. Place the parcels on the lined baking sheet and bake for 12 to 15 minutes for mediumrare.nRemove from the oven, cover with foil and let rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Four 6ounce175g venison or beef steaks, each about 1inch2cm thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large red onions, finely sliced, 1 ounce30g unsalted butter, Pinch salt, Pinch sugar, 2 tablespoons Armagnac brandy, 1 pound 2 ounces500g puff pastry or croissant dough, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 freerange egg, mixed with 2 tablespoons water, for the egg wash], title: Mini Venison Wellington, picturelink: null}, 18500: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line a 10 inch round cake pan with parchment paper, butter and flour.nIn a mixing bowl, whip together the egg yolks and sugar until pale yellow. Add the orange zest and vanilla, whip until light and fluffy and set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine 1 cup of the Brazil nuts with the flour and set aside. Reserve the remaining nuts for the garnish.nIn another bowl, beat the egg whites until foamy. Sprinkle in the salt and continue beating until soft peaks form. Alternate folding in the nut and flour mixture, and the beaten yolk mixture, until combined. Pour into the prepared pan.nBake 25 to 30 minutes, or until lightly browned. Set on a rack to cool, about 10 minutes. Run a knife along the edge to loosen and invert onto a platter. Remove the parchment let cool completely.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Place cake on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.nWorking over a bowl to catch the juices, peel the grapefruits and oranges and cut between the membranes to remove the sections. Remove the seeds. Arrange the sections over the cake. Pour the juice through a strainer and drizzle over the cake.nIn mixing bowl, whisk the egg whites until foamy. Gradually add the sugar, whisking until stiff peaks form, about 10 minutes. Gently fold in the reserved 1 cup of ground Brazil nuts.nSpread the meringue evenly over the cake and bake 12 hour. Cool on a rack and serve., ingredients: [3 eggs, separated, 34 cup granulated sugar, Grated zest of 1 orange, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups finely ground Brazil nuts, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 grapefruits, 2 oranges, 4 large egg whites, 1 14 cup granulated sugar], title: Orange Brazil Nut Tart, picturelink: null}, 18501: {instructions: To make Sauce 1: In a small saucepan, combine all the ingredients and bring to a boil. Reduce slightly and set aside to cool. Reserve.nTo make Sauce 2: In a small nonreactive bowl, combine all the ingredients and stir until well blended. Reserve.nSoak the rice noodles in cold water until softened. This can be done several hours ahead of time. Strain and reserve until needed.nHeat oil in a medium sauepan. Deepfry the diced tofu until crisp and golden. Drain in a paper towel and set aside to cool. Reserve. Add the peanuts and fry for 30 seconds. Remove and set aside with the tofu.nIn a small skillet, heat 1 tablespoon butter. Cook the scrambled egg and milk mixture to a medium consistency. Season with salt. Place in a plate and allow to cool. Chop coarsely and set aside until needed.nIn a wok, over high heat, add the peanut oil. When almost smoking, stirfry the lemongrass, green chiles, shallots, ginger, kafir lime, cilantro, and shrimp for 1 minute or until shrimp change color. Add the softened noodles, half of the bean sprouts, fried tofu, scrambled eggs, Sauce 1 and Sauce 2. Continue to stirfry until noodles have flattened and blended with the sauce.nTransfer Pad Thai to serving plate. Top with the remaining bean sprouts, cilantro, green onions and chopped peanuts. Serve a wedge of lime on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons lime juice, 3 tablespoons tamarind paste, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 cup palm sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons minced Thai green chiles, 1 tablespoon minced cilantro leaves, 4 ounces rice noodles, linguini size, 1 quart cold water, Oil, for deepfrying, 2 ounces firm tofu, cut into 12inch dice, 2 tablespoons chopped roasted peanuts, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon milk plus salt, to taste, 1 ounce peanut oil, 12 teaspoon minced lemongrass, 1 teaspoon minced green chiles, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 kaffir lime leaf, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 5 large shrimp, peeled, deveined, 12 cup bean sprouts, Julienne green onions, 1 wedge lime], title: Shrimp Pad Thai, picturelink: null}, 18502: {instructions: Heat a small saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the tuna steak, flat side down, to the pan and sear the tuna to medium rare, approximately 3 to 4 minutes. The center should remain very pink. Serve with Ginger Beets and Seaweed Salad.nCombine all ingredients in a stainless steel bowl. Season with pepper, to taste. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPlace the kelp noodles on the serving plate. Place the seaweed on top of the noodles and garnish with a lime wedge., ingredients: [1 4ounce Ahi tuna steak, 2 ounces Ginger Beets, recipe follows, 2 ounces Seaweed Salad, recipe follows, 1 quart roasted beets, peeled and diced, 2 cups diced red onions, 2 cups peeled and diced carrots, 12ounce fresh ginger root, peeled and julienned, 8 fluid ounces Nama Shoyu can be found in specialty organic markets, 10 drops ginger concentrate, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 tablespoon olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces kelp noodles, cooked according to package directions and chilled, 2 ounces seaweed recommended: Hiyashi Wakame, Lime wedge, for garnish], title: Seared Ahi Tuna with Ginger Beets and Seaweed Salad, picturelink: null}, 18503: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine the ricotta with some milk to thin it out to a spreadable consistency and season it with thyme, salt and pepper, to taste.nLine a cake pan with plastic wrap. Choose a nonstick skillet similar in size to your cake pan.nBeat the eggs with salt and pepper, to taste. Have 2 plates on hand that are similar in size to the skillet. Heat a tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil in the skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add 13 of the zucchini, chili, sweet peppers and scallions to the pan, season with salt and pepper, to taste. Saute the mixture for a couple of minutes then add 13 of the eggs and brown the omelet. Cover the pan with a plate and flip the omelet over and brown on the other side. Slide the browned omelet onto another plate and repeat twice more to create 3 omelets.nPut the most appealing omelet in bottom of a cake pan, spread with half the ricotta mixture and top with another omelet, more cheese and then the third omelet. Invert onto cake plate or stand and top with arugula and shaved Parmesan. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 cup fresh ricotta or fresh sheeps milk ricotta, 13 to 12 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons finely chopped thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound small firm zucchini, shredded or finely chopped, 1 red chile pepper, finely chopped or very thinly sliced, 1 roasted sweet red pepper, chopped, 1 small bunch scallions, whites and greens, chopped, 12 eggs, lightly beaten, Small wedge ParmigianoReggiano, for shaving, 1 cup baby arugula leaves], title: Layered Zucchini and Ricotta Omelet Cake, picturelink: UoEXfmLWJ4O.sYPbK47Wo21msp2MCG}, 18504: {instructions: Whisk together the flour and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the eggs and sugar in a large bowl until pale. Whisk in 1 12 cups of the milk, orange liqueur, vanilla, and orange zest and flour until combined. If the mixture is too thick, add the remaining milk until a thin consistency is achieved. Cover and refrigerate batter for 30 minutes.nHeat an 8inch crepe pan or skillet over medium heat for about 1 minute. Cover the surface of the pan with clarified butter until it gets sizzling hot. Ladle some batter onto the middle of the crepe pan and immediately start swirling the pan to distribute the batter over the surface. Cook for 45 to 60 seconds or until lightly golden brown. Flip over and cook the other side for 20 seconds. Remove to a plate and repeat with the remaining batter.nIn a large skillet over high heat, bring the orange juice to a boil. Add the sugar and zest, reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook until the sugar has melted and the mixture is slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and add the orange liqueur and orange sections. Set aside.nWorking in batches, gently place a crepe into the pan holding the orange juice and orange sections. Leave for 1 minute to absorb some juice. Using a narrow spatula, remove the crepe to a warm serving plate. Repeat with remaining crepes. Roll the crepes into a cylinder. Spoon on some of the orange sections. Serve 2 crepes per person. Top with vanilla ice cream and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 3 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups milk, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 12 cup clarified butter, 1 12 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 3 oranges, peeled and sectioned, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Crepes Suzette, picturelink: null}, 18505: {instructions: Roast chiles over a gas flame, constantly turning so that the skin is charred evenly. Transfer the chiles to a plastic bag and tie closed, allowing the chiles to stem, until cool to the touch. Pull the charred skin off by hand. Once peeled, slice lengthwise removing seeds and veins.nBoil the tomatoes for about 5 minutes. Take off the skin and place into a blender with garlic, onion, salt and pepper, to taste. Pulse until thoroughly combined. Bring to boil over medium heat and keep warm until ready to serve.nCombine the Requezon cheese, chopped pecans and salt and pepper, to taste, in a bowl. Place 12 cup of cheese mixture inside each of the chiles, and roll the flesh entirely to close around the cheese. Spread the flour on a plate and diproll the chiles in the flour for an even coating. Beat the egg whites until stiff.nHeat the oil to a temperature of about 360 to 375 degrees F.nDip the chiles in the egg whites, coating evenly. Fry until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Transfer the chiles to a plate.nTo serve, coat the chile in the salsa., ingredients: [4 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, slit lengthwise down 1 side and seeded, 6 tomatoes, 2 garlic cloves, 12 chopped onion, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh Requezon Mexican cheese, 1 cup finely chopped pecans, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 8 egg whites, 1 12 cups vegetable oil], title: Chile Rellenos, picturelink: null}, 18506: {instructions: Combine the anchovy paste, mustard, garlic, Worcestershire and lemon juice, stream in olive oil to form dressing then stir in cheese and lots of black pepper. Add lettuce and croutons or cubed toasted bread and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 rounded teaspoon anchovy paste, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, grated or minced, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 lemon, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup grated Romano cheese, Coarse black pepper, 2 small heads or 1 large head escarole, coarsely chopped or torn, 1 head Treviso long leaf radicchio coarsely chopped or torn, 1 cup storebought good quality croutons or 2 to 3 slices semolina bread, toasted and cubed], title: Bitter Caesar Salad, picturelink: MVwHmOiLfTJnztIavHxb80adpPXdia}, 18507: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll cookie dough into a ball. Roll ball out on a lightly floured surface into a 12 to 14inch circle. Transfer circle to a baking sheet and bake 10 to 12 minutes, until golden brown. Remove from oven and top with preserves, strawberry pepperoni and white chocolate., ingredients: [11ounce package refrigerated sugar cookie dough, 12 cup strawberry preserves, Strawberry fruit jerky, cut into 1inch diameter pepperoni rounds, 12 cup shredded white chocolate], title: Pizza Cookie, picturelink: zK40gyZHg5NoW1RRehtMqcc31daC}, 18508: {instructions: Toss potatoes and onions in olive oil, bread crumbs and salt and pepper. Place potatoes and onions around lamb in roasting pan., ingredients: [15 small potatoes, each quartered, 10 small onions, each quartered, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup dried bread crumbs, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Roasted New Potatoes and Onions, picturelink: null}, 18509: {instructions: Thoroughly combine the salt, dried chiles, paprika and sugar in a mixing bowl and dredge the steaks in mixture to coat evenly. Let marinate for 12 hours or overnight, refrigerated.nTo make the sauce, place the beans in a saucepan with the broth or water. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until tender, checking every 20 minutes or so add more broth or water as needed to keep the beans covered. When the beans are tender, season with salt and pepper and reserve.nHeat the clarified butter or oil in a large skillet or pan over medium heat until lightly smoking. Add the shallots and garlic, and cook for 1 minute longer. Add the mushrooms and corn. Deglaze the pan with the red wine and reduce the liquid by 34 over high heat, while scraping the pan with a spatula to dissolve the solidified juices. Add the demiglace, chipotle puree, sage, reserved beans and tomato. Reduce the liquid by one third, add the basil, whisk in the butter and season with salt. Keep sauce warm while grilling steaks and preparing onion rings.nPrepare a mediumhot fire in a grill with charcoal briquettes. Grill steaks to desired doneness, about 5 to 7 per side for medium rare. Serve with sauce and onion rings.nPour enough canola oil in a frying pan to come 3 to 4 inches up side of pan. Heat to 350 degrees F.nFor the onion rings, pour enough milk in a large mixing bowl to cover sliced onions let soak for 20 minutes.nThoroughly combine all the dry ingredients in a bowl, except salt and cayenne. Shake excess milk off the onions and toss into flour mixture until well coated. Fry in canola oil until golden. Remove from oil and season with salt and cayenne to taste.nTo prepare smoker:nSoak 6 to 8 small chunks of aromatic wood preferably hickory for 20 minutes in water.nBuild fire in smoker with hardwood charcoal briquettes and electric starter avoid chemical starters since they impart unpleasant flavors in the smoke. When briquettes are still glowing but somewhat gray about 20 minutes from starting fire, add soaked wood chunks. Let burn for 5 minutes. The temperature of the smoker should register about 180 degrees.nPlace chiles and vegetables on grill over water pan and cover with top of smoker. Smoke ingredients for 20 minutes. Remove ingredients from smoker and place in a 2 quart saucepan with the veal stock. Bring to a boil and reduce liquid by 13. Whisk in mustard. Strain and set aside.nIn small saucepan, whisk together the vinegar and sugar. Bring to a boil and continue cooking until mixture becomes syrupy, about 3 minutes. Add syrup to the strained veal stock and whisk in the catsup. Strain sauce through fine strainer., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 1 cup ground assorted dried chiles such as, guajillo, pasilla and chipotle, 1 cup paprika, 13 cup sugar, 4 14 to 16ounce bonein ribeye steaks, 12 cup pinto beans, soaked overnight and drained, 1 quart ham hock broth or water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon clarified butter or vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 cups cleaned and sliced assorted fresh wild mushrooms, 12 cup fresh corn kernels 1 small ear, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 12 cups veal demiglace, 1 teaspoon chipotle chile puree, 1 teaspoon chopped sage leaves, 1 medium ripe tomato, blanched, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 tablespoon chiffonade fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, Red chile onion rings, recipe follows, Chipotle Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, Canola oil, for frying, 3 onions, cut into very thin rings, Milk for soaking, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup paprika, 12 cup pure chili powder, 2 tablespoons ground cumin seeds, Salt, Ground cayenne, to taste, The secret to the complex flavor of this sauce is the smoking of the chiles and vegetables., 1 ancho chile, halved and seeded, 1 serrano chile, halved and seeded, 1 chipotle chile, halved and seeded, 1 small ripe tomato, quartered, 1 small onion, quartered, 1 medium beet, 12 red bell pepper, halved and seeded, 12 yellow bell pepper, halved and seeded, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 small turnip, 1 quart rich veal stock, 2 teaspoons powdered mustard, 6 tablespoons raspberry vinegar, 6 tablespoons light brown sugar, 12 cup catsup preferably homemade], title: BoneIn Cowboy Ribeye with PintoWild Mushroom Ragout and Red Chile Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 18510: {instructions: Special equipment: a 3 12inch round cutternFor the dough: stir the yeast and 1 teaspoon honey into 1 cup warm water 100 to 110 degrees F. Let sit until bubbly, about 5 minutes. In a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the eggs and yolks, olive oil, salt, remaining 14 cup honey and the yeast mixture. Mix on low until combined. Add 4 cups flour on low speed, 1 cup at a time, and mix to form a smooth, wet dough. Switch to the dough hook and knead on mediumhigh, adding up to 12 cup more flour to make a slightly sticky dough that forms a ball around the hook, 4 to 5 minutes. Form the dough into a ball, place in a large bowl and lightly coat in olive oil. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled in size, about 1 12 hours.nFor the filling: Meanwhile, stir together the chocolate, butter, pecans, sugar, cinnamon and salt in a medium bowl to make a chunky paste.nButter a 10inch round cake pan and set aside. When the dough has risen, punch it down and roll with a lightly floured rolling pin on a wellfloured work surface into a 24by16inch rectangle about 14inch thick. Use a 3 12inch round cutter to cut out as many circles as you can from the dough. Fill each circle to the edge with about 1 tablespoon filling and fold in half, then in half again, so it looks like a quarter of a circle. Pinch the tip of the dough so that the rounded edge opens slightly. Arrange pieces, pinchedside down, in a circle around the edge of the pan with some space between the pieces and the chocolate filling showing at the top. Arrange 2 more circles in the pan, ending with one piece in the center. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until almost doubled, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Brush the risen dough with beaten egg and bake until golden and the center of the bread registers about 180 degrees F on an instantread thermometer avoid touching the pan, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool in the pan on a rack for 10 minutes, then remove and serve warm., ingredients: [1 packet 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 14 cup plus 1 teaspoon honey or light agave syrup, 2 large eggs plus 3 large egg yolks, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowl, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 to 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for working the dough see Cooks Note, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pan, 14 cup finely chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: PullApart Chocolate Chrysanthemum Bread, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 18511: {instructions: Pour canola oil into a deep castiron skillet to a depth of 2 inches. Heat over high heat to 350 degrees F. Line a plate with paper towels.nWhile the oil is heating, lightly scrub the potatoes with a firm brush under running water. Use the fine julienne blade on a mandoline to cut the potatoes. Alternatively, very thinly slice the potatoes lengthwise. Stack the slices and very thinly slice them lengthwise to make long thin straws. Rinse the potato straws under cold running water. This rinses off the starch and makes the straws nice and crispy. Pat dry on paper towels.nWorking in batches, fry the potatoes in the oil until golden brown and crispy, 2 to 3 minutes. With a slotted spoon or spider, transfer the straws to the paper towelu00bflined plate. Season with salt and pepper immediately and serve.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 2 russet potatoes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 or 5 turns freshly ground black pepper], title: Fried Potato Straws, picturelink: null}, 18512: {instructions: Place lime juice, orange juice, honey, orange zest, and sugar in a large bowl. With a whisk in 1 hand and the oil in another, slowly begin to add the oil until its all gone. Season with salt and white pepper, to taste. The finished product should look like it has significant body, taste semisweet and with a touch of tartness. Toss desired amount with mixed greens, and serve., ingredients: [14 cup lime juice, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 1 12 teaspoons honey, 14 cup orange zest, 18 cup sugar, Salt, Pinch white pepper, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons light extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound mixed greens], title: Lime Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 18513: {instructions: Pour 12 teaspoon creme de cassis into 2 Champagne flutes. Pour champagne over the creme de cassis. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 teaspoon creme de cassis, Champagne], title: Kir Royale, picturelink: null}, 18514: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat an 8x8inch baking pan with nonstick vegetableoil spray.nTo make the macaroon topping: Mix the cream cheese, sugar, egg white, flour, and coconut extract until smooth. Stir in the flaked coconut. Set aside.nTo make the brownies: In a large bowl, combine the wholewheat flour, allpurpose flour, sugar, cocoa powder, and baking powder.nIn a medium bowl, beat the egg whites until foamy add the babyfood prunes, buttermilk, and vanilla. Add the egg white mixture to the flour mixture and mix until blended. Stir in the chocolate chips and almonds. Spread the batter in the prepared baking pan.nSpread the macaroon topping over the brownie batter. Bake 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool, in the pan, on a wire rack. Drizzle with the melted chocolate chips. Decorative tip: Swirl a toothpick through the melted chips after drizzling them on the brownies., ingredients: [4 ounces fatfree cream cheese, 13 cup sugar, 1 egg white, 4 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon coconut extract, 34 cup flaked coconut, 14 cup wholewheat flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 4 egg whites, 1 2 12ounce jar babyfood prunes, 13 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup mini chocolate chips, 14 cup toasted chopped almonds, 1 tablespoon mini chocolate chips, melted], title: Macaroon Brownies, picturelink: null}, 18515: {instructions: To make dressing, combine sour cream, mayonnaise, lime juice, green onions, jalapenos, chili powder and dry mustard in a medium bowl. Season to taste with salt. Cover and refrigerate can be made 2 days ahead of time. Cut hearts of palm, tomatoes, and avocados into 1inch pieces. Combine in medium bowl. Mix vegetables with just enough dressing to coat lightly. Line large platter with lettuce leaves. Mound vegetables in center. Surround with shrimp and crab. Serve remaining dressing on the side., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 green onions, chopped, 2 jalapenos, seeded, minced, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, Salt, to taste, 2 7 12ounce cans hearts of palm, drained, 2 large tomatoes, 2 large avocados, peeled, pitted, Red leaf lettuce leaves, 1 12 pounds cooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 8 cooked crab claws], title: Seafood, Avocado, and Hearts of Palm Salad, picturelink: null}, 18516: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the stuffing: Spread corn and onion on a baking pan, toss with grapeseed oil to coat, and sprinkle with turmeric, salt and pepper. Roast until corn is tender, about 25 to 35 minutes. Leave oven on to warm tomatoes after stuffing them.nFor the puree: While corn and onion are in oven, combine Brussels sprouts, cauliflower, and stock in a small but deep saucepot you will be using an immersion blender. Cook until vegetables are soft and liquid is reduced by half. Puree using an immersion blender. Add cubed butter and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside and keep warm.nFor the tomatoes: Blanch tomatoes for 1 or 2 minutes in salted boiling water and slip off skins. Cut in half and remove seeds. Place on baking sheet and stuff with cornonion mixture. Bake in oven until heated through, about 5 to 7 minutes.nStir puree of Brussels sprouts and spoon onto plate. Place 2 halves of a stuffed tomato in center.nSprinkle with minced parsley leaves., ingredients: [12 pound frozen corn, 1 medium red onion, diced, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon turmeric, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 Brussels sprouts, tough outer leaves removed, halved, 1 6to8ounce package cauliflower florets, rinsed, 2 cups lowsodium vegetable stock, 4 tablespoons butter, cubed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 vine ripened tomatoes, 1 tablespoon fresh minced flatleaf parsley], title: Turmeric Sweet CornStuffed Tomato with Puree of Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 18517: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSlice cheese into 5 14inch thick slices, then cut the slices in half again, lengthwise.nButterfly hot dogs lengthwise. Place 2 cheese slices inside the slit and close hot dog. Wrap a slice of bacon tightly around the hot dog, covering the entire surface.nPlace on a greased baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes or until bacon is crisp. Remove from oven allowing grease to drain for a minute on paper towels. Place a hot dog into each bun and serve., ingredients: [Block Cheddar, 5 hot dogs, rinsed, 5 slices bacon, 5 hot dog buns], title: Big Daddy Dog, picturelink: 9fbRJ7p5boLkgsh7o2DfdisnwrKeJOS}, 18518: {instructions: Whisk together the vinegar, peanut butter, ginger, chipotle pepper puree, soy sauce, honey, sesame oil, and canola oil in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Combine cabbage, lettuce, carrots, snow peas, cilantro, and green onion in a large bowl. Add the dressing and toss to combine.nTransfer to a serving platter and top with the shredded chicken, chopped peanuts, and mint. Drizzle with chili oil, if desired. Garnish with grilled lime halves., ingredients: [14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons smooth peanut butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons chipotle pepper puree, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 12 cup canola oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 head Napa cabbage, shredded, 12 head romaine lettuce, shredded, 2 carrots, shredded, 14 pound snow peas, julienned, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup thinly sliced green onion, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, 12 cup chopped roasted peanuts, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, Chili oil, optional, Grilled lime halves, for garnish], title: Chinese Chicken Salad with Red Chile Peanut Dressing, picturelink: null}, 18519: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Chop the applesauce apples and put them in a saucepan with 2 tablespoons of the brown sugar, the nutmeg, and 14cup60 ml water. Cook, stirring occasionally, until very soft. Put the apple mixture through a food mill to remove the skins and seeds. You should have about 112 cups375 ml applesauce.nPeel and very thinly slice the royal gala apples. Toss with the remaining brown sugar and melted butter. Spread the applesauce in the base of the baked tart shell and arrange the sliced apples over top. Brush the apple with any butter and sugar remaining in the bottom of the bowl. Bake until the apples slices are very soft and golden, about 20 minutes, depending on their thickness. Remove the tart from the oven and let cool slightly. Unmold. Serve warm or completely cool for a firmer tart with vanilla ice cream or a spoonful of creme fraiche., ingredients: [1 9inch23 cm baked sweet tart shell, 6 applesauce apples, unpeeled recommended: Braeburn, 14 cup55 g brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 cup60 ml water, 2 baking apples recommended: royal gala apples, or other variety that keeps shape during cooking, 2 tablespoons melted butter], title: Applesauce Apple Tart, picturelink: QZ.nAv2iqUTFa3dSPtdKsYal5IhtNi}, 18520: {instructions: Add Ciroc Vodka and lemonade into a shaker.nShake with ice and strain into glass., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Ciroc Vodka, 3 oz. lemonade], title: The Ciroc Diddy, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 18521: {instructions: Combine 8 ounces each shredded cheddar and pepper jack, one 4ounce jar diced pimientos plus 2 tablespoons juice, 12 diced red onion, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 to 2 minced garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon hot smoked paprika and 12 teaspoon ground celery seeds with a rubber spatula. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [], title: Pimiento Cheese, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 18522: {instructions: Measure out 1 34 cups warm water it should be pleasantly warm on your wrist. Sprinkle the yeast on top of the water and allow it to activate, about 10 minutes.nPut the salt and 2 cups of the flour into a food processor. Pulse 5 times to blend. Pour in the yeast and water and pulse 5 times. Add the olive oil. Add the remaining flour 1 cup at a time, pulsing and scraping the sides of the bowl until well blended. As soon as the mixture is combined, dump it out onto a wellfloured board and knead for 15 turns. The dough will become smooth and elasticlike.nPlace the dough in a greased bowl and turn to coat all sides. Cover with plastic wrap or a tea towel. Allow the dough to rise in a warm place for 45 minutes, until doubled in size, and then punch it down.nDivide it in half each half will make 1 12inch pizza. You can make 2 pizzas, or freeze half the dough for another time. Freeze the dough in a resealable freezer bag. To thaw, remove the bag from the freezer and place in the refrigerator for 24 hours. Roll the dough out while cold and then allow it to come to room temperature before adding toppings., ingredients: [1 34 cups warm water, 1 14 ounces package active dry yeast, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 12 cups bread flour, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Basic Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 18523: {instructions: Puree all ingredients for chimichurri in a blender until just blended. Grill beef skewers and brush chimichurri on during the last few minutes of cooking. Serve more chimichurri on the side as a condiment., ingredients: [1 pound filet mignon, cut in 1inch cubes, coated with olive oil and divided among 4 skewers, 1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup olive oil, 14 cup sherry wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper], title: Argentinean Beef Skewers with Chimichurri, picturelink: null}, 18524: {instructions: For the Mushroom Duxelle: Heat olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat until almost smoking, add the mushrooms and cook until golden brown and dry. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until soft. Add the wine and cook until reduced. Add the thyme and season with salt and pepper to taste.nFor the Potatoes: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Pour 2 tablespoons of the clarified butter into an iron skillet and heat over high heat. Arrange potatoes slices in the pan in concentric circles, overlapping the slices, drizzle each layer with butter, season with salt and pepper and spread some of the mushroom duxelle over the entire surface. Repeat to make 4 to 5 layers. Heat the pan on top of the stove until the butter bubbles. Transfer the pan to the oven and bake until the potatoes are golden brown and soft, 20 to 25 minutes. Press the potatoes with a pot lid during the baking once or twice to keep them flat. Remove from the oven and pour out excess butter. Let sit 10 minutes before inverting onto a round platter., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 pounds cremini mushrooms, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 sticks unsalted butter, clarified, 4 large potatoes, peeled and sliced thinly on a mandoline, Salt and pepper, Mushroom Duxelle], title: Mushroom Pommes Anna, picturelink: null}, 18525: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nToss the cauliflower with the ghee, curry powder and 2 teaspoons of the salt, and then transfer to a foillined baking sheet. Roast until just tender and slightly charred, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot and cover with 3 inches of cold water. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large rimmed baking sheet, drizzle with the white wine vinegar and let cool slightly.nCombine the potatoes and cauliflower in a large bowl. Toss with the peas, cilantro, mint, ginger, garlic, onions and Cilantro Emulsion until thoroughly combined. Season with more salt and pepper, if needed, and serve.nFor Cilantro Emulsion: Bring 1 quart water to a boil with the salt in a small saucepan. Add the egg still in the shell and simmer over moderately high heat, 5 minutes.nTransfer the egg to a bowl of cold water using a slotted spoon and let stand 3 to 4 minutes. Crack the egg all over and gently peel under warm running water, keeping it whole.nCombine the poached egg with the cilantro, lemon juice, ginger and garlic in a blender. With the blender running, slowly begin drizzling in the olive oil until emulsified. Season with the white pepper and more salt, if needed., ingredients: [One 2 to 2 12pound head cauliflower, cut into bitesize florets about 4 cups, 14 cup melted ghee, 3 tablespoons curry powder, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons salt, plus more to taste, 1 12 pounds unpeeled assorted baby potatoes, such as whiteskinned, redskinned and purple, quartered, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 cup fresh or frozen and thawed peas, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh minced ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small white onion, finely diced, Cilantro Emulsion, recipe follows, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon fresh minced ginger, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 1 cup olive oil], title: Curried Cauliflower and Potato Salad with Cilantro Emulsion, picturelink: null}, 18526: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough: Heat the milk, vegetable oil and sugar in a medium saucepan over medium heat to just below a boil. Set aside and cool to warm. Sprinkle the yeast on top and let it sit on the milk for 1 minute.nAdd 8 cups of the flour. Stir until just combined, and then cover with a clean kitchen towel and set aside in a relatively warm place for 1 hour. After 1 hour, remove the towel and add the baking powder, baking soda, salt and the remaining 1 cup flour. Stir thoroughly to combine. Use the dough right away, or place in a mixing bowl and refrigerate for up to 3 days, punching down the dough if it rises to the top of the bowl. The dough is easier to work with if its been chilled for at least an hour or so beforehand.nTo assemble the rolls, remove half the dough from the pan. On a floured baking surface, roll the dough into a large rectangle, about 30 by 10 inches. The dough should be rolled very thin.nFor the filling: Pour 34 cup to 1 cup of the melted butter over the surface of the dough. Use your fingers to spread the butter evenly. Generously sprinkle half of the ground cinnamon and 1 cup of the sugar over the butter. Dont be afraid to drizzle on more butter or more sugar Gooey is the goal.nNow, beginning at the end farthest from you, roll the rectangle tightly towards you. Use both hands and work slowly, being careful to keep the roll tight. Dont worry if the filling oozes as you work that just means the rolls are going to be divine. When you reach the end, pinch the seam together and flip the roll so that the seam is face down. When youre finished, youll wind up with one long buttery, cinnamony, sugary, gooey log.nSlip a cutting board underneath the roll and, with a sharp knife, make 12inch slices. One log will produce 20 to 25 rolls. Pour a couple of teaspoons of melted butter into disposable foil cake pans and swirl to coat. Place the sliced rolls in the pans, being careful not to overcrowd. Each pan will hold 7 to 9 rolls.nRepeat the rollingsugarbutter process with the other half of the dough and more pans.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cover all the pans with a kitchen towel and set aside to rise on the countertop for at least 20 minutes before baking.nRemove the towel and bake until golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Dont allow the rolls to become overly brown.nWhile the rolls are baking, make the maple icing: In a large bowl, whisk together the powdered sugar, milk, butter, coffee and salt. Splash in the maple flavoring. Whisk until very smooth. Taste and add in more maple, sugar, butter or other ingredients as needed until the icing reaches the desired consistency. The icing should be somewhat thick but still very pourable.nRemove the pans from the oven. Immediately drizzle the icing over the top. Be sure to get it all around the edges and over the top. As they sit, the rolls will absorb some of the icings moisture and flavor. They only get better with time... not that they last for more than a few seconds. Make them for a friend today Itll seal the relationship for life. I promise., ingredients: [1 quart whole milk, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup sugar, 2 packages active dry yeast 4 12 teaspoons, 9 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 cups melted butter, plus more as needed, 1 heaping teaspoon baking powder, 1 scant teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 cup ground cinnamon, for sprinkling, 2 cups sugar, plus more as needed, 2 pounds powdered sugar, 12 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons 34 stick butter, melted, 14 cup strongly brewed coffee, Dash of salt, 1 tablespoon maple flavoring or maple extract], title: Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: ZYsfVuAbRD96qpMKKrvudtdzrIFY1jW}, 18527: {instructions: In a heavybottomed pot, preheat the vegetable oil to 350 degrees. Add the potatoes and fry until golden, about 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer the fries to a large bowl and toss with BBQ Spice. Serve.nPlace all the ingredients in a food processor and pulse until everything is very well combined and almost pulverized. Sprinkle desired amount over hot French fries and toss well., ingredients: [6 cups vegetable oil, 4 Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 4thick inch fries, 1 Recipe BBQ Spice, follows, 5 tablespoons Hungarian paprika, 2 tablespoons Old Bay Seasoning, 1 tablespoons chili powder pasilla negro or habanero, 2 tablespoons brown suagr, 1 teaspoon cumin, ground, 1 teaspoon coriander, ground, 1 teaspoon thyme dried, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 3 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Bbq Spiced French Fries, picturelink: null}, 18528: {instructions: Make the angel food cake batter according to package instructions. Place in the mini Bundt pan and bake according to package instructions.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the powdered sugar, liqueur and vanilla until very smooth.nPlace the angel food cakes on a cooling rack set atop a sheet tray. Using a spoon, pour enough glaze over the top of the cakes to drip partly down the sides. Sprinkle with raw sugar to garnish. Allow the glaze to set about 30 minutes before removing the cakes from the rack to serve.nSpecial equipment: 12 count mini Bundt pan., ingredients: [One 16ounce box angel food cake mix, 2 cups powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons white chocolate liquor, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup raw sugar, for garnish], title: Ghost Cakes, picturelink: z1ss43jSpc26F193e5SNWypCfEjoc0m}, 18529: {instructions: Cooks Note: Reserve the inner core of the red onion for the Black Eyed Peas and Rice recipenFor the tamarind sauce: Put the coriander seeds and cinnamon stick into a saucepan and toast over medium heat for 1 minute. Stir in the tamarind, coconut milk, grapefruit juice, water, sugar, ginger, salt, and pepper to taste, breaking up the tamarind with a spoon. Bring the ingredients to a boil, and then reduce the mixture to a simmer. Cook until the sauce has thickened, about 15 to 20 minutes. Strain the sauce into a bowl, and adjust the seasonings with salt, and black pepper, to taste.nFor the marinade: Combine the shallot, ginger, garlic, oil, and black pepper in a bowl, and mix.nAdd the lamb pieces to the mixture and toss to coat evenly. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator to marinate for a minimum of 30 minutes and a maximum of 24 hours.nFor the kebabs: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh and lightly oil the grates.nAssemble the kebabs by threading 1 piece of red onion onto a wooden skewer that has been soaked in water, followed by 1 piece of lamb through the same skewer, so the meat is resting on the red onion. Skewer the mint stems and leaves, wrapping them around the red onion and the lamb. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nGrill the kebabs until the lamb is mediumrare, approximately 10 to 12 minutes, turning frequently.nTransfer the kebabs to a serving platter and serve with the Tamarind Sauce and the Black Eyed Peas and Rice.nCan be found at specialty Asian markets .nHeat the vegetable oil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic to the pan and cook until the onion is translucent. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. Add the rice, stirring to coat the grains in the oil. Pour in the water, and stir to separate the rice. Bring the ingredients to a boil, and at this point, reduce the heat to a simmer, and place a lid over the pot. Cook the rice until tender, about 15 minutes.nAdd the black eyed peas to the pot 5 minutes before the end of the cooking process.nTransfer the finished dish to a bowl, let it cool slightly, and garnish with the mint., ingredients: [1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 12 cinnamon stick, 2 7ounce packages tamarind paste, 1 14ounce can coconut milk, Juice of 1 grapefruit, 1 12 cups water, 12 cup sugar, 12 tablespoon smashed fresh ginger, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 shallot, diced, 12 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 2pound boned lamb leg, silver skin removed and diced into 1inch cubes, 1 medium red onion, cored and cut into 1inch cubes, Bunch fresh mint, Kosher salt, Black Eyed Peas and Rice, recipe follows, Special Equipment: wooden skewers, soaked in water, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 reserved red onion core, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups parboiled long grain rice, 2 14 cups water, 1 15ounce can black eyed peas, rinsed and drained, Bunch fresh mint, stemmed], title: Lamb Kebabs with Tamarind Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18530: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.nIn a small saucepan melt butter with the garlic and let the mixture cool. In a shallow bowl or pie plate toss the crumbs with the Parmesan. Dip the chicken cubes first in the butter and then in the bread crumb mixture, making sure that each cube is coated well with crumbs. Arrange the chicken in one layer on a baking sheet and bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes or until the chicken is just cooked through. Transfer to paper towels to drain., ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, 2 garlic cloves minced, 1 cup fine fresh bread crumbs, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 whole boneless skinless breast cut into 1inch cubes], title: Ruthies Chicken Nuggets, picturelink: null}, 18531: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 3 cups hickory or apple chips if desired, soaked in cold water for 1 hournTwo days before cooking: Combine the Spanish paprika, New Mexican chile powder, garlic powder, onion powder, oregano, thyme, chile de arbol and cayenne in a small bowl. Remove 14 cup for another use, such as the Eggplant Casserole with Red Pepper Pesto and Cajun Breadcrumbs. Dissolve the salt and sugar in 2 gallons cold water in a large at least 16quart stockpot or a clean bucket. Whisk in half of the remaining spice rub, the garlic, bay leaves and onion. Add the turkey, cover and refrigerate or set in a very cold place that stays somewhere between 32 to 40 degrees F for at least 12 hours and up to 24 hours. Rinse well under cold water and pat dry to remove the salt. Let airdry in the refrigerator for 24 hours.nIn The Big Green Egg: Light a large chimney filled with charcoal briquettes about 5 quarts and allow to burn until all the charcoal is covered with a layer of fine gray ash. Empty the coals into the grill. Top with some of the soaked wood chips if using. Put in the ceramic plate, then the grill rack. Put the cover on and let the grate heat up. Brush the turkey with oil and rub the entire turkey including the cavity with the remaining spice rub. Tie the legs together. Adjust the grill vents to get and maintain an internal temperature of 350 degrees F. Roast the turkey for 2 hours to 2 hours and 15 minutes, until a meat thermometer inserted in the thigh reads 165 degrees F. Remove from the grill, tent with foil and let rest for 30 minutes before carving.nIn the Caja China: Prepare the charcoal briquettes according to the instructions that come with the box. Put the roasting pan with its rack comes with the box inside, and put the turkey breastside down on the rack. Put on the top and fill with charcoal. After 30 minutes, flip the turkey breastside up and continue cooking for about 1 more hour, until a meat thermometer inserted in the thigh reads 165 degrees F. Add charcoal as necessary according to the box instructions. Remove from the box, tent with foil and let rest for 30 minutes before carving., ingredients: [12 cup Spanish paprika, 14 cup New Mexican chile powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 12 teaspoons chile de arbol, 14 to 12 teaspoon cayenne powder, 1 12 cups kosher salt, 14 cup light brown sugar, 4 whole cloves garlic, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 large Spanish onion, quartered, One 12pound fresh turkey, 14 cup canola oil], title: Cajun Brined TurkeyTwo Ways, picturelink: D7wPcGmoyy804lADv3giO5Fs6xI2IK}, 18532: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfryer or a Dutch oven with a deepfry thermometernFor the saffron tartar sauce: Bring the vinegar to a simmer in a small saucepan, add the saffron, remove from the heat and let steep for 5 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and refrigerate until cool, about 10 minutes.nPut the mayonnaise in a medium bowl and whisk in the onion, mustard, capers, cornichons, lemon zest, lemon juice and the cooled saffron vinegar mixture. Stir until combined and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 8 hours to allow the flavors to meld. Stir in the parsley just before serving.nFor the sherry vinegar tartar sauce and chips: Whisk together the vinegar and mustard in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified and stir in the tarragon. Let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes and up to 60 minutes before serving to allow the flavors to meld.nSet a baking rack over a baking sheet and set aside. Heat the vegetable oil in a deep fryer or medium Dutch oven over medium heat until it registers 325 degrees F.nFry the potatoes, in batches, until pale golden blonde and slightly soft, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining potatoes. Increase the heat of the oil to 365 degrees F.nFry the potatoes again, in batches, until golden brown and crispy, about 2 minutes. Drain on a plate lined with paper towels, and season immediately with more salt and the smoked paprika. Reserve the oil for frying the fish.nFor the fried parsley leaves: If desired for serving, fry the parsley leaves in the oil until crisp, about 30 seconds. Drain on a plate lined with a paper towel, season with salt and set aside for serving.nFor the fried fish: Add more oil to the the deep fryer or Dutch oven if necessary and heat to 365 degrees F. Set a baking rack over a baking sheet and set aside.nWhisk together the beer, rice flour, breadcrumbs and salt and pepper until smooth, adding more beer if needed. The batter should be just thick enough to coat the back of a spoon.nWhisk together the flour, cayenne and some salt and pepper on a plate. Season the halibut on both sides with salt and pepper, dredge in the seasoned flour and tap off the excess.nDip the fish in the batter and let the excess run off. Fry the fish in batches, until golden brown on both sides and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and season with salt. Serve with the saffron tartar sauce, sherry vinegar and tartar sauce and chips. Garnish with the fried parsley, if desired., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, Pinch of saffron, 1 12 cups prepared mayonnaise, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 2 heaping tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons capers, drained and chopped, 6 cornichons, drained and finely diced, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon and juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh flat leaf parsley, 14 cup aged sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh tarragon, 1 quart vegetable or canola oil, 4 large Russet or Idaho potatoes, skin on, cut into eight wedges, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 cup loosely packed parsley leaves, clean and completely dry, Kosher salt, Canola oil for frying, if necessary, 1 12 cups beer, such as Stella Artois, plus more if needed, 1 12 cups rice flour, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Six 6ounce halibut fillets, 1 cup parsley leaves, optional, clean and completely dry, Kosher salt], title: Fish and Chips, picturelink: 6do7ceqW0MexV2E57WHEdIVhqk0TOR.}, 18533: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nBrush the salmon steaks lightly with some of the oil. Combine the two types of sesame seeds in a flat dish or pan and dredge the flesh side not the skin side in the sesame seeds and set aside. Combine the shallots, ginger, chili oil, sherry, broth and soy sauce in an ovenproof dish.nSeason the steaks with salt and pepper.nHeat a saute pan over medium heat with the remaining canola oil and sear the salmon steaks on both sides to a golden brown, taking care not to burn the sesame seeds. Place the seared fish, sesame seeds up, on the seasoned shallots in the baking dish and put the salmon in the oven. Roast for 7 to 8 minutes for medium rare, or until the fish is cooked to your preference.nServe the roast salmon immediately with additional soy sauce, pickled ginger and chili sauce on the side., ingredients: [4 salmon steaks, skin off, 6 to 7 ounces each, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons white sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large shallots, peeled and finely chopped about 14 cup, 1 tablespooon grated ginger, 1 teaspoon hot chili oil, 14 cup dry sherry, 14 cup fish or clam broth, 2 tablespoons soy sauce], title: Slow Roasted Sesame Salmon, picturelink: null}, 18534: {instructions: Mix all ingredients well. Chill and serve with vegetables., ingredients: [2 ounces fresh ginger, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped parsley, 14 cup water chestnuts or peeled Jicama, finely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce], title: Ginger Garlic Dip, picturelink: null}, 18535: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace sweet potatoes, butter, pineapple, and maple syrup in a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish. Combine well, using a potato masher. Place in oven, and bake until bubbling, about 45 minutes. Top with marshmallows, and continue to bake until marshmallows are soft but not completely melted, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 40ounce cans sweet potatoes in heavy syrup, drained, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 stick, cut into 8 pieces, 1 20ounce can crushed pineapple, 1 cup maple syrup, 1 10ounce package large marshmallows], title: Easter Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 18536: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crumble: Mix the flour, gingersnap crumbs, brown sugar, granulated sugar and salt in a large bowl. Stir in the melted butter until the mixture has a crumbly texture.nFor the filling: In a separate large bowl, combine the pear slices, cranberries, granulated sugar, cornstarch, orange zest and juice and vanilla.nBrush a 2quart baking dish with softened butter. Pour the fruit mixture into the bottom of the prepared dish, and sprinkle the gingersnap crumble evenly over the top. Bake until golden brown and bubbly, 40 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup finely crushed gingersnap cookies, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 4 pounds pears, peeled, cored and sliced 14 inch thick 8 to 10 medium, 1 12 cups chopped dried cranberries, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 teaspoons orange zest plus 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Butter, softened, for buttering the baking dish], title: Snappy Pear and Cranberry Crumble, picturelink: XLocMrHJ7lYM1JQ5JdsvYULoVnJaswO}, 18537: {instructions: Mix the beef and picante sauce thoroughly in a medium bowl. Shape the beef mixture firmly into 4 12inch thick burgers.nLightly oil the grill rack and heat the grill to medium. Grill the burgers for 10 minutes or until desired doneness, turning them over once halfway through grilling and brushing often with additional picante sauce.nServe the burgers on the buns with additional picante sauce.nServing Suggestion: Serve with coleslaw or fresh vegetables and ranch dressing for dipping and cornonthecob. For dessert serve sliced watermelon or fresh fruit salad., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 12 cup Paceu00ae Picante Sauce or Paceu00ae Chunky Salsa, 4 Pepperidge Farmu00ae Classic Hamburger Buns, split], title: Wild West Picante Burgers, picturelink: EIR3lPaSwXQAZSMjM47.deLFoaptBoS}, 18538: {instructions: Position an oven rack 5 to 6 inches from the broiler unit, and preheat the broiler. Line a broiler pan or baking sheet with foil, and set the broiler insert on top of the broiler pan if using. Place the pan on the oven rack, and preheat until hot, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix together 14 cup of the oil, parsley, vinegar, garlic, pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. Cover the herb oil, and set aside until ready to serve.nStir together the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Rub the mixture on both sides of the steak.nCarefully remove the broiler pan from the oven, put the steak in the center and broil without turning until nicely browned and firm, with some give when pressed in the thickest part, 6 to 8 minutes for mediumrare. Let the steak rest for 10 minutes. Slice thinly against the grain, and serve with the herb oil., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, minced, Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 1 12 to 2pound flank steak], title: Simple Broiled Flank Steak with Herb Oil, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 18539: {instructions: Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Brush a 10inch springform pan with soft butter. Coat the entire pan with 14 cup superfine sugar, lightly tap out excess sugar, and set pan aside.nCombine 1 cup butter and remaining 2 cups superfine sugar in bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula, until mixture is light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Carefully fold in the applesauce. Do not overmix.nSift together 2 34 cups flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, cloves, salt, and baking powder. Fold the dry ingredients and pecans into the applesauce mixture. Add the vanilla, Calvados, and apple slices mix until just combined.nTransfer the batter to the prepared springform pan. Combine the remaining 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, brown sugar, and ginger in a small mixing bowl. Mix with fingers until just combined and crumbly, and sprinkle lightly over the batter.nPlace cake in oven, and bake until a cake tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 1 hour and 50 minutes. Let stand until completely cool., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks plus 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan, 2 14 cups superfine sugar, 2 12 cups applesauce, preferably homemade, 2 34 cups plus 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pinch ground cloves, Pinch of salt, 1 34 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup chopped pecans, toasted about 4 ounces, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons Calvados, a French apple brandy, or regular brandy, 1 large apple, peeled and very thinly sliced 1 cup, 14 cup lightbrown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground ginger], title: Applesauce Snack Cake, picturelink: null}, 18540: {instructions: 1. Place the chicken livers in bowl with the buttermilk. Sprinkle with some salt and pepper and set in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.n2. Saute the red onions in 3 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat for 20 minutes. Add the sugar and balsamic and cook until the balsamic is reduced by half and is a pastelike consistency, about 4 minutes. Whisk in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter.n3. Heat the mini pitas over a grill or a burner for 10 seconds per side. Cut into wedges and set aside.n4. Heat canola oil in a deepfat fryer to 350 degrees F. Combine the flour, cornmeal, cayenne, baking soda, and some salt and pepper in a shallow bowl or pie plate. In batches, remove the chicken livers from the buttermilk and dredge in the flour mixture, shaking off the excess flour. Gently add the livers to the fryer and cook 1 12 minutes. Drain on a paper towellined baking sheet and sprinkle with salt.n5. Place 1 tablespoon onion marmalade on a wedge of pita, then top with watercress leaves and a chicken liver., ingredients: [34 pound cleaned chicken livers, 2 cups buttermilk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 red onions, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 5 mini pita breads, Canola oil, for frying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Watercress, for serving], title: Fried Chicken Liver Pitas with Red Onion Marmalade and Watercress, picturelink: cQoa9vqgsuE0nxGyK2s7NN9fHH966a}, 18541: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Line a small baking sheet with foil.nPlace the English muffin halves cutside up on the baking sheet. Top each with tomato and drizzle with the olive oil. Sprinkle the Canadian bacon over the tomatoes, then top with the mozzarella. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the cheese is melted and beginning to brown. Sprinkle with basil.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [1 wholewheat English muffin, split, 1 small tomato, seeded and diced, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 thin slice 12 ounce Canadian bacon, diced, 14 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, Chopped fresh basil, for garnish], title: EnglishMuffin Breakfast Pizza, picturelink: YNzHVekoIz23qkGKoeloj3b5C8fCi}, 18542: {instructions: Special equipment: An electric mixer or food processor, Plastic wrap, Rolling pin, 7inch tart pan with a removable bottom or 8inch pie pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the sweet dough: Place the sugar, butter, and vanilla extract in the bowl of an electric mixer. With the paddle attachment, beat the ingredients until creamy. Add flour and salt and mix until just combined. Add egg and again mix until just combined. Alternately, this can be done in a food processor. Form a disk out of the dough, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for about 12 hour. When dough is slightly chilled, lay it between 2 sheets of plastic wrap, and with a rolling pin, roll it out into a round  about 18inch in thickness. Remove the top layer of plastic wrap and flip the dough into an ungreased tart or pie pan. With the plastic wrap still on the dough, gently press the dough into the bottom and sides of the pan. Use the rolling pin to roll across the top of the tart pan, cutting off excess dough. Remove plastic wrap and set lined pan aside while making the filling. Excess unbaked dough can be rolled out, sprinkled with sugar, and baked as sugar cookies or can be wrapped and frozen for another day.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the Cranberry Walnut Filling: Melt butter and set aside. In a bowl, blend together flour, brown sugar, and cinnamon. Add the rest of the ingredients, including the butter, and stir until well combined.nPour into tart shell and bake for approximately 30 minutes, until tart is light brown and the filling has set. Cool and remove tart from ring. Serve at room temperature or refrigerate. Tart keeps for about 1 week in the refrigerator. It can be well wrapped and frozen for later use., ingredients: [1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 6 ounces 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 2 12 ounces 5 tablespoons or a little over 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 13 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 13 cup dark corn syrup, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 23 cup whole, fresh cranberries, 23 cup walnut pieces], title: Cranberry Walnut Tart, picturelink: null}, 18543: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat nonstick griddle. Mix together the dry ingredients in a medium bowl. Beat the eggs and 1 12 cups of the milk in a medium bowl until combined, then stir in the melted butter. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined then gently fold in the blueberries. If the batter seems too thick, add some of the remaining milk. Ladle approximately 14 cup of the batter onto the griddle for each pancake. Cook until the bottom is light golden brown, flip over and continue cooking for about 30 seconds. Remove to an ovenproof plate and keep warm in a 200 degree oven until ready to serve. Serve 3 per person with a dollop of orangehoney butter, maplecinnamon syrup and bananas and berries. Dust with confectioners sugar.nOrangeHoney Butter: Place orange juice in a small saucepan over high heat and reduce to 3 tablespoons. Place butter in a bowl, add the orange syrup, honey and salt and mix until combined. Scoop into a large ramekin, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours.nCinnamon Maple Syrup: Heat syrup and cinnamon sticks over low heat for 10 minutes. Remove and let steep for 1 hour. Remove sticks and pour into a small pitcher., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup blue cornmeal, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 12 to 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, 1 cup fresh blueberries, Bananas, peeled and sliced, Mixed berries, 3 cups fresh squeezed orange juice, 2 sticks butter, slightly softened, 2 tablespoons honey, Pinch salt, 2 cups pure maple syrup, 2 cinnamon sticks], title: Blue CornBlueberry Pancakes with OrangeHoney Butter and Cinnamon Maple Syrup, picturelink: DDziTDkYimO2AiTKZYXahr1fhzHyIy6}, 18544: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil, then boil the pasta until it reaches al dente. Drain and divide in half. Or twothirds and onethird. Whatever you think works for your famnIn the meantime, saute the zucchini, squash and bell pepper in 1 tablespoon of the oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until you see a little color all over, about 6 minutes. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper. Lay the veggies on a plate to cool.nIn one bowl, combine one portion of the pasta with the carrots, half the cherry tomatoes and the tablespoon of ranch dressing. Its ready for your kidsnWhisk the white wine vinegar with the garlic powder, chives and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a small bowl until it becomes an emulsified vinaigrette.nIn another bowl, combine the remaining pasta with the cooled vegetables, remaining cherry tomatoes, mozzarella pearls and the chive dressing. Toss to coat and combine everything. Garnish with extra chives or parsley. Eat eat eat, ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 1 zucchini, sliced and then cut into fourths, 1 yellow squash, sliced and then cut into fourths, 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and diced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 carrot, thinly sliced and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 cup halved cherry tomatoes, 1 tablespoon ranch dressing, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 10 chives, finely minced, plus more for garnish, optional, 12 cup mozzarella pearls, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, optional], title: One Recipe, Two Meals: Summery Pasta Salad, picturelink: 9rJzbjk96m4YLYeBczGQzhBOyjsj5S}, 18545: {instructions: Put the garlic and a pinch of salt in a large mixing bowl. Add the vinegar and slowly whisk in the oil. Add the carrots and beets, onion, cucumber, feta, dill, and mint. Gently toss. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a large platter and serve immediately.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, minced, Salt, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound baby carrots and golden beets as many varieties as you can find, sliced paper thin, 1 red onion, shaved thin and soaked in ice water for 10 minutes, 1 small 4 ounce cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 cup crumbled barrelaged feta, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 14 cup fresh mint, torn, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Root Vegetable and Feta Salad, picturelink: null}, 18546: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes, celery, shallots, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and cook, stirring frequently, until the potatoes begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the red peppers, sundried tomatoes, chicken broth and 1 cup water. Cover and bring to a simmer, then uncover and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes.nTransfer the soup and sour cream to a blender and, keeping the lid slightly ajar, puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper and stir in half of the cilantro. Divide among bowls and sprinkle with the cheese and the remaining cilantro. Serve with the rolls.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large potatoes, peeled and cut into small pieces, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 shallots or 12 red onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained and rinsed, 4 to 5 sundried tomatoes, 4 cups lowsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 23 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 13 cup shredded pepper jack cheese, 4 sourdough dinner rolls], title: Roasted RedPepper Soup, picturelink: IB9SySbTEmeDrlpLUqz1uRH9FdmfWi}, 18547: {instructions: Put a pizza stone on the bottom rack in the oven and preheat to 500 degrees F for at least 30 minutes. Heat a small skillet over medium heat, add the pancetta or bacon, cook until the fat renders but is short of being crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a paper towellined plate to drain. Divide the dough into 2 equal portions form each into a ball. Roll a portion into a 12inch disk on a floured surface cover the other piece with a kitchen towel. Lightly dust a pizza peel with flour and put the dough on the peel, drizzle lightly with oil and sprinkle with salt. Slip the dough onto the preheated stone and cook until just set, about 4 minutes. Using the peel, remove the dough from the oven and top with about half the sauce and toppings  pancetta, mozzarella, onion and garlic. Drizzle with a little olive oil. Return the pizza to the stone and cook until the crust is golden and the cheese melts, about 5 to 7 minutes more. Remove the pizza, top with half the grated Parmesan and scatter with some basil leaves and pepper flakes, if desired. Serve. Repeat with the remaining dough and toppings.nWhisk water and sugar in a bowl and scatter the yeast over the top. Set aside until foamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in olive oil. Whisk the flour and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and pour in the yeast mixture. Gradually stir the dry ingredients into the liquid to make a rough, shaggy dough. Turn out onto a lightlyfloured work surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. If the dough seems wet, add just enough flour to prevent sticking. Brush a large bowl with olive oil. Form the dough into a ball, rotate it around the bowl to coat and place it seamside down in the bowl. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap. Set aside at room temperature, until doubled, about 1 12 hours. Or cover and refrigerate overnight. If refrigerating bring to room temperature about 30 minutes before forming. Yield: Makes 1 12 pounds of dough, enough for 2 12 inch piesnHeat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook until golden but not dark brown, about 20 seconds. Using your hands, crush the tomatoes and add them to the pot along with 12 cup water, basil, and season with salt. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to mediumlow and simmer until the sauce thickens, about 15 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [5 ounces slab bacon or pancetta, finely diced about 1 cup, 1 12 pounds prepared pizza dough or homemade, recipe follows, Allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, Olive oil, for drizzling, 1 14 cups prepared pizza tomato sauce or homemade, recipe follows, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella about 5 ounces, 12 leek white and light green parts only or white onion, very thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan or Pecorino Romano cheese about 1 ounce, 12 fresh basil leaves, Crushed red pepper flakes, optional, 1 cup warm water about 105 degrees F, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 .25ounce packet active dry yeast, about 2 14 teaspoons, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for brushing, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more as necessary, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 28ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, 4 to 6 fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt], title: Pancetta and Onion Pizza, picturelink: wWANGaGgqXIOOMnu1UwOg2RMGDzBBey}, 18548: {instructions: Rinse chicken with cold water pat dry. Combine 2 cups baking mix, paprika, and next 6 ingredients in a large ziptop freezer bag. Add chicken thighs, 1 at a time seal bag, and shake to coat.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a 6quart Dutch oven over medium heat. Add half of chicken, and cook 5 minutes on each side or until golden brown remove chicken. Repeat procedure with remaining oil and chicken.nAdd 12 cup chicken broth to drippings in pan, stirring to loosen browned bits from bottom.nReturn chicken to pan stir in remaining broth and 2 seasoning packets. Bring to a boil cover, reduce heat, and simmer 25 minutes.nCombine milk and remaining 2 cups baking mix in a medium bowl, stirring just until moistened. Drop dough by tablespoonfuls onto simmering chicken mixture cook, uncovered, 10 minutes. Cover, and cook 10 more minutes. Serve immediately.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. They have been tested in the Southern Living Test Kitchens. All brand names have been removed from these recipes, which originally appeared on southernlivingcookoff.com., ingredients: [8 skinned and boned chicken thighs, 4 cups allpurpose baking mix, divided, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground red pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Dash salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 3 14.5ounce cans chicken broth, divided, 14 1.41ounce box coriander and annatto seasoning 2 packets, 23 cup milk], title: QuickandSpicy Chicken n Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 18549: {instructions: Special equipment: piping bags with medium and small tipsnMake the dough for sugar cookies: Dust a sheet of parchment paper with flour. Place the dough on top. Dust with more flour and top with another sheet of parchment. Roll it out to 18inch thickness and chill until firm, about 20 minutes.nCut the pieces: Measure and cut six panels for each box: a 4 x 4 top and bottom, two 4 by 2 sides and two 3 34 by 2 sides. Use a sharp knife or pizza cutter to cut them out.nBake and cool all pieces according to recipe instructions, reducing cooking time as needed. To create the perfect right angles after cooling, use a fine kitchen rasp to file the edges, making them nice and straight.nThicken some Royal Icing: Thicken about 2 cups of the Royal Icing with either cornstarch and a couple of drops of vinegar, or extra confectioners sugar, to get the consistency of caulk. Fit a pastry bag with a medium round tip and fill it with the thickened icing.nMake the boxes: Using Royal Icing, attach the four walls to the bottom and to each other. The longer walls will face each other. Leave the tops for the end. Let the boxes dry 24 hours before adding finishing touches. Store remaining Royal Icing with plastic wrap touching the surface.nWhen dry, use a paring knife to trim off excess overflowing icing so the outside of the box has a clean finish.nDecorate: Fit small round tips into piping bags. Divide the remaining Royal Icing into batches and color as desired. Fill bags with icing and pipe neat lines along the seams of the box first. Then go back and pipe little dots along the piped lines to create more interest. At this point, you can decorate the box and lid however you want. Do some pencil sketches on paper first to get an idea of what you might like. Then go for it.nLet the icing dry thoroughly for at least 24 hours. Fill with treats of your choosing, tie with a ribbon and present.nSift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. Place butter and sugar in large bowl of electric stand mixer and beat until light in color. Add egg and milk and beat to combine. Put mixer on low speed, gradually add flour, and beat until mixture pulls away from the side of the bowl. Divide the dough in half, wrap in waxed paper, and refrigerate for 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle surface where you will roll out dough with powdered sugar. Remove 1 wrapped pack of dough from refrigerator at a time, sprinkle rolling pin with powdered sugar, and roll out dough to 14inch thick. Move the dough around and check underneath frequently to make sure it is not sticking. If dough has warmed during rolling, place cold cookie sheet on top for 10 minutes to chill. Cut into desired shape, place at least 1inch apart on greased baking sheet, parchment, or silicone baking mat, and bake for 7 to 9 minutes or until cookies are just beginning to turn brown around the edges, rotating cookie sheet halfway through baking time. Let sit on baking sheet for 2 minutes after removal from oven and then move to complete cooling on wire rack. Serve as is or ice as desired. Store in airtight container for up to 1 week.nRecipe courtesy of Alton BrownnCombine the confectioners sugar, meringue powder and 34cup water in a large bowl. Mix slowly with an electric mixer until stiff enough to form peaks the icing should be pure white and thick, but not fluffy and bubbly. If the frosting is over beaten, it will get aerated which makes it harder to work with. If this happens, let the frosting sit to settle, and then use a rubber spatula to vigorously beat and smooth out the frosting.nAdd up to 1 tablespoon food coloring and mix with a rubber spatula until the color is uniform. Gels are best with royal icing. You dont want to thin them with liquid colors. Be careful of adding too much color, which reduces the sheen of the frosting and can break down the consistency of the frosting over a couple of days. Store the icing at room temperature, covered, with plastic wrap on the surface.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [One recipe Sugar Cookie Dough, recipe follows, Allpurpose flour, for rolling out the dough, One recipe Royal Icing, recipe follows, Cornstarch or vinegar, to thicken Royal Icing, Cookies or candy, for filling boxes, Ribbon, optional, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon milk, Powdered sugar, for rolling out dough, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons meringue powder egg white powder, Food coloring, as desired], title: Edible Gift Boxes, picturelink: gW7hyppUnfHOFnEskUtLDSm0UFOC0jS}, 18550: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Using 2 baking sheets, place 2 tortillas side by side on each sheet. With a pastry brush, lightly brush each tortilla with some of the olive oil. Flip the tortillas and brush again. Bake 8 to 10 minutes, flipping over the tortillas and alternating the placement of the baking sheets halfway through the cooking time. Also, during the first few minutes, use a knife point to pop any air bubbles that might develop. The tortillas should be golden and crisp when done. The tortillas may be prepared to this point up to 3 days in advance. Cool completely, seal in a plastic bag, and refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a large bowl, combine the tomatoes, olives, zucchini, onion slivers, oregano, pepper, and olive oil and toss well. Gently fold in the feta cheese. Scatter all over the 4 tortillas. Bake 12 minutes, or until the feta is sizzling and the zucchini softened. Alternate the placement of the baking sheets halfway during the cooking time. Cut and serve immediately, ingredients: [4 8inch flour wheat tortillas, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 4 plum tomatoes, finely diced, 12 black olives such as Kalamata or oilcured olives pitted and halved, 1 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise and sliced paper thin, 12 cup thin slivers red onion, 4 teaspoons finely chopped oregano, or 2 teaspoons dried oregano, Generous seasoning freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons fruity olive oil, 8 ounces 1 12 cups finely crumbled feta cheese], title: Tortilla Pizzas with Feta Cheese, Tomatoes, and Olives, picturelink: null}, 18551: {instructions: Looks like: SushinMake a batch of Rice Krispies Treats shape into small oval mounds while still warm. Top with a dab of pistachio paste, then cover with whole or minced red and orange gummy candy such as Chuckles or Sunkist Fruit Slices. Wrap with a strip of green fruit leather, if desired. To make a sushi roll, flatten a warm Rice Krispies Treat mound into a thin rectangle on a piece of fruit leather and arrange gumdrops down the center. Roll into a cylinder and slice into pieces. Serve the sushi with wasabi, ginger, and chocolate syrup as soy sauce. Cut a sourcandy belt to look like a grass garnish.nLooks like: Pickled GingernSoak 2 tablespoons shredded coconut in 12 cup water with 1 drop each of yellow and red food coloring.nLooks like: WasabinPulse 2 tablespoons finely chopped pistachios, 14 cup cream cheese and 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar in a food processor.nPhotographs by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: April Fools Sushi: Rice Krispies Nuggets, picturelink: F3eJtvmz7G5O34B0vzQhKAcZomSuD2}, 18552: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace a pot of water on the stove and bring to a boil for the pasta. Salt water, add pasta and cook to justshy of al dente. It needs to have a real bite left to it because it will sit in the sauce for 2 minutes later on and continue to cook. Heads up: you will need 2 ladles of starchy cooking water just before draining, about 1 12 cups.nPlace the grape tomatoes on a cookie sheet with the garlic. Coat the tomatoes and cracked garlic with 3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil and season with lots of salt and pepper. Roast 20 minutes.nSeason the steaks with salt and pepper. Rub with a clove of cut garlic. Coat the steaks lightly in extravirgin olive oil.nChop the scallions, whites and greens. Thinly slice the sage and finely chop the parsley. Combine the scallions and herbs with the Gorgonzola crumbles.nWhen you are a few minutes away from taking the tomatoes out of the oven, heat a skillet over high heat. Add the steaks and caramelize the meat on both sides, a minute and a half per side should do it.nTake the tomatoes and garlic out of the oven. Turn the oven off. Top the meat with the gorgonzola and transfer the skillet to the oven. Let the meat sit in the hot oven 4 to 5 minutes. The Gorgonzola will melt down over the meat and the steaks will be tender and pale pink inside.nRemove the roasted garlic from the skins and mash into a paste with the side of your knife. Transfer the garlic paste to the bottom of a pasta bowl. Using a fork, mix the garlic into 2 ladles of starchy pasta cooking water, about 1 12 cups. Add the tomatoes to the bowl and mash them with a potato masher until a sauce forms and tomatoes are well combined with garlic broth. Add penne, grated cheese, arugula and basil and toss a minute or 2 to allow the pasta to soak up flavors.nServe meat with pasta alongside., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound penne rigate, 2 pints grape tomatoes, 8 to 10 cloves garlic, cracked but left in skins, plus 1 clove peeled and halved, 3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil plus some, for drizzling, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 tenderloin steaks about 1 14inch thick, 2 scallions, whites and greens, 8 to 10 fresh sage leaves, A handful flatleaf parsley, 1 cup Gorgonzola crumbles, 1 cup grated ParmigianinoReggiano, a few generous handfuls, 1 cup basil leaves, about 20, torn or shredded, 2 cups coarsely chopped arugula], title: Tenderloin Steaks with Gorgonzola and Herbs and Roasted Garlic and Grape Tomato Pasta with Basil and Arugula, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 18553: {instructions: Grind the celery seeds and oregano into a powder with a spice grinder or mortar and pestle. Place in a plastic pint container. Add the chili powder, paprika, brown sugar, dry mustard, cumin, cayenne, garlic powder, onion powder, 7 tablespoons salt and 4 tablespoons pepper. Cover the container and shake vigorously until the mixture is blended, 30 seconds., ingredients: [2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons celery seeds, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 4 tablespoons chili powder, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon paprika, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wills Rub, picturelink: cisKcPeGnWgzS35x91o9yokopiBPVC}, 18554: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter the bottom and sides of a 9inch cake pan with 3 tablespoons butter, sprinkle 12 cup of the sugar evenly over the bottom, and arrange the cranberries in the pan.nIn a bowl with the mixer cream together the remaining 6 tablespoons butter and 12 cup sugar. Add the egg, vanilla, and orange rind and beat the mixture until well combined.nInto another bowl sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir the dry ingredients into the butter mixture, 12 cup at a time, alternately with the milk until it is combined. Pour the batter over the cranberries and smooth the top. Bake the cake on a baking sheet in the middle of the oven for 30 to 45 minutes, or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean.nTransfer the cake to a rack and let it cool in the pan for 20 minutes. Run a thin knife around the inside of the pan and invert the cake stand.nIn a small saucepan melt the currant jelly over low heat, stirring, and brush it over the cake. Serve the cake warm or at room temperature with the whipped cream, if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, plus 6 tablespoons 34 stick, 12 cup sugar, plus 12 cup, 1 pound cranberries, rinsed, picked over, and patted dry, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon minced orange rind, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons double acting baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk, 13 cup red currant jelly, Sweetened whipped cream, as accompaniment, if desired], title: Cranberry UpSide Down Cake, picturelink: NhIThBlOsEp.KpGw0p7N4ZdxTG1RnFy}, 18555: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 by 17inch jelly roll pan, parchment papernPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar, until light and fluffy. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, make a paste out of the red food coloring, cocoa and salt. Remove bowl from stand mixer and mix in paste by hand to the creamed butter. In a measuring cup, stir eggs with buttermilk and add to batter. Mix in vinegar and vanilla, and then add flour and baking soda. Mix until combined but do not over mix.nButter a sheet pan. Lay parchment on top. Butter the parchment. Pour batter into pan and smooth the top to even the batter out, using an offset spatula. Bake cake until a toothpick comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Remove from oven and cool in pan.nMeanwhile, make the frosting: Heat all ingredients in a medium saucepan. Whisk until sauce thickens, about 15 minutes. Let cool slightly before using.nInvert cake onto a cutting board and slice into quarters from the longer side. To assemble cake, spread 1 of the quarters with some of the frosting to cover. Sprinkle with a quarter of the pecans. Add another layer of cake and repeat. Continue until last layer is added. Frost the top of that and sprinkle with remaining pecans., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 ounces red food coloring, 3 tablespoons cocoa powder, Pinch salt, 2 eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vinegar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, Butter, for pan, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 1 cup sugar, 2 sticks butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups chopped pecans], title: Grandmas Red Velvet Cake, picturelink: 00AqwcoJSpB.KJ7YkvIziTfsUDFruXa}, 18556: {instructions: Roast the bell pepper over a gas flame, turning with tongs, or broil until the skin is blackened. Transfer to a bowl, cover and let cool. Peel, seed and chop the pepper. Heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven or other heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and pancetta and cook until well browned. Add the ground pork, thyme, fennel seeds, garlic, chile peppers, onions, oregano and roasted red peppers and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook for 1 minute. Deglaze with the wine, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon. Add 2 to 3 cups chicken stock and simmer for a few minutes to allow the flavors to combine. Bring 2 cups chicken stock and the milk to a low boil in a saucepan. Whisk in the polenta and cook, whisking, until thick but pourable, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the butter and then the cheese, stirring until melted. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle the polenta into shallow bowls and hollow out the center. Fill with the chili and top with more cheese. Garnish with parsley. Cooks Note: The chili can be covered and refrigerated for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat, and prepare the polenta before serving., ingredients: [1 large red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 8 ounces bulk hot Italian sausage or 5 ounces coarsely grated Calabrese salami, 4 ounces pancetta, finely diced, 1 pound ground pork, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 mild or 2 hot fresh red chile peppers, seeded and very finely chopped, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 sprig fresh oregano, finely chopped, 14 cup tomato paste, 12 cup dry red wine, 4 to 5 cups chicken stock, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup grated pecorino, plus more for serving, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Italian Pork Chili with Polenta, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 18557: {instructions: For the polenta: Bring the chicken stock to a boil in a large pot. Add the polenta and whisk until fully incorporated, 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle with the salt and cook, covered, over medium heat for 5 to 6 minutes. Finish by folding in the melted butter. Keep warm while you prepare the chorizo.nFor the chorizo: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and set over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until almost translucent, and then add the ground pork. Brown 4 to 5 minutes while breaking the pork pieces up with the back of a wooden spoon. Add the paprika, granulated garlic, onion powder, chili powder and cumin, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook 1 minute longer to toast the spices, and then add the vinegar, garlic and tomatoes. Simmer until the sauce is thickened and reduced, 8 to 10 minutes. Taste and season once more with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nFor assembly: Wash, drain and finely slice the chard. Heat the garlic and some olive oil in a large pan and saute, 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Drain in a colander and squeeze out any excess moisture.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease an 8by8by2inch gratin dish or an oval 9inch castiron pan. Pour half of the polenta in and spread out evenly. Top with half of the chorizo and all of the Swiss chard. Sprinkle with half of each cheese. Repeat with a layer of the remaining polenta, then the remaining chorizo, and finally the remaining cheese. Cover with foil, place the dish on a sheet tray and bake 30 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until the cheese is golden and bubbly, 15 minutes longer. Let sit 25 minutes to set up, then cut into portions and serve., ingredients: [4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 14 cups quickcooking polenta, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, Olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, 1 pound ground pork, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 4 cloves garlic, minced, One 14.5ounce can fireroasted diced tomatoes, such as Glen Muir, 1 bunch Swiss chard, 1 clove garlic, minced, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup grated fontina cheese, 12 cup grated mozzarella], title: Chorizo and Polenta Lasagna, picturelink: t0J8imp815wFlZBr51Y848HeTNSLPW}, 18558: {instructions: Heat the honey, water and lemon zest in sauce pot or in microwave for 45 seconds1 minute on high. Douse the cakes in equal amounts of sauce. Fill the shells with ice cream and top with sliced berries., ingredients: [13 cup honey, eyeball it, Splash of water, 1 lemon, zested, 4 individual sponge cake shells, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 8 strawberries, hulled and sliced], title: Italian Sponge Cakes in 5, picturelink: null}, 18559: {instructions: Make pastry: Blend together flour, butter, shortening, Parmesan, pepper, and salt in a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender or pulse in a food processor until mixture resembles coarse meal with some roughly peasize lumps. Drizzle 2 tablespoons ice water over and gently stir with a fork or pulse in food processor until incorporated.nGently squeeze a small handful: If it doesnt hold together without falling apart, add more water, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring or pulsing after each addition until incorporated, continuing to test. Do not overwork dough, or it will become tough.nTurn out dough onto a work surface and divide into 2 portions. With heel of your hand, smear each portion once in a forward motion to help distribute fat. Gather both portions of dough into 1 ball, then pat into a disk. Chill, wrapped in plastic wrap, until firm, about 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out dough on a lightly floured surface into a 12inch round and fit into a 9inch round tart pan with a removable rim. Fold excess dough in to make sides. Lightly prick tart shell all over with a fork.nLine the shell with foil and fill with pie weights, or rice. Bake in middle of oven 20 minutes. Carefully remove foil and weights and bake until golden, about 15 minutes more. Cool in pan on a rack.nFill tart shell: Remove side of pan and slide shell onto a platter. Arrange 13 of mozzarella in bottom of shell and drizzle with 13 of pesto. Arrange 13 of tomato slices, overlapping, on top of cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Repeat layering twice.nCooks note: Tart shell can be made 1 day ahead and kept, covered, at room temperature., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 stick 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 to 4 tablespoons ice water, 34 pound fresh mozzarella not unsalted, very thinly sliced, 12 cup tapenade or pesto, optional, store bought, 2 pounds mixed heirloom tomatoes, sliced 34inch thick, Special equipment: pie weights or raw rice], title: Heirloom Tomato Tart, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 18560: {instructions: Mix berries and sugar together in a bowl, mashing slightly to create a juice. Pour over sliced angel food cake., ingredients: [1 package strawberries, 1 package raspberries, 1 package blackberries, 1 package blueberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 storebought angel food cake], title: Angel Food Cake with Mixed Berries, picturelink: j5dIHTCsjZIJB91dKhmp0HKvQ9ewu}, 18561: {instructions: Add the dates, figs, 1 cup of the port, 1 cup of the rum, the almonds, brandied cherries with their liquid, currants, candied orange peel, prunes and dark and golden raisins to a food processor. Process this mixture until the dried fruit is broken down into smaller chunks. Stir in the orange juice. Allow it to soak in the rum for at least 2 hours 30 minutes, but preferably for 2 to 3 days.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 2 cake pans and line them with brown or wax paper.nIn a stand mixer, combine the butter, flour, brown sugar, baking powder, allspice, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, salt, molasses, browning and eggs. Slowly add the rumsoaked fruit to the mixer a little at a time and mix to combine all of the ingredients.nDivide the cake batter between the prepared cake pans. Bake the cakes in a water bath by filling a large roasting pan halfway up with water and then setting the cake pans inside. Bake for 1 hour 30 minutes.nSprinkle the remaining port and rum on top of the cakes and let them cool. These cakes will last for days stored in parchment paper and plastic wrap and for weeks when frozen., ingredients: [1 cup pitted dates, 1 cup dried figs, 1 14 cups port wine, 1 14 cups white rum, such as Appleton, 12 cup sliced almonds, 12 cup brandied cherries with their liquid or substitute maraschino cherries, 12 cup currants, 12 cup candied orange peel, 12 cup dried prunes, 12 cup dark raisins, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 orange, juiced, 1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for greasing cake pans, 2 cups flour, sifted, 2 cups brown sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pinch of salt, 1 teaspoon molasses, 1 teaspoon browning, 5 eggs], title: Jamaican Black Cake, picturelink: yvZRCt4W4F3l0r7b.gxwEfYFlM30kwC}, 18562: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch pan.nFor the dough: Scald the milk. In a stand mixer with the dough attachment, combine the salt, butter and 12 cup granulated sugar. Add the scalded milk. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix until combined.nIn a separate bowl, add the yeast to the hot water with 1 teaspoon granulated sugar. Let the yeast mixture sit for 3 minutes to make sure the yeast activates. It should foam and start to bubble.nAdd the yeast mixture to the mixer. Add 4 cups flour and Clear Jel Instant, if using, to the mixer. Mix on low speed for 3 minutes. If the dough is too sticky, add flour in 14cup increments, using no more than 5 cups of flour total.nLet the dough rise in the mixer bowl until it doubles in size, 1 to 1 12 hours. Punch down the dough. Roll out on a floured surface to a 12by8inch rectangle.nFor the filling: Spread the melted butter on the rolledout dough.nIn a bowl, combine the brown sugar, cinnamon and salt. Spread the filling mixture on top of the buttered dough. Lightly dust with 1 teaspoon flour.nRoll the dough into a log. Cut the log into 8 pieces. Place in the prepared pan. Let the dough rise again until it doubles, 1 to 1 12 hours. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 30 minutes.nFor the glaze: Mix the confectioners sugar, maple extract and milk in a bowl.nAllow the cinnamon rolls to cool a bit, then drizzle with the glaze., ingredients: [1 stick salted butter, cubed, plus more for greasing the pan, 1 cup milk, 12 cup plus 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large eggs, slightly beaten, 2 teaspoons vanilla, One 14ounce packet yeast, 14 cup hot water, 110 degrees, 4 to 5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon Instant Clear Jel thickener, optional, 4 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 14 cup ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 1 pound confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons maple extract, 1 to 2 tablespoons milk], title: Mrs. Manwarrens Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 18563: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLamb:nIn saucepan add 2 ounces of coconut oil, 2 black cardamom seeds, 14 tablespoon cardamom, 14 tablespoon cumin, 14 tablespoon coriander, 2 cloves of garlic, and 12 stick of cinnamon, 1 bay leaf and 12 tablespoon turmeric. Cook over medium heat to toast for about 2 to 3 minutes, then add the lamb, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and salt, to taste. Let it simmer for 20 to 25 minutes stirring occasionally. When meat is cooked add the saffron and turn off the heat.nKorma:nIn medium saucepan add the remaining 2 ounces of coconut oil, and the remaining black cardamom seeds, cardamom, cumin, coriander, cinnamon, bay leaf and turmeric. Add the celery seeds and ajowan and toast for 2 to 3 minutes over medium heat. Stir in the remaining 2 cloves of garlic and the tomato puree, and mix well. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon of lemon juice and cook for 10 to 15 minutes over low heat. Stir in the milk, yogurt, sour cream and salt, to taste. Cover the pan and simmer for 45 minutes to 1 hour, stirring every 5 minutes, until the color turns bright orange. Add the figs and the cherries and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the lamb, cook for 2 minutes, then turn off the heat.nAdd a few cilantro leaves to the bottom of each serving bowl and ladle in the lamb korma. Garnish with more cilantro and enjoy it with basmati rice., ingredients: [4 ounces coconut oil or peanut oil, 4 to 5 Syrian black cardamom seeds, 12 tablespoon ground cardamom, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 tablespoon coriander, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 stick cinnamon, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon turmeric, 14 tablespoon celery seeds, 14 tablespoon ajowan, 2 pounds boneless leg of lamb, cubed, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Kosher salt, 12 tablespoon saffron, 16 ounces tomato puree, 1 cup milk, 1 cup yogurt, 2 ounces sour cream, 4 dried figs, quartered, 1ounce dried sweet cherries, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Cooked basmati rice, for serving], title: Lamb Rakka, picturelink: HxfAh4IjndQqWx6sisjAk41vdIO8x..}, 18564: {instructions: Trim the meat of any fat or gristle, and cut into 2inch cubes. Toss beef with 1 tablespoon of the oil. In a small bowl, season the flour with salt, pepper and cayenne. Toss meat with seasoned flour. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over high heat. Brown the meat on all sides. Reduce the heat, add the onions, crushed garlic and tomato puree to the skillet, cover, and cook gently for 5 minutes. Transfer the contents of the skillet to a casserole and pour half of the Guinness into the skillet. Bring Guinness to a boil and stir to dissolve the caramelized meat juices on the pan. Pour over the meat, along with the remaining Guinness. Add the carrots and thyme. Stir and adjust seasonings. Cover the casserole and simmer over low heat, or in a 300 degree F oven until the meat is tender, 2 to 3 hours. Garnish the beef with parsley and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds stewing beef, 3 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of cayenne, 2 large onions, coarsely chopped, 1 garlic clove, crushed, 2 tablespoons tomato puree, dissolved in 4 tablespoons water, 1 14 cups Guinness, 2 cups largely diced carrots, Sprig of fresh thyme, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Beef and Guinness Stew, picturelink: null}, 18565: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 long metal skewers, fire pit, and cooking grid or gratenFor the steak: Take steak and cut into 12 to 34inch pieces. Place pieces in large non metallic rectangular pan.nCombine the vinegars and olive oil in medium mixing bowl. With a whisk, stir in Italian seasoning, lemon pepper, seasoned salt, brown sugar and garlic. Pour mixture into the pan covering the steak. Place in refrigerator and marinate for 2 hours.nFor the vegetables: Take zucchini, onions, and peppers and cut into bitesized chunks. Combine all vegetables and pineapple in a large mixing bowl. Add salt, pepper, and oil and toss to coat vegetables.nStart fire in pit, make sure fire is hot and let burn down to glowing coals. Place cooking grid or grate 6 inches above heat.nRemove steak from refrigerator. Take 1 metal skewer and alternate 1 piece of steak with 2 chunks of vegetables. Repeat until skewer is full. Keep assembling skewers until all 12 are full. Place all 12 skewers onto grate. Cook for 10 to 12 minutes or until desired doneness, rotating frequently. Remove from grill and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds round or sirloin steak may substitute antelope, deer, elk, moose, or lamb, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 13 cup balsamic vinegar, 13 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 1 tablespoon lemon pepper, 2 teaspoons seasoned salt, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 zucchini, 12 red onion, 12 yellow onion, 1 green pepper, seeds removed, 1 red pepper, seeds removed, 1 yellow pepper, seeds removed, 1 small container cherry tomatoes, 1 small container fresh mushrooms, 1 11ounce can pineapple chunks, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Royal Tine Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 18566: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 sheets 2ounce oval flexible molds a 2inch number 24 ice cream scoopnPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray 2 sheets 2ounce oval flexible molds with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a medium saucepot, heat 2 cups water until a candy thermometer inserted in the water reads 110 degrees F. Add the figs, apples, apricots, cranberries and raisins, then remove from the heat and soak the fruit.nSift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, Stolen Spice and salt in a medium bowl. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the brown sugar, vanilla and butter for 3 to 5 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl before each addition. Reduce the speed to low and add the flour. Once incorporated, scrape down the sides of the bowl and increase the speed to medium for 30 seconds. Pour the fruit mix, soaking water, pecans and orange peel in the mixing bowl and mix until combined. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and increase the speed to medium for 30 seconds. Using a 2inch ice cream scoop, scoop the batter into the molds and bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Cool completely before unmolding.nIn a small saucepot set over low heat, melt the apricot glaze. Brush the glaze on the fruitcakes and cool. Serve at room temperature.nIn a small bowl, mix the chili powder, paprika, cumin, brown sugar, garlic powder, cayenne, black pepper, white pepper and salt. Add in the oil and mix well., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 12 cups chopped white figs, 12 cup brandysoaked dried apples, 12 cup chopped dried apricots, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup Grand Marniersoaked golden raisins, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon Stolen Spice, recipe follows, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups packed brown sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 ounces unsalted butter, 4 eggs, 13 cup toasted chopped pecans, 14 cup chopped candied orange peel, 3 cups apricot glaze, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon salad oil], title: Figgie Fruitcake, picturelink: KYYfjogzha9ck6OhenS.GgGZZDgFDK}, 18567: {instructions: In a large saute pan over medium heat, cook the bacon until golden brown and crisped, about 4 minutes on each side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate.nForm the ground beef into 4 patties, about 3 12 inches in diameter. Sprinkle both sides of each patty liberally with salt and pepper.nHeat a grill, grill pan or castiron skillet over high heat, adding the canola oil if applicable. Cook the patties for approximately 3 minutes, then flip and top with the blue cheese crumbles cover to melt. Continue cooking for an additional 3 minutes for medium, or continue cooking to your desired doneness.nBuild the burgers by placing each cooked patty on the bun bottoms. Top with the bacon and smear the top buns with the Caramelized Onion Tomato Jam and place on top of the other ingredients. Serve immediately.nIn a highsided saute pan with a lid, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions, season with the salt, cover and cook until they are wilted and soft, about 10 minutes. Remove the lid and cook the onions until they are golden and caramelized, stirring often, another 20 minutes.nStir in the garlic and saute, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook an additional 10 minutes. Add the molasses, sugar, vinegar, allspice, chipotle powder and cinnamon. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook the jam, stirring constantly, until the tomatoes breakdown and the jam becomes thick, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [8 14inch thick slices applewood smoked bacon, 1 12 pounds ground chuck, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, Caramelized Onion Tomato Jam, recipe follows, 4 kaiser rolls, sliced and toasted, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 Vidalia onions, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 10 Roma tomatoes, cored, seeded and roughly chopped about 2 12 pounds, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon chipotle powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Smoked Bacon Blue Burger with Caramelized Onion Tomato Jam, picturelink: null}, 18568: {instructions: Soak the bread in the milk for a few minutes, and remove excess milk by squeezing the bread with your hands. Break up the bread into small pieces and add to a mixing bowl with the ground pork, ground beef, raisins, pine nuts, parsley, basil, Parmigiano cheese, and salt and pepper.nAdd the eggs, and mix until the ingredients are evenly distributed. With your hands, shape the meatballs into the size of golf balls.nIn a large pot, heat the extravirgin olive oil and cook the onion until translucent. Add the wine, and tomato puree, and bring it to a boil. Add the uncooked meatballs to the pot and let cook on medium heat until cooked through, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [3 ounces Italian bread, crust removed, 1 cup milk, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup pine nuts, Bunch fresh Italian parsley, finely chopped, 4 fresh basil leaves, finely chopped, 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 cup red wine, 4 cups tomato puree], title: Polpette Di Peppe, picturelink: null}, 18569: {instructions: Add porcini to blender and process to fine dust, remove and set aside. Add pumpkin seeds to blender and lightly pulse until seeds are like fine pebbles.nRemove and combine with porcini dust. Season the fillets with salt and pepper. Gently pat 1 tablespoon of porcini mixture on top of each fillet  top only. Heat vegetable oil in large skillet until it reaches the smoke point, add fillets crustside down. Sear well for one minute, add butter, continue to cook 3 minutes over mediumlow heat, turn fillet over and cook second side for 3 minutes. Remove from pan., ingredients: [6 5ounce fillets of salmon, 2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms, 1 cup pumpkin seeds, Salt and pepper, 1 cup pure vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Fillet of Salmon in a Porcini Pumpkin Seed Crust, picturelink: null}, 18570: {instructions: Whisk together the lime juice, vinegar, chili oil, mayonnaise and soy sauce in a large bowl. Add the cabbage, peppers, snow peas and scallions and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow flavors to meld., ingredients: [1 lime, juiced, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons Asian chili oil, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 3 cups finely shredded napa cabbage, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 orange bell pepper, thinly sliced, 12 cup thinly sliced snow peas, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Napa Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: tgqUWtOYRcHjZUeOzAQAxOdtqEZlbO}, 18571: {instructions: Cut each calamari tube in strips lengthwise that are about 14inch wide. If using the tentacles, cut in segments.nCoat a large saute pan generously with olive oil. Add the smashed garlic cloves and crushed red pepper and bring to a high heat. When the garlic is golden brown and very aromatic remove the garlic and discard. Carefully add the calamari and quickly toss or stir in the hot oil. Season with salt and saute for 1 to 2 minutes or until the calamari turn from translucent to opaque. Add the wine and the olives and cook until the wine has reduced by about half. Taste to see if the seasoning is correct.nWhile the calamari is cooking, toast or grill the bread. Rub the bread with the remaining garlic clove and drizzle generously with olive oil.nDivide the arugula between 4 serving bowls. Spoon the calamari and juices over the greens. Cut each piece of bread in half on the bias and arrange on the calamari. Garnish with chives and serve.nWhat a noodle, ingredients: [34 pound clean calamari, tubes and tentacles or only tubes, if you prefer, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, smashed, plus 1 for rubbing bread, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Salt, 1 cup dry white wine, 14 cup kalamata or gaeta olives, slivered, 4 slices rustic Italian bread, 2 cups washed baby arugula, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, for garnish], title: Calamari Noodles with Black Olives and Arugula, picturelink: null}, 18572: {instructions: Mix the milk and cream in a 9 by 13inch glass baking pan and put it in the freezer for 2 to 3 hours. Every 30 minutes, scrape the ice that forms with a fork to create a soft, icy mixture. The icy mixture can be made 1 day ahead, stored in the freezer covered with plastic wrap.nIn a blender, combine the icy milkandcream mixture with the espresso and simple syrup. Blend until smooth. Spoon into decorative serving glasses and top with the crumbled cookies.nIn a saucepan, combine water and sugar over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Take pan off heat and cool the syrup. Any extra cooled syrup can be stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up 1 month.nYield: 1 cupnPrep Time: 2 minutesnCook Time: 5 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 1 hour, ingredients: [3 cups milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 shots espresso, chilled or 12 cup instant espresso, 12 cup simple syrup, recipe follows, Crumbled amaretti cookies or biscotti, for garnish, 12 cup water, 1 cup sugar], title: Espresso Frappe, picturelink: cRYg0PbhjDX4kY9q2uYmqx8srTcFaa}, 18573: {instructions: Mix honey with vinegar, sesame oil, and tamari, then stir in water and transfer to a small serving dish.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over high heat with 1 tablespoon oil. When the oil smokes, add scallions and sear them, crisping them at edges and charring the greens, 2 minutes. Pull pan from heat and add egg mixture seasoned with salt. Toss and scramble the eggs, putting the pan back over the heat briefly if necessary, then remove eggs to a plate. Wipe pan clean and add a drizzle of oil to skillet and a tortilla. Blister the tortilla, 30 seconds, turn it and add 14 of the scallions and eggs to top the tortilla. Fold the tortilla into quarters and crisp the outsides then remove, repeat with remaining ingredients then serve with sauce for dipping., ingredients: [2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon white wine or cider vinegar, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 14 cup tamari dark soy sauce, 18 cup water, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon light oil, plus some to drizzle, 4 scallions cut into 1inch lengths, 2 eggs plus 2 egg yolks, beaten, Salt, 4 large plain flour tortillas], title: Scallion and Egg Pancakes, picturelink: D7kcBDVWLYo8bRnv1ErOrW7xQeI5oVe}, 18574: {instructions: Romesco Sauce: Soak 1 dried New Mexico chile pepper in hot water, 10 minutes drain, then remove the stem and seeds. Puree 1 garlic clove, 1 slice toasted bread, 14 cup smoked almonds and the chile in a food processor. Add 2 cups quartered tomatoes, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar and 12 teaspoon smoked paprika puree. With the motor running, slowly pour in 34 cup olive oil. Season with salt and more paprika.nServe with:nAcorn Squash: Halve, seed and cut into 12inchthick wedges. Toss with olive oil, salt and pepper. Roast at 425 degrees F, stirring halfway through, until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. You can do this at the same time as the carrots.nBaby Carrots: Trim, then toss with olive oil, chopped dill and parsley, and salt. Roast at 425 degrees F, tossing halfway through, until tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nBaby Bell PeppersnSmoked AlmondsnRadishesnPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: Red Crudites with Romesco Sauce, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 18575: {instructions: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Spray a 12inch round nonstick pizza pan or large baking sheet with cooking spray. Sprinkle the pan with cornmeal to coat evenly. Heat the oil in large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, onions and bell peppers and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the ground beef, chili powder, cumin and salt and cook, breaking up the beef with a wooden spoon, until the beef begins to brown, about 8 minutes. Add the tomatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sauce begins to thicken and the flavors are blended, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat. Let cool slightly. Sprinkle a work surface lightly with flour. Turn the dough onto the surface. Knead lightly, and then with a lightlyfloured rolling pin, roll the dough into a 12inch round. Transfer the dough round to the prepared pan. Spoon the beef mixture onto the dough, then top with the cheese. Bake until the filling is hot and the crust is crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. Sprinkle with the cilantro and cut into 6 slices.nPer Serving: 336 Cal 24g Protein 8g Tot Fat 3g Sat Fat 3g Mono Fat 43g Carb 1g Fiber 4g Sugar 129mg Calcium 4mg Iron 919mg Sodium 33mg Cholesterol, ingredients: [Cooking spray, for greasing pan, Cornmeal, for sprinkling, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 green bell pepper, cut into thin strips, 8 ounces lean ground beef, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, One 14.5ounce can fireroasted tomatoes, Flour, for dusting, 1 pound refrigerated or thawed frozen whole wheat pizza dough, 1 cup shredded reducedfat 4cheese Mexican blend, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Bobbys SouthwesternStyle Pizza, picturelink: null}, 18576: {instructions: Spray a 9 by 13inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. Bring 6 cups of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Once boiling slowly whisk in the polenta, making sure to keep whisking until smooth and thick about 1 to 2 minutes. Pour the cooked polenta into the baking pan and smooth the top. Let cool until firm, about 20 minutes.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat. When the polenta is cool, invert it onto a cutting board and slice it into 12 squares. Brush the squares with a little canola oil and grill until they are heated through and have nice grill marks, about 2 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, if you are using wooden skewers, soak them in water for at least 30 minutes or while you prepare the sausage and peppers.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over medium heat. Arrange the sausages on the grill and cook for 8 to 10 minutes giving them a 14 turn every couple of minutes. Remove them to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes, then cut them into 12inch thick pieces. The sausage will not be completely cooked through. It will finish cooking on the skewers with the peppers and onions.nWhile sausage is cooking, core and slice the peppers. Cut them and the onion into 1 by 1inch pieces.nIn a small bowl, whisk together 3 tablespoons canola oil, balsamic vinegar, Italian seasoning and mustard.nWhen you are ready, heat the grill or grill pan over medium heat. Thread each skewer with 3 pieces of the sausage, 4 pieces of onion and green pepper and 2 pieces of the red pepper making sure to alternate the ingredients. Brush them with the oil and vinegar mixture and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the skewers on both sides until they are hot and sizzling, about 6 to 8 minutes. Arrange them on a serving platter and serve with the grilled polenta. Reserve 2 skewers for Round 2 recipe Sausage and Pepper Ziti., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 6 cups water, 1 10ounce package quick cooking polenta, 5 tablespoons canola oil, 2 pounds hot Italian sausage, 1 red bell pepper, 2 green bell peppers, 1 large yellow onion, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon spicy brown mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 10inch skewers], title: Sausage and Pepper Skewers with Grilled Polenta, picturelink: 5W6aNJc7pJl4O9PdrTpUKqisiXXq8i.}, 18577: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Sprinkle the brisket with the coarse salt and pepper. Dredge in flour to coat and shake off any excess. In a large Dutch oven heat oil over high heat. Sear the meat until browned on all sides. Set aside. Reduce heat to moderate and add the carrots and onions. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and saute 2 minutes longer. Return the meat to the pan along with all remaining ingredients except the salt and garnishes. Bring to a boil, cover the pot and transfer to the oven. Bake for 2 12 hours, or until the meat slips off a fork when pierced. Lift out the brisket and place on a cutting board. Cover with a damp towel. Pour the broth with vegetables into a tall container and skim off the layer of fat that rises. Remove and discard the bay leaves and chiles. Pour the broth and vegetables into a blender or a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Puree until smooth, add salt to taste and strain. Reheat the sauce. Slice the brisket against the grain and arrange on a platter. Pour the warm sauce over it, sprinkle with sliced scallions and serve., ingredients: [3 12 pounds beef brisket, 1 tablespoon coarse salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground pepper, Flour for dredging, 12 cup vegetable oil, 3 large carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch lengths, 2 medium onions, chopped, 10 garlic cloves, peeled and minced, 3 dried chipotle or morita chiles, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 quarts chicken stock or water, 5 bay leaves, Salt to taste, 4 scallions, white and light green parts, thinly sliced on the diagonal, for garnish], title: Mexican Beef Brisket, picturelink: null}, 18578: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the coconut oil in a medium bowl. If its solid, microwave if first for a few seconds to melt. Whisk in the eggs, maple syrup or agave and vanilla until smooth. Add the cocoa powder and salt and whisk again until completely smooth. Stir in the nuts and chocolate chips.nScrape the batter into a 12ounce or larger ceramic coffee mug. Microwave on high until the cake is cooked through and peeks over the rim of the mug, about 80 seconds. Every microwave is different, so watch it as it cooks.. Top with some fruit if youd like and serve right away., ingredients: [1 tablespoon virgin coconut oil, 2 large eggs, 2 to 3 tablespoons maple syrup or agave, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 14 cup natural cocoa powder, Pinch of sea salt, 14 cup walnut pieces, finely chopped, 4 dark chocolate chips, Fresh fruit, for serving, if desired], title: Flourless Chocolate Mug Cake, picturelink: MjR4sWICddBI11JFsT6czZ.9nHCy2}, 18579: {instructions: For the beef carpaccio: In a small bowl, mix the spices together. Completely coat the beef with the spice mix. In a pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat and sear the beef on all sides until golden brown and crusted, about 2 minutes on each side.nWrap the tenderloin in plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator until ready to slice.nFor the aioli: With the back of a knife, crush the garlic. Place in a bowl with 1 teaspoon salt and the Dijon mustard. Add the egg and whisk to blend. Slowly whisk in the oil, a little at a time, until all the oil is mixed in and the aioli emulsifies and becomes thick and creamy. Add the lemon juice and zest. If you need to thin the sauce, add water until you get the consistency you like. Season with salt and pepper. Keep refrigerated until ready to use. Use within 24 hours.nFor the chips and capers: Rinse the potato slices under cold water and put them in a large bowl with the salt. Rinsing the potatoes will ensure they dont change color and will remove some of the starch. Add cold water to cover and set aside. The longer the potatoes stay in the water, the crispier they will be when you fry them.nDrain the potatoes from the water and pat dry between paper towels. Dry off the capers with a paper towel and set aside.nUsing a deep fryer, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Working in small batches, fry the potato chips, stirring a few times, until golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer the potato chips to paper towels to drain excess oil. Sprinkle with salt and reserve.nFry the capers until golden, 30 to 45 seconds. Reserve on paper towels to drain.nTake the beef out of the refrigerator. Using a very sharp knife, cut slices as thinly as you can.nMix the baby spinach with the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve: Plate the beef slices on individual plates, spoon the lemon aioli on the beef, garnish with the seasoned spianch, the potato chips, fried capers and chives., ingredients: [1 tablespoon crushed coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon crushed cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon crushed mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 1 1 12pound beef tenderloin, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 clove garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 egg, 1 cup olive oil, Juice and zest of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and cracked pepper, 3 Yukon Gold potatoes, very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 14 cup small capers, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 cups baby spinach, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and cracked pepper, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives], title: Pan Seared Beef Carpaccio with Potato Chips, Fried Capers and Lemon Aioli, picturelink: null}, 18580: {instructions: For the mustard: Combine the mustard, sugar, vinegar, olive oil, horseradish, lemon juice, salt and 12 cup water in a blender or food processor and process for 1 minute. Scrape down the sides of the container and process for 30 seconds. Transfer to a small saucepan and let stand for 10 minutes.nSet the saucepan over low heat and cook until bubbly, stirring constantly. If a thinner mustard is desired, stir in an additional 1 to 2 tablespoons water. Let cool completely.nFor the wienies: Grill or boil the hot dogs. Cut off the tips, and then cut the hot dogs into 1inch pieces. Place a toothpick into each piece.nSpoon a thin layer of mustard into each shot glass. Place the hot dogs into the mustard in the shot glasses., ingredients: [1 cup ground mustard, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup tarragon or cider vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 package hot dogs or cocktail wienies], title: Shot Glass Apps: Wienies and Mustard, picturelink: null}, 18581: {instructions: Stir the saffron into the wine and set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the fennel and onion and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the saffronwine mixture and olives and simmer until the liquid is reduced to about a tablespoon, about 3 minutes. Add the vegetable stock and cook until slightly reduced, about 2 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper stir in the parsley.nMeanwhile preheat the broiler. Pat the fish dry with paper towels. Rub the skin with 3 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over high heat. Add the fish skinside up and cook until golden on the bottom, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the broiler. Broil until the skin is slightly charred, 6 to 8 minutes.nDivide the vegetables and liquid among 4 dishes. Top with the fish skinsideup. Garnish each dish with fennel fronds and finish with gray salt.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [2 pinches of saffron threads, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 bulb fennel, trimmed, cored and thinly sliced, plus fronds for topping, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 cup kalamata olives, pitted, 12 cup vegetable stock, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 4 6ounce snapper fillets, pin bones removed, Gray salt, for finishing], title: Snapper with Fennel and Tomatoes, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 18582: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 325u00b0. Line a baking sheet with Reynoldsu00ae Parchment Paper or Reynoldsu00ae Cookie Baking Sheets.nWhisk together the vanilla, salt and egg whites in a large bowl. Fold in the coconut and candies. Scoop rounded tablespoonfuls of dough and firmly squeeze them into balls. Each ball should have about 3 candies in it more might cause the ball to fall apart while baking.nPlace the balls about 1inch apart on the parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake until very lightly toasted, about 15 minutes.nLet cool on the parchment sheet on a wire rack for about 15 minutes., ingredients: [14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt, 2 large egg whites, 2 12 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 14 cup green candycoated chocolates], title: Green and White Coconut Macaroons, picturelink: jQedprCyeCGnGiYsG25pa088EvvWi2}, 18583: {instructions: Combine ricotta, spinach, eggs, salt, pepper, and nutmeg in a bowl and mix thoroughly.nAdd 1 14 cups of the flour to the bowl and mix. The remaining 14 cup of flour should only be used if the dough is too sticky.nTurn the dough onto a floured work surface.nDivide the dough into workable pieces.nWith your hands, roll the pieces of dough into long cylinders approximately 34 of an inch in diameter.nCut the cylinders into 1inch pieces. Make a depression in each gnocchi to shape.nIn a large pot with 6 to 8 quarts of salted boiling water, add gnocchi and carefully stir to prevent sticking.nAs gnocchi start to cook they will float to the surface. Cook approximately 1 minute more.nRemove gnocchi with slotted spoon or strainer. Add a saute pan with your favorite sauce or butter. Saute briefly. Add your choice of grated cheese and serve., ingredients: [1 pound whole milk ricotta, drained to remove excess moisture, 10 ounces finely chopped spinach, excess moisture removed, 2 large eggs, 1 14 to 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon white pepper, 18 teaspoon nutmeg], title: Tallutos Spinach Gnocchi, picturelink: PxhSeWWvXtB70oXH.tbAP.QxgCVnzcy}, 18584: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray baking sheet with cooking spray and set aside.nUnroll and separate biscuit dough. Pat each biscuit in to 14inch thick rounds. Place on prepared baking sheet. Make dimples in each round with fingertips.nIn a small bowl, combine olive oil, garlic, and Italian seasoning. Using a pastry brush, brush tops with olive oil mixture. Place 2 artichoke quarters on each round and about 5 grape tomatoes halves and top with 2 tablespoons crumbled blue cheesenBake in oven for 13 to 15 minutes, or until golden brown.nServe warm., ingredients: [1 16.3ounce can refrigerated biscuit dough recommended: Pillsbury Grands, 3 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning recommended: McCormick, 2 6ounce jars marinated artichoke hearts, drained recommended: Mezzetta, 1 12 cups grape tomatoes, sliced in 12, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Artichoke Focaccini, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 18585: {instructions: Make the relish: Combine the vinegar, sugar, celery seeds and mustard seeds in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until syrupy, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl let cool slightly. Stir in the dill pickles, yellow peppers, pimientos, pickled jalapenos and chives. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight. Season with salt.nPreheat a grill to medium high. Grill the hot dogs, turning, until well marked, 4 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, open the buns and toast cutside down on the grill. Brush the insides of the buns with the melted butter and arrange the cheese inside cover to melt, 1 to 2 more minutes.nDrain the relish. Serve the hot dogs on the cheesy buns top with ketchup, mustard and the relish.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon celery seeds, 14 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds, 12 cup finely chopped dill pickles, 14 cup finely chopped pickled yellow pepper rings, 2 tablespoons finely chopped pimientos, 1 tablespoon finely chopped pickled jalapeno peppers, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, Kosher salt, 4 hot dogs, 4 topsplit hot dog buns, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 slices American cheese, quartered, Ketchup and mustard, for topping], title: Cheesy Hot Dogs with PicklePepper Relish, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 18586: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add onion, garlic, and pumpkin, and saute until soft, without letting vegetables brown. Add honey and continue to cook until it caramelizes. Add chicken stock and let simmer for 10 minutes. Puree mixture in a food processor or blender, in batches as necessary. See note.nIn a large nonstick skillet, heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add scallops, in batches if necessary, and sear until golden brown on 1 side, turn, and continue cooking until just cooked through in the middle.nPlace 4 scallops, seared side up, in the bottom of 4 deep bowls. Pour the pumpkin broth into the bowl. Sprinkle chopped hazelnuts over top. Drizzle with hazelnut oil and garnish with chopped chives.nCooks note: When blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [10 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, 2 pounds pumpkin, diced small, 3 ounces honey, 2 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 16 large scallops, cleaned, 8 ounces whole hazelnuts, roasted to golden brown, and coarsely chopped, 4 ounces hazelnut oil, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Seared Scallops with Pumpkin Broth and Roasted Hazelnuts, picturelink: BMQPco2aMMDOUS9wtCRiCV2DUt9BViS}, 18587: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium and lightly brush the grill grates with olive oil. Whisk the vinegar, olive oil, ketchup and mustard in a small bowl. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and brush all over with the vinegar mixture. Grill until marked and cooked through, 8 to 9 minutes per side transfer to a plate.nMeanwhile, heat a castiron skillet or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat on the stove or place directly on the grill grates. Add the bacon and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and crisp, about 5 minutes.nAdd the corn kernels and Swiss chard stems to the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the corn is tender and lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the butter, scallions and chard leaves. Cook until the chard is just wilted, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Slice the chicken and serve with the corn mixture.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 slices thickcut bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 4 ears of corn, kernels cut off about 2 cups, 1 bunch Swiss chard, chopped stems and leaves separated, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 scallions, sliced], title: Balsamic Chicken with Corn and Swiss Chard, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 18588: {instructions: Prepare an ice water bath in a large bowl, and bring a large pot of water to a boil. Put the arugula in a large sieve and plunge it into the boiling water. Immediately immerse all the arugula and stir so that it blanches evenly. Blanch for about 15 seconds. Remove, shake off the excess water, then plunge the arugula into the ice water bath and stir again so it cools as fast as possible. Drain well.nSqueeze the water out of the arugula with your hands until very dry. Roughly chop the arugula and put in a blender. Add the garlic, salt and pepper to taste, olive oil, 2 tablespoons of the pine nuts, and the vitamin C, if using. Blend for at least 30 seconds. In this way the green of the arugula will thoroughly color the oil. Add the cheese and pulse to combine. The pesto will keep several days in a tightly sealed container in the refrigerator.nPull out before dinner to get to room temperature. Before serving, add the remaining 1 tablespoon toasted pinenuts., ingredients: [4 cups packed fresh arugula, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup pure olive oil, 2 tablespoon pine nuts, toasted, plus 1 tablespoon, 18 teaspoon vitamin C optional, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Arugula Pesto, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 18589: {instructions: Fill a high ball glass with ice. Pour the vodka and cranberry juice over the ice. Squeeze the juice from the lime half into the drink. Stir gently. Garnish the edge of the glass with the lime wedge. Serve., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 2 fluid ounces vodka, 4 fluid ounces cranberry juice, Half a lime, plus a wedge for garnish], title: Cape Codder, picturelink: BUU.6sEFnsJ6X4rbCjsIRxX7ZpQzo0e}, 18590: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the rum, ancho powder, chile de arbol, brown sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until reduced by half. Remove from the heat, and then add butter.nHeat 2 inches of oil in a large highsided pan until it reaches 365 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nStir together the coriander, ginger, sugar, onion and garlic powders, salt, habanero powder, black pepper, thyme, cinnamon, allspice, and cloves in a large bowl. Season the wings with salt and pepper and toss them in the jerk rub. Add the wings, in batches, to the oil and cook until golden brown and cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove them with a slotted spoon and put them on a plate lined with paper towels to drain for a few minutes, and then transfer the wings to a large bowl.nAdd the brown sugarrum glaze and chopped cilantro and toss to coat each wing. Serve with the Chimichurri Sauce.nCombine the cilantro, parsley, mint, garlic, and vinegar in a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, slowly add the oil through the feed tube until smooth. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and pulse a few times until combined., ingredients: [2 cups dark rum, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, Pinch ground chili de arbol, 34 cup dark brown sugar, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Peanut or canola oil, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 tablespoon habanero powder, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 3 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, wing tips removed and discarded, Chopped cilantro leaves, about 2 tablespoons, Chimichurri Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 clove garlic, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jerk Wings with RumBrown Sugar Glaze, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 18591: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, whisk the hoisin sauce with the vinegar, ginger and garlic.nSoak the rice noodles in very hot water until soft, according to package instructions. Cut into smaller pieces for serving.nHeat the oil in a skillet over medium heat, then add pork chop strips and quickly stirfry until warmed through. Add the hoisin mixture and toss to coat. Remove from the heat.nServe the pork family style in lettuce cups topped with chopped peanuts, mint, cilantro, bean sprouts and Sriracha and the rice noodles on the side., ingredients: [13 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons grated ginger, 1 clove garlic, grated, One 14ounce package rice vermicelli noodles, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 pounds cooked pork chops, sliced into strips, 1 head Bibb lettuce, separated into leaves, Serving suggestions: chopped peanuts, mint leaves, cilantro leaves, bean sprouts and Sriracha], title: Asian Pork Lettuce Cups, picturelink: JKr33fVFLBd3sUvVa05D6Unpy35Wyq}, 18592: {instructions: In a food processor, add seafood mixture, egg, and butter. Pulse until the butter is incorporated but still visible small pieces. Place 1 tablespoon of mixture on a wrapper and bring up the sides going around the mound. Continue with the remaining mixture and wrappers. Drop, open side up, from 6 inches on a flat surface to flatten the shumai bottoms. Steam shumai for 8 minutes.nInto 4 soup plates, place 3 shumai each. Ladle 4 ounces broth around the shumai. Serve and enjoy.nWine Suggestion: Goldwater Dog Point Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc 1998nIn a food processor, add shrimp, bass, scallops, egg, ginger, and sesame oil. Pulse only a little bit to bring ingredients together. Transfer to a large bowl and fold in scallions and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a 2quart casserole, saute onions, jalapeno, ginger, and lemongrass. Deglaze with fish sauce and reduce by 80 per cent. Add stock and dash of white pepper. Reduce by 20 per cent on a slow simmer, about 45 minutes. Strain and keep hot. Check for seasoning. Squeeze in lemon juice right before serving., ingredients: [2 cups master seafood mixture, recipe follows, 1 egg, 2 ounces chopped, frozen butter, 1 package shumai wrappers, Lemongrass Broth, recipe follows, 1 pound rock shrimp, diced, 1 pound Chilean sea bass, diced, 1 pound bay scallops, diced, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 cup chopped scallions, 14 cup chopped cilantro, Salt and white pepper, 1 onion, sliced, 1 jalapeno sliced with the seeds, 4 slices peeled ginger, 6 stalks lemongrass, sliced, white part only, 14 cup fish sauce, 4 cups chicken stock, Dash white pepper, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Seafood Shumai in a Lemon Grass Broth, picturelink: null}, 18593: {instructions: Position a rack 4 to 6 inches from the broiler and preheat the broiler. Whisk the eggs, milk and cheese in a large bowl. In another bowl, toss the tomatoes, basil, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallions, radicchio, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring, until the radicchio is tender, about 3 minutes, then add to the bowl with the egg mixture and stir. Wipe out the skillet.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat, tilting to coat the pan. Add the egg mixture and cook, undisturbed, until the bottom starts setting, about 30 seconds. Top with spoonfuls of ricotta transfer to the broiler and cook until the frittata is set and golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Loosen the edge with a rubber spatula slide out of the skillet. Cut into wedges. Serve with the tomato salad.nPer serving: Calories: 381 Total Fat: 28 grams Saturated Fat: 9 grams Protein: 20grams Total carbohydrates:11 grams Sugar: 0 grams Fiber: 2 grams Cholesterol: 461 milligrams Sodium: 558 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [8 large eggs, 14 cup milk, 13 cup grated parmesan cheese, 2 medium tomatoes, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch scallions, sliced, 12 small head radicchio, coarsely chopped about 4 cups, Pinch of sugar, 12 cup ricotta cheese preferably fresh], title: Ricotta Frittata With Tomato Salad, picturelink: HEd9TRxCu9Zm19pU3h5TkutRBiY17q.}, 18594: {instructions: Add potatoes to a large sauce pan of water, bring to boil and simmer about 6 minutes, until potatoes are just tender. Drain. In a large nonstick skillet over moderate high heat cook onion and garlic in butter, until onion is golden brown. Add bell pepper and cook, stirring, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle flour over mixture and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Stir in broth, horseradish, and Worcestershire sauce and simmer, stirring, about 2 minutes. Add pot roast, potatoes, and salt and pepper to taste and cook over moderate heat, turning hash, until browned and crisp in spots, about 15 minutes. Serve with fried eggs., ingredients: [2 baking potatoes, peeled and dice into 12inch cubes, 1 onion, cut into 34inch pieces, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 1 green bell pepper, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon all purpose flour, 34 cup beef broth, 2 tablespoons bottled beet horseradish, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups pot roast, cut into 12inch cubes, Fried eggs as accompaniment], title: Pot Roast Hash with Fried Eggs, picturelink: null}, 18595: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry bag a candy thermometernAdd 2 heaping tablespoons feuilletine flakes to the center of each of 12 dessert plates. Top each with a chocolate dessert cup. Using a cookie cutter that fits the inside of the chocolate cup, cut 12 rounds of the Banana Panna Cotta. Place one round inside each chocolate cup and pipe about 2 tablespoons of the Peanut Butter Mousse on top of each. Finely slice the bacon into little matchsticks and top the mousse with a pinch of the bacon and a shard of praline. Serve immediately.nSpray an 8inch square baking dish or cake pan with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nCombine the gelatin, heavy cream and milk in a medium saucepan and let it sit for 2 to 3 minutes to bloom the gelatin. Set over medium heat, add the sugar, vanilla bean seeds and pod and bring to a simmer, stirring until the sugar and gelatin are dissolved, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the vanilla pod and add the gelatin mixture a blender along with the bananas, lemon juice and salt and puree until smooth. Pass the puree through a finemesh strainer into the prepared baking dish and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours or up to overnight.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the peanut butter, butter and powdered sugar on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the corn syrup, vanilla and a pinch of salt. Continue mixing until satiny and light, another 3 to 5 minutes.nWhip the cream until it holds soft peaks. Add about a third of the whipped cream to the peanut butter mixture and mix well to loosen it up. Add the remaining whipped cream and fold gently until completely combined. Transfer to a pastry bag and refrigerate until ready to use.nPlace a large piece of parchment paper on a flat surface, preferably granite or wood.nCombine the peanuts, granulated and brown sugars, butter, milk, bourbon, salt and vanilla in a large pot and attach a candy thermometer to the side, being sure that the thermometer goes deep into the mixture. Turn the heat to mediumhigh.nMeanwhile, fill a bowl thats larger than the pot halfway with ice water and set it aside.nStir the mixture with a wooden spoon. When everything has melted together, start checking the temperature. When the thermometer reaches exactly 236 degrees F, remove the pot from the heat and stick it in the bowl of cold water to stop the cooking process, stirring constantly, 45 seconds.nPour all of the mixture onto the parchment and spread it out to about 18inch thin. Make sure youve distributed the peanuts evenly. If you feel like it, sprinkle just a bit of salt on top. Let it cool all the way, about 1 hour. If youre in a humid environment, it might stay sticky, but put it in front of a fan, and it should dry. Break up into shards.nStore shards carefully in a tin, stacked no higher than three layers, separated by wax paper., ingredients: [2 cups feuilletine flakes, Twelve 3ounce chocolate dessert cups, Banana Panna Cotta, recipe follows, Peanut Butter Mousse, recipe follows, 4 slices bacon, cooked crisp, Peanut Praline, recipe follows, broken into shards, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 envelopes 2 tablespoons unflavored gelatin, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup milk, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped and pod reserved, 2 medium to large bananas, 2 tablespoons lemon juice from about 12 large lemon, Pinch kosher salt, 6 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 12 stick 2 ounces butter, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 12 cups finely chopped roasted peanuts, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup light brown sugar, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup skim milk, 2 teaspoons bourbon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for garnish, optional, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: New Years Decadence in a Bite, picturelink: 0TxUdBpueDEGz5Iioim9uyyOTF0Q5Ni}, 18596: {instructions: Beat the butter at medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy gradually add the sugar, beating well. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating until blended after each addition. Add the vanilla, beating until blended.nCombine the flour, baking soda and salt gradually add the flour mixture to the butter mixture, beating at low speed until blended.nDivide the dough in half wrap each portion in plastic wrap and refrigerate 1 hour.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll half of the dough out to 14inch thickness on a floured surface. Cut out cookies with a 2 12inch round cutter, and place 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until the edges begin to brown, 10 to 12 minutes, rotating the sheets and switching their positions halfway through baking time. Let cookies stand on baking sheets 5 minutes. Transfer to wire racks to cool. Repeat procedure with remaining dough., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling dough, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt], title: Tea Cake Cookies, picturelink: null}, 18597: {instructions: In a large heavy skillet heat the vegetable oil until it is hot but not smoking and in it stir fry the scallions, cabbage, and celery for 3 minutes, or until the cabbage is wilted. Add the sugar, broth, soy sauce, and sesame oil and simmer the mixture, covered, for 3 minutes. Stir the cornstarch mixture, stir it into the vegetable mixture, and bring the liquid to a boil. Stir in the pork and season to taste with red pepper flakes. Simmer until heated through and serve over noodles., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 scallions, trimmed and cut crosswise tinto 12inch thick pieces, 1 12 cups sliced Napa cabbage, 14 cup sliced celery, 14 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, 12 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon cold water, 1 cup cooked pork loin, cut into thin strips, Red pepper flakes, to taste, 14 pound cooked vermicelli], title: Pork Chow Mein, picturelink: null}, 18598: {instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add vanilla. Add flour and salt and blend well. Divide dough in half. Add cocoa to 12 of dough. Let rest. Roll 14 inch cylinders of chocolate and plain vanilla dough about 12 inches long. Arrange in checkerboard by alternating 6 cylinders of chocolate and vanilla dough, contrasting each time to six layers total. Press tightly. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill at least 12 hour.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. With a sharp knife, slice the dough into rounds about 13inch thick. Place 1 inch apart on a parchment covered baking sheet. Bake for about 10 minutes or until lightly golden., ingredients: [2 cups unsalted butter 1 pound, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 5 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 cup cocoa], title: Checkerboard Cookies, picturelink: null}, 18599: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nTo mixed brownie batter, stir in peanut butter chips. Grease an 8 by 13inch baking dish with softened butter and line with foil. Spread the brownie batter into an even layer. Sprinkle the batter with chopped nuts and bake 20 to 22 minutes. Top with marshmallows in the last 3 minutes of baking. Remove from oven and cut into 12 brownies., ingredients: [1 package chocolate brownie mix, prepared to directions on box 12 cup oil, 14 cup water, 2 eggs, 1 cup peanut butter chips, Softened butter, for greasing your baking dish, 1 2ounce package chopped nuts, available on baking aisle, 14 cup mini marshmallows], title: MarshmallowNut Brownies, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}}