{18600: {instructions: Sprinkle a small amount of water on a large sheet of plastic wrap. Place half of the pork on top of the plastic and sprinkle again with water. Cover with another sheet of plastic wrap and pound with a rolling pin or meat pounder until about 14inch thick. Repeat with the remaining pork.nMix the flour with the salt and pepper, to taste, in a shallow pie plate. Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Place the cutlets in the flour mixture and turn to coat on all sides. Shake off the excess flour and add to the skillet. Working in batches if necessary, saute until golden, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a plate or platter and cover loosely with foil.nAdd the shallot, paprika and caraway seeds to the pan. Saute for 1 minute, then add the wine. Simmer, stirring to pick up and browned bits on the bottom, until almost dry. Add the chicken stock and simmer for 3 minutes. Return the pork to the skillet and simmer, turning often, until warmed through and the sauce is thickened, about 1 minute. Transfer to warmed serving plates. Stir the sour cream into the pan juices and season with salt and pepper. Spoon over the pork and serve at once., ingredients: [1 pound boneless pork loin chops, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large shallot, minced, 1 12 tablespoons sweet or hot paprika, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade, 14 cup sour cream, Additional kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Hungarian Pork Cutlets, picturelink: null}, 18601: {instructions: Dissolve 12 cup honey in 12 cup boiling water. Let cool, then pour into a pitcher add the juice of 2 lemons, 2 cups apricot nectar and 1 cup vodka, if desired. Chill. Add a bottle of sparkling apple juice to the pitcher. Serve over ice with lemon slices.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Honey Punch, picturelink: g31M0o7mmgvovIS0IYyh.8vUOBRu}, 18602: {instructions: Chill vodka for better smoothness. Add vodka and lime juice to a shaker, shake and strain into a shot glass. Using a straw, dip some Baileys Irish Cream into the shot. Once you submerge the straw into the Baileys put your finger on top of the straw to hold the Baileys in the straw. Dip the straw tip into the vodka and slowly release your top finger. The Baileys will curdle a little bit due to the lime juice and you should be able to make strands of Baileys. Repeat the strawBaileys process to build a brain in the shot glass. Add a splash of grenadine to the concoction to add the blood to the mix. Down the hatch as a shot., ingredients: [1 14 oz. strawberry vodka, 18 oz. Roses lime juice, 34 oz. Baileys Irish Cream, Splash of grenadine], title: Bloody Brain Shooter, picturelink: null}, 18603: {instructions: For the brownies: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and grease and flour a 9by13inch baking dish.nPlace the chocolate and butter in the top of a double boiler and melt over low heat. Let cool slightly. Beat the eggs and sugar together until thick and pale yellow in color. Add the cooled chocolate mixture and stir well to combine. Sift in the flour, fennel powder, cardamom seeds, fennel seeds, smoked paprika and salt, and stir well until completely combined. Pour into the prepared pan and bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Let cool.nFor the ganache: Chop the white chocolate and place into a heatproof bowl. Place the cream and ground cardamom in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Pour the hot cream over the white chocolate. Let sit for 30 seconds, and then stir until it is very smooth. Pour the ganache over the brownies and let cool completely until the ganache is set. Cut into squares., ingredients: [10 ounces butter, plus more for pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for pan, 16 ounces dark chocolate, 6 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon fennel powder, 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, About 1 pound500 g white chocolate, 1 12 cups 35percent whipping cream, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom], title: Cardamom Fennel Brownies, picturelink: null}, 18604: {instructions: In the top part of a double boiler set over water boiling on high heat, combine clam juice, butter, celery salt, and Worcestershire sauce. Once butter melts, add the oysters and cook for 30 seconds, stirring constantly. Add chili sauce and stir well. Add halfandhalf and cook for a few minutes until the cream is hot and almost simmering, but not boiling.nAdd a slice of white toast to a warm 9inch soup bowl and underline with a slightly larger plate. Using a slotted spoon, transfer oysters over the toast in soup bowl. Pour soup over the oysters, filling to about 14inch beneath the rim. Garnish with a dash of paprika and serve with oyster crackers., ingredients: [14 cup clam broth or juice, 1 tablespoon sweet butter, 14 teaspoon celery salt, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 6 extraselect shucked oysters with juice, 2 tablespoons sweet chili sauce, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 piece white toast, 1 teaspoon sweet Hungarian paprika, 1 package oyster crackers], title: Oyster Pan Roast, picturelink: null}, 18605: {instructions: Combine chips and cream in a bowl over a pot of simmering water. Stir until chocolate is melted and combines with cream. Stir in additional flavorings if desired. Serve warm., ingredients: [8 ounces chocolate chips, 1 cup heavy cream, Additional flavorings: kahlua, leftover coffee, peanut butter], title: The Simplest Hot Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18606: {instructions: Place rack in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Butter baking sheet and set aside.nInto large bowl, sift flour, baking powder and salt. Stir in cheese. With fork, stir in cream a little at a time until no dry bits remain and dough has formed you may not need all the cream.nTurn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and knead about 6 times. Roll or press dough into 34inchthick circle. Cut out rounds with floured 2 12inch cutter or inverted glass, pressing scraps together to cut additional biscuits. Alternatively, cut circle into 10 wedges.nPlace biscuits 1 inch apart on prepared baking sheet. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, or until golden., ingredients: [2 cups King Arthur Unbleached AllPurpose Flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces Cabot Sharp Cheddar, finely diced about 1 cup, 1 12 cups heavy cream], title: Cabot Cheddar Cream Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 18607: {instructions: Place cream and garlic in saucepan and on low heat, reduce the cream to 1 cup. Scoop out potato into a food processor. Puree and add cream, sambal, butter, salt and pepper. Check for seasoning. Keep warm for serving, ingredients: [5 large sweet potatoes, baked until a easily pierced with a knife, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sambal, 24 ounces of butter, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Sambal Sweet Potato Puree, picturelink: null}, 18608: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks Note: For television, Daniel Boulud substituted dried chick peas for the cannellini peas.nCenter a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nHeat 14 cup of the olive oil in a wide castiron pot or Dutch oven over high heat. Add the spinach, little by little, and cook, stirring continuously, until all the spinach has wilted and browned slightly and all the liquid has evaporated, 20 to 30 minutes.nAdd the onions, garlic, mint, cilantro, harissa or cayenne, black pepper, and FourSpice Powder and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes.nPour in 4 cups water and add the cannellini beans or blackeyed peas. Stir, bring to a simmer, and cover. Braise in the oven for 2 hours, or until the beans are nearly tender.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Sear the merguez on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate lined with a paper towel to drain.nStir the lemon juice into the beans and place the seared merguez on top. Cover and continue to braise until the beans are tender and the sausage is cooked through, about 30 minutes more. Season with salt to taste.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nIn a spice grinder or clean coffee grinder, finely grind the cloves and black pepper together. Transfer to a bowl and combine with the nutmeg and ginger., ingredients: [14 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 pounds spinach, stems removed, washed and dried, 2 medium onions peeled and cut into small cubes, 6 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon harissa or 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon FourSpice Power recipe follows, 12 pound dried cannellini beans, blackeyed peas, soaked overnight in cold water and drained, 2 pounds merguez sausage: 1 long link or individual links, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice about 2 lemons, Coarse sea salt or kosher salt, 2 teaspoons whole cloves, 1 heaping tablespoon black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground ginger], title: Spicy Merguez with Spinach and White Beans, picturelink: NHdmQgHzTT789Jf30R3nHZcoZz.KBK}, 18609: {instructions: Cut a Japanese eggplant which is longer and more slender than the usual hulking kind into small cubes and steam until tender. Dress with sesame oil, toasted sesame seeds, the juice of half a lemon and salt to taste.nPhotograph by Antonis Achiellos, ingredients: [], title: Sesame Eggplant, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 18610: {instructions: In skillet heat olive oil. Cook garlic and onion until golden. Add mushrooms, thyme, basil, salt and pepper. Add a splash of vinegar. Cook until mushrooms begin to wilt. Cut baguette into 12  slices and toast. Top baguette with mushrooms and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons onion, minced, 2 cups mixed mushrooms, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried basil, Salt, Pepper, Balsamic or red wine vinegar, 1 baguette], title: Wild Mushroom Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 18611: {instructions: In a shallow bowl stir together garlic paste, thyme, and 3 teaspoons lemon juice. Add chicken, turning to coat, and marinates, covered, 15 minutes. Pat chicken dry. In a 9inch heavy skillet heat oil and butter over moderately high heat until foam subsides and saute chicken, skin side down, until golden, about 3 minutes on each side. Transfer chicken with tongs to a plate. Add flour to skillet and cook roux over moderately low heat, whisking, 3 minutes. Whisk in broth and remaining teaspoon lemon juice in a stream, whisking until gravy is smooth. Return chicken to skillet with any juices accumulated on plates and simmer, covered, 15 minutes, or until springy to the touch and just cooked through. Accompaniment: cooked rice. Stir in parsley and serve over rice., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon crumbled dried thyme, 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 whole chicken breast about 34 pound, halved, 13 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 34 cup lowsalt chicken broth, 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Chicken and Gravy, picturelink: null}, 18612: {instructions: Combine butter, sugar, and molasses together in a standing mixer with the paddle attachment until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the remaining dry ingredients in a separate bowl.nAdd the dry ingredients to the butter mixture in increments, and continue to beat until thoroughly mixed together.nPour the dough out onto the countertop and divide into 4 pieces. Press each piece into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Place in the refrigerator and chill for 1 to 2 hours, or up to 3 days.nAdjust the racks to the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line sheet trays with parchment paper.nSpread 2 large pieces of parchment paper out and very lightly flour them. Place a disk of dough between the parchment sheets and roll out to 14inch thickness. Repeat with the remaining disks of dough. Rework all scraps into balls and rechill before reusing. Repeat with all the dough.nCut out cookies and place on the parchmentlined sheet trays with an offset spatula, leaving 1inch between each cookie. Bake the cookies for 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on the sheet tray for 5 minutes, and then transfer to a cooling rack to continue cooling to room temperature before decorating the cookies with Royal Icing.nAdd ingredients to a large bowl. Beat, using a hand mixer, until glossy and stiff, about 5 to 6 minutes. Place in icing bags with fine tips to decorate cookies., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup mild molasses, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, Royal Icing, recipe follows, 2 egg whites, 3 cups confectioners sugar, whisked to remove lumps, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Holiday Gingerbread Cookies, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 18613: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large heavy saucepan or braising pan, cook the bacon over mediumhigh heat until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon and drain on paper towels.nAdd the onions, salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir for 2 minutes. Add 3 cups broth and the lemon juice. Increase the heat and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring occasionally. Cover with a tight lid and bake in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven and return it to the stove over mediumlow heat. Remove the lid and stir in the chicken, kale, roasted vegetables and 14 cup chicken broth. Stir until the kale is wilted, about 5 minutes, adding extra broth, as needed, until the risotto is creamy. Stir in the cooked bacon and cheese. Ladle into bowls and serve., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped coarsely, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup Arborio rice, 3 cups lowsalt chicken broth, plus 14 to 12 cup, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice about 1 large lemon, 34 cup diced cooked chicken, 3 medium curly kale leaves, stemmed and chopped into 1inch pieces about 3 cups, 1 roasted carrot, chopped, 1 roasted parsnip, chopped, 1 roasted shallot, chopped, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Risotto with Bacon and Kale, picturelink: QwGilTah0WltxxVtf07d95Lcmmd6e}, 18614: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onion, garlic, and bay leaves and saute until onion is soft, stirring frequently, about 4 minutes.nAdd ground beef to skillet and cook until browned. Once the meat is browned, carefully away from the flame, tilt pan and remove excess fat with a large spoon.nAdd the white wine and stir for another minute. Then add the chopped cherry tomatoes, tomato paste, pimento stuffed Spanish olives, raisins, dried oregano, cumin and cayenne pepper. Simmer over low heat for another 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season with salt and pepper.nServe warm:nAs a filling for empanadas or tacosnOver white rice with fried plantains or black beansnWith a side salad and black beansnTo make Picadillo soupier for serving over rice, add additional wine, chicken or beef stock., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, finely chopped about 2 cups, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 bay leaves, 1 pound ground beef or combination of beef chorizo, and pork, 13 cup dry white wine or dry sherry, 10 cherry tomatoes, chopped or 1 8ounce can diced tomatoes with juice, 13 cup tomato paste, 13 cup chopped pimento stuffed Spanish olives with 1 tablespoon brine from jar, 13 cup raisins, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cuban Picadillo, picturelink: CxPZsqPlW1bKAqOlBdLMoufxf9v.fy}, 18615: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray two 9inch cake pans with nonstick cooking spray.nCombine the flour, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer and mix on low until well combined the mixture will be one uniform color. With the machine running on low, add the milk, boiling water, vegetable oil, vanilla and eggs. Mix on high, scraping down the sides as needed, until well combined and the mixture has air bubbles, about 1 minute.nDivide the batter between the prepared cake pans and bake until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Let cool about 10 minutes in the pans. Run a thin knife around the edge of each cake, then invert the cakes onto a rack and let cool completely, 20 to 30 minutes.nUsing a serrated knife, cut a small portion from the top of each cake to completely flatten it. Save the trimmings for another use.nFor the frosting: When ready to assemble the cake, combine the powdered sugar and butter in a food processor and pulse until well combined. Add the chocolate and continue to pulse, scraping down the sides as needed. Add the sour cream and process until very smooth, about 1 minute.nPlace one cake layer on a platter and spread half of the frosting on top. Flip over the second cake layer, making sure the flattened side is facing the bottom, and place on top of the first cake layer. Spread the remaining frosting to cover only the top of the cake leave the sides without frosting. Serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the pans, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk, 1 cup boiling water, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 2 large eggs, 1 34 cups powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted, 12 cup sour cream], title: Decadent Chocolate Cake, picturelink: i4DP1nZBvB.YyvLyFo3Zfxx8wYfo7fy}, 18616: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Line a roasting pan with aluminum foil.nRinse the roast, pat it dry, and bring it to room temperature. Sprinkle with the Worcestershire sauce and seasoned pepper.nIn a bowl add the kosher salt, Italian dressing mix, and egg whites and stir to combine. Sprinkle water over the top of the salt mixture until it is wellmoistened, but not wet.nPlace a 12inch layer of the salt mixture in the middle of the roasting pan, slightly larger than the diameter of the roast. Place the roast, fat side up, on top of the salt. Insert a meat thermometer into the center of the roast. Carefully pack the remaining salt mixture onto the meat, covering it completely.nPlace the roast in the oven and reduce the temperature to 425 degrees F. Roast for 14 to 16 minutes per pound, or until the thermometer reads 5 degrees F less than desired temperature. Final temperature for rare will be 130 degrees F 135 degrees F for medium rare 140 degrees F for medium.nRemove the roast from the oven and let it rest for 5 minutes.nFor jus, in a small saucepan over medium heat, add the beef broth and bring it to a boil. Reduce the heat, add the soup mix, and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.nRemove the salt crust from the roast by breaking it and peeling it away. You will probably need a hammer to do this. Slice the meat to desired thickness and transfer slices to a platter. Ladle a small amount of jus over the top of the meat serve remainder of jus on the side.nCooks note: Have your butcher remove the ribs from the roast., ingredients: [3 12 pounds beef rib roast, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon seasoned pepper, salt free, 1 3pound box kosher salt, 2 packets Italian dressing mix, 2 large egg whites, 12 cup water, 1 14ounce can lowsodium beef broth, 1 packet onion soup mix], title: Herb Salt Crusted Prime Rib, picturelink: null}, 18617: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHave oil heated to 350 degrees F.nPick the meat from the chicken and discard the skin. Place the chicken in a large bowl and add the hot sauce, pepper, cheese, and scallions, and toss to combine. Roll the chicken into 2ounce balls, about the size of a golf ball.nPlace the flour, eggs, and bread crumbs in 3 separate bowls. Roll each ball in the flour, then the egg and then the bread crumbs. Set aside.nWhen the oil is hot fry the chicken balls in batches. Cook for about 2 minutes per batch. Remove the chicken to paper towel lined plate to drain the excess oil.nTo make the sauce, combine all ingredients in a large bowl and adjust the seasoning if necessary. Serve the chicken alongside the dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 storebought rotisserie chicken, 14 cup hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 34 cups sharp Cheddar, 14 cup freshly sliced scallions, 1 cups allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup packed blue cheese, broken up, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic], title: Buffalo Chicken Cheese Balls, picturelink: IoW6VGfsMWB133b3.XiheQjbejJphm}, 18618: {instructions: Remove the lettuce leaves from the head and using scissors cut each leaf into round shaped cups. Add to a bowl of iced water and refrigerate until needed. In a large bowl add all the remaining ingredients, except the chives, and mix well.nRemove lettuce cups from the water and pat dry with paper towels. Fill the cups with the fruit and vegetable mixture and transfer to serving plates. Garnish the salads with chopped chives and serve.nCooks Note: Add lobster and crabmeat, if desired., ingredients: [1 head butter lettuce, Iced water, 1 tomato, diced, 1 red onion, julienned, 12 English cucumber, diced, 2 oranges, peeled and segmented, 12 black grapes, halved, 1 avocado, pitted and flesh diced, 12 1620 jumbo shrimp, peeled, cooked and diced, 1 lemon, juiced, 18 cup light olive oil, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons chopped chives, for garnish], title: Individual Lettuce Chopped Salad, picturelink: null}, 18619: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the applecinnamon puree: Puree the roasted apples and their juices in a food processor or blender. Combine the apple puree with the lemon juice, sugar and cinnamon in a medium pot over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until thickened and reduced slightly, about 30 minutes. Cool to room temperature and store in a sanitized jar for up to a month.nFor the salted caramel: Heat the sugar in a saucepan over medium heat, until the sugar turns golden. Stir until all of the sugar is dissolved and just starting to turn a lovely amber color.nTurn heat to low, add the butter and stir to combine. Careful, itu00bfll foam up. Then add the heavy cream, vanilla extract and salt, stirring to combine. Youu00bfll cook the sauce for 5 to 10 minutes, until it comes together. Itu00bfll take quite a bit of stirring Let caramel cool to room temperature, pour into a glass jar and store in the fridge for up to 2 weeks. Pour over everything and anythingnFor the crepes: Pop the flour, both sugars, salt, milk, eggs and melted butter in a large bowl and blend together thoroughly. If at all lumpy, strain.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat. Lightly coat or spray with vegetable oil and ladle a scoop of the batter into the center of the pan. Tilt the pan, rotating in a circle, to spread the entire crepe out. It should be about 9 inches wide and very thin. Cook until golden brown, about 1 minute per side. Set aside on a plate. Cook the remaining batter until you have about 20 crepes.nFor assembly: Place a crepe on a cake platter and spread 3 to 4 tablespoons of the mascarpone over the crepe. Top with another crepe, and spread with 3 to 4 tablespoons of the salted caramel sauce. Top that with another crepe, and spread with 3 to 4 tablespoons of the applecinnamon puree. Repeat this process until youu00bfve layered 20 crepes.nPop the crepe cake in the fridge for at least 3 hours preferably overnight to set. When ready to serve, remove from the fridge and let it sit on the counter for about 20 minutes to take the chill off. Sprinkle the top with sea salt and enjoy., ingredients: [2 pounds roasted apples, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup white sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons white sugar, 2 tablespoons bakeru00bfs sugar or superfine sugar, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 12 cups whole milk, 12 large eggs, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Vegetable oil, for cooking, 1 12 cups mascarpone cheese, 1 12 cups salted caramel sauce, 1 12 cups applecinnamon puree, Sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Salted Caramel Apple Crepe Cake, picturelink: 42GZ9m.Z7ywOYs2XQZoy7gTR3smb2O}, 18620: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCut tortillas into strips and spray with cooking spray. Bake 12 to 15 minutes until crisp. Arrange in casserole dish.nHeat a skillet over mediumhigh heat with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Add bacon and brown then remove with a slotted spoon. To the skillet, add the onions, Fresno peppers, and garlic and saute a few minutes.nAdd the beans and season with cumin, chile powder, salt, and pepper, stir in tomatoes, cilantro, and beer. Thicken 1 minute, then adjust seasoning and arrange on top of tortillas, and scatter in bacon bits and cheese.nCool and store for makeahead meal.nBake in the hot oven until bubbly and hot, top with fried eggs as soft or hard as you like, diced avocado and lime wedges., ingredients: [12 corn or flour tortillas, cut into strips, Cooking spray, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 8 slices smoky lean bacon, sliced across the strips 12inch long, 1 red onion, peeled, quartered and sliced, 2 Fresno or jalapeno chiles, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 28ounce can black beans, 1 tablespoon cumin a scant palmful, 1 rounded tablespoon chile powder a healthy palmful, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup beer recommended: Negra Modelo, 1 14ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, Small handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 12 to 2 cups shredded hot pepper sharp Cheddar cheese or Pepper Jack cheese, 4 eggs, to prepare any style 1 per person, Ripe avocado, halved, pitted and diced, Lime, cut into wedges], title: Texas Style Bacon, Beans and Eggs: Black Bean Chilaquiles, picturelink: U28B6mUGa0HQDi1A1Rm0REh5DYIuRJ6}, 18621: {instructions: For the graham cracker crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the graham cracker crumbs, melted butter, confectioners sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl. Press into a 9inch pie pan. Bake for 10 minutes. Cool completely before filling. Leave the oven on.nFor the cream cheese filling: Put the cream cheese, granulated sugar, vanilla and eggs in a medium bowl and beat with a hand mixer on medium speed until smooth. Pour the filling into the cooled crust and bake until set, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool 5 minutes before topping leave the oven on.nFor the sour cream topping: Combine the sour cream, granulated sugar and vanilla in a small bowl and mix until smooth. Spread onto the pie and bake 10 minutes. Cool to room temperature, then refrigerate until cold, about 4 hours. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 34 cups granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup sour cream, 3 12 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Moms Cream Cheese Pie, picturelink: el1nyDooIWKNGx.gPgz1a6rWd8t546}, 18622: {instructions: Mix the chicken, 2 cups broccoli slaw, 14 cup cilantro, 2 scallions, the ginger, 2 tablespoons each teriyaki sauce and duck sauce and 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large bowl.nHeat 14 inch vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot but not smoking. Meanwhile, arrange the chicken mixture down the center of each egg roll wrapper. Tuck in the ends and roll to enclose dab the edges with water and press to seal. Working in batches if needed, add the egg rolls to the oil seamside down fry, turning, until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain.nCombine the remaining 2 cups broccoli slaw, 14 cup cilantro, 2 scallions and the baby corn in a large bowl. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon each teriyaki sauce, duck sauce and vegetable oil, and the rice vinegar toss. Serve the egg rolls with the broccoli slaw, orange wedges and more duck sauce.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, skin removed, 4 cups broccoli slaw mix about 8 ounces, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, 4 scallions, sliced, 2 tablespoons grated peeled fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons teriyaki sauce, 3 tablespoons duck sauce, plus more for serving, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 8 egg roll wrappers about 512 by 6 inches, 1 14ounce can baby corn, drained, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 2 oranges, cut into wedges], title: Chicken Egg Rolls with Broccoli Slaw, picturelink: aB4TTFsFckfylaAVq8hWQAeisyvnM.}, 18623: {instructions: In a large bowl combine the strawberries and the granulated sugar and with a potato masher mash the berries gently until they release their juices, being careful not to crush them to a pulp. Let the mixture stand at room temperature, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour.nIn a bowl beat the heavy cream with the sour cream and the confectioners sugar until it holds a soft shape and beat in the vanilla. Split the biscuits horizontally with a fork, arrange the bottom halves on 8 plates, and spoon the strawberry mixture over them. Top the strawberry mixture with some of the whipped cream and arrange the biscuit tops on the cream. Serve the remaining cream separately., ingredients: [3 pints strawberries, hulled and quartered lengthwise, 13 cup granulated sugar, or to taste, 1 cup wellchilled heavy cream, 13 cup sour cream, 1 12 tablespoons confectioners sugar, or to taste, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 8 cream biscuits recipe follows], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 18624: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Beat sweet potatoes and butter in large bowl until smooth. Add sweetened condensed milk, orange peel, vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt and eggs mix well. Pour into crust.nBAKE 40 minutes or until golden brown. Cool. Garnish as desired., ingredients: [1 pound sweet potatoes, cooked and peeled, 14 cup butter, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 teaspoon grated orange peel, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 1 9inch unbaked pie crust], title: Eagle Brandandreg Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: NOHYcsVQkAHjDekxETOPClpVD7nug6}, 18625: {instructions: Combine the orange and lemon juice, bay leaves, crushed lemongrass, star anise, molasses, soy, chili, garlic and ginger and marinate the quail for several hours, or overnight, covered, in the refrigerator.nTo make the dressing for the salad, combine the mustard, vinegar and honey and whisk in the olive oil to create an emulsion.nRemove the quail from the marinade and grill over an outdoor barbecue for 4 to 5 minutes on each side, or cook over medium heat in a cast iron skillet for 10 to 12 minutes, turning frequently to avoid burning. Remove from the heat and let the quail rest for several minutes before serving.nToss the salad greens with the dressing and divide among 4 plates. Top each salad with 2 quail for a main course and garnish each with several slices of papaya and mango and sprinkle with toasted pumpkin seeds., ingredients: [12 cup orange juice, 1 lemon, juiced and cut into quarters, 2 bay leaves, 1 stalk lemongrass, crushed to release its oils, 2 to 3 star anise, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 whole chili pepper pods, or 12 teaspoon crushed chili peppers, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 8 whole quail, breast bone removed, preferred, 2 cups mesclun salad mix, or your own mix of tender salad greens, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup fragrant extra virgin olive oil 1 papaya, pitted, peeled and sliced, 1 mango peeled, pitted, and sliced, 12 cup shelled pumpkin seeds, toasted 2 to 4 minutes in a 250 degree oven and salted], title: Grilled Quail Salad, picturelink: null}, 18626: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the eggs in a saucepan and cover with water by 2 inches. If youre using farmfresh eggs, add 1 teaspoon baking soda to the water see cooks note. Set the pan over high heat and bring the water to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Then remove the pan from the heat and let the eggs sit in the water for exactly 10 minutes.nPour off the hot water and cover the eggs with fresh cold water. Crack the eggs gently and return them to the cold water. When cool enough to handle, peel the eggs underwater.nSlice each egg in half lengthwise and drop the cooked yolks into a medium mixing bowl. Refrigerate the whites if making ahead.nWith a rubber spatula or a wide wooden spoon, paddle the yolks until smooth. Add the mayonnaise, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, 14 teaspoon pepper and a pinch of salt, and stir until light and fluffy. Transfer the yolk mixture to a clean quartsize plastic bag. Refrigerate if making ahead.nCook the bacon until lightly crisp in a skillet set over medium heat, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the bacon from the skillet, reserving 2 tablespoons of the fat, and finely mince. Add the breadcrumbs to the pan, season with a pinch each of salt and pepper, and cook over medium heat, stirring, until they turn golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Combine the breadcrumbs with the bacon.nHolding the nori sheet with tongs, toast it over an open flame or if you have an electric stove, over a burner set on high until it shines and becomes brittle, about 30 seconds. With scissors, cut the nori into a thick stack and then into tiny pieces, as small as the bacon. Add 13 cup of the nori to the bacon mixture.nWhen youre ready to serve the eggs, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nArrange the egg white halves on an ovensafe platter. Push the filling to the bottom of its bag and snip a 12inch opening in one of the bottom corners. Squeeze the yolk filling into the egg whites.nWarm the eggs in the oven until the yolk mixture turns soft and luscious, about 5 minutes. Cover the eggs with a dense smattering of the baconnori crumbles, and serve., ingredients: [6 large eggs, 1 teaspoon baking soda, optional, 6 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 slices thickcut bacon, 23 cup fresh breadcrumbs, 1 sheet nori dried seaweed], title: Steakhouse Deviled Eggs, picturelink: RzUghpP7ZlPjmC5bvmA7xSzkKpSivW}, 18627: {instructions: Grate the cucumber on the large holes of a box grater into a bowl. Toss with 14 teaspoon salt and pour into a finemesh sieve set over a bowl. Let stand for 10 minutes. Using your hands and working with a bit of the cucumber at a time, squeeze the excess liquid out of the cucumber and place the cucumber in a large bowl. Add the yogurt, feta, garlic, 14 cup of the chopped mint, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper to the bowl with the cucumber. Stir to combine and add more salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a shallow serving bowl.nToss the tomatoes, red onion, olives and remaining 2 tablespoons mint together in a medium bowl. Sprinkle the mixture over the cucumber mixture. Serve the dip with warm pita or vegetable chips., ingredients: [1 seedless cucumber, Kosher salt, 2 cups lowfat Greek yogurt, 4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 small vine ripe or plum tomatos, diced, 1 small red onion, diced, 12 cup pitted black olives, such as kalamata or nicoise, coarsely chopped, Warm pita bread andor root vegetable chips such as Terra Chips, for serving], title: Greek Salad Layered Dip, picturelink: WwKzpV6kHnBs1w9B4mMwEQzamSYelu}, 18628: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a saucepan set over medium heat, then add the sugar and eggnog. Whisk together and bring to a boil. Boil for 1 minute, then remove from the heat and whisk in the vanilla and baking soda if using. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick butter, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup eggnog, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon baking soda, optional], title: Eggnog Syrup, picturelink: IoxkpnHPSfkrXWIvXCWRzIG9CP49oCG}, 18629: {instructions: In a small dry skillet, heat the peppercorns over medium heat until fragrant, about 4 minutes. Quickly grind the peppercorns just until broken up. In a large bowl, add the ground peppercorns, mustard, soy sauce, thyme, garlic, shallots, and oil. Mix, add the racks, and turn to coat them. Marinate in the refrigerator, turning occasionally, at least eight hours or better, overnight.nPrepare an outdoor grill, or preheat the broiler. Season the lamb with the salt and ground pepper and grill over high heat, or broil turning once, until brown and crispy, 12 to 15 minutes for mediumrare.nCut each cooked rack in half, and arrange so that the bones of the halves are interlaced. Alternatively, cut the racks into double chops.nPlace a mound of the Asian Ratatouille on a large platter and stand the racks or chops against it. Place a small amount of the Citrus Fennel next to the chops. Sauce with the Garlic Jus and drizzle everything with the Fennel Oil. Place the Shoestring Potatoes on top of the lamb and finish with the tomatoes and the chives.nPlace the eggplant, zucchini, and squash in 3 separate pans. Season with salt and let rest for 1 hour to allow the moisture to be released. Pat the vegetables dry. Prepare a saute pan coated with 1 tablespoon of oil over high heat. Add 12teaspoon garlic, 12teaspoon ginger, and the eggplant and saute until the eggplant is golden brown. Season with ground black pepper. Set aside. Repeat this process for both the zucchini and the squash. Then in a saute pan over medium high heat, cook the onion, remaining garlic, and ginger for 8 to 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and thyme and continue to cook for another 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool. Add the eggplant, zucchini, squash, Thai basil, basil, and soy sauce. Adjust the seasonings, being careful not to over salt, as the julienned vegetables received salt in the preliminary steps.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the fennel, orange juice, lemon juice, lime juice, canola oil, shallots. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the oil, and prepared fennel seeds and turmeric. Let stand 24 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPrepare an ovenproof saute pan over high heat. Add the oil, shallots, and garlic. Place the pan in the oven and roast for 10 minutes, turning occasionally to prevent burning. Remove the pan from the oven and return to the medium heat on the stovetop. Deglaze the pan with the wine, the balsamic vinegar, and Chinese vinegar, and then, reduce. Add the chicken stock, thyme, and further reduce by 12. Season the reduced sauce and then strain to remove the garlic and shallots.nJulienne the potatoes or using a sharp knife, cut them into thin strips. Fill a fryer or medium heavy pot 13 full with the oil and heat over high heat to 350 degrees F. Add the potatoes to the oil and fry until light brown, about 6 minutes. Drain on a paper towel and keep at room temperature.nWhen ready, heat oil to 425 degrees F and refry the fries until golden brown and crisp. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt., ingredients: [1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup dark soy sauce, 2 sprigs fresh thyme or 12 tablespoon dried, 14 cup finely chopped garlic, 2 medium sized shallots, sliced, 12 cup canola oil, 4 lamb racks, about 1 pound each, chine bone removed, Salt and black pepper, to taste, Asian Ratatouille, recipe follows, Citrus Fennel, recipe follows, Fennel Oil, recipe follows, Roasted Garlic Jus, recipe follows, Shoestring Potatoes, recipe follows, 12 cup tomatoes, seeds removed, cut into 14 dice, Chopped chives, for sprinkling, 2 medium sized Japanese eggplants, julienned, lengthwise, 2 zucchini, julienned, lengthwise, 2 yellow squash, julienned, lengthwise, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 2 12 teaspoons chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh ginger, 1 large yellow onion, julienned, 2 tomatoes, cut into 18 dice, 4 sprigs thyme, chopped, leaves only, 12 cup Thai basil, leaves only, 12 cup basil, leaves only, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 fennel bulb thinly sliced, 1 orange, juiced, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 lime, juiced, 12 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoons sliced shallots, Salt and pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons toasted and ground fennel seeds, Pinch ground turmeric, 6 cloves garlic, halved, 5 cloves shallots, halved, 1 cup red wine, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons black Chinese vinegar, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and pepper, 4 baking potatoes, like russets, Canola oil, for deep frying, Salt], title: Grilled New Zealand Lamb Rack with Asian Ratatouille, Shoestring Potatoes, and Roasted Garlic Infused Jus, picturelink: null}, 18630: {instructions: Boil the potatoes until fork tender not mushy. As soon as they are done, remove from the water and place in a dish. Remove the skin from the potatoes using a sharp knife or fork. Cut the potatoes into pieces and process the peeled, hot potatoes through a food mill using the medium disk.nPlace a mound of flour, about 2 12 cups to start, on your work surface a floured board. Place all of the processed potatoes on top of the flour. Knead the flourpotato mixture with your hands until the dough is smooth free of lumps, but yet still a little sticky. This recipe does not lend itself to making the dough in the food processor or mixer. Keep adding flour as necessary to obtain the desired consistency. The amount of the flour needed depends on how much water is in the potatoes, the moisture in the air, etc. Sometimes it can take up to 4 cups to obtain the right consistency. Keep kneading until it is right.nAfter kneading the dough, place it under a dry kitchen towel to keep it warm. Immediately start making the gnocchi. This dough must be used right away. Cut a small piece off of the dough. Roll the piece into a log that is approximately 12 to 16 inches long. The log should be about 12inch in diameter. You do not want it too wide or the gnocchi get too fat. Cut the log into pieces about 1inch long. You will end up with about 12 to16 gnocchi per log. The next step is to form the gnocchi.nTake a fork in your left hand if you are right handed, and hold it straight up with the tines facing towards the ceiling. With your index finger of your right hand, take 1 piece of gnocchi the 1inch pieces that you cut above, and starting at the top of the fork, roll the piece down the inside tine of the fork. This should be done with firm pressure not too firm as to smash the gnocchi, but firm enough to roll the piece down the fork and leave an indentation on the gnocchi. When you get to the base of the tines, release the gnocchi and let it drop to a floured tray. The completed gnocchi should be marked with the fork tines on 1 side of it and have a slight indentation from your index finger on the other side of it. This shape and marking allow the pasta to catch the sauce when you serve it.nProceed with all of the dough and make each piece as directed. This goes very fast once you get the hang of it. Let the pasta sit on the floured trays on you counter until ready to serve. However, serving time should be within 4 to 5 hours of making the gnocchi. Otherwise they will dry out and get tough.nTo serve, boil the gnocchi in lots of boiling, salted water. As soon as the pasta rises to the top, it is done. This is also very quick. Drain the cooked gnocchi in a colander or strainer. Place the cooked pasta in a serving platter and topmix with the sauce.nHeat olive oil in saucepan over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Add the chopped pancetta, red pepper flakes and parsley. Cook until the pancetta is cooked through and is slightly brown. Add the garlic cook for another 2 minutes.nProcess the tomatoes with their juice in the food processor. Pulse the tomatoes briefly until they are coarsely chopped. You do not want them to puree. Add to the cooked ingredients in the saucepan. Add salt to taste. Continue cooking on a low simmer for about 1 hour until the sauce has reduced and is somewhat thicker. You can keep cooking this for up to 3 hours. The longer you cook it, the thicker and richer it becomes. If you cook it too long, add water to reduce the thickness and you reach the desired consistency., ingredients: [2 large russet baking potatoes, 34 cups flour, Olive oil, 8 slices thick bacon thickness pancetta, chopped, 12 to 34 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, depending on you desire for spice, 14 cup fresh Italian parsley, chopped or 1 tablespoon dried parsley, 2 to 3 cloves chopped garlic, 2 28ounce cans whole Italian plum tomatoes, Salt], title: Gnocchi and Tomato Pancetta Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18631: {instructions: Heat the cream, sugar, vanilla, and vanilla seeds in a small saucepan only until the sugar is dissolved. Be sure the sugar is dissolved  you will no longer feel any grittiness from the sugar if you rub some cream between your fingers. Strain into a bowl, cover, and chill very well. Freeze the mixture in an ice cream freezer according to the manufacturers directions. Spoon into a freezer container and allow to chill in the freezer for a few hours. Allow to soften before serving., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 23 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Seeds scraped from 1 vanilla bean], title: Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 18632: {instructions: Put all ingredients in a bowl and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Chill, covered, for at least 1 hour.nCooks Note: Raitas are yogurt salads that are designed to counterbalance the spiciness of Indian foods., ingredients: [1 English hothouse cucumber, peeled and diced, 12 red bell pepper, finely diced, 6 ounces plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Cucumber and Red Bell Pepper Raita, picturelink: null}, 18633: {instructions: Beat 2 cups cream with 6 tablespoons sugar in a bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until it just holds soft peaks, 2 to 4 minutes. Reduce speed to low, then add mascarpone and mix until combined.nSpread 1 14 cups mascarpone mixture evenly in bottom of springform pan and cover with 14 wafers, slightly overlapping, if necessary. Spread with another 1 14 cups mascarpone mixture, followed by 14 more wafers arranged in the same manner. Spread remaining mascarpone mixture on top. Smooth top with a metal offset spatula, then cover pan with foil and freeze until firm, about 1 hour. Transfer from freezer to refrigerator and chill, covered, until a sharp knife inserted into center cuts through softened wafers easily, about 8 hours.nPulse remaining chocolate wafers in a food processor until finely ground.nBeat remaining cup cream with espresso powder and remaining 3 tablespoons sugar using electric mixer at medium speed until it just holds stiff peaks, about 3 minutes.nRemove foil and side of pan and frost cake all over with espresso cream. Sprinkle edge of top lightly with wafer crumbs. Serve cold., ingredients: [3 cups chilled heavy cream, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup mascarpone cheese about 9 ounces at room temperature, 1 9ounce box chocolate wafers recommended: Nabisco Famous, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, Special equipment: a 9 12 to 10inch springform pan about 26 cm], title: Espresso and Mascarpone Icebox Cake, picturelink: null}, 18634: {instructions: Roll out refrigerated pizza dough to 14inch thick cut into 3inch rounds. Top with chooped cooked broccoli and shredded cheddar. Brush the edges with beaten egg, fold in half and press to seal. Brush with egg and sprinkle with parmesan cheese. Poke a hole in each bake 20 minutes at 400 degrees F., ingredients: [], title: BroccoliCheddar Pockets, picturelink: null}, 18635: {instructions: Put a large piece of aluminum foil on a baking sheet arrange the fish fillets side by side on the foil and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt.nCombine the achiote paste, lime juice, orange juice, oregano, cumin, scallions, chile powder, vinegar and brown sugar in a blender pulse until smooth. Pour the mixture over the fish and turn to coat using tongs. Scatter the thyme sprigs and bay leaves over the fish, then top with orange slices. Cover the fish with another piece of foil and crimp the edges to tightly seal. Marinate in the refrigerator, 1 to 4 hours.nPosition a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 475 degrees F. Transfer the fish to the oven and bake until tender, about 25 minutes. Remove the herbs and orange slices. Serve the fish in tortillas with assorted toppings.nTrim 2 bunches spring onions halve lengthwise, if large. Cook in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat until tender and blackened, 5 to 8 minutes. Cut into pieces and sprinkle with lime juice and salt., ingredients: [1 12 pounds skinless mahi mahi fillets, cut into 3inch pieces, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons achiote or annatto paste or 1 tablespoon chili powder, Juice of 1 lime, 2 oranges 1 juiced 1 halved and sliced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 scallions, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon packed brown sugar, 8 sprigs thyme, 6 bay leaves, Corn tortillas, warmed, and assorted toppings, for serving], title: Citrus Mahi Mahi Tacos, picturelink: 2.uaWPVIoRSR0fcos1O6inCRbAWqpW}, 18636: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, simmer together peach nectar, ginger, lemon juice, and garlic cloves. Simmer for 20 minutes.nStrain out ginger and garlic.nPrepare ham for glaze. Rub Dijon mustard and then brown sugar on the ham.nPour glaze on bottom of pan and throw in sliced peaches for additional peach flavor.nPlace ham in oven for 1 12 hours. Every 10 to 20 minutes glaze ham with the glaze from bottom of pan to keep moist., ingredients: [3 cups peach nectar, 1 1inch piece ginger, smashed, 12 lemon, juiced, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 14pound precooked ham, 3 whole peaches], title: Peach Glazed Ham, picturelink: NnltERQjcsjVhOq.E3l4dxjGL9I6gYO}, 18637: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the sweet potatoes in a microwavesafe bowl with 2 tablespoons water. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and microwave until forktender, 10 minutes. Combine the sugar and 1 teaspoon each paprika and salt rub on the steak. Let sit 5 minutes.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the steak and sear until browned, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven cook 7 more minutes for medium rare. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes before slicing. Return the skillet to mediumhigh heat. Add the jalapeno brine and scrape up any browned bits. Stir in the butter set aside.nMeanwhile, heat a separate large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the sweet potatoes, bell pepper, the remaining 1 teaspoon smoked paprika and 12 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, until the sweet potatoes are browned, about 5 minutes. Add the jalapenos, scallions and parsley and cook 2 more minutes. Serve with the steak and reserved pan sauce.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [2 large sweet potatoes about 1 34 pounds, cut into 1inch chunks, 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, Kosher salt, 1 1 14pound boneless sirloin steak about 1 12 inches thick, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped pickled jalapenos, plus 2 tablespoons brine from the can, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 small yellow bell pepper, chopped, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Steak with Sweet Potato Hash, picturelink: kYN6CdKOlua.nP7.t3YhXoShAAJwNHC}, 18638: {instructions: In a large Dutch oven or saucepan, add olive oil and butter and heat. Add onions, celery and carrots and cook until very soft and beginning to caramelize. Mix together all of the meats. Add the meats to the pan and begin to brown. When the meat begins changing color and releasing its own liquids, add the milk. Cook until the milk is almost totally evaporatedit should just be moist around the edges of the meat, about 15 minutes. Add the wine. Add the tomato paste and stir well. Bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low and cook for 2 hours.nRoll out pasta dough to the thinnest setting on a pasta machine. Cut into strips that are 4inches wide and 8 inches long. Starting with the 4inch side, loosely roll the pasta into a tube that is about 4inches long and 2 12inches wide. Cut the open side into 14inch wide strips. Unroll the pasta and place in small bundles.nBring 6 quarts of water to a boil. Add salt to the water and return to a boil. Add the tagliatelle and cook for 5 minutes. Drain the tagliatelle and add to the bolognese sauce. Thin with a little pasta water, if necessary. Toss for 1 minute. Immediately serve in warm pasta bowls. Top with freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 12 cup butter, 1 cup onions, chopped small, 12 cup celery, chopped small, 14 cup carrots, chopped small, 14 pound pancetta, ground you can ask your butcher to do this, 1 pound veal, 12 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup white wine, 12 cup tomato paste, Tagliatelle, recipe follows, Parmigiano Reggiano], title: Tagliatelle al Ragu, picturelink: null}, 18639: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small skillet, toast the sliced almonds until just browned set aside.nCombine the herbs and lettuce in a bowl and toss to combine set aside.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together oil and vinegar and season well with salt and pepper. Drizzle dressing over salad and toss to coat. Taste, adjust seasoning as needed. Top with the cherries and almonds and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 5 ounces washed and dried lambs lettuce, stemmed aka corn salad or mache, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 cup dried tart cherries], title: Cherry, Almond, and Herb Salad, picturelink: FpFVAXvWogzQGxeGCTvMbt4Tu7frIm}, 18640: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 6 or 8cup souffle dishnPlace an oven rack in the lower third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Butter the souffle dish. Grease the bottom and sides of the dish with butter and then coat with 3 tablespoons of the sugar.nIn a medium heavy saucepan melt 6 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat until foamy. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Gradually whisk in the milk, cream and ground ginger. Cook, whisking constantly, until thick and smooth, about 2 minutes. Pour the milk mixture into a large bowl. Stir in the remaining 12 cup of sugar. Add the egg yolks, one at a time, whisking well after each addition. Stir in the crystalized and fresh ginger.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat the egg whites and cream of tartar until the mixture forms stiff peaks, about 2 minutes. Using a large spatula, fold the egg white mixture into the milk mixture. Pour the batter into the prepared dish. Place the dish on a rimmed baking sheet and bake, without opening the door, until puffed and golden, 20 to 25 minutes.nUsing a pastry brush, brush the top of the souffle with edible gold dust and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, at room temperature, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 12 cup whipping cream, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 6 large eggs, separated, at room temperature, 13 cup finely chopped crystallized ginger, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, Edible gold dust], title: Triple Ginger Souffle, picturelink: z9I9CfelB37Gw2b0Nr3QMGv.Y6259Wq}, 18641: {instructions: Melt white chocolate chips in a small doubleboiler and transfer to small bowl. Dip top and upper side tier of ice cream cone into melted chocolate. Before chocolate dries, roll coated areas of cone in small candy toppings to create a decorative layer. Allow to cool. Fill cone with lollipops and packaged candies. Slip filled cones into cellophane bags and tie with ribbon. Serve as party favors, Halloween treats, or for any special occasion., ingredients: [1 bag white chocolate morsels, Ice cream cones flat bottomed, Small chocolate candy toppings, nonpareils and sprinkles, Lollipops, sugar sticks and other small packaged candies, 4 by 9inch cellophane bags, 58inch sheer ribbon], title: Ice Cream Cone Favors, picturelink: null}, 18642: {instructions: Make the dough: Put the flour in a large bowl and make a well in the center. Mix the ricotta and egg in a small bowl with a fork add to the well. Using the fork and working your way around the well, gradually mix the flour into the ricotta mixture until the dough is crumbly. If the dough is too dry to come together, add up to 3 tablespoons water, a little at a time.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 6 minutes. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let rest at room temperature, 30 minutes. The dough can be made a day ahead and refrigerated bring it to room temperature before rolling.nDivide the dough into 8 pieces. Working with 1 piece at a time and keeping the other pieces wrapped, roll the dough on the counter with your hands into a 12inchthick log. With a knife or bench scraper, cut the log into 12inch pieces. Roll each piece into a small ball. Flatten each ball of dough with your finger. Place the back of a butter knife on the flattened dough and gently pull it toward you so the dough curls around the knife. Repeat to form the remaining cavatelli transfer to a floured baking sheet as you go.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Transfer the cavatelli to a colander and shake over the baking sheet to remove the excess flour. Add the cavatelli to the boiling water and cook until al dente, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add the asparagus and lemon zest and juice. Remove the cavatelli with a strainer or slotted spoon and add directly to the skillet along with 34 cup of the pasta cooking water. Cook, stirring gently, until the pasta is coated and the asparagus is tender, 3 to 4 minutes season with salt and pepper. Stir in the parmesan and parsley serve with more parmesan.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 8 ounces fresh ricotta cheese about 1 heaping cup, 1 large egg, Kosher salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 bunch asparagus, trimmed and thinly sliced leave the tips whole, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, Freshly ground pepper, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce, plus more for topping, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Cavatelli with Asparagus, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 18643: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a simmer over medium heat. Combine the egg yolks, sugar and orange zest in a large stainless steel or glass bowl. Set the bowl on top of the pot of water without letting the bowl touch the water. With a whisk or an electric hand mixer, begin whipping the yolks until foamy. Gradually pour in the cherry brandy and keep whipping until the custard has doubled in size and has thickened. Pour the custard into 4 dessert bowls or martini glasses. Refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes to set up. To serve, top with the crushed amaretti cookies, shaved chocolate, and cherries., ingredients: [6 egg yolks, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 orange, zested, 2 tablespoons cherry flavored brandy, Amaretti cookies, crushed, for garnish, Chocolate shavings, for garnish, Cherries, for garnish], title: Kicked Up Cherry Custard, picturelink: null}, 18644: {instructions: Place steak on grill or in oven and cook for about 3 minutes per side. Roast the potatoes in the oven until they are soft in the middle. In a pan, add oil and saute vegetables until al dente or cooked to a crisp. Season with salt. Add mushrooms and then add some white wine. Add the sweet potatoes and cook. Season vegetables with salt and pepper, to taste.nSalsa:nIn a small saucepan on low heat, add red wine and balsamic vinegar. Simmer until you reach a thick consistency. Add sugar and salt to your liking. To spice it up, add drops of hot sauce., ingredients: [About 10 12 ounces beef sirloin, 7 ounces potatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, About 14 cup freshly ground black pepper, About 14 cup diced leek, About 14 cup freshly diced green onions, About 14 cup red cabbage, thinly sliced, About 14 cup mushrooms, thinly sliced, White wine, to your liking, 2 grams sweet potatoes, thinly sliced, About 14 cup onions, About 14 cup or less soy sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Red wine, Balsamic vinegar, Pinch sugar, Pinch salt, Hot sauce, optional], title: Malena, picturelink: null}, 18645: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter the bottom and sides of a 9 12inch deepdish pie pan. Use a fork to beat the egg with 14 cup water in a small bowl until combined.nPut the flour and sugar in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until the mixture is uniform. Drop in the butter cubes, toss with a fork to coat in the flour mixture and pulse until the mixture is crumbly and moist, about 8 long pulses. Add half of the egg mixture and process about 15 seconds. Add the remaining egg mixture and process an additional 15 seconds. The batter should be homogenous but not too thick. Dont worry if it curdles a bit because of the brown sugar. It wont affect the batter.nSpread the batter in the prepared pan. Very lightly press the plums into the batter. Bake until the plums are tender and a cake tester or toothpick inserted in the middle of the cake comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool slightly and serve with whipped cream or ice cream if desired., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, cubed, at cool room temperature, plus more for the pan, 1 large egg, 34 cup sifted selfrising cake flour, 12 cup firmlypacked light brown sugar, 12 ounces ripe Italian prune plums, pitted and quartered about 12 plums, Whipped cream or ice cream, for serving, optional], title: Plum Cake, picturelink: null}, 18646: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSteam the potatoes, whole, for 20 minutes, until they are still firm yet easily pierced with a fork. Drain.nSpray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Place a potato on the tray, cut a small cross about 14inch deep into the potato and crush the potato with the back of a wooden spoon to flatten into a patty about 12inch thick. Try to crush it just enough so it stays together with most of its skin intact. Repeat with the remaining potatoes.nBrush the tops of the potatoes with the oil, sprinkle with salt and bake until crisp and golden, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [8 small gold creamer potatoes like Yukon gold, about 1 pound, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Golden Crushed Potatoes, picturelink: x0kjcfHitKAlno1xnBy1vEf63MnaFka}, 18647: {instructions: Follow Curlys microwave cooking instructions on package.nRemove Curlys cooked tub from your microwave be careful, its hot. Place ample servings of delicious Curlys Pulled Pork BBQ on top of your tasty, sesame seed buns.nTop Curlys BBQ with your favorite serving of cole slaw.nServe with your favorite sides of chips, pickle or porknbeans., ingredients: [1 tub of Curlys Famous Pulled Pork BBQ.YUM, Your favorite cole slaw, 6 sesame seed buns], title: Famous BBQ Sauced Pork Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 18648: {instructions: Combine tequila, lime juice, tomato juice, hot sauce and some pepper, to taste, and olive juice in a cocktail shaker and shake to combine. Pour over ice and garnish with olives, beans and cucumbers., ingredients: [2 shots good quality tequila, 12 lime, juiced, 6 ounces tomato juice or tomatovegetable juice cocktail, Hot sauce, Black pepper, 2 teaspoons olive juice, Large Spanish pimiento stuffed olives, for garnish, Spicy pickled beans, for garnish, 14 seedless cucumber cut into sticks, for garnish], title: Bloody Maria  Spanish Bloody Mary, picturelink: KGX9bDhPq7LmNT4kQW4q6nqgJvtDSNi}, 18649: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of an electric mixer and using the whisk attachment, beat the eggs, coconut, sugar, buttermilk, butter, flour and vanilla until well combined. Your mixture may look curdled but keep beating on high until it comes together it will still be chunky from the coconut.nPour the filling into the pie shell. Bake until lightly browned, the center of the pie doesnt jiggle when shaken lightly and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out moist but not covered with custard, 45 to 50 minutes. The coconut will rise to form a top crust during baking. Set the pie on a wire rack and cool completely before serving, about 1 hour., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 2 cups storebought frozen grated coconut, thawed, 112 cups sugar, 12 cup buttermilk, well shaken, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 deepdish unbaked 9inch pie shell, homemade or purchased], title: French Coconut Pie, picturelink: 6tZGmZ91mL5L6lZTRg96qQLRCwxoti}, 18650: {instructions: Slice steak into broad 18inch thick strips, about 1 inch wide and 6 inches long. In a small bowl combine steak strips with baking soda, crushed garlic cloves and 14 cup cold water. Mix well and soak 5 hours.nRinse steak slices and dry well on paper towels. In a small bowl mix together egg white and salt, stirring vigorously until egg white foams. Stir in sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon peanut oil and cornstarch. Add steak and toss to coat. Marinate 12 hour at room temperature. In another small bowl, combine thin soy sauce, Shao Hsing, remaining 4 teaspoons sugar, vinegar, sesame oil and sesame paste set aside.nIn a wok heat remaining 4 cups peanut oil over high heat to 375 degrees. Drain beef, pat dry then deepfry 45 seconds, turning pieces several times with a metal spoon. Using a slotted spoon, remove beef and drain on paper towels. When oil returns to 375 degrees, deepfry 15 seconds more, remove beef, and drain. Repeat deepfrying, 15 seconds, a third time. Remove beef and drain on clean paper towels. When oil returns to 375 degrees, deepfry asparagus and red bell pepper 30 seconds. Drain on paper towels.nDrain off all but 1 tablespoon oil from wok and increase heat to high. Add chili peppers, scallions, chopped garlic and chopped ginger stirfry 1 minute. Add asparagus and red pepper stirfry 10 seconds and add beef. Stir in soy sauce mixture, bring to a boil and serve immediately with rice., ingredients: [6 ounces shoulder steak, trimmed, frozen 30 minutes to 1 hour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 3 large cloves garlic, crushed plus 2 tablespoons chopped, 1 egg white, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 5 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon peanut oil plus 4 cups, for deepfrying, 34 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons thin soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Shao Hsing Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 2 teaspoons Chinese dark vinegar or balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 teaspoon Chinese sesame paste, 14 pound pencilthin asparagus tips 4 inches, 12 small red bell pepper, very thinly sliced about 13 cup, 4 dried red chili peppers, 3 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, Serving suggestion: Rice], title: Sesame Beef with Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 18651: {instructions: For the filling: Add the ricotta, Parmigiano and eggs and sprinkle with salt in a bowl. Adjust seasoning if needed. Put the filling in a pastry bag and reserve.nFor the pasta: Set the pasta roller on the widest setting 1. Start with half the pasta dough keep the other half covered until ready to use. Using your hands, flatten the dough as much as you can to facilitate it going through the pasta roller. Run the dough through the roller, twice dusting it in between rolls if it feels sticky. Fold the dough into thirds and turn it 90 degrees a quarter turn and run it through the pasta machine 2 to 3 times. Move the roller to the next setting 2 and run the pasta through. Dust lightly with flour if the dough feels sticky. Continue to run the dough through the machine reducing the opening or moving the setting to the next larger number in between every roll. Stop when you get to the correct thinness, this will usually be around number 5 or 6 on the dial, but every machine is different, you will have to be the judge of your own pasta thickness.nTo assemble the ravioli: Lay out the dough on a flat surface. Brush the lower half of the dough the part that is closest to you lightly with water. This is the glue that will hold the ravioli together. Use the glue sparingly, if you use too much the pasta will slide and not stick. Pipe 1inch balls of filling onto the pasta that has been brushed with water, leaving about 2 inches between each ball. Fold the top half of the pasta down over the filling to meet the bottom edge. Using your index fingers, poke around each filling ball to seal the ravioli shut, AND to make sure that there are no air bubbles. Using a fluted round cutter or a fluted pastry wheel or even a drinking glass, cut out each ravioli. Transfer to a sheet tray dusted with semolina or polenta and reserve until ready to use.nTo cook the ravioli and make the sauce: Add the butter to a large saute pan and bring to a medium heat. Add 1 cup of chicken stock and season with salt. Shake the pan to incorporate the butter and stock, and simmer until the stock has reduced a bit and the sauce looks velvety and is the consistency of heavy cream. If the sauce thickens too much, adjust the consistency with chicken stock. Add the sage and season with salt.nAdd the ravioli to the pot of boiling water and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Carefully remove the ravioli from the cooking water and put them immediately into the sauce. Bring the sauce to a boil, shaking frequently to be sure that the ravioli donTMt stick to the bottom of the pan.nTransfer the ravioli to a serving platter. Mangia BenenPut the flour on a clean, dry work surface. Make a hole this is also called a well in the center of the flour pile that is about 8 inches wide bigger is definitely better here. Crack all of the eggs and the yolk into the hole and add the olive oil, salt and water.nUsing a fork, beat the eggs together with the olive oil, salt and water. Using the fork, begin to incorporate the flour into the egg mixture be careful not to break the sides of the well or the egg mixture will run all over your board and you will have a big mess Also, dont worry about the lumps. When enough flour has been incorporated into the egg mixture that it will not run all over the place when the sides of the well are broken, begin to use your hands to really get everything well combined. If the mixture is tight and dry, wet your hands and begin kneading with wet hands. When the mixture has really come together to a homogeneous mixture, THEN you can start kneading.nWhen kneading it is VERY important to put your body weight into it, get on top of the dough to really stretch it and not tear the dough. Using the heels of your palms, roll the dough to create a very smooooooth, supple dough. When done, the dough should look VERY smooth and feel almost velvety. Kneading will usually take from 8 to 10 minutes for an experienced kneader and 10 to 15 for an inexperienced kneader. Put your body weight into it, you need to knead This is where the perfect, toothsome texture of your pasta is formed. Get in there and have funnWhen the pasta has been kneaded to the perfect consistency, wrap it in plastic and let rest for at least 1 hour. If using immediately do not refrigerate.nRoll and cut the pasta into desired shape. How smooth and supple, ingredients: [3 cups ricotta, 34 cup grated Parmigiano, 3 eggs, Kosher salt, 1 recipe Chef Annes Allpurpose Pasta Dough, recipe follows, Semolina, for dusting, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 to 1 12 cups chicken stock, 12 leaves fresh sage, torn, Kosher salt, 1 pound allpurpose flour, 4 whole eggs, plus 1 yolk, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 to 2 tablespoons water or more if needed], title: Basic Ravioli with a ButterSage Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18652: {instructions: Dissolve the brown sugar in 13 cup boiling water. Once the sugar is dissolved, add in 13 cup cold water to bring down the temperature.nIn a large mixing bowl, add the rice flour and make a well in the center. Stir in the brown sugar water and stir to combine. Once combined, knead the dough in the bowl for 5 minutes and shape into a ball. Dough should be soft, pliable and smooth add more flour or water if need be to adjust the consistency.nRoll the dough into a log, and then divide the log into 12 even pieces. Dust your hands with a little rice flour and form each piece into a ball roughly the size of a large walnut.nWith the palm of your hands, flatten the dough balls into disks. Place 14 teaspoon red bean paste and a piece of banana in the center of each of the disks. Gather the sides toward the center and pinch close. Gently roll in the palms of your hands to reshape into a ball. Repeat with the remaining balls. Once all the balls are filled and formed, roll in the sesame seeds to coat thoroughly.nHeat 3 inches of oil in a pot or wok to 350 degrees F, or until a piece of dough browns in 15 seconds.nDeepfry the sesame seed balls, a few at a time, until the sesame seeds are golden and the balls float to the surface, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Best served warm., ingredients: [13 cup brown sugar, 2 cups glutinous rice flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup sweetened red bean paste, 12 large ripe banana, cut into 12 small pieces, 12 cup white sesame seeds, plus more if needed, Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying], title: Sesame Balls with Red Bean Paste and Bananas, picturelink: null}, 18653: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter just the sides of a 9inch round cake pan.nFor the caramel topping: Stir the sugar and 13 cup water in a medium saucepan over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Stop stirring, and gently swirl the saucepan occasionally until the mixture is the color of deep amber, 8 to 9 minutes. If needed, brush any sugar crystals off the side of the pan with a wet pastry brush. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and carefully whisk in the butter take care: the mixture can bubble up considerably. Pour the caramel into the prepared cake pan, tilting the pan to cover most of the bottom be careful: the pan will be very hot from the caramel. Arrange the bananas in a single, tight layer, then cover any gaps with the remaining slices.nFor the cake: Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the milk and sour cream in a small bowl.nBeat the butter and sugar together with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating after each addition and scraping down the side of the bowl as needed, then beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low, and add the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the milksour cream mixture, mixing until just incorporated.nPour the batter over the bananas in the cake pan, and spread evenly. Bake the cake until it is golden brown and bounces back when pressed and a toothpick or cake tester comes out clean when inserted in the center, 50 to 60 minutes. Run a knife around the edge of the cake to separate it from the pan. Poke the cake all over with a skewer, and brush the cake with the rum. Let cool in the pan on a rack until just cool enough to handle, 20 to 30 minutes. Invert a serving platter over the cake pan and, while holding them together, quickly flip them over so the cake unmolds, bananaside up. Let cool completely. Cut into wedges, and serve., ingredients: [23 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 3 medium bananas, cut on a slight bias into 14inchthick slices, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup milk, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons dark rum], title: UpsideDown Bananas Foster Cake, picturelink: dmqtxDz6onMEavsmPapstXOJLE30KS}, 18654: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring constantly, until the edges start turning golden, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste to the skillet and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the red pepper flakes, then add 1 12 cups of the boiling water stir to dissolve the tomato paste. Simmer until reduced by half, about 5 minutes, adding the peas halfway through. Season with salt.nMeanwhile, add the pasta to the boiling water and cook until softened but not cooked through, 2 to 4 minutes. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain. Add the pasta to the skillet along with the basil toss over medium heat, adding more of the reserved cooking water if needed, until the pasta is al dente. Remove from the heat and stir in 14 cup parmesan. Top each serving with basil and the remaining parmesan.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 10 ounces angel hair pasta, 12 cup fresh basil, roughly chopped, plus more for topping, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce], title: GarlicTomato Pasta with Peas, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 18655: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a saucepot over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, chiles and ginger to the pan and cook to soften, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the apples, dark brown sugar, thyme, maple syrup, cider vinegar, lemon juice, a little salt and nutmeg. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until a thick sauce forms, 15 to 20 minutes. Adjust the seasoning and transfer to a serving dish., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium onions, chopped, 2 Fresno chile peppers, seeded and finely chopped, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, grated or minced, 6 medium Braeburn or Gala apples, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 14 cup dark amber maple syrup, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt, Freshly grated nutmeg], title: Spicy Apple Chutney, picturelink: null}, 18656: {instructions: Saute the celery in butter on low to medium heat until the celery becomes tender. Add the onion, bell pepper, spices, and garlic. When everything is well blended, turn the heat up to mediumhigh and blend in the flour to form a roux around the vegetables. Cook thoroughly until the roux starts to brown slightly. Add the crawfish stock and heavy cream a little at a time until all of the stock and the cream are added. Finish by adding the crawfish tail meat. Simmer on low heat for approximately 15 minutes.nServe over rice andor French bread and garnish with parsley.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 bunch celery, medium diced, 14 pound unsalted butter, 12 large onion, medium diced, 2 bell peppers, medium diced, 2 tablespoons Creole seasoning recommended: Tony Chachere, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups crawfish stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 pounds freshly picked, steamed crawfish tail meat, Steamed rice andor French bread, for serving, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Darwells  Crawfish Etouffee, picturelink: null}, 18657: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mash the sweet potatoes with a fork, and mix in the cream cheese, brown sugar if using, lemon juice, and pinch of salt until creamy. Remove the dough from the tube and separate into 4 rectangles. Working with 1 rectangle at a time, roll over the perforated lines in the dough to seal together. Cut the rectangle in half and then cut the halves into 2 triangles. Place a heaping teaspoon of sweet potato filling in the center of each of 4 triangles. Fold the dough over on each, as if you were making ravioli, and pinch the edges together.nContinue making little triangle empanadas with the rest of the dough, 16 total. Place the triangles on a parchmentlined baking sheet and into the preheated oven. Bake the empanadas until golden, about 10 to 12 minutes. Meanwhile, in a shallow bowl, mix together the sugar, cinnamon, and pinch of salt. While still warm, brush the empanadas with melted butter, and then gently toss in the cinnamonsugar mixture. Serve the empanadas with tangy plain yogurt for dipping., ingredients: [12 cup sweet potatoes, mashed or pureed, 14 cup cream cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt, 1 tube refrigerated readymade crescent rolls uncooked dough, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 cup butter, melted, 34 cup plain yogurt], title: Sweet Potato Empanadas, picturelink: VZuUP6IVcB1tmXVYZ9cSUmyRjgPzlE2}, 18658: {instructions: Heat a large wok over high heat. Place the chicken, spinach, tomatoes and avocado in the wok and toss. Add the hot sauce and stir fry for 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [6 ounces grilled chicken breast, diced, 2 cups raw fresh spinach, 1 cup grape or cherry tomatoes, 12 avocado, diced, 2 ounces hot sauce, any brand you prefer], title: Spicy Stir Fry, picturelink: null}, 18659: {instructions: In a large paella pan over medium heat, add olive oil and then fresh sausage. Saute for about 5 to 8 minutes, or until sausage is well browned. Add chicken and dried sausage to pan and saute 5 to 8 minutes, or until chicken starts to brown. Add the shrimp and saute just until the shrimp begin to turn red and curl, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove all meats from paella pan, using a slotted spoon, and place them on cookie tray to cool.nIn the now empty paella pan, sweat the carrots, onions, and celery for about 15 minutes. Add garlic and saute with vegetables for another 2 minutes. Add the risotto rice, stir and saute until the grains are a pearly white. Add white wine, and allow to cook down until almost completely gone. Then begin to add broth, about 2 ladles at a time, every 7 to 8 minutes unti1 35 to 40 minutes have passed, or until broth is fully incorporated into rice and vegetables and rice is tender but al dente.nStir meat and seafood back in before serving.n1 pinch saffronnPreheat a large sauce pot over mediumhigh heat. Add ham hocks and olive oil. Allow to caramelize, both sides, for about 10 to 20 minutes. Add carrots, onions and celery, stir in thoroughly. Slice bulb of garlic in half. With wooden spoon, push mixture aside to create room at bottom of pot for caramelizing the garlic. Place each side of the garlic into pot, garlic side down. Leave to caramelize for about 10 minutes. Mix in paprika, tomato paste, tomato puree, chicken stock, bay leaves, and water. Allow to simmer for another 45 minutes.nSkim off any fat that has formed and add saffron. Allow to simmer for another 30 minutes. Strain and refrigerate to cool.nYield: 10 to 12 cups, ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 8 mild Italian sausages, roughly chopped into 1inch rounds, 1 pound dried sausage, roughly chopped, 7 chicken breasts, seasoned to taste with paprika, salt and pepper on both sides,, cut into 1 12inch chunks, 20 peeled, iced uncooked shrimp seasoned to taste with paprika, salt and pepper, 2 carrots, finely minced, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 celery stalks, finely minced, 10 cloves garlic, minced, 6 cups arborrio ricerisotto, 3 cups white wine, Ham hock flavored broth, recipe follows, Freshly ground black pepper, Grey Salt, 6 ham hocks, 2 roughly cut onions, 1 12 cups olive oil, 2 carrots, roughly chopped, 2 celery stalks, roughly cut, 1 bulb garlic, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 8ounce cans tomato puree, 2 32ounce cartons chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, 4 cups water], title: Spanish Style Paella, picturelink: GBNW6adHFgCYFE67yBusXZ4FeCEMHm}, 18660: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace whole potatoes in saucepan of cold water. Bring to the boil, add a good pinch of salt, and cook for about 12 minutes, or until just tender. Drain, allow to cool completely, and thinly slice.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in an 8inch nonstick ovenproof frying pan over medium heat. Add the onion, and cook until soft and translucent, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook another 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Continue cooking until the onions become a little caramelized, and are reduced to a quarter in volume. You dont want to let anything get too brown. Remove the onions from the pan, and set aside.nPrepare the mackerel by peeling the skin off one side and breaking into smallish pieces with your hands.nAdd the remaining oil to the pan, and layer up, alternating the potato slices, onions and mackerel chunks. Aim for at least 3 or 4 layers.nWhisk the eggs, cream, salt, and pepper in a bowl, and pour over the layers, lifting the bottom a little to encourage even distribution. Let cook 2 minutes or so on the burner to get a nice base and start to cook the sides. Place the pan in the oven for 25 to 35 minutes, or until browned, and cooked through. When its ready the edges will be browning, and the top will be puffed up with no signs of runny egg.nRun a sharp knife around the edge and inverting a serving platter on top of the pan, flip the tortilla over, and turn out onto the platter, and slice into wedges.nThis dish is great served hot out of the oven or equally good served up cold or at room temperature as leftovers., ingredients: [6 medium potatoes, scrubbed, but not peeled, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large onions, peeled, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, minced, 3 small smoked mackerel fillets, broken apart in chunks, 9 eggs, 14 cup whipping cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Holy Mackerel Tortilla, picturelink: null}, 18661: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Roast the almonds and hazelnuts separately for about 10 to 15 minutes or until you get the aroma of roasted nuts. Remove them from the oven. While hazelnuts are still hot, , rub their skins off between 2 kitchen towels. Lower the oven to 325 degrees.nIn a food processor, grind the nuts together with the sugar until finely chopped. Do not overprocess or they will turn oily. Fold 2 tablespoons of flour into them and set aside.nGenerously butter a nonstick jelly roll pan either 13 x 17 inches or 12 by 15 12 inches. Line the pan with silcone treated baking paper or parchment.nBeat egg whites with a pinch of salt until stiff and fold beaten egg whites into the ground nut and sugar mixture along with remaining 2 tablespoons of flour. Spread this on prepared baking pan and bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until golden brown, crisp on top but still pliable.nRemove cake from oven and, using pot holders to protect your hands, immediately turn pan upside down onto a clean kitchen towel. Let cake settle for a few minutes and remove parchment paper. If cake breaks, dont despair you can glue it back together later with icing.nWhen slightly cool, cut the cake into 4 long vertical strips, each about 3 inches wide and however long your baking pan was.nWhile chocolate is still warm, mix it with 34 cup of heavy cream to form a ganache refrigerate just until cool enough to be of spreading consistency. In a mixing bowl combine praline paste with remaining 14 cup of heavy cream and set aside.nWhip remaining cup of heavy cream with confectioners sugar and vanilla.nAssemble cake: Set one strip of cake on a long board or platter. Set strips of waxed paper underneath edges to catch any icing dripsnSpread 13 of chocolate cream. Top with second layer of cake, spread with plain vanilla whipped cream.nSpread third strip of cake with praline cream, then place it on top of whipped cream layer. Top with 4th strip of cake.nRefrigerate cake to firm it up before final icingnFrost top and sides of cake except for short ends. Decorate top by making vertical lines or cross hatch marks on top of the cake with a knife or tines of a fork.nCut off a thin slice from each end to even up ends. Protect ends of cake with plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator until serving time. Cut with serrated knife.n3 FILLINGS FOR MICHELES HOLIDAY CAKE ., ingredients: [8 large egg whites, at room temperature, 7 ounces blanched almonds, 5 ounces hazelnuts, 1 14 cups sugar, 4 tablespoons flour, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 pound bittersweet chocolate, melted in a double boiler until soft and pliable, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 cup praline paste a roasted hazelnut paste available at Maison Glass], title: Micheles Holiday Cake, picturelink: null}, 18662: {instructions: Special equipment: lollipop or popsicle sticksnTo make the caramelized onions: To a pan over mediumlow heat, add the onions and olive oil and cook slowly until caramelized, about 40 minutes. Add the maple syrup, mix and remove from the heat.nTo make the potatoes: Boil the potatoes in salted water until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and let cool. Pass the potatoes through a ricer, or mash them by hand. Set aside.nTo make the cherry glaze: Heat a pot over medium heat, and add the cherries, vanilla bean and port. Simmer over mediumlow heat until saucy, 10 to 15 minutes.nTo make the croquettes: In a deep pot, heat the duck fat to 375 degrees F. In a bowl, mix the potatoes, butter, egg yolks, foie gras, caramelized onions, fleur de sel and pepper. Roll the mixture into balls about the size of a golf ball, dip in the beaten egg and coat with panko. Fry the croquettes until golden, about 1 minute.nStab each croquette with a stick, dip in the cherry glaze and serve., ingredients: [2 red onions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 4 russet potatoes, peeled and cubed, Salt, 1 pound Bing cherries, pitted and roughly chopped, 12 vanilla bean, 13 cup port, 3 cups duck fat or canola oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 egg yolks, 6 ounces foie gras torchon, diced into 12inch cubes, 12 teaspoon fleur de sel, Freshly cracked pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cups honey panko breadcrumbs], title: Foie Gras Lollipops, picturelink: null}, 18663: {instructions: In a ziptop bag, combine onethird of the garlic, the olive oil, a large pinch of salt and pepper, and the shrimp. Marinate for 1 hour in the refrigerator.nMeanwhile, add the remaining garlic, the orange juice and chipotle to a saucepot over medium heat. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced to a thin glaze, 10 to 13 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Remove the shrimp from the marinade, letting the excess drip back into the bag discard the marinade. Place the shrimp on the hot grill pan and cook until opaque on both sides and grill marks appear, about 2 minutes per side.nRemove the shrimp to a bowl, add the orange glaze, cilantro and lime juice, and toss to coat. Transfer to a serving platter and serve with baguette slices., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound large shrimp 1620 count, peeled and deveined, tails on, 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 teaspoon adobo sauce from a can of chipotle chiles, more to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus for garnish, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Baguette slices, for serving], title: OrangeChipotle Shrimp, picturelink: SiaU2pVeec7hcoifHokz3w3wrdxkrga}, 18664: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the lamb chops: Combine the brown sugar, garlic, cilantro, soy sauce, ginger, chili pepper, Chinese five spice and salt to taste. Massage into the lamb chops for 5 to 10 minutes, and then let marinate 4 to 6 hours in the refrigerator.nFor the pasta: Cook the fusilli pasta according to package instructions. Drain.nMeanwhile, in a large saucepan, heat the olive oil and butter over mediumhigh heat. Cook the garlic for 1 minute without browning, and then add the zucchini and carrots. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the drained pasta and cook for another minute.nAdd the heavy cream, bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Just before serving, add the cilantro, Parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Heat the broiler and broil the chops to the doneness of your liking, 2 to 3 minutes per side for medium rare. Serve 2 or 3 chops over each serving of pasta., ingredients: [2 cups brown sugar, 34 cup fresh garlic, minced, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, minced, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon peeled and minced fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon red chili pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon Chinese five spice powder, Salt, 8 to 12 lamb chops 2 to 3 per person, One 12ounce bag fusilli pasta, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 medium zucchini, julienned, 1 medium carrot, peeled and julienned, 6 cups heavy cream, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, Salt and ground pepper], title: Asian Lollipop Lamb Chops, picturelink: 8dcSqk0ndAhlNLigikIoVImjit3iu}, 18665: {instructions: Slit chiles and remove seeds. Chop 2 of the chiles into fine dice and mix with the salt, garlic, and oregano. New Mexicans traditionally like to leave a few seeds in the dish. The seeds give it life, they say.nWith a very sharp knife, cut a horizontal pocket into the steak. Stuff the chopped chiles into the pocket. Brush the meat and the remaining chile with canola oil. Grill the steak on both sides to desired doneness. If using buffalo, watch carefully so as not to overcook because it contains less fat than beef it cooks much faster and is best mediumrare.nSalt and pepper the meat. Grill the remaining wholeroasted chili to get a nice grid mark on it. Lay it across steak for garnish. A teaspoon of butter on the steak as a special treat is heaven. To make brown butter, simply place the butter in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat and allow to melt and turn golden brown., ingredients: [3 green Anaheim chiles, roasted and peeled, Salt, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Pinch dried Mexican leaf oregano, 10 to 12ounce thick cut New York strip, top sirloin, or tenderloin of beef or buffalo steak, 12 teaspoon canola oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon butter, optional], title: Gonzales Steak, picturelink: null}, 18666: {instructions: Special equipment: a waffle ironnFor the chicken soak mixture: Stir together the buttermilk, Dijon, paprika, cayenne and salt in a large bowl. Add the chicken pieces and submerge them to coat. Allow to sit for at least 30 minutes but ideally as long as possible up to 2 hours at room temperature or up to 8 hours, refrigerated.nFor the flour mixture: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F set a rack in a rimmed baking sheet.nCombine the flour, baking soda, salt and mustard powder in a bowl. Remove the chicken from the soak mixture and add to the flour mixture, turning to coat. Remove, dip again in the soak mixture and then again in the flour mixture.nHeat 1 12 inches of oil in a very large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. When hot, shallowfry the chicken, turning once, until golden brown and an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part avoid bone registers 165 degrees F, around 15 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to the prepared baking sheet and place in the oven to finish cooking through, if necessary.nFor the waffles: Preheat a waffle iron. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, Cheddar, butter, egg yolks and scallions. Add the wet ingredients to the dry and mix together. In a separate bowl, beat the egg whites until stiff. Gently fold the egg whites into the batter. Ladle mixture into the waffle iron and cook until the waffles are golden and cooked through.nServe the chicken with the waffles on the side., ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 1 cup Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons salt, One 2 12 to 4pound fryer chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, Canola oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 34 cup shredded yellow Cheddar, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 large eggs, separated, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced], title: Cheddar Scallion Waffles and Dijon Buttermilk Fried Chicken, picturelink: zEN1pIKxIlkPP0igyZkR2Ro33bmmu2}, 18667: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8by4inch loaf pan with butter and line the bottom and 2 sides with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In a large bowl, cream together the granulated sugar and eggs. Stir in the mashed bananas, oil, cinnamon and vanilla. Stir in the flour mixture a third at a time and mix until just combined. Fold in the sliced bananas.nPour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until a skewer inserted in the center comes out mostly clean some moist crumbs should stick to it, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Let cool completely.nMeanwhile, combine the butter, brown sugar and 2 tablespoons water in a saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Remove from the heat and stir in the rum.nWhile the bread is cooling, poke it all over with a skewer. Brush with half of the rum sauce and allow it to sit and soak through. Remove the banana bread from the loaf pan once cool, slice and serve with a scoop of ice cream and a drizzle of the remaining rum sauce., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the pan, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 4 very ripe bananas, 3 mashed, 1 cut into 14inch rounds, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 14 cup loosely packed brown sugar, 14 to 12 cup rum, Ice cream, for serving], title: Bananas Foster Banana Bread Sundae, picturelink: Dzs7pRJlhoM0NFMtcOGoxWy3rK3G2a}, 18668: {instructions: For the kimchi slaw: Combine the Napa cabbage, kimchi, cilantro, sesame seeds, mint, rice vinegar and soy sauce in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow flavors to meld.nFor the orangeglazed short ribs: Lay the short ribs out on a baking sheet, drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with the cumin, five spice, salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes.nCombine the orange juice, ginger and garlic in a small saucepan, season with salt and pepper and cook until reduced to about 12 cup of glaze, about 30 minutes. Stir in the honey, strain into a bowl and let cool slightly. Discard the ginger and garlic.nHeat a nonstick pan with the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil over medium heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the eggs and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the whites set and the yolks are slightly firm, about 2 minutes. Flip the eggs over and continue to cook for about 40 seconds longer. Transfer to a warm plate and reserve. Trim if desired.nHeat a grill pan over high heat. Lay the ribs on the grill pan and cook until golden brown and just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side, brushing with the orange glaze several times. Trim the bones and set aside.nFor the kochujang glaze: Whisk together the kochujang, honey and vinegar. Set aside.nTo serve: Put 2 ribs in the center of each lettuce wrap, top with some kimchi slaw and an egg and drizzle with the kochujang glaze. Garnish with more toasted sesame seeds, chopped mint and cilantro, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup Napa cabbage, finely shredded, 12 cup kimchi, chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 14 cup sesame seeds, lightly toasted, plus more for garnish, 6 leaves fresh mint, chopped, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 14 pounds Koreanstyle beef short ribs see Cooks Notes, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground Chinese five spice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh orange juice, 2inch piece fresh ginger, coarsely chopped, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, 2 tablespoons honey, 6 large eggs, Butter lettuce leaves, for serving, 12 cup kochujang see Cooks Notes, 2 tablespoon clover honey, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar], title: OrangeGlazed Shortribs with Kimchi Slaw, picturelink: WqlzzhmmGbRkw8aaftkrVk0DQodH79m}, 18669: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 9inch pie plate with nostick cooking spray. Combine muffin mix, butter and peanuts in large bowl. Blend with fork just until crumbly. Press evenly into bottom and up sides of prepared pie plate.nBAKE 12 to 15 minutes or until light golden brown. If crust is slightly puffy, press down gently with back of a wooden spoon. Cool.nBEAT peanut butter, cream cheese and sugar in large bowl with electric mixer at medium high speed until smooth. Beat in milk. Gently fold in whipped topping. Spoon into cooled crust. Drizzle warm fudge topping over pie. Chill 3 to 4 hours or until serving., ingredients: [em, Crust:, em, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 7.4 oz. pkg. Martha Whiteu00ae Chocolate Chip Muffin Mix, 13 cup salted peanuts, chopped, Filling:, 4 tbsps. butter, softened, 12 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 1 3 oz. package cream cheese, 13 cup sugar, 3 tbsps. milk, 2 cups frozen whipped topping, thawed, Topping:, 2 tbsps. Smuckersu00ae Hot Fudge Microwaveable Topping, warmed], title: Chocolate Chip Peanut Butter Pie, picturelink: E6Zy.eQd.9izLqFDFGiNJKQhVgIqUa.}, 18670: {instructions: Slice the cake into halfinch layers cut the cake layers in such a way that you can form a large oval 12  inch thick and 1 inch larger all around than your ice cream mold. Arrange the oval on the platter, cover airtight with plastic wrap, and set aside. Be sure oven is preheated to 450 degrees in time for step 2. Beating the meringue: Start beating the egg whites at moderate speed until they are foaming, beat in the salt and cream of tartar, then gradually increase speed to fast until egg whites form soft peaks. Gradually beat in the sugar, sprinkling in 14 cup at a time, beating half a minute between additions. After all has gone in, add vanilla, and continue beating for several minutes at high speed until eggs form stiff, shiny peaks. Set aside icecream mold in a basin of tepid water, run a knife around edge, and unmold the sherbet or ice cream upon the cake in the platter. Immediately spread the meringue over it with a spatula, starting at bottom of cake and bringing it up to a peak at the top of the dessert. Meringue should be about 1 inch thick over the sherbet or ice cream, in order to insulate it from the heat of the oven. Sieve confectioners sugar all over surface of meringue, making a layer about 116  inch thick. Browning: Set in uppermiddle level of preheated 450 degree oven for 3 to 4 minutes, to brown meringue lightly. Just before serving, place a sparkler on top of the baked Alaska and light., ingredients: [1 12 quarts sherbet or ice cream frozen in a melon shaped mold about 12 inches long, 1 round 8 by 112 inches store bought genoise or sponge cake, Ovenproof serving platter or tray 16 to 18 inches long, 10 egg whites 1 13 cups at room temperature, and in an eggbeating bowl in time for step 2, 2 pinches salt, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 12 cups sugar, superfine, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup confectioners sugar in a finemeshed sieve, 1 sparkler], title: Baked Alaska, picturelink: null}, 18671: {instructions: Mix the soy sauce, sesame oil and wine, in a medium bowl, set aside. Mince the ginger, garlic, and red pepper flakes in a mini chopper.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over high heat until very hot, about 2 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil, the celery and cashews. Season with 14 teaspoon salt, and stirfry until the celery turns jade green, about 3 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a plate.nReturn the skillet to high heat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the shrimp and the remaining 12 teaspoon salt, and stirfry until shrimp turn pink and curl up, about 2 minutes. Add the gingergarlic mixture and the scallion whites, and stirfry until fragrant, about 1 minute. Return the celery and cashews to the pan with most of the scallion greens and the reserved soy sauce mixture and stir over the heat for about 1 minute to mix together evenly and blend flavors. Mound the mixture on a platter and garnish with the remaining scallion greens., ingredients: [1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil, 1 tablespoon Shao Hsing rice cooking wine, or pale dry sherry, 1inch piece peeled fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, 12 to 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 ribs celery, thinly sliced about 3 cups, 34 cup roasted salted cashews 4 ounces, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound peeled and cleaned medium shrimp, 3 scallions, thinly sliced white and green, separated], title: Spicy Shrimp, Celery, and Cashew Stirfry, picturelink: null}, 18672: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large saucepan or Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp, 6 to 8 minutes per side. Drain on a paper towellined plate and let cool, then crumble and set aside. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon drippings from the saucepan reserve the drippings. Increase the heat to medium high, add the beef and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon wipe out the pan.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the reserved bacon drippings in the saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and 1 teaspoon salt and cook 2 minutes. Add the chili powder, cumin, paprika, oregano and tomato paste and cook, stirring, until the tomato paste is brick red, about 6 minutes add a splash of water if the mixture begins to stick. Add the beer and simmer until almost completely reduced, about 3 minutes.nStir in the beef and any juices from the plate add the cocoa powder, tomatoes, beef broth and beans and bring to a simmer over low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the chili thickens slightly, about 1 hour, 30 minutes.nStir the hot sauce into the chili and season with salt. Add some beef broth if the chili is too thick. Ladle into bowls and top with the crumbled bacon, cheese, scallions andor sour cream.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 slices bacon, 2 pounds ground beef chuck, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 14 cup chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12ounce bottle amber beer, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 12 cups lowsodium beef broth, plus more if needed, 2 15ounce cans black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Shredded cheddar cheese, sliced scallions andor sour cream, for topping optional], title: Chili Con Carne, picturelink: aMKCNDcCjYxkNoVw9Gbm8JT92f0EuGS}, 18673: {instructions: Prepare an outdoor grill with a hot fire.nGrill the tomato and garlic halves, turning as needed, until charred all over, about 6 minutes. Set garlic aside. Wrap tomato in foil and set aside.nBrush the zucchini, yellow squash, eggplant slices, and pepper strips generously with the 12 cup olive oil. Season with 1 tablespoon salt and black pepper to taste. Grill the vegetables over direct heat until kissed by the grill and just tender, 2 to 3 minutes per side.nChop the tomato and put it in a large bowl, along with the skin and juices. Squeeze the garlic from its skin, chop, and add to tomato. Dice the rest of the vegetables into large pieces and add to tomato. Drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, vinegar, basil, and thyme. Season with salt and pepper to taste and toss gently, taking care not to overwork the vegetables. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 large ripe tomato, 1 head garlic, halved lengthwise, 1 large zucchini, sliced lengthwise into 12inchthick strips, 1 yellow squash, sliced lengthwise into 12inchthick strips, 1 small eggplant, sliced lengthwise into 12inchthick strips, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced into wide strips, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 cup fresh basil, torn into pieces, 1 12 teaspoons roughly chopped fresh thyme], title: Grilled Ratatouille Salad, picturelink: Kv4W.St2VzhBpECKFl2QtUyBCdApNDq}, 18674: {instructions: Combine the milk and half of the sugar in a medium saucepan and bring to just below the boiling point. Combine the egg yolks and remaining sugar in a bowl and beat until pale and ribbons form. Bring the milk back to the boil and pour in a thin stream onto egg yolks and sugar whisking steadily.nPour the mixture into a double boiler and stir until it thickens and coats the back of a spoon. Plunge the base of the pan into cold water. Transfer the custard to a jug and cover, chill and pour in the chilled cream.nStir in the brandy and churn in the icecream maker until it is the consistency of whipped cream. Crumble in the pudding and churn for a further five seconds. Scrape into a box and freeze for 1 to 2 hours. Chill the bomb mold. Remove mold from freezer and line each half with pudding mixture. Top each half with a brandybuttersugar mixture. Put halves together and close bomb. Allow to freeze hard. Turn out, pour some brandy over and ignite., ingredients: [12 fluid ounces milk, 3 12 ounces soft brown sugar, 3 egg yolks, 6 fluid ounces heavy cream, whipped and chilled, 1 tablespoon brandy, plus more for glue mixture and to ignite, 6 ounces Christmas pudding, chopped, Sugar and butter mixture for glue], title: Christmas Pudding IceCream Bomb, picturelink: null}, 18675: {instructions: Soften and dissolve yeast in a little warm water. Mix lard, flour, salt and dissolved yeast in a large bowl. Add warm water a little at time kneading to even out all ingredients. Let dough rise in bowl, covered with a heavy cloth and set near a warm place for approximately 5 to 6 hours.nAfter dough has risen, punch down the dough and let rise once more, after the dough has risen a second time, divide the dough, shape into loaves and place in greased loaf pans, cover with a cloth and let rise 1 more time in warm place.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake for approximately 50 to 60 minutes or until tops are browned and loaves sound hollow when tapped., ingredients: [1 package dry yeast, 2 cups warm water, 4 tablespoons lard, Approximately 8 cups white all purpose flour, 2 tablespoons salt], title: Pueblo Oven Bread, picturelink: null}, 18676: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Grease and flour cookie sheets. In an electric mixer cream butter and sugar. Stir in egg yolks and almond extract. Add flour, blend well. Divide dough in half and add green coloring to one half and red coloring to the other half. Be careful not to add too much colorings. These should be a pretty light green and a pretty pink. Pinch off small balls of dough, roll between palms of hands into acorn shape, pointed at the bottom. Bake until shininess has disappeared and cookie is solid, approximately 10 minutes. Remove from pan and cool. Dip wide end of cookie in melted chocolate some in white and some dark chocolate. Place on waxed paper until chocolate has hardened.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [1 cup butter, 23 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 2 to 3 drops green food coloring, 2 to 3 drops red food coloring, 2 12 cups flour, 6 ounces white chocolate chips, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips], title: ChocoCrowned Acorns, picturelink: null}, 18677: {instructions: Beat the butter and mayonnaise in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, on high, until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. With the mixer on low, slowly add the melted chocolate. Continue mixing on low speed until all of the chocolate is incorporated, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed.nTurn off the mixer and add onethird of the sugar. Mix on low to combine, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Repeat until all of the sugar has been incorporated. Add the salt and continue to beat until the frosting is smooth and lightens slightly in color, 2 to 3 minutes.nUse immediately or store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 4 hours or refrigerate for up to a week. Bring to room temperature before using chilled frosting., ingredients: [5 12 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 ounce mayonnaise, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled slightly, 8 ounces powdered sugar, Pinch kosher salt], title: Chocolate Frosting for Devils Food Cake, picturelink: null}, 18678: {instructions: In food processor, chop up salmon into a paste. Add cream cheese, salt and pepper, and creme fraiche to make a mixture loose enough to pipe out into cucumber boats. Peel cucumbers and halve lengthwise. Slice cucumbers into 2inch lengths. Use melon baller to scoop out the cucumber to make into small canoeshapes. Spoon salmon mixture into pastry bag fitted with a with star tip, and pipe mixture into each cucumber canoe. Top with a small amount of pineapple., ingredients: [34 pound Norwegian smoked salmon, 8 ounces soft cream cheese, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons creme fraiche or sour cream, 2 cucumbers, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh or drained canned pineapple], title: Cucumber Canoes of Salmon Mousse, picturelink: m9qk9iwHAztWlHCnNe4k7Yvp8y4S18.}, 18679: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: Whisk the oil, vinegar, paprika, salt and pepper in a small bowl until smooth.nFor the couscous: Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large saucepan. Cook the couscous, stirring frequently, until golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Add 2 cups water and the salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cover and simmer until the couscous is just tender and the liquid is absorbed, 9 to 10 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly.nMix together the spinach, tomatoes, cheese, peppers, parsley, almonds and mint in a large bowl. Add the couscous and the dressing. Toss until all the ingredients are coated. Transfer to a large serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 13 cups 8 ounces Israeli couscous, sometimes called pearl couscous or maftoul, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups packed baby spinach leaves, coarsely chopped, 12 ounces grape tomatoes, cherry tomatoes, or baby heirloom tomatoes of assorted colors, halved about 2 cups, 4 ounces about 1 cup feta, coarsely crumbled or chopped into 12inch pieces, 1 cup jarred red bell peppers, drained and coarsely chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 13 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Israeli Couscous Salad with Smoked Paprika, picturelink: SJYwhz69kfndwIkxT43CtvKxRb.7ae}, 18680: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the bread on a cookie sheet, brush with olive oil and bake until lightly golden brown.nIn a saute pan on medium heat, saute the pears in olive oil for 1 minute just to soften them. Season the pears with salt and pepper. Set aside.nIn a small saucepan or skillet on mediumhigh heat reduce the vinegar and port to 14 of its original volume. Pour into a small bowl and let cool. It will thicken as it cools.nPlace a piece of prosciutto on the walnut toasts, then a small piece of cheese, top with pear and then drizzle the vinegarport reduction over the top., ingredients: [1 loaf walnut bread, sliced into 14inch thick slices and then cut into bite size squares, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for brushing bread, 1 pear, peeled, cored, cut into 14s and then sliced into inch slices, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup port wine, 4 thin slices prosciutto, 2 ounces gorgonzola cheese], title: Walnut Bread Crostini with Sauteed Pear, Prosciutto, Gorgonzola Cheese and a BalsamicPort Reduction, picturelink: xlAguHhs3AoiqpaiQeIjYOKphvMxm6}, 18681: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except optional ingredients in a blender, and blend on high speed until mixed thoroughly. Refrigerate in a covered container for at least a few hours to allow the nog to thicken.nIf you like, before serving, top each glass off with whipped topping and a sprinkling of cinnamon. Yum time, ingredients: [5 cups light vanilla soymilk, 1 small 4serving package sugarfree fatfree instant vanilla pudding mix recommended: JellO, 6 nocalorie sweetener packets, 1 teaspoon rum extract, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Fatfree whipped topping from an aerosol canister, for optional topping, Cinnamon, for optional topping], title: NoNonsense Nog, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 18682: {instructions: In a mini food processor or a blender, combine the garlic, oregano, cumin seeds, coriander, and pepper flakes. Add the vinegar and grind to a paste. In a thin stream, drizzle in the olive oil and blend until the mixture is emulsified. Set aside while you cook the carrots. In a medium heavy saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium high heat. Add the carrots and cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 to 4 minutes or until beginning to soften. Add the water, sugar if desired, salt, and pepper and cover the pan. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, shaking the pan occasionally, for about 5 more minutes, or until the carrots are just tender but not mushy. Add a little more water to the pan if necessary. Transfer the carrots to a serving bowl with a slotted spoon and immediately add the herb dressing. Toss together and cover the bowl with plastic wrap. Leave the carrots to marinate for 2 to 3 hours, and when ready to serve, stir in the parsley. Serve at room temperature, on tiny plates or ramekins., ingredients: [4 large cloves garlic, 12 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled, 34 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, for the dressing, plus 2 tablespoons for carrots, 2 pounds long, tender young carrots, cut into 34inch slices on the diagonal, 3 tablespoons water, or as needed, Pinch of sugar, if desired, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 small bunch flat leaf parsley, leaves only, finely chopped], title: Carrots Seasoned with Herbs, picturelink: null}, 18683: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a medium pot of heavily salted water to a boil over high heat. Prepare a water bath by filling a bowl halfway with ice water.nOnce water boils, add green beans until cooked but still firm, about 4 minutes. Place in ice water bath until cool. Drain and shake off excess water.nIn a medium nonreactive bowl, thoroughly mix olive oil, juice, zest, and anchovies season well with salt and pepper. Add green beans, shallot, olives, and parsley, and mix well taste, adjust seasoning as needed. Salad can be served immediately though flavor improves as it sits., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, trimmed, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lightly packed lemon zest, 1 teaspoon rinsed and finely chopped cured anchovies about 2 fillets, 1 medium shallot, thinly sliced, 12 cup thinly sliced cured pitted black olives, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Simple Green Bean Salad with Lemon Dressing, picturelink: FpFVAXvWogzQGxeGCTvMbt4Tu7frIm}, 18684: {instructions: In a food processor grind fine the whole almonds with the sugar and salt. In a bowl beat the whites until they are foamy just before they hold soft peaks and fold in the almond mixture gently but thoroughly. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper and butter the parchment. Spoon the batter onto the parchment, 2 inches apart. Bake the macaroons in the middle of a preheated 300 degrees F. oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until they are golden around the edges, and let them cool on the parchment. Peel the macaroons from the parchment and store them in an airtight container., ingredients: [1 12 cups blanched whole almonds, 1cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large egg whites, Butter], title: Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 18685: {instructions: Bring the vegetable stock to a boil and keep hot. In a 3 quart saucepan, combine the butter, olive oil, and shallots and saute over medium low heat until shallots are translucent. Add the rice and toast the rice for approximately 5 minutes, stirring continuously with a wooden spoon. Add the white wine and continue stirring until the wine has evaporated. Add the hot vegetable stock, just enough to barely cover the rice and continue stirring until all the liquid is evaporated. Repeat the above step until the rice is cooked al dente, about 15 minutes total cooking time, add salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 quarts vegetable stock, 1 ounce unsalted butter, 1 ounce olive oil, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 pound arborio rice, 1 cup dry white wine, Salt and pepper], title: Basic Risotto, picturelink: null}, 18686: {instructions: Special equipment: 2quart baking dish oldfashioned handcrank ice cream machinenIce Cream: Heat the milk and cream until scalded then turn off the heat. In a bowl whisk together the yolks and sugar then temper the yolks with the hot cream mixture. Return to the heat and cook carefully stirring constantly until thickened and is 180 degrees F. Immediately pour the custard through a fine strainer into a bowl in an ice bath. Chill. Whisk in the vanilla extract. Turn in a hand crank ice cream machine with ice and rock or kosher salt and keep frozen.nMake the Crisp: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl, stir together the flour, sugars, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Using a pastry blender or the paddle attachment of an electric mixer, mix in the butter to make a crumbly, sandy mixture.nPeel, core, and thickly slice the pears and put them in a deep, buttered 2quart baking dish. The pears should be at least 2 12 inches deep in the pan add more if necessary. Drizzle the apple juice concentrate over the fruit and sprinkle the topping over the pears. Bake for 30 minutes, until pears are tender and topping is lightly browned., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 6 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 pinch ground nutmeg, 4 tablespoons butter, cut up, 6 ripe pears, peeled, cored and sliced, 2 tablespoons apple juice concentrate], title: Pear Crisp with HandChurned Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: xE0qdBsqaZS7RP7DPurDJSytI1XDgl2}, 18687: {instructions: For the salad: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the tomatoes, cucumbers, cabbage, lime juice and olive oil. Mix to combine and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nFor the tuna: Place the chiles, oregano, salt and pepper in a spice grinder or food processor and pulse into a coarse powder. Pour the rub into a glass baking dish. Add the tuna pieces into the chile rub and toss to coat. Set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the red onions to the pan and cook until softened and slightly browned, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the onions to a bowl and set aside. Into the same saute pan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and add the tuna pieces. Cook until no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Remove the tuna to a bowl and set aside.nTo assemble the quesadillas: Drizzle the olive oil into the hot pan. Place a corn tortilla into the pan. Place 14 cup shredded cheese onto one half of the tortilla. Top with a spoonful of the tuna mixture and a couple slices of sauteed onion. Fold the bare half of the tortilla over, into a halfmoon, and cook until the cheese melts and the tortilla forms a golden crust, about 2 minutes on each side. Remove the quesadilla onto a serving plate. Top with a spoonful of the cabbage salad. Repeat with the remaining 7 tortillas., ingredients: [2 tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 12 English cucumber, finely diced, 14 head red cabbage, shredded, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 dried New Mexico or pasilla chiles, stemmed, seeded and deveined, 1 tablespoon dried crumbled Mexican oregano, 1 12 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, Two 6ounce albacore tuna steaks, chopped into 12inch cubes, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 red onion, sliced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 corn tortillas, 2 cups shredded Oaxaca cheese, dry mozzarella or Monterey Jack], title: ChileSpiced Ahi Tuna Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 18688: {instructions: Tie the tea bags together and attach them to the handle of a small pitcher. Pour the hot water into the pitcher and steep for 5 minutes.nIn a pot, combine the sugar and 1 cup water and heat until the sugar is dissolved. Pour into the pitcher and add the lemon juice. Stir and let cool. Serve with ice and garnish with blueberries., ingredients: [4 blueberry tea bags, 5 cups hot water, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup lemon juice, Blueberries, for garnish], title: Blueberry Half and Half, picturelink: null}, 18689: {instructions: Clean the Swiss chard of any dry outer leaves and discard the very bottom of the stem. Cut the chard into 1inch pieces, shredding as much of the largest pieces as possible. Bring theand vinegar to a boil and add the salt. Add the chard and cook 3 to 4 minutes at a simmer. When the chard is tender but still retains some of its bite, remove from the heat, drain, and shock in ice water to stop the cooking process. Drain the chard again and dry on paper towels.nIn a large saute pan, heat the oil until hot, add the chard, and saute over high heat for a minute before adding the garlic and pepper flakes in quick succession. Cook the chard for 1 to 2 minutes more and then season with salt and pepper, then serve., ingredients: [1 large bunch Swiss chard preferably red variety, 3 quarts water plus 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar if the chard is of the red variety, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Swiss Chard with Garlic and Oil, picturelink: null}, 18690: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice chicken breasts lengthwise into 1inch wide strips. Place on a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with thyme and salt and pepper. Bake 15 to 20 minutes or until cooked through but still juicy do not overcook.nWhile chicken is cooking cook pasta according to package directions. Drain pasta, rinse in cold water and drain again. Pat excess moisture off pasta with a paper towel, if necessary.nCombine mayonnaise, green onions, parsley, basil, House Seasoning, lemon juice and seasoned salt. Pour dressing over pasta and toss gently.nPlace chicken strips on top of pasta.nMix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months., ingredients: [4 large boneless skinless chicken breast halves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 9ounce packages fresh fettuccine, 2 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup freshly chopped green onions, 14 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup freshly chopped basil leaves, 1 teaspoon The Ladys House Seasoning, divided, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt recommended: The Ladys Seasoned Salt, 1 cup salt, 14 cup black pepper, 14 cup garlic powder], title: Fettuccine Chicken Salad, picturelink: VZqbAXQP6YGSGooSoWAXVpKZhdeC2}, 18691: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together all the ingredients except the oil. Slowly add the oil in a stream., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons Dijonstyle mustard, 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots or scallions, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Mustard Shallot Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 18692: {instructions: For the dipping sauce: Place the liver on a chopping board. With a heavy knife in each hand chop the liver in a fast motion mincing it finely. In a medium heated small saucepan, add oil, garlic, shallots, and cook the liver and minced pork for 4 minutes. Add hoisin sauce, sugar, shrimp paste, and pork stock, then stir until the sugar is dissolved. Bring to the boil, then add peanut butter, corn flour and stir until sauce thickens. Once thickened, add peanuts and sesame seeds. Turn off heat and set aside. Place a frying pan over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, and the prawns and stirfry for 3 minutes. Remove the prawns and set aside. Wipe the pan clean, then repeat this process with the pork belly. Set aside.nTo make the batter: Combine the rice flour, plain flour, turmeric, salt, bicarbonate of soda, coconut milk, and soda water. Whisk well and set aside for 10 minutes. Wash the lettuce leaves and herbs and arrange them on a large platter. Place a small, about 8 inches20 cm heavybased nonstick frying pan over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons oil. Once the oil is hot, add a thin layer of batter to the pan, swirling to coat the base of the pan. Add 1 tablespoon beaten egg, then add some prawns, pork, spring onions, and bean sprouts. Fry for 2 minutes or until the base is crisp and browned. Repeat this process with the remaining batter and filling ingredients. Fold the pancake in half to make it smile, and eat with lettuce, perilla, mint leaves, and star fruit. Dip into Hue Hoisin dipping sauce., ingredients: [4 ounces 100 g pork liver, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 cloves garlic, finely diced 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon finely diced red shallots, 2 ounces50 g minced pork, 12 cup hoisin sauce salty variety, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon shrimp paste, mixed with 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup pork stock, 1 tablespoon peanut butter, 1 tablespoon corn flour, diluted with water, 3 tablespoons crushed roasted peanuts, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, Vegetable oil, for stirfrying, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 7 ounces200 g school prawns, legs and heads trimmed, 7 ounces200 g boneless pork belly, fat trimmed, thinly sliced, 17 12 ounces500 g bean sprouts, 12 cup spring onions, sliced, 3 12 ounces100 g rice flour, 5 14 teaspoons25 g plain allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon turmeric powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda baking soda, 5 fluid ounces 150 ml coconut milk, 5 fluid ounces150 ml soda water, 2 eggs beaten, Lettuce, 1 bunch fresh perilla leaves, 1 bunch fresh mint leaves, 1 bunch Vietnamese mint leaves, 1 bunch Vietnamese fish mint, 1 star fruit, sliced], title: Hue Pancake: Banh Khoai, picturelink: null}, 18693: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace cheese, basil, and lemon zest in a food processor and process until smooth. Add 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and pulse 2 times to incorporate.nHeat grill to high. Brush bread with olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and rub with garlic cloves. Grill bread on each side for 1 minute or until slightly charred. Spread each slice with some of the farmers cheese mixture and top with tomato and more cracked black pepper., ingredients: [8 ounces fresh farmers cheese, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon zest, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for bread, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, plus more for bread and garnish, 8 slices French baguette, sliced 12inch thick, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 4 whole cloves garlic, 8 cherry tomatoes, quartered], title: Black PepperBasil Farmers Cheese Bruschetta with Tomato, picturelink: rpze8kq1DBmc8HiSQc0sRU0EbDm8G}, 18694: {instructions: Make the streusel topping and chill, core and slice the apples. In large pot, melt the butter and stir in the sugar and spices. Add all fruit and cook until soft. Stir in flour and vanilla, then cook until thick and pour into 4 8 by 10inch baking dishes. Top with streusel and bake at 350 degrees F until crispy and fruit is bubbling approx. 40 minutes. Serve warm.nMix butter, sugar, and flour together, until crumbly and mealy looking. Add cinnamon, salt, and pecan pieces. Do not over mix. Store in refrigerator. Streusel topping may be doubled for a thicker coating., ingredients: [3 pounds streusel topping, recipe follows, 48 Granny Smith apples 113count size, 12 ounces unsalted butter, 2 quarts 64 ounces granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups seedless raisins, 1 14 pounds granulated sugar, 1 pound allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 12 ounces unsalted butter, 12ounce pecan pieces], title: Apple Crisp with Streusel Topping, picturelink: null}, 18695: {instructions: In a blender, add the ice cream, milk, berry compote and cheesecake. If an adult version is desired, also add the berryinfused vodka. Blend all ingredients until smooth. Transfer to a glass and top with whipped cream, berry compote and serve.nAdd the blackberries, blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, sugar, 14 cup water and salt in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool completely., ingredients: [3 scoops vanilla ice cream, 2 ounces whole milk, 1 tablespoon Berry Compote, plus more for topping, recipe follows, 1 slice prepared cheesecake with graham cracker crust, 1 ounce berryinfused vodka, optional, Whipped cream, for garnish, 1 cup blackberries, 1 cup blueberries, 1 cup raspberries, 1 cup strawberries, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Bamboozled Berry Cheesecake Shake, picturelink: null}, 18696: {instructions: Special equipment: fondue pot and skewersnPreheat a grill for direct grilling. If using charcoal, arrange it so that you have areas of mediumhigh and low to mediumlow heat.nCombine the cheeses in a large bowl and toss with the cornstarch. Bring the brat cooking liquid to a simmer in a medium saucepan over the higher heat. Add the cheese, a few handfuls at a time, and stir in a figure eight motion with a wooden spoon until smooth. Whisk in the 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard and hot sauce and season with salt and pepper if needed. Transfer to a fondue pot and keep warm.nPlace a drip pan under the lower heat side of the grill and put the bacon on the grill. Cook until nicely charred on both sides and cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a platter or cutting board.nToss the mushroom caps with some of the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Transfer the mushroom caps to a grill basket and cook over the higher heat side, tossing occasionally, until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl.nBrush the rye bread on both sides with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the bread over the higher heat side until toasted and slightly charred, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a platter or cutting board.nCut the bacon, rye bread and BeerSimmered Bratwurst into chunks. Serve alongside the fondue with the mushrooms and the mustards.nPreheat the grill for direct grilling, high heat.nCombine the beer, caraway, coriander, mustard seeds, onions, garlic and ginger in a large stockpot. Then, add the bratwurst. Place the pot on the grates of the grill and bring to a simmer. Simmer the sausages until halfcooked, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the grill and let the bratwurst sit in the liquid for 30 minutes. Transfer the brats to a platter or cutting board and strain the liquid into a bowl, discard the solids. Reserve the liquid for the fondue.nBrush the sausages with canola oil and grill until the casings are crisp and golden brown and the sausages are cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes per side. Keep warm until serving., ingredients: [10 ounces sharp white Cheddar, shredded about 2 12 cups, 6 ounces Gruyere, shredded about 2 cups, 2 ounces smoked Gruyere or Swiss, shredded, Scant tablespoon cornstarch, 1 cup strained cooking liquid from BeerSimmered Bratwursts, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, plus more for serving, A few drops hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound slab bacon, rind removed, sliced about 1inch thick, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, caps only, 13 tablespoon canola oil, Six to eight 2inchthick slices highquality German rye bread, BeerSimmered Bratwurst, recipe follows, Sweet and hot German mustards, for serving, 6 cups German light ale, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 3 large onions, unpeeled, roughly chopped, 2 whole cloves garlic, smashed, One 3inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 3 pounds precooked bratwurst, pricked with a fork, 2 tablespoons canola oil], title: Smoked Cheese and Beer Fondue with BeerSimmered Bratwurst, Grilled Bacon, Mushrooms and Rye Bread, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 18697: {instructions: Preheat the broiler with a rack set about 4 inches from the heat source.nPut 14 cup of the sour cream, 14 cup iced water mixed with ice cubes, the sliced cucumbers, garlic, scallion whites and a large pinch salt in a blender. Blend until mostly smooth, then add the tomatoes. Blend until smooth, then remove the small cap on the lid of the blender and slowly drizzle in 14 cup of the oil while the blender is running. Season with additional salt if needed. Place the soup in the freezer while you prepare the quesadillas.nPlace the cannellini beans and a pinch black pepper in a bowl, and roughly mash with the back of a fork. Place 2 of the tortillas on a baking sheet without letting them overlap. Brush one side of the tortillas with some of the remaining olive oil. Flip, so the oiled side is directly on the baking sheet. Divide the mashed cannellini beans between the two tortillas and use a fork or your fingers to spread the mixture evenly on the tortillas, leaving a 12inch border around the edge. Lay 3 pieces of the cheese on top of the beans on each tortilla it is okay if the cheese overlaps slightly. Top with the remaining 2 tortillas and brush the tops of the tortillas with the remaining oil.nPlace the quesadillas under the broiler and cook until the top tortillas are crisp and lightly golden brown, about 1 minute. Use a spatula to flip the quesadillas and cook until the cheese is completely melted and the tortillas are crisp and lightly golden brown, about 1 additional minute. Cut each into 6 wedges.nTo serve, ladle or pour directly from the blender carafe the soup in to 4 chilled bowls and drizzle with additional olive oil and several grindings of freshly ground black pepper and some of the sliced green scallions. Serve 3 pieces of quesadilla on the side of each bowl of soup along with a dollop of the remaining sour cream and some pickled jalapenos., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 1 English cucumber roughly chopped about 8 ounces, 1 small clove garlic, grated, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, white and green parts separated, Fine salt, 1 medium green tomato, roughly chopped about 8 ounces, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, One 15ounce can cannellini beans, strained and rinsed, Freshly ground black pepper, Four 8inch flour tortillas, 6 slices smoked gouda cheese about 6 ounces, Sliced pickled jalapenos, for serving], title: 10Minute Green Gazpacho and Smoky Quesadilla, picturelink: tP5U4etMtEoVTlrgG8sa9nC08600dG}, 18698: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPeel the ginger, reserving the peels, and cut it into fine julienne strips. Cut the peels into coarse strips and set aside.nIn a small saucepan, cook the ginger and garlic with 12 cup of the plum wine and the rice wine vinegar until 1 tablespoon of liquid remains. Remove from the heat and reserve.nPlace a heavy heatproof 12inch skillet over high heat until it is very hot. Add the oil and heat it almost to the smoking point. Carefully add the lobster halves, meat side down. Cook 3 minutes. Turn the lobster over and add 1 tablespoon of the butter. Continue to saute until the lobster shells get red and the butter is nutty red. Transfer the lobster to the oven for about 10 minutes, or until the lobster is just cooked. Remove from the oven, remove the lobster from the skillet and keep warmnAdd the scallions, ginger peels and curry powder to the skillet. Saute the mixture lightly for 10 to 15 seconds, then whisk in the remaining plum wine and the white wine, stock, chile flakes and the vinegar. Reduce the liquid to 12 cup. Add the cream and reduce it by half. Add any liquid from the julienne of ginger, then whisk in the 1 tablespoon of butter. Season the sauce to taste, with salt and pepper.nCrack the lobster claws with the back of a large chefs knife.nArrange the lobster halves on a warm oval platter, meat side up. Strain the sauce over the lobster, then sprinkle the sweet ginger on top. Garnish with Fried Baby Spinach Leaves.nClean the fish bones under cold running water, removing the gills from the head and any traces of blood on the frames.nIn a large saucepan, heat the oil. In it, sweat the fish bones and vegetables over low heat, covered, for 10 minutes, stirring once or twice to prevent them from browning.nDeglaze the pan with the wine, and then add enough water to cover the bones and vegetables by 2 inches. Add the bouquet garni and bring the liquid to a boil. Skim the froth from the surface, reduce the heat and simmer the stock for 20 to 25 minutes.nStrain the stock into a clean saucepan. Bring it to a boil and reduce it over moderate heat to 1 quart.nWash some large spinach leaves, cut off the stems and dry them well. Heat peanut oil to 375 degrees F, and in it, fry the spinach until crisp and translucent. Be careful not to get splattered. Remove the leaves to paper towels to drain and salt them lightly just like potato chips. The spinach should have a jade green color., ingredients: [1 piece fresh ginger, approximately 1inch, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup plum wine or Port, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 2pound lobster, split lengthwise, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 scallions, cut into 38 inch slices, 1 to 2 teaspoons curry powder, 14 cup dry white wine, 12 teaspoon dried hot chile flakes, 12 cup fish stock, recipe follows, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon Chinese black vinegar or balsamic vinegar, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, Fried Spinach Leaves, recipe follows, 2 pounds fish skeletons, cut into pieces, 2 tablespoons vegetable or other flavorless oil, 1 small carrot, peeled and sliced, 12 onion, sliced, 1 small stalk celery, sliced, 2 cups dry white wine, 1 bouquet garni parsley, thyme, peppercorns and a bay leaf tied together in cheesecloth, 1 quart water, approximately], title: Lobster with Sweet Ginger, picturelink: null}, 18699: {instructions: Have ready 8 4inch metal pie pans, and prepare an icewater bath. In a small saucepan, combine 2 cups sugar and 1 cup water set over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring, until sugar has dissolved. Cover, and bring to boil cook until condensation washes down sides. Remove cover boil until syrup turns deep amber in color. Quickly submerge pan in icewater bath. Working quickly, divide caramel among the pie pans swirl each to coat bottom. Set aside to cool. Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Pour milk into a saucepan, and set over high heat. Bring just to a boil remove from heat and set aside. In a large bowl, combine pumpkin puree, remaining 34 cup sugar, ginger, nutmeg, cinnamon, salt, whole eggs, and egg yolks. Mix in vanilla and warm milk pass through fine sieve, discarding solids. Divide mixture among pie pans, filling 23 full. Transfer pie pans to a roasting pan. Loosely drape piece of foil over top of roasting pan, transfer to oven, and add enough boiling water to the roasting pan to come halfway up sides of pie pans always fill roasting pan with boiling water after transferring to oven, to avoid burning. Bake until centers are nearly seta thinbladed knife inserted into centers should come out clean60 to 65 minutes. Transfer roasting pan to wire rack to cool. Remove flans from water, and dry bottoms of pie pans. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate flans overnight.nHeat oven to 375 degrees f. Have ready 8 5inch flan rings or fluted tartlet tins line 2 baking sheets with parchment. On a lightly floured surface, roll out pate brisee to an 18inch thickness. Cut out 8 7inch circles. Ease a circle into each flan ring, letting excess drape over top. Fit dough into bottom corners of rings, using knuckles to work dough from top down, not from the center out. Using a rolling pin, roll over tops of rings, creating neat tops and removing any excess dough. Prick bottom of each shell several times with a fork. Transfer shells to baking sheets, and chill 30 minutes. Line shells with foil, and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake 20 minutes, and remove foil and weights. Bake until shells are golden brown, 2 to 4 minutes more. Transfer baking sheets to a wire rack, and let shells cool, 1 hour. Remove shells from rings. When ready to serve, place shells on 8 dessert plates. Unmold flan by running a knife carefully around edge of pan, and invert it over a shell caramel sauce will flow, filling shell. Repeat with remaining shells and flan. Top with whipped cream or creme fraiche, if desired.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine flour, salt, and sugar. Add butter, and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal, 8 to 10 seconds. With machine running, add ice water in a slow, steady stream through feed tube. Pulse until dough holds together without being wet or sticky be careful not to process more than 30 seconds. To test, squeeze a small amount together: If it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Divide dough into 2 equal balls. Flatten each ball into a disk, and wrap in plastic. Transfer to the refrigerator, and chill at least 1 hour. Dough may be stored, frozen, up to 1 month.nYield: 1 doublecrust or 2 singlecrust 9 to 10inch pies, ingredients: [2 cups plus 34 cup sugar, 2 14 cups milk, 1 12 cups canned pumpkin puree, 2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon salt, 5 large whole eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Pate Brisee, recipe follows, Whipped cream or creme fraiche, for serving optional, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces, 14 to 12 cup ice water], title: Pumpkin Flan in a Pastry Shell, picturelink: null}, 18700: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 6foot piece of gutteringnSeveral hours before youre ready to assemble the sundae, portion out 12 scoops of each type of ice creamvanilla, mint chip and strawberryonto baking sheets 36 scoops total and freeze them. This will make it much easier to handle.nLine the guttering with heavyduty aluminum foil.nTo assemble, place a layer of Dark Chocolate Brownie Bites in the bottom of the guttering. Top with the ice cream scoops and scatter over more brownie bites. Drizzle with Strawberry Sauce and Hot Fudge Sauce. Sprinkle with rainbow sprinkles. Squirt mounds of whipped cream across the sundae and top each mound with a cherry.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 18by13inch pan half sheet pan with cooking spray.nIn a mediumlarge saucepan, heat the butter and unsweetened chocolate over low heat, whisking occasionally, until smooth and melted. Sprinkle in the cocoa powder and whisk to combine. Remove the pan from the heat and allow to cool for about 5 minutes.nStir the sugar and vanilla into the chocolate mixture until just combined. One at a time, stir in the eggs. Gently stir in the flour until halfway incorporated. Add the chocolate chips and stir just until combined.nPour the batter it will be very thick into the prepared pan, spreading to even out the top. Bake for 30 minutes, then check the brownies with a toothpick. If they are overly gooeymessy, return to the oven for 5 to 10 more minutes just be careful not to burn the edges. Allow to cool completely important, then cut into small squares.nPlace the strawberries, sugar, vanilla and lemon juice in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a gentle boil, stirring constantly, and cook until the strawberries are very soft, a good 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and use a potato masher to completely smush them to smithereens. Pour the mixture into a finemesh strainer placed over a bowl. Use a spoon to stir the fruit so the liquid is forced through. Continue until almost all of the liquid is in the bowl. Set the pulp aside.nSkim as much foam off the sauce as you can. Pour the skimmed sauce back into the same saucepan, add 14 cup of the pulp back in and boil again for 3 minutes over mediumhigh heat. Skim off any more foam that has formed on the surface, then allow the sauce to cool slightly before pouring it into a pitcher or jar. Refrigerate it to thicken and serve it cold.nCombine the sugar, cream, cocoa and butter in a small saucepot over medium heat and cook, stirring, until the butter melts and everything is combined, a few minutes.nTransfer to a mason jar and store in the refrigerator. It will harden as it cools so when ready to use, simply reheat in a saucepan over mediumlow heat., ingredients: [1 quart vanilla ice cream, 1 quart mint chip ice cream, 1 quart strawberry ice cream, 2 recipes Dark Chocolate Brownie Bites, recipe follows, Strawberry Sauce, recipe follows, for drizzling, Hot Fudge Sauce, recipe follows, for drizzling, Rainbow sprinkles, for sprinkling, Canned whipped cream, for topping, Maraschino cherries, for topping, Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the pan, 4 sticks 2 cups salted butter, 10 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 4 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons vanilla, 6 large eggs, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 4 pounds strawberries, hulled, 2 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups dark cocoa powder, 2 sticks 1 cup salted butter], title: Six Foot Sundae, picturelink: 9PtJVGJJdEbdldTzq6jSOIW4ZqsBu6}, 18701: {instructions: For the dough: Activate the yeast by combining the lukewarm water, yeast and sugar. Stir together and let sit until the mixture becomes frothy and foamy and smells very yeasty, about 10 minutes.nPut the flour in a mixing bowl and make a well in the center. Add the olive oil, salt and the activated yeast mixture. Stir until the dough comes together and forms a ball.nDust a clean work surface with flour and knead the dough until it is tight and firm, 5 to 7 minutes. Place the dough back in the mixing bowl, cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let sit in a warm place until the dough has doubled in size, about 1 hour.nFor the topping: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the bacon in a large, wide pan and give it a couple drops of olive oil. Bring the pan to a medium heat and cook the bacon until it is brown and crispy. Remove the bacon from the pan and reserve on paper towels.nAdd the onions to the pan, season with salt, cover and cook until the onions have wilted and are very soft, about 10 minutes. Remove the lid and cook the onions until they are very soft and caramelized. This will take awhile, maybe up to 45 minutes. Stir the onions occasionally paying attention not to let them burn, but dont rush it When the onions are really brown and sweet, remove them from the heat and reserve.nCombine the creme fraiche and fromage blanc.nDivide the dough into 4 even balls and roll them out until they are 18 to 116inch thick. Place them on a sheet tray and bake them in the oven for 4 minutes.nRemove the dough from the oven. Schmear each dough evenly with the cheese mixture, place an even layer of the caramelized onions on the cheese and sprinkle the bacon on top of the onions.nReturn the dough to the oven until the dough is crisp on the bottom and the toppings are bubbly, 6 to 8 minutes. Sprinkle with chives and serve., ingredients: [14 cup lukewarm water, 34 teaspoon dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, plus a little more for dusting, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Pinch salt, 12 pound slab bacon, cut into lardons, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 large Spanish onions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 12 cup creme fraiche, 12 cup fromage blanc or high quality ricotta, 1 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped], title: Tarte Flambee, picturelink: ZiUSMFTkYMIk5RtBNGb7F9Ov2kqG2e}, 18702: {instructions: To prepare the mangolime butter, in a saucepan, combine the mango, wine, sugar, ginger, and lime juice and simmer over medium heat for 5 minutes, until thick and syrupy. Add the cream, mix well, and remove from the heat. Pour into a blender and blend until smooth. Return to the saucepan and simmer over low heat for 8 minutes, until the mixture thickens slightly. Add the butter, a piece at a time, and stir until incorporated before adding the next piece. Be careful not to boil the sauce, or it will separate. Season with salt and pepper and keep warm.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees.nTo prepare the coating, place the nuts, panko, and basil in a food processor and process until fine. Spread on a plate. In a bowl, combine the mayonnaise and chile paste and mix well. Lightly season the fish with salt and pepper. Evenly spread a light coat of the chile mayonnaise on one side of each fish fillet. Coat the same side evenly with the coating.nIn an ovenproof saute pan or skillet, pour in just enough oil to coat the bottom and heat over medium heat. Be careful not to heat the pan too hot or the macadamia nuts will burn. Add the fish, crust stide down, and saute for 3 minutes, until golden brown. Turn the fish and place in the oven for 5 minutes, until cooked through and firm to the touch.nPlace the fillets on warmed individual places. Serve with the mangolime butter., ingredients: [12 cup chopped fresh mango, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon peeled and minced fresh ginger, Juice of 2 limes, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup macadamia nuts, whole or pieces, 2 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, 12 cup fresh basil, 12 cup goodquality mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons Sriracha Thai garlicchile paste, 6 6ounce ono fillets, Canola oil, for sauteing], title: Macadamia NutCrusted Ono with MangoLime Butter, picturelink: null}, 18703: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saucepan large enough to hold all the pears, combine the wine, Simple Syrup, cinnamon stick halves, honey, and ginger. Scrape in the seeds from the vanilla bean and add the bean and seeds to the saucepan. Bring the mixture to a simmer, stirring occasionally, until the honey has melted. Add the pears and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, turning occasionally, until the pears are tender. Remove the pears from the liquid and allow to cool.nContinue to simmer the liquid until it thickens and is reduced by half, about 15 to 20 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Remove the cinnamon stick halves and the vanilla bean and discard.nPlace each pear on a small serving plate with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Drizzle with the honey, ginger and cinnamon syrup. Serve immediately.nIn a small saucepan, combine the sugar and water over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool., ingredients: [One 750ml bottle Moscato wine or other sweet dessert wine, 2 cups Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 cinnamon stick, broken in 12, 2 tablespoons honey, One 34inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, and finely chopped, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 6 small, firm, ripe Anjou pears, peeled, Serving suggestion: Vanilla ice cream or gelato, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water], title: Poached Pears in Honey, Ginger and Cinnamon Syrup, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 18704: {instructions: Roast: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Bring meat to room temperature by removing it from the refrigerator at least 1 hour before roasting. Using a paring knife, poke small holes in the meat and insert the garlic into them. Season the meat with salt and pepper to taste. Place the roast in a large roasting pan, bone side down. Roast for 15 minutes. Turn the heat down to 350 degrees and continue to roast for 1 hour to 1 hour and 15 minutes for mediumrare doneness. Remove meat to a carving board and let rest. Place roasting pan on top of stove over high heat. Add the wine and cook, stirring and scraping up any brown bits and reduce. Add stock and reduce by half, season with salt and pepper. Slice beef and drizzle with some of the sauce.nPotatoes: Slice the potatoes and cut them into 18inch slices. Then cut the slices into long strips 18inch wide. Heat oil to 375 degrees F. Add them in batches, separating them when they hit the oil. Fry until golden brown, remove and drain on paper towels and salt liberally.nDip: Heat butter in medium saucepan over medium heat until melted. Whisk in flour and cook for 23 minutes. Whisk in the hot milk and cook until the sauce has thickened. Stir in the blue cheese and cook until the cheese has melted. Season with cayenne and salt. Pour into ramekins and serve with the fries.nToss vegetables with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Grill until tender., ingredients: [1 3 rib roast, about 5 pounds, rimmed of excess but not all fat, 2 cloves garlic, finely sliced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup white wine, 2 cups beef stock, 4 russet potatoes, peeled, 1 quart vegetable oil, Salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 3 cups hot milk, 1 12 cups cabrales blue cheese, crumbled, Dash cayenne pepper, Salt, 2 zucchini, cut on bias into 12inch thick slices, 1 yellow squash, cut on bias into 12inch thick slices, 2 red peppers, seeded, stemmed, and cut into 4 pieces, 2 yellow peppers, seeded, stemmed, and cut into 4 pieces, 14 cup olive oil], title: Prime Rib with Shoe String Fries with Cabrales Blue Cheese Dip, picturelink: null}, 18705: {instructions: Mix together parsley and bread crumbs. In a separate bowl, combine egg yolk, clarified butter and lemon juice. Place flour on a dish for dredging.nSeason 1 side of abalone steaks with salt and pepper. Lightly flour and paint with egg mixture. Coat with parsleybread crumb mixture.nMelt butter in frying pan. When butter begins to foam, add steaks and cook 1 minute each side. Add sherry and flame. Transfer to a serving dish and nap with browned butter from pan., ingredients: [2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 1 cup bread crumbs, 1 egg yolk, 2 teaspoons clarified butter, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Flour, to coat, 8 sliced abalone steaks, Salt, to taste, White pepper, to taste, 12 cup butter, 1 tablespoon sherry], title: Abalone Victoria, picturelink: null}, 18706: {instructions: In a saucepot, combine the vinegar, sugar, salt, mustard seeds, coriander seeds, celery seeds, peppercorns, garlic, chile and 2 cups water and bring the mixture to a boil to dissolve the sugar and salt.nUsing a mandolin or sharp knife, slice the cucumbers 14inch thick and place in a large heatsafe bowl or container.nOnce the mixture boils, pour the liquid over the sliced cucumbers, making sure the cucumbers are submerged. Let the cucumbers sit in the liquid as it comes to room temperature, for about 20 minutes. Drain the pickles and reserve the liquid. Serve as is or fry em up To serve, add a little of the pickling juice right on top of the pickles.nCooks Notes: Reserve your pickling liquid to use on the pickles later or as a vinegary addition to sauces. The longer the pickles sit in the liquid the softer they become, so for me 20 minutes is perfect. This pickling liquid is great to pickle a variety of vegetables, try carrots, one of my favorites., ingredients: [2 cups red wine vinegar, 1 12 cups sugar, 14 cup kosher salt, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 34 teaspoon coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon celery seeds, 14 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 1 red Fresno chile, split in half, 6 Kirby cucumbers about 2 pounds], title: Quick Pickles, picturelink: IPPjuPYB0DBxNEAO2IB58MQ80nMInfS}, 18707: {instructions: Bring water to a boil for pasta. Add pasta and cook until al dente. Steam cauliflower florets separately. When done chop into small bits and hold until later. Heat olive oil in a skillet. Add sliced onions and saute a minute just to start them cooking. Cover the skillet, reduce the heat, and cook until tender about 5 minutes. Add the wine and reduce by half. Add the peppers and saute a moment just to heat through. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Add cauliflower bits just to rewarm.When pasta is done, drain it and transfer to a bowl. Top with sauce and blend the two together. Garnish with toasted hazelnuts. To toast and skin hazelnuts: Set unskinned nuts in a baking pan and roast at 375 degrees until they emit a roasted aroma. Rub the skins off between two cloth towels and discard skins. The nuts are ready to be used., ingredients: [12 ounces dried spinach pasta, Small head cauliflower, cut into florets, 12 cup olive oil, 1 onion, sliced into thin half moons, 12 cup dry white wine, 7ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained and cut into thin strips, 4 ounces hazelnuts, toasted, skinned and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Roasted Red Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18708: {instructions: Spray a 2quart saucepan with the cooking spray and heat over medium heat for 1 minute. Add the onion and cook until its tender, stirring occasionally.nStir the spinach and flour in the skillet. Gradually stir the milk in the skillet. Cook and stir until the mixture boils and thickens. Stir in the picante sauce and cheese and cook until the cheese is melted. Serve with the tortilla chips for dipping., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 1 medium onion, chopped about 12 cup, 2 packages 10 ounces each frozen chopped spinach, thawed and well drained, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 1 cup Paceu00ae Picante Sauce, 4 ounces shredded partskim mozzarella cheese about 1cup, Tortilla chips or fresh vegetables], title: Warm Spinach Dip, picturelink: EIR3lPaSwXQAZSMjM47.deLFoaptBoS}, 18709: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd to shaker, ice, Canadian whiskey, apple liqueur and cranberry juice. Pour into 2 rocks glasses, garnish with a slice of apple, if using, and serve., ingredients: [2 cups ice, 12 cup whiskey, 12 cup apple liqueur, 1 cup cranberry juice, Sliced apples, for garnish, optional], title: American Pie Cocktail, picturelink: cgJPxaXIhO8wRYtubmivt85UG85oUPC}, 18710: {instructions: Cook the penne in a pot of boiling salted water. Stir to prevent the pasta from sticking together. While the pasta is cooking, make the sauce.nTo make the sauce: In a saucepan, heat up 4 tablespoons of olive oil. Gently saute the chopped onions until tender, then add the plum tomatoes and liquid from the can. With the back of a wooden spoon, break up the tomatoes into little chunks. Season the sauce with salt, and pepper, to taste. Cook the tomato sauce for a few minutes, until the sauce has thickened.nIn another pan, heat olive oil and fry the eggplant cubes until golden.nDrain the eggplant cubes on a paper towel to remove the excess oil. Drain the pasta approximately 2 minutes before the al dente stage and add the pasta to the saucepan. Finish cooking the pasta in the sauce. Add the fried eggplant, basil leaves and sprinkle with ricotta salata. Mix the ingredients together well in the saucepan so that the pasta and the sauce are well amalgamated or combined. Be careful not to overcook the pasta. Transfer the pasta to a warm serving bowl or divide the pasta among warm plates and sprinkle extra ricotta salata on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound450 g penne rigate pasta, 4 tablespoons5 ml, extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for deepfrying eggplant, 12 white onion, chopped, 1 14ounce400 g can peeled plum tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 mediumsize eggplant, cubed, Fresh basil leaves, torn, Ricotta salata cheese, freshly grated], title: Pasta Alla Norma: Normas Pasta, picturelink: null}, 18711: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nSeason fish inside and out with salt and pepper. Place lime leaves inside the body cavity. Combine the peanut oil, garlic, ginger and basil leaves in a dish and marinate the fish for 1 to 2 hours, refrigerated, occasionally turning and basting.nPreheat roasting pan in oven for 10 minutes before cooking snapper.nAdd the red pepper, cabbage and tofu to the pan and roast for 5 minutes.nPlace the marinated fish into the preheated roasting pan on one side on a bed of the vegetables and roast for 12 to 15 minutes before turning the fish to its other side.nRoast for 5 minutes and pour the peanuts and coconut milk over the fish. Continue to roast for 10 minutes more before removing from the oven.nAllow to rest for 5 minutes.nUse two spoons to remove the fish from the bones.nServe on a bed of rice noodles tossed with sesame oil. Spoon the tofu, red pepper, cabbage and pan juices over the fish and noodles., ingredients: [1 whole red snapper, skin on scales removed and gutted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 4 keffir lime leaves, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 cloves garlic, finelyminced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped ginger, 6 to 8 Thai or other fresh basil leaves, shredded, 2 sweet red peppers, seeded and julienned, 1 cup shredded white cabbage, 4ounce piece fresh tofu, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup shelled unsalted peanuts, 12 cup coconut milk unsweetened], title: Roasted Red Snapper with Thai Basil, picturelink: null}, 18712: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small pan saute the onions, carrots, celery, and leeks in olive oil until tender. Add the sachet and red lentils to the Sauteed vegetables and stir together. Add the chicken stock, glace de viande, crabmeat, and thyme into the pan, and stir until well mixed. Transfer all ingredients into an ovenproof dish and place in the oven for approximately 1 hour or until lentils are tender.nTo make the glaze, combine all of the ingredients in a small pot. Slowly reduce the liquid and aromatics until it becomes a syrup and set aside.nIn a small saute pan over medium heat, coat the bottom with the grapeseed oil. Place the snapper skin side down and sear for approximately 2 minutes. Turn fish and place butter and shallots on the skin side. Finish fish under a salamander or broiler basting it with butter.nTo serve, place some of the red lentil cassoulet in the center of each plate. Place the snapper in the center and drizzle the glaze around the fish and lentils., ingredients: [1 onion, diced, 1 carrot, peeled and diced, 2 celery stalks, diced, 1 leek, diced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 sachet, thyme, bay leaf, black peppercorns, 2 cups red lentils, soaked, 5 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons glace de viande, concentrated veal stock, 3 ounces yellow crab, 1 teaspoon thyme, chopped, 1 12 cups Tangelo orange juice, 1 tablespoon Tangelo orange zest, 2 cups cider vinegar, 2 cups unrefined sugar, 2 tablespoons molasses, 1 sachet, thyme, bay leaf, black peppercorns, 2 cardamom pods, whole, 6 cascabel chiles, toasted and seeded, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, One 6ounce yellowtail snapper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 shallots, peeled and shaved], title: Crispy Skinned Florida Yellowtail Snapper, Red Lentil and Yellow Crab Cassoulet with Sweet and Sour Tangelo Cascabel Syrup, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 18713: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees.nIn a small food processor pulse pecans until finely ground. Add 14 cup sugar and yolks and pulse until combined. Halve and pit nectarines and arrange, cut sides up, on a small baking sheet. Divide pecan mixture among nectarine halves, mounding it in center, and garnish each mound with a pecan half. Sprinkle nectarines with remaining tablespoon of sugar.nBake stuffed nectarines in middle of oven until pecan mixture is golden, about 10 minutes. Serve nectarines with ice cream., ingredients: [23 cup of pecan halves, 14 cup plus 1 tbsp sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 4 firm ripe nectarines, 8 pecan halves, Super Premium Vanilla Ice Cream], title: Baked Pecan Stuffed Nectarines, picturelink: null}, 18714: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: six 3ounce serving bowls or espresso cupsnIn a small saucepan set over medium heat, bring the orange juice to a boil and cook until reduced by half, about 4 minutes. Meanwhile in a small bowl, whisk together 12 cup of the sugar, the salt and yolks until smooth. Whisking constantly, add half of the reduced orange juice to the yolk mixture to temper. When it is all incorporated, return the tempered yolk mixture to the pan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula to prevent the eggs from scrambling, until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 7 minutes. Strain the mixture into a clean bowl and whisk in the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, and the zest. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the mixture and refrigerate until chilled through, at least 5 hours.nPour the heavy cream into a medium bowl, and add the vanilla and the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Using an electric mixer, beat the cream on medium speed just until stiff peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes, being careful avoid overbeating. Using a rubber spatula, gently fold half of the whipped cream into the chilled orange mixture. Pour that mixture into the remaining whipped cream and continue to fold until completely incorporated. Divide the mixture among six 3ounce serving bowls or espresso cups. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve.nWhen ready to serve, put the gingersnaps in a resealable plastic bag and smash gently with a rolling pin. Sprinkle on top of the mousse, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup blood orange juice, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 egg yolks, 4 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon orange zest from 12 orange, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 5 crunchy gingersnap cookies], title: Dreamy Orange Mousse, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 18715: {instructions: 12 skewers, if wooden soak in water for 10 minutesnPreheat the grill or a grill pan.nIn a small bowl combine the cumin, coriander, cinnamon, pepper and salt. In a large bowl sprinkle the spice mixture over the lamb strips and toss to coat.nThread 1 piece of lamb onto each skewer and grill over mediumhigh heat for 4 to 5 minutes, turning once., ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 pound lamb top round trimmed of fat and cut into 12inch by 2 12inch strips], title: Spice Rubbed Lamb Pops, picturelink: gKHvyYPCDJGmV65pf4CECkSVUCUzp2}, 18716: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the batter: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine the milk, honey, molasses, vanilla and eggs. In a separate bowl, combine the allpurpose flour, wheat flour, rye flour, 1 13 cup of sugar, baking powder and salt.nMix the wet ingredients into the dry and mix until completely incorporated. Work until a dough forms and it comes together in a ball. Do not overwork. Freeze any extra dough for future use.nCombine the remaining sugar and cinnamon for the topping.nRoll out the dough to a thickness of approximately 18inch. Dock dough and cut with a rippled edge pasta cutter to make 20 graham crackers. Place the crackers on parchment paper, dust with the cinnamon sugar and bake until the edges are golden brown, about 8 minutes.nTo assemble: Layer 1 graham cracker, 1 piece of chocolate, 1 marshmallow and top with another graham cracker and enjoy.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper and lightly dust with powdered sugar.nCombine the granulated sugar, corn syrup and 12 cup cold water together in a heavybottomed pot with a candy thermometer. Bring to a boil and cook to a temperature of 235 degrees F, soft ball stage of caramel.nWhile the sugar is cooking, add the egg whites to the mixer. Dissolve the gelatin in 14 cup cold water and reserve.nOnce the sugar reaches 235 degrees F, immediately remove from the heat and stir in the gelatin. Turn on the mixer to high speed while the gelatin is dissolving. With the mixer running on high, whip the egg whites to soft peaks and then stream the hot sugar into the egg, building an emulsion as you combine the two. If the stream is too fast, the egg will break.nOnce all the sugar has been incorporated into the egg, a meringue is formed. Add the orange zest and whip the meringue until it is just below body temperature. Once the meringue has reached the correct temperature, stop the mixer and place the meringue into a pastry bag and pipe onto prepared baking sheet. Coat the tops of the marshmallows with another thin dusting of powdered sugar after piping. Let the marshmallow air dry for 2 hours. Store all unused marshmallows in an airtight zip lock bag with a liberal amount of powdered sugar. The sugar is to keep the marshmallows from sticking together.nMelt the chocolate in a bowl over hot water. Pour the melted chocolate on a parchment lined baking sheet or counter top into one large sheet about 18 inch thick. Cool to room temperature and break into large pieces., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 1 13 cup honey, 1 13 cup molasses, 4 teaspoons vanilla extract, 8 whole eggs, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 4 cups wheat flour, 2 cups rye flour, 2 13 cups granulated sugar, 8 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 tablespoons ground cinnamon, Two dozen Orange Marshmallows, recipe follows, Chocolate Bark, recipe follows, Powdered sugar, as needed about 1 pound, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 4 egg whites, 2 tablespoons gelatin, 1 orange, zested, 3 pound semisweet coating chocolate], title: Table Top Smores, picturelink: sVcXPvXN.r5zB2svWh0tE6uwD6UQIIy}, 18717: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the broiler to high and arrange rack in upper third.nIn a large bowl, whisk together eggs, cheese, salt, and freshly ground black pepper until thoroughly combined.nIn a large ovenproof frying pan, heat the oil and the butter over mediumhigh heat. When it foams, add asparagus, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cilantro. Reduce heat to low, pour in egg mixture, and cook until a 1inch border of egg mixture is firm, about 3 minutes. The center of the frittata will not be set at this point. Place the pan in oven and broil until some spots are browned and eggs are just set, about 2 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve with a side salad. It can be served warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 12 cup shredded jack cheese, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 pound asparagus, trimmed, cut on diagonal into 14inch pieces about 3 cups, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Serving suggestion: basic green salad], title: Asparagus and Jack Cheese Frittata, picturelink: wUw3xReFYk2nFRbiE9NLuUHTAcUfm2}, 18718: {instructions: Lay tortilla out flat. Spread the cream cheese on the tortilla. Sprinkle lettuce, tomatoes, and onions in the center of the tortilla. Place the turkey all over. Top with avocado spread. Roll burrito style, making sure the ends are tucked in. Slice in half on the bias and serve.nJalapeno Cream Cheese: Mix the jalapenoes into the cream cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [4 large flour or corn tortillas, 4 ounces Jalapeno Cream Cheese, recipe follows, 8 ounces Romaine lettuce, shredded, 8 ounces tomatoes, seeded and diced, 4 ounces red onions, diced, 16 ounces smoked turkey, julienned, 8 ounces avocado spread such as guacamole, 1 12 jalapeno peppers, seeded and minced, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 12 teaspoons ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Smoked Turkey Southwestern Wrap, picturelink: null}, 18719: {instructions: HEAT preserves, 12 cup cream, chocolate, almond extract and salt in small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally until mixture boils. Cook, stirring frequently, until thickened. Remove from heat. Cool 8 to 10 minutes.nBEAT remaining 12 cup cream and powdered sugar in small chilled bowl with electric mixer on high speed until soft peaks form.nPLACE 5 cream puffs each in six stemmed dessert dishes. Spoon chocolate cherry sauce over cream puffs, dollop with whipped cream and top with a maraschino cherry. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 maraschino cherries, drained, 1 12 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Michigan Red Tart Cherry Preserves, 12 pt. 1 cup heavy cream, divided, 2 oz. bittersweet chocolate, 18 tsp. almond extract, 116 tsps. salt, 2 tbsps. powdered sugar, 1 13.2 oz. container frozen Belgian Cream Puffs 30 ct., thawed], title: Belgian Cream Puffs with Chocolate Cherry Sauce, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 18720: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a heavy bottomed pot, add enough oil to reach 4 inches up the sides. Preheat to 365 degrees F.nIn a mediumsized bowl, combine the flour, paprika, onion powder, salt, and baking powder. In a small bowl, whisk together the buttermilk and egg. Add the wet mixture to the dry mixture, whisking the batter until just combined. In a medium bowl or wide baking dish, add onion rings and dust with flour. Toss gently to uniformly coat rings, and shake off excess flour. Working in batches, dip floured onion rings into the batter, making sure they are thoroughly coated, then carefully add to the preheated oil. Cook until deep golden, flipping halfway through if necessary, about 2 minutes. Remove the onion rings to a paper towellined plate and season immediately with salt. Transfer to a serving platter and serve hot. No ketchup needed, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 2 teaspoons smoked sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 1 egg, 2 large Vidalia onions, cut into 1inch thick slices], title: Sweet n Smokey Onion Rings, picturelink: dNxmKpgIy79WYDw9NbITujJYufmdWu}, 18721: {instructions: In a large saucepan, cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1 inch and simmer, covered, until just tender, about 15 to 30 minutes, depending on size of potatoes. In a colander drain potatoes and cool to warm. With a sharp knife peel potatoes and cut crosswise into 12 inchthick slices.nWhile potatoes are boiling, prepare grill. In a small bowl whisk together oil, salt, jalapeno pepper and cumin and brush some onto both sides of potato slices, reserving remaining cumin oil. Grill slices on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until golden brown, about 1 minute on each side, and transfer with tongs to a platter.nThinly slice scallion diagonally and sprinkle over potatoes. Whisk lime juice into remaining cumin oil with salt and pepper to taste and drizzle over potatoes. Serve potato salad with lime wedges and sprinkle with coriander., ingredients: [2 12 pounds sweet potatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 small jalapeno pepper, diced fine, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 scallion, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, lime wedges, 14 cup fresh coriander leaves], title: Grilled Sweet Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 18722: {instructions: If uncooked meat is used, simmer beef 2 to 3 hours or until very tender, adding suet for last 12 hour of cooking. When cooked, chop beef and suet very fine, into about 14inch pieces. Pare, core, and chop apples to make 3 cups. Mix beef, suet, apples, raisins or currants, white and brown sugars, spices, brandy, and cider or apple juice. Prepare the piecrust. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Roll out piecrust dough and line pie plates with pastry fill each with half of meat mixture. Cover with top crusts, seal edges, and slit 2 holes on top for steam to escape. If desired, spread a thick layer of butter on pastry for flaky upper crust. Bake until apples are cooked and meat is heated through, about 1 hour., ingredients: [1 14 pounds beef round or leftover roast, 14 pound suet, 1 12 pounds apples, 1 cup raisins or currants, 12 cup white sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground clove, 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 14 cup brandy, 2 cups cider or apple juice, Piecrust recipe, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Mince Pie, picturelink: null}, 18723: {instructions: Boil potatoes off in a large pot of salted water until tender. Drain the water and place potatoes back in pan.nIn a large saucepan, heat heavy cream, butter and garlic to a light simmer. Once cream starts to simmer, turn off the heat and add to the potatoes. Mash together. Fold in cheese, peppercorns and salt, to taste. Garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [3 pounds red bliss potatoes, quartered and boiled fork tender, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 stick butter, 6 cloves garlic smashed, 8 ounces shredded Cheddar, Cracked peppercorns, Kosher salt, Chives, for garnish], title: GarlicCheese Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: b8vja4hC7RO0LKLEUG39AMkhK5IegA2}, 18724: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt 4 tablespoons butter in heavy medium pot over mediumhigh heat. Add broccoli, onion, carrot, salt and pepper and saute until onion is translucent, about 6 minutes. Add the flour and cook for 1 minute, until the flour reaches a blonde color. Add stock and bring to boil.nSimmer uncovered until broccoli is tender, about 15 minutes. Pour in cream. With an immersion blender, puree the soup. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and then replace the lid back on the pot. Serve hot with Homemade Croutons.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCut bread into cubes and place in a large bowl. Drizzle cubes with olive oil, salt, pepper and red pepper flakes. Mix well.nSpread seasoned bread onto a sheet pan and bake for about 15 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, room temperature, 1 12 pounds fresh broccoli, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup cream, Homemade Croutons, recipe follows, Day old French bread, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Broccoli Soup, picturelink: xLB3DQYLGxPhn5evVLrhHe.m7uZ5HW}, 18725: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the spicy chipotle crema: In a blender, add the sour cream, milk, olive oil, garlic powder, salt, pepper and chiles and blend until combined. You can always add more peppers for a hotter sauce. Set aside.nFor the tostadas: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Add the garlic and onion and saute until translucent. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper and add to the skillet. Cook until the shrimp start to change to a pinkish tone, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the tequila to the skillet and tilt the skillet slightly over the burner to ignite it. Remove the skillet from the heat and let the flames subside, then return it back to mediumhigh heat. Add the chipotle crema, bring to a simmer and cook until fully combined and warm, about 2 minutes.nDivide the shrimp mixture among the tostadas and sprinkle with the cilantro., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 14 cup milk, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Pinch salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 3 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, plus more if desired, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 onion, finely chopped, 2 pounds peeled large or jumbo shrimp, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 14 cup tequila, for flambeing, 8 tostadas, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Flamed Shrimp Chipotle Tostadas, picturelink: L7ivG2c62fIIYezaG1tIMPgoaXI7svG}, 18726: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a 9inch pie dish with cooking spray.nTo prepare the crust, put the oats, flour and salt in the bowl of a food processor and pulse 3 times to combine. Add the butter and pulse about 12 times, until you get a pebbly course texture. Add the buttermilk and pulse 3 to 5 times more to combine. Form the mixture into a ball and place it between 2 large pieces of waxed paper. Roll out into a circle about 10 inches in diameter.nRemove the top sheet of waxed paper. Transfer the crust, still on the other piece of waxed paper to the pie dish, then remove the waxed paper from the top. Press the crust gently into the dish. Bake for 9 minutes, then let cool.nTo prepare the filling, heat 2 teaspoons of oil in a large nonstick pan over a mediumlow heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and caramelized, about 20 minutes. Transfer the onions to a bowl. Add the remaining 2 teaspoons of oil to the pan and heat over a mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until they have released their water and begin to brown, about 6 minutes. Add the onions back to the pan, stir in the salt, pepper, mustard and thyme.nIn a medium bowl whisk together the eggs, egg whites and evaporated milk.nSprinkle the cheese into the pie crust. Top with the mushroomonion mixture and pour the egg mixture on top. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake for 35 minutes or until knife inserted in the middle comes out clean. Let stand for 5 minutes before cutting into 6 wedges and serving.nExcellent source of: Protein, Riboflavin, Phosphorus, SeleniumnGood source of: Vitamin A, Niacin, Vitamin D, Pantothenic Acid, Calcium, Iodine, Iron, Potassium, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup rolled oats, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons cold, unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 3 tablespoons cold, lowfat buttermilk, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 1 large onion, sliced thinly into half moons, 8 ounces sliced mixed mushrooms, such as cremini, oyster, shiitake, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon dry, 3 large eggs, 3 egg whites, 1 cup evaporated fatfree milk not condensed milk, 23 cup grated Gruyere cheese about 1ounce], title: Caramelized Onion, Mushroom and Gruyere Quiche with Oat Crust, picturelink: MECDmOHgImBShukFT8iwBEfp4Rd0yu}, 18727: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt 1 teaspoon coconut oil in a saute pan over mediumlow heat. When hot, add the plantains and cook until tender and darkly caramelized on both sides, about 10 minutes. Add more coconut oil as needed, a teaspoon at a time, if the pan gets dry. Remove the plantains from the pan and set aside.nAdd the onions and peppers to the pan and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Saute until golden brown and tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Set aside.nMelt 12 teaspoon coconut oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Fry the tortillas in the oil until golden brown and crispy, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove to a papertowellined plate and reserve.nPour 1 12 cups of the salsa into a 9by13inch baking dish. Add a layer of 6 tortillas, then layer with half of the rice, corn, black beans, sauteed onions and peppers and fried plantains. Sprinkle with half of the fajita seasoning and onethird of the Jack cheese. Add another layer of 6 tortillas and spread evenly with 1 12 cups of the salsa. Repeat the layering. Top with the remaining 6 tortillas, 1 12 cups salsa, Jack cheese and the ground tortilla chips.nBake, uncovered, until the top is golden brown and bubbly, 35 to 45 minutes.nTop as you like, and enjoy Enchalasagna, ingredients: [Coconut oil, for sauteing, 3 very ripe medium plantains, peeled and sliced into thirds see Cooks Note, 1 medium onion, cut into 12inch slices, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced 12inch thick, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 18 small corn tortillas 5 12 inches wide, Three 14ounce jars of your favorite roasted salsa, medium spicy, 1 cup cooked rice, 1 cup frozen corn, One 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, One 1ounce package fajita seasoning mix, 16 ounces Jack cheese, shredded, 30 tortilla chips, ground like panko breadcrumbs, Sour cream, Salsa, Fresh cilantro, chopped, Avocado slices], title: Enchalasagna, picturelink: zxVfYe632pE6CinrHwpYpv.EnE1oce}, 18728: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two 9inchround cake pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper butter the parchment and dust the pans with flour, tapping out the excess.nWhisk 3 cups flour, the baking powder and salt in a bowl until combined. Beat 2 sticks butter and the sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to medium beat in the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the bowl as needed. Beat in the vanilla. The mixture may look separated at this point. Beat in the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the milk, beginning and ending with flour, until just smooth.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans. Bake until the cakes are lightly golden on top and a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Transfer to racks and let cool 10 minutes, then run a knife around the edge of the pans and turn the cakes out onto the racks to cool completely. Remove the parchment. Trim the tops of the cakes with a long serrated knife to make them level, if desired.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pans, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pans, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups whole milk or 34 cup heavy cream mixed with 12 cup water], title: Basic Vanilla Cake, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 18729: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 34 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta. Add the butter to the empty pot and melt over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Add the flour and mustard powder and cook, stirring, until the flour begins to toast, about 1 minute. Whisk in the milk and the reserved cooking water cook, whisking, until thick, about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium. Whisk in the sour cream, mozzarella, Swiss cheese and 1 tablespoon parmesan continue whisking until melted, about 1 minute. Stir in the pasta, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper transfer to a 2quart baking dish. Preheat the broiler. Combine the remaining 2 tablespoons parmesan, the herbs, and salt and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Sprinkle over the pasta. Broil until golden and bubbly, about 2 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces fusilli or other corkscrew pasta, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 medium shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 12 cup skim milk, 13 cup lowfat sour cream, 23 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 23 cup shredded lowfat Swiss cheese, 3 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, basil andor chives], title: LightenedUp Mac and Cheese, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 18730: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the garlic, onions, salt and 5 cups water in a 12inch highsided saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the chicken breasts and bay leaf, and lower the heat to a simmer. Cook the chicken, partially covered, until cooked through, about 35 minutes. To check for doneness, slit the chicken in half to make sure the interior is no longer pink. Remove the chicken reserve the broth and allow to cool slightly. When cool enough to handle, shred by hand and place in a medium bowl.nRemove enough broth to leave about 2 cups in the pan with the onions and garlic cool and refrigerate or freeze the extra broth for another use. Remove the bay leaf. Add the tomatillos and jalapenos and cook until the tomatillos are olive green, 10 to 12 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer the solid ingredients onions, tomatillos and garlic to a blender. Add the cilantro and process until smooth using some of the liquid in the pan if needed. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the salsa back into the saucepan and bring to a boil add the chicken and cook until the flavors incorporate, about 5 minutes. Adjust the seasoning. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo assemble the empanadas: Dust a flat surface with flour. Roll out the pizza dough about 18 to 14 inch thick. Using a 6inch round cookie cutter or a bowl or plate with the same diameter, cut the dough into circles. Expect to get about 3 circles from 1 pound of dough. Brush the egg wash over the surface of one dough round. Add 2 tablespoons of filling onto half of the circle and sprinkle about 1 ounce of mozzarella on top of the filling, if using. Fold the plain half over the filling. Seal the edges with fork tines or crimp decoratively. Repeat for the remaining empanadas. Save any leftover filling in an airtight container in the fridge for up to a week for another use.nTransfer the empanadas to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Using a pastry brush, brush the tops of the empanadas with the egg wash. Bake until crisp and golden brown, about 20 minutes. Let cool for about 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 onion, quartered, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 pounds bonein chicken breasts about 2, 1 bay leaf, 8 tomatillos, husks removed and rinsed, 2 jalapenos, stemmed and halved, 12 cup lightly packed fresh cilantro, tender stems and leaves, Salt and black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 pounds purchased pizza dough from your local pizzeria, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, 6 ounces shredded mozzarella, optional], title: Pizza Dough Chicken Empanadas, picturelink: ju7FGWPgI.biBYh.9vowkVb4gyGo0Xa}, 18731: {instructions: After the dough has risen for at least 48 hours, hand stretch the dough into a 12inch circle, being sure to leave a little bit of gas in the dough as you shape it. Place dough onto a floured pizza peel. Preheat an oven with a pizza stone to 550 degrees F, if possible. If your oven does not go up to 550 degrees F, preheat it to the highest temperature possible. Add the mozzarella, Gorgonzola, and Asiago on top of the dough, leaving a 12inch border at the edge. Slide it onto the preheated stone and bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from heat and add the sweet fig preserve in dollops, followed by the shaved Parmesan and prosciutto. Lightly shower the pizza with the aged balsamic vinegar and cut into 8 slices., ingredients: [1 9ounce pizza dough ball, Flour, for pizza peel, 7 ounces whole milk California mozzarella, grated, 2 ounces Italian Gorgonzola, pinched dime sized, 2 ounces Italian Asiago, shaved, 10 to 12 teaspoons sweet fig preserve recommended: Dalmatia brand, 1 ounce true ParmigianoReggiano, grated, 1 piece thickly sliced prosciutto di Parma, cut into strips, Aged balsamic vinegar from Modena preferably aged over 5 years], title: CalItalia Pizza, picturelink: null}, 18732: {instructions: Make the smoothies: Combine the yogurt, 1 12 cups ice, carrots, 2 tablespoons of the maple syrup and the ginger in a blender and blend until smooth. Divide among four glasses and refrigerate until ready to serve.nMake the sauce: Combine the blueberries and the remaining 3 tablespoons of maple syrup in a small microwavesafe bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave until the blueberries pop, about 2 minutes. Set aside.nPreheat a waffle iron and lightly coat with the nonstick cooking spray. Whisk together the milk, egg, cinnamon and 18 teaspoon salt in a baking dish. Soak a piece of bread, on each side, for a few seconds. Place on the waffle iron, close and cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove and keep warm on a plate covered in foil, repeat with the remaining bread.nDivide the waffles and blueberry sauce evenly among four plates, sprinkle with almonds. Serve with the smoothies., ingredients: [2 cups lowfat plain yogurt, 2 medium carrots, roughly chopped, 5 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon chopped ginger, 1 cup blueberries, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup 2percent milk, 1 large egg, Large pinch ground cinnamon, Kosher salt, 4 slices whole wheat bread, 2 tablespoons toasted almonds], title: Waffled Blueberry French Toast with a CarrotGinger Smoothie, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 18733: {instructions: Soak the skewers in water about 30 minutes to avoid burning when you cook the lamb. Spear the lamb half way on the skewer, leave room for the stick to be handled. Combine the yogurt and spice blend. Place the lamb in the yogurt mixture and marinate in the refrigerator overnight. Remove from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Sear in a hot pan or on a grill surface for 2 minutes on each side, or until cooked to desired doneness., ingredients: [20 8inch wooden skewers, 1 pound lamb top round, cut into 20 thin slices, 2 cups yogurt, 2 tablespoons favorite spice mix, Salt and pepper], title: Lamb Skewers, picturelink: null}, 18734: {instructions: Preheat a waffle iron according to manufacturers instructions.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and 12 teaspoon salt.nIn another bowl, whisk together the milk, eggs, and butter. Add the wet mixture to the dry and whisk to combine, being careful not to over mix. Some lumps are good.nDepending on the size of your waffle maker, add 14 to 12 cup of batter into the center of the waffle iron. Close the lid and cook until golden and crisp, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd the blueberries, maple syrup and zest to a saucepan and heat over medium heat. Use a wooden spoon to break up some of the berries. Simmer for 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups whole milk, 2 large eggs, 6 tablespoons butter, melted and cooled, Cinnamon and powdered sugar, for serving, Blueberry Syrup, for serving, 2 cups frozen blueberries, thawed, 12 cup pure maple syrup, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon zest], title: CinnamonSugar Waffles with Blueberry Syrup, picturelink: pyzML14LNA0SmWfv0A7IT5hdRN6Myge}, 18735: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F 350 degrees F for dark pans. Grease bottom and sides of 13x9inch pan.nIf using crescent rolls: Unroll dough into 2 long rectangles. If using dough sheet: Unroll dough. Place in pan press over bottom and 12 inch up sides to form crust. Bake 5 minutes.nRemove partially baked crust from oven. Sprinkle vanilla chips, chocolate chips, almonds and cashews evenly over crust. Pour condensed milk evenly over top.nReturn to oven bake 20 to 25 minutes longer or until golden brown. Cool 10 minutes. Run knife around sides of pan. Cool 1 hour. Refrigerate about 30 minutes or until chocolate is set. For bars, cut into 9 rows by 4 rows., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu00ae refrigerated seamless dough sheet, 1 cup white vanilla baking chips, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup slivered almonds, 1 cup cashew halves and pieces, 1 can 14 oz sweetened condensed milk not evaporated], title: Crescent Layer Bars, picturelink: null}, 18736: {instructions: Wearing thin medical examination gloves, peel and slice the beet on a mandolin very thinly as if for potato chips. Cut out the desired shape with aspic cutters. Line a cookie sheet with parchment. Spray the parchment with cooking spray. Dust lightly with sugar and lay the beet on it. Dust again with sugar. Leave in a pilotlit oven overnight to dry out. When crisp and dry, lift off the shapes carefully with a metal spatula and store in an airtight container lined with parchment. 1 pound plain short crust pastry doughnRoll the dough 18inch thin to line miniature tartlet shells. Blind bake the tartlet shells for about 8 minutes, in a preheated 325 degrees oven, with another mold inside it to help the tartlet keep its shape and prevent puffing up. Cool on rack.nPar boil the florets in salted water until just past crunchy. Drain well. Place back in pan over low heat to evaporate excess moisture for 1 to 2 minutes. Lightly mash the cauliflower with a fork.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Over gentle heat, melt the butter and sweat the shallots until translucentabout 4 minutes. The shallots should not brown in order to keep the final mixture white. Off the heat, add the remaining ingredients. Taste and season. Chill. Fill each tartlet with a spoonful of the cauliflower mixture. Place in oven for 3 minutes, until heated through. Garnish with candied beet chips and grin with pleasure., ingredients: [1 small beetroot, Cooking spray, 14 cup sugar, 2 cups cauliflower florets, Salted water, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, Mashed cauliflower, 34 cup crumbled chevre, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch freshly ground nutmeg, 14 cup finely snipped chives, Salt and freshly ground white pepper], title: CauliflowerChevre Tartlets with Candied Beets, picturelink: null}, 18737: {instructions: Cook orzo according to package directions.nSoak mushrooms in 1 cup hot water for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper and add to hot pan. Sear 2 minutes on each side, until golden brown. Remove chicken from skillet and set aside. To the same pan, add garlic and shallots and saute 3 minutes, until soft. Add sherry and thyme and cook 1 minute. Return chicken to pan with the chicken broth and chestnuts. Drain mushrooms through a paper towellined sieve and add to pan with the strained soaking liquid. Simmer 5 minutes, until chicken is cooked through. Remove 2 chicken breast halves and reserve for another meal. To the skillet, add heavy cream and simmer 2 minutes. Remove from heat and serve chicken and mushroom sauce over half of the orzo pasta, reserving second half of orzo for another meal. Serve spinach on the side., ingredients: [2 pounds orzo pasta, 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup chopped shallots, 12 cup dry sherry, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 cup chopped canned or bottled shelled chestnuts, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 ounces spinach, cleaned and steamed in the microwave], title: PanSeared Chicken with PorciniChestnut Sauce with Steamed Spinach and Orzo, picturelink: .5cGMk.cely6HTjH9kZydAiBMlRDBku}, 18738: {instructions: Season the quails with salt, and pepper. Melt half the butter with a drop of oil in a heavy casserole, and brown the quails on all sides over mediumhigh heat. Cooks Note: you could also use lard. Remove the quail from the pan, and set aside. Add the bacon to the pan, brown it, and remove. Finally, fry the onion until golden, adding more fat to the pan beforehand, if needed.nStir the flour into the onions, and cook 1 minute. Deglaze the pan with the wine, stirring up the good bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Return the onions, bacon and quails to the pot. Pour over the stock, cover, and simmer until the quails are just cooked through, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining butter a little more if you like and cook each type of mushroom separate, as the various types cook differently. Season the mushrooms with salt and pepper as you go, then, at the end, toss them all together with the chopped parsley.nWhen the quails are done, remove them from the cooking liquid and keep them warm while you boil the juices, uncovered, to reduce to thin sauce consistency. Add the mushrooms to the sauce. Tilt into a serving dish, set the quails on top, and serve., ingredients: [4 quails, cleaned and trussed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, plus more if needed, Splash oil, 14 pound bacon, cut into slivers, 1 onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup veal stock, 34 pound assorted mushrooms, trimmed and halved 14 part trompettes de la mort, 14 part chanterelles, and 12 part cremini, Small handful chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Braised Quails with Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 18739: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix chicken with milk and sambal. Let stand for 2 hours in the fridge. Mix the rest together. Preheat a fryer to 350 degrees. Pull out each piece of chicken and completely dredge in the flour mix. Fry 4 to 6 pieces at a time until GBD. Check for doneness, will take about 8 minutes. Season lightly with salt., ingredients: [5 pounds mixed chicken pieces. I prefer the legs and thighs, 3 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons sambal, 3 cups all purpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 tablespoon coarse ground black pepper corn, 1 tablespoon coarse ground coriander, 1 tablespoon five spice, 1 tablespoon salt, Salt to taste], title: Asian Spiced Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 18740: {instructions: In a medium skillet, cook the sausage over low heat for 10 minutes, shaking frequently. Remove from the pan, drain on paper towels and set aside. Place the frisee, tomatoes, cheese and cooked chorizo in a large bowl and drizzle with the vinaigrette. Toss well to coat and serve on chilled plates with rings of red onion on top.nCombine the garlic, vinegar, honey and lime juice in a blender and puree until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper.nTo roast garlic: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Drizzle a tiny bit of olive oil over unpeeled garlic cloves, and wrap in aluminum foil. Place on a cookie sheet and bake about 1 hour, or until soft throughout. Set aside to cool, then peel., ingredients: [12 pound smoked Spanish chorizo sausage, cut into 14 inch sticks, 6 cups frisee or curly endive, washed and dried, 1 cup roasted garlic vinaigrette, 4 small ripe tomatoes, seeded and diced, 14 cup grated Spanish Manchego cheese, 1 small red onion, sliced and separated into rings, 12 garlic cloves, roasted and peeled, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, Juice of one fresh lime, 12 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Frisee Salad with Chorizo and Roasted Garlic Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 18741: {instructions: Put all ingredients in a large high sided saute pan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to mediumhigh and cook until stock has evaporated and a glaze has formed over all. With tongs toss sausages with onions and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh chicken sausage, 1 pint chicken stock, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium red onion, sliced], title: Braised Chicken Sausages, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 18742: {instructions: Toss cubed potato with a pinch of cumin, salt and olive oil to coat. Roast on cookie sheet in a 400 degree F oven until brown. Let sit to cool.nPut dressing ingredients in a mixing bowl and mix. Add vegetables, toss and add fish last. Toss and adjust seasonings. Let sit and reseason before serving., ingredients: [1 large smoked trout, boned and broken up, 12 cup celery, sliced on an angle, 12 medium red onion, diced, 1 baking potato, peeled and cubed, 12 cup tomato, seeded and chopped, 14 cup cilantro, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon capers, chopped, 2 teaspoons pickled Serrano chilies, chopped, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon Serrano juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon cumin powder], title: Smoked Trout Salpicon, picturelink: null}, 18743: {instructions: In the top half of a double boiler, combine the 2 chocolates over simmering water.nMeanwhile in another small saucepan, heat the water to boiling and pour it over the fresh mint leaves in another bowl. Let steep while the chocolate is melting.nUsing a sieve over a bowl, strain the mint water, reserving the water. Keep the water hot.nStir the chocolate occasionally until melted then whisk in the corn syrup and mint infused hot water dont remove the double boiler from the heat. Whisk until smooth and shiny. The sauce can be made up to 24 hours in advance and refrigerated. To rewarm, stir over low heat or heat in a microwave., ingredients: [9 ounces semisweet chocolate, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 1 cup water, 14 cup fresh mint leaves or 1 mint tea bag, 12 cup light corn syrup], title: Warm Chocolate Mint Sauce, picturelink: 8lbtIx1zkM3NKFSGXe8qXbeCT38554S}, 18744: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pot and saute the onion, carrot, and celery until the carrot and celery are soft and the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the squash and thyme and saute until all of the vegetables are coated with oil, about 2 minutes. Add the stock and the 2 cups of cider and simmer until the squash is very soft, about 30 minutes. Remove from heat. Puree the mixture, in small batches, in a blender on medium speed until smooth and well blended. Place the pureed mixture into another pot and stir in either the cream, cider or stock to achieve the desired consistency. Add the salt and black pepper. Heat gently and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 large onion, diced, 12 large carrot, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded and diced, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, rinsed, 5 cups chicken stock or canned chicken broth, 2 cups apple cider, 2 cups heavy cream, apple cider, or chicken stock optional, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: ButternutCider Bisque, picturelink: null}, 18745: {instructions: Put the vinegar, mustard, egg yolk, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl or 2cup glass measuring cup. Slowly whisk in the olive oil, making an emulsion. Place the arugula in a large salad bowl, pour on enough vinaigrette to moisten, and toss well.nDistribute the arugula on 4 dinner plates. Place half a burrata, cut side down, in the middle of the plate and artfully arrange the prosciutto around it I tear each slice of prosciutto in half lengthwise. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [14 cup good white wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 extralarge egg yolk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good olive oil, 9 ounces baby arugula, 2 8ounce balls of burrata or mozzarella, 14 pound thinly sliced Italian prosciutto 8 to 10 large slices], title: Arugula With Proscuitto And Burrata, picturelink: W7QBUTy.6D.9lhGnZqaqwZL1oq7TLae}, 18746: {instructions: Peel the sweet potatoes and cook in boiling water until soft. Drain, dry, and mash. Pour the cold water into a saucepan on moderate heat and stir in the sugar. Cook until sugar is dissolved and the liquid is clear, about 8 minutes. Cut the top and bottom of the pineapple, trim off the outer skin and slice flesh into 4 and remove the center core. Place flesh into a blender and puree at high speed. Sieve this mixture into a bowl. Dissolve the gelatin in water. Soak the raisins in rum. Chill the terrine or a square mold.nIn a bowl, mix the pineapple with the mashed sweet potatoes. Place the clear syrup in a large pan on high heat and add the pineapple and potato mixture. Reduce the heat to low and let cook down to a very thick custard texture. Whenever you use fresh pineapple you must heat it to the boil in order to kill the Bromeline content. Bromeline is a great digestive, but it stops gelatin from setting.nPour mixture into a chilled terrine or mold and place in the refrigerator to set. When firm and chilled, remove Ate from the refrigerator, unmold and slice. Serve with Camembert cheese surrounded with raisins soaked in rum, and toasted almonds. Can also be served spooned out of the mold like a jam., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes, 34 cup cold water, 2 pounds granulated sugar, 4 pounds fresh pineapple, 2 packets gelatin, 2 ounces raisins, 2 ounces rum or tequila, Camembert cheese, 2 ounces toasted almonds], title: Ate, picturelink: null}, 18747: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pine nuts on a small baking sheet and toast in the oven until very lightly browned and fragrant, 6 to 10 minutes. Check the nuts frequently because they can quickly go from perfectly toasted to burnt Remove from the oven and let cool completely.nCombine the gorgonzola and heavy cream in a small bowl and use a fork or small whisk to whip the mixture together until smooth. Smear a scant teaspoon of the gorgonzola mixture on the end of each endive leaf, then lightly drizzle with some of the honey. Sprinkle with the toasted pine nuts and pomegranate seeds and garnish with the mint leaves.nPhotograph by Tara Donne, ingredients: [2 tablespoons pine nuts, 4 ounces gorgonzola cheese, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 20 medium endive leaves, 1 to 2 tablespoons local honey, 2 tablespoons pomegranate seeds, 20 small mint leaves], title: Endive Bites with Gorgonzola and Honey, picturelink: LmwrDV.ZGWyyJPlRqUHxiB4gaglTsdm}, 18748: {instructions: Sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and baking soda. Set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment beat butter, vegetable shortening, granulated sugar, and 1 cup light brown sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing until fully combined between each addition. Add vanilla beat to combine. Gradually add dry ingredients and mix on low speed until fully combined. Remove from mixer. Using a wooden spoon, stir in chocolate chips. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and chill until firm, about 1 hour.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine baking sheets with silpats French nonstick baking mats or parchment paper.nIn a small bowl using a rubber spatula, stir together peanut butter and remaining 14 cup light brown sugar.nUsing a 1 14inch scoop or heaping tablespoon, drop dough onto prepared baking sheets about 2 inches apart. Make a thumbprint in the center of each cookie. Fill thumbprint with 1 teaspoon peanut butter mixture. Top with a second scoop of dough and carefully mold dough to cover surprise.nBake until firm, about 12 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool for 5 minutes before transferring cookies to wire rack to cool. Repeat with remaining dough., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup Dutch process cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 14 cups light brown sugar, firmly packed, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup smooth peanut butter], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Surprise, picturelink: null}, 18749: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat provided baking trays with nostick cooking spray. Place on baking sheet. PREPARE brownie mix according to package directions using the water. Fill prepared tray with about 1 tablespoon batter in each cup. BAKE 15 minutes. Remove from oven. Immediately press a peanut butter cup into each brownie. Refrigerate 30 to 40 minutes or until chocolate is set. Remove by running knife around each brownie bite and lifting out of cup., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 7.1 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Brownie Minisu00bf Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix, 3 tbsps. water, 12 miniature peanut butter cups, unwrapped], title: Brownie Peanut Butter Bites, picturelink: null}, 18750: {instructions: In a non reactive bowl, stir halibut with onion, lime juice and vinegar to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 4 to 6 hours.nDiscard halibut marinade and in a clean bowl combine halibut and bell pepper.nFor dressing combine lime juice and rice vinegar and while whisking, add olive oil in a slow stream. Add lime zest, chives, cilantro, mint and chili flakes. Fold in halibut and bell pepper mixture and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Spoon into martini glasses and top with radish sprouts., ingredients: [1 pound halibut fillet, diced into 12inch pieces, 1 large red onion, diced small, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 yellow bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and diced small, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced, fresh garlic chives, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon minced, fresh mint leaves, 1 teaspoon chili flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint daikon radish sprouts], title: Halibut Ceviche, picturelink: cUJ3W3fqhYp9.NlgCqPwmNU0M06ermC}, 18751: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nPineapple Marinade:nWhisk all the ingredients together thoroughly in a nonreactive baking dish. Add the fillets to the marinade and turn to coat. Let marinate while you prepare the salsa.nMangoHabanero Salsa:nCombine all of the ingredients for the salsa in a bowl. Stir gently to combine. Set aside while you prepare the rub.nBarbeque Rub:nCombine all of the ingredients for the rub in a bowl. Stir until well mixed.nTake the fillets out of the marinade and coat with the rub on both sides. Grill the fillets for 5 to 7 minuets on each side or until flaky. Serve with salsa over top., ingredients: [34 cup pineapple juice, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons mirin, 4 salmon fillets, 2 mangos, peeled and diced, 14 cup minced red onion, 12 tomato, diced, 1 whole habanero pepper, seeded and diced, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Barbecued Salmon Surfer Style with MangoHabanero Salsa, picturelink: null}, 18752: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, combine the lime juice and salt. One at a time, dip the chips into the mixture and arrange on a cooling rack set inside a sheet pan. Allow to dry for 1 hour or until there are no visible signs of moisture on the chips.nPlace the oil into a 5quart pot or Dutch oven and heat to 365 to 375 degrees F. Gently lower the chips, 5 to 6 at a time, into the oil and fry for 20 to 30 seconds. Using a slotted spoon or spider, remove the chips to a newspaperlined sheet pan. Allow to cool 3 to 4 minutes before serving.nIf you prefer plain tortilla chips simply stack the fresh tortillas, cut into quarters and fry according to the instructions above. If you are making chips from the Good Eats recipe in this episode, the cooking time will be 1 to 1 12 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 10 fresh corn tortillas, cut into quarters, 2 quarts peanut oil], title: Lime Tortilla Chips, picturelink: null}, 18753: {instructions: Cut the peel and pith from 1 pink grapefruit with a paring knife, then cut into segments and chop. Whip 1 12 cups heavy cream with 6 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon Campari until soft peaks form. Fold in the grapefruit. Divide among bowls.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Grapefruit Mousse, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 18754: {instructions: Bring a gallon of water to a boil in a stockpot. Salt it with 2 tablespoons sea salt. Wash the baby vegetables under cold water in colander.nBlanch vegetables in boiling water for 2 minutes, drain and refresh in cool water. Dry well.nIn a large saute pan heat 1 tablespoon of butter with the garlic and saute until light brown. Add the cold water. When water comes to a simmer reduce heat to low and swirl in the butter, whisking constantly, one tablespoon at a time. When you add in the last of the butter also add the vegetables, tarragon, and pepper and just heat through. Taste and season with salt if needed. Remove from heat and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sea salt, 1 pound baby vegetables zucchini, pattypan squash, carrots, etc., 2 cloves garlic, sliced thin, 5 ounces sweet butter 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons, 5 tablespoons cold water, 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon, chopped, 12 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper], title: Baby Vegetables with Tarragon Nage, picturelink: Heb8r6zM72y3fCsmeU4AcZ3dxZjHkO}, 18755: {instructions: The night before, make incisions in pork butt and stuff with jalapeno peppers. Then, rub with your favorite blend of Cajun spices.nStart fire in smoker about 13 hours before you want to serve the pork. When the temperature reaches 200 degrees F, put pork butt in, uncovered. About 7 hours later, take meat out and baste with your favorite BBQ marinade, wrap pork in foil and return to smoker. Turn heat up to about 300 degrees F and let cook about another 5 hours.nWhen the bone slides out, the pork is done. Remove from smoker and pull pork apart. Serve on a bun and if, desired, your favorite barbecue sauce., ingredients: [1 2 to 3pound Boston pork butt, Jalapeno peppers pickled in vinegar, Cajun spices, BBQ baste and marinade], title: Smoked Pulled Pork, picturelink: null}, 18756: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a 4quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, garlic, thyme, carrots, celery, and 12 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook 1 minute, stirring to coat the vegetables. Add the beef, 1 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook, breaking up the meat with a spoon, until browned, about 5 minutes.nAdd the canned tomatoes, bucatini, 3 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt. Stir to ensure the pasta is submerged in liquid. Bring to a boil and continue to cook, stirring frequently to keep the pasta from sticking to the bottom of the pot, until the pasta is al dente and the sauce has thickened, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the thyme sprigs. Stir in the Parmesan and parsley and season with salt to taste. Divide among 4 bowls and serve with additional parsley and Parmesan.nCooks Note: The success of this recipe is dependent upon the specific pasta shape suggested, so we dont recommend substitutions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 medium carrots, finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 pound ground beef chuck 80 to 85percent lean, Freshly ground black pepper, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 12 ounces bucatini, broken in half see Cooks Note, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus additional for serving, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, plus additional for serving], title: OnePot Bucatini Bolognese, picturelink: 2MoaJW1BRrm7vllOB6g.LtYrCxGk0q}, 18757: {instructions: To make the sandwiches: Lay the bread out on the work surface. Spread one side of each slice with the mustard. Spread half of the cheese on 4 slices of the bread. Cover with half of the turkey and season with salt and pepper to taste. Evenly spread the cranberry on the turkey on the sandwich. Top with the remaining turkey season with salt and pepper to taste, and cover with the remaining cheese and bread. Press down slightly on each sandwich. In a lipped plate or dish, whisk together the eggs and milk, and season with salt and pepper to taste. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat 2 large skillets over mediumlow heat, add a tablespoon of both butter and oil to each pan. Dip and coat each of the sandwiches in the egg mixture and lay in the pans. Cook until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the sandwiches to a baking sheet and bake until the cheese is melted, about 6 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Eight 12 inch thick slices challah bread or brioche, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 6 ounces smoked Gouda cheese, shredded, 12 ounces thinly sliced cooked turkey breast, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup whole berry cranberry sauce or relish, 3 large eggs, 13 cup milk, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Turkey Monte Cristo Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 18758: {instructions: For the dough, beat the butter and sugar with the paddle on medium speed until very soft and light. Beat in the vanilla and the yolk and continue beating until smooth and shiny, about 3 more minutes. Stop the mixer, sift the cake flour and add to the butter mixture. Pulse the mixer on and off to incorporate the flour. Scrape the dough onto a piece of plastic, wrap and chill it until firm.nFor the almond filling, combine almond paste, sugar, yolk and zest and beat by machine until smooth. Beat in butter, scrape bowl and beaters and beat in eggs. Continue beating until light.nStir in flour. Divide the dough into 4 parts and roll one piece at a time on a floured surface. Use each piece of dough to line a 3 to 4 inch diameter tart pan. Mass the scraps together after rolling the dough for the first four pans and line the last two.nArrange the sliced berries evenly on the crust in each pan, then top with the almond filling, spreading it evenly with a metal spatula. Strew evenly with the sliced almonds.nBake the tarts at 350 degrees about 25 minutes, until dough is baked through and filling is set.nCool in pan, unmold and dust with confectioners sugar. Decorate each tart with a few whole berries., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg yolk, 1 14 cups cake flour, 12 pound almond paste, 13 cup sugar, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 stick soft butter, 2 eggs, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 pint strawberries, rinsed, hulled and sliced, 12 cup sliced almonds, Whole berries and confectioners sugar for finishing], title: Strawberry Almond Tarts, picturelink: null}, 18759: {instructions: Prepare the chimichurri. Combine the herbs and garlic in a food processor and finely chop. Add the oil, vinegar, water, salt, pepper and hot pepper flakes and process to make a thick sauce. Correct the seasoning, adding salt or vinegar, to taste. The chimichurri should be highly seasoned. Pour a 14 of the chimichurri into a baking dish just large enough to hold the tenderloin.nHolding the knife parallel to the cutting board, cut the tenderloin lengthwise into 4 flat even slices. Place each slice between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and pound with the side of a cleaver or a scaloppini pounder to a thickness of 14inch. Arrange the steaks on top of the chimichurri in the baking dish. Pour another 14 of the chimichurri on top. Marinate the beef for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nSet up the grill for direct grilling and preheat to high. If using charcoal, toss the chips directly on the coals. If using gas, place them in the smoker box and preheat until you see smoke. If your grill lacks a smoker box, use a foil smoking pouch. Arrange the beef slices on the grate on the diagonal and grill until cooked to taste, about 2 minutes a side for mediumrare, rotating the slices 90 degrees after 1 minute to create an attractive crosshatch of grill marks. Transfer the churrasco to plates or a platter and serve with the remaining chimichurri sauce on the side., ingredients: [5 to 6inch piece of beef tenderloin cut from the centerabout 1 12 pounds, 1 cup cilantro leaves, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 cup flatleaf parsley, 6 cloves fresh garlic, peeled, 12 teaspoon hot pepper flakes, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup white vinegar, 13 cup water, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, Special Equipment: 2 cups oak chips, soaked in cold water for 1 hour, then drained optional], title: Churrasco with Chimichurri, picturelink: null}, 18760: {instructions: Slice 4 very thin slices from the cucumber, then peel, seed and coarsely chop the rest. Combine the lime juice, chopped cucumber, some Simple Syrup and 2 cups cold water in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into a pitcher and stir in the lime zest, mint and dill. Cover and refrigerate until very cold, at least 2 hours. Keep the cucumber slices covered and chilled.nPut some ice, a shot of vodka and some of the lime mixture in a cocktail shaker and shake for 10 seconds. Strain into a martini glass and garnish with a cucumber slice, some mint and dill. Repeat to make 3 more martinis.nBring the sugar and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium high heat. When the sugar is completely dissolved, remove the saucepan from the heat and cool the syrup to room temperature. Refrigerate, covered, for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 English cucumber, 1 teaspoon grated lime zest plus 1 cup fresh lime juice, 34 to 1 cup chilled Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Handful of fresh mint leaves, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons fresh dill fronds, plus more for garnish, 4 shots cold vodka or gin, 1 cup sugar], title: Cucumber Lime Martini, picturelink: KcF0SmNQnTTbNUKbhZJxJqHvblvkU6}, 18761: {instructions: Reheat the cooked rice in a steamer or microwave. Put the hot rice in a bowl and toss with the Sushi Vinegar. Let cool.nTransfer the rice to a medium saucepan and pour the Dashi over it stir to combine. Bring to a boil, uncovered. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd the lightcolored soy, then pour the eggs right over the rice without stirring. Cook for 10 to 15 seconds, until the eggs are barely set. Remove the pan from the heat.nDivide the rice among individual bowls and top each with wasabi, nori, and mitsuba. Serve immediately.nIn a large bowl add all the ingredients and stir to dissolve the sugar. Pour into a covered container. The sushi vinegar will keep for at least 2 monthsnThe night before using the dashi, wipe the kombu clean with a wet kitchen towel to remove any grit, but do not rub off the white powder much of the flavor lies in its natural MSG. Place in a medium saucepan and add the spring water. Let stand at room temperature overnight.nThe next day, remove the kombu and bring the water to a simmer over medium heat. When it reaches a boil, remove from the heat and add the bonito flakes. Let stand until the bonito flakes sink to the bottom of the saucepan, about 15 minutes.nLine a wire sieve with moistened, squeezeddry cheesecloth and place over a bowl. Strain the dashi through the sieve. Use the dashi within a couple of hours of making. Do not refrigerate or freeze., ingredients: [1 12 cups cooked shortgrain white rice, 2 12 tablespoons sushi vinegar, recipe follows, 3 cups Dashi, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon lightcolored soy sauce, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 teaspoons grated fresh wasabi  Chefs Note, 1 tablespoon shredded nori kizami nori, 3 or 4 sprigs mitsuba leaves, minced, or chopped scallions or chives, for garnish, 12 cup sakemash vinegar akazu, or regular white wine vinegar, 12 cup rice vinegar, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup salt, 1 piece dashi kombu, 4 by 6inches, 4 cups filtered spring water, 12 cup loosely packed bonito flakes], title: Sushi Rice Risotto, picturelink: null}, 18762: {instructions: 1. For the millet: Place a medium saucepan over medium heat and add the butter. When the butter melts, add the millet and cinnamon stick. Cook, stirring the millet so that it toasts evenly in the butter, about 3 minutes. Add 1 34 cups water and the salt. When the water comes to a boil, lower the heat, cover and simmer for 25 minutes. Fluff the millet with a fork and transfer to a bowl to cool completely.n2. For the mango and ginger syrup: While the millet is cooking, put the sugar, ginger, scraped vanilla seeds and pod, salt and 23 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the sugar dissolves and the liquid thickens a bit, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and immediately throw in the mango. Set aside to cool. Remove the ginger coins and vanilla pod before serving.n3. For the buttermilk: Whisk together the buttermilk, sugar and nutmeg in a medium bowl or pitcher until the sugar dissolves completely. Refrigerate until serving.n4. Spoon the millet into 6 small bowls and top each serving with about 12 cup buttermilk. Spoon some mango on top and drizzle with some of the syrup., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup millet, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup sugar, One 1inch piece ginger, unpeeled, cut into 3 coins and smashed, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and scraped, Pinch kosher salt, 12 mango, diced, 3 cups buttermilk, 5 tablespoons sugar, 3 gratings whole nutmeg or pinch ground nutmeg], title: Millet Couscous with Buttermilk, picturelink: null}, 18763: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook the pasta according to the package directions. Drain and set aside.nSlice the chicken into thin strips and season with salt and pepper. Heat the butter and oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken strips and cook until deep golden brown on both sides and done in the middle. Remove the chicken from the skillet and add the minced garlic. Cook the garlic for 1 minute, then pour in the broth. Let it bubble up and reduce for 1 12 to 2 minutes.nNext, add the halfandhalf, cream and some salt and pepper. Add the Parmesan, whisking constantly until its all combined. Allow the liquid to heat up and thicken for a few minutes. If it gets too thick, you may thin it with a little chicken broth.nWhen the sauce looks good, remove it from the heat. Return the cooked chicken to the skillet along with the grape tomatoes, spinach and pasta. Toss, taste, adjust the seasoning, top with minced parsley and serve immediately in the skillet, ingredients: [12 ounces bowtie pasta farfalle, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, plus more if needed for thinning, 12 cup halfandhalf, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 cup goodquality grated Parmesan, 1 cup halved grape tomatoes, 4 ounces baby spinach, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced], title: BowTie Skillet Alfredo, picturelink: I6zgJykD6NMd4rviu5qESdk0s02HU2}, 18764: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the bourbon, beer and maple syrup in a martini shaker. Fill the shaker with ice cubes. Cover and shake about 8 times. Strain the drink equally into 4 large chilled martini glasses. Using a nutmeg grater, grate about 18 teaspoon of nutmeg over each martini. Add a chile to each martini and stir to blend. Serve very cold., ingredients: [1 cup chilled bourbon, 14 cup chilled dark beer, such as Negro Modelo, 14 cup chilled pure maple syrup preferably Grade B, Ice cubes, 1 whole nutmeg, 4 small dried red chiles, such as japones, rinsed and patted dry], title: Spiced Bourbon, Beer and Maple Martinis, picturelink: uJtmN9zMmtZQ4b983T2vPhv7TbDMl9K}, 18765: {instructions: Cut the fish into cubes. Stir together the herbes de Provence, garlic, olive oil, and wine. Toss with the fish in a glass bowl, and refrigerate to marinate at least an hour.nCooks Note: At the same time, if you are using wooden skewers, be sure to cover them in cold water and leave to soak several hours. This will prevent them from bursting into flames on the grill.nPreheat a grill. Season the fish with salt and pepper. Slide 3 cubes on each skewer, placing a thin half moon of lemon between each cube. Grill, turning frequently, until the fish is just opaque. Serve with lemon wedges, for squeezing., ingredients: [14 ounces400 g monkfish, cut into cubes, 1 tablespoons herbes de Provence, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup60 ml olive oil, 14 cup60 ml white wine, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, 1 sliced into half moons, 1 cut into wedges, Special equipment: wooden skewers soaked in water for several hours.], title: Monkfish in Herbes de Provence Marinade, picturelink: null}, 18766: {instructions: In an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter at medium speed until creamy, about 30 seconds. Add the confectioners sugar and flour and mix until combined. Add the egg whites one at a time, beating after each addition just until well blended, about 1 minute in all. Refrigerate the batter for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Have a rolling pin at hand. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray or line it with parchment paper.nSpoon 2 teaspoons of the batter onto the baking sheet and with a small, offset metal spatula, spread it evenly into a 3inch circle. Repeat to form more tuiles, baking only 6 to 8 at a time. Refrigerate the remaining batter while you bake the tuiles.nBake the tuiles for 4 to 6 minutes, until lightly browned around the edges. Remove from the oven and immediately shape the tuiles, lifting up each one with a metal spatula and draping it over the rolling pin so it curves, just until set. Repeat with the remaining batter. Store the tuiles in a cool dry place in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [7 tablespoons 100 grams unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons 100 grams confectioners sugar, 23 cup 97 grams allpurpose flour, 3 large egg whites], title: Tuiles, picturelink: null}, 18767: {instructions: To make the drageed hazelnuts, place the sugar in a small saucepan and pour the water around the edge to moisten it completely. Bring this to a boil and then add the hazelnuts. Stir continuously until all the water is cooked away and the nuts are coated with a sugar frosting.nTurn the heat to medium and continue cooking and stirring to recaramelize the sugar and make them shiny. As soon as all the sugar has turned to a thin coating of caramel on the nuts, let them cool 30 seconds then dump them onto a slightly greased cool surface like a piece of marble.nBeing careful not to burn yourself, separate them into individual glazed nuts. Let cool. Store in an airtight container.nOn small plates place a few slices of the French bread and pears and place a spoonful of the cheese on the plate. Scatter the hazelnuts around the plate, about 5 or 6 per serving., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, Water, as needed, 12 cup peeled hazelnuts, 1 French baguette, sliced thin, 2 ripe pears, like Comice, Anjou, and Bartlett, 1 Vacherin Mont dOr 500 grams], title: Vacherin Mont DOr with Ripe Pears and Drageed Hazelnuts, picturelink: null}, 18768: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. In batches, add the short ribs, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and brown on all sides, about 3 12 minutes per side. Remove to a plate and set aside.nLower the heat to medium and add the onions, garlic, oregano and thyme cook until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the flour, stirring until completely combined. Add the beef broth and red wine, and return the seared short ribs to the pot. Bring to a simmer, partially cover, and cook until the meat begins to pull apart easily, 2 hours.nStir in the carrots, parsnips, potatoes and port wine. Bring back to a simmer and cook, partially covered, until the vegetables are tender and cooked through, about 45 minutes.nServe garnished with chopped chives., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 4 pounds boneless beef short ribs, cut into 2inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium yellow onions, cut into 1inch pieces, 6 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, 4 sprigs fresh oregano, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 14 cup flour, 4 cups beef broth, 1 bottle red wine, preferably Cabernet Sauvignon, 3 large carrots, chopped, 3 large parsnips, chopped, 2 pounds purple potatoes, scrubbed and halved, 1 cup port wine, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, optional, for garnish], title: Short Rib Stew with Vegetables and Port, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 18769: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In resealable foodstorage plastic bag, place mints. With rolling pin or flat side of meat mallet, coarsely crush mints.nIn ungreased 15x10x1inch pan, break up cookie dough. In fine strainer and over dough, pour crushed mints shake lightly so tiny pieces fall onto dough reserve larger pieces of mints for garnish. With hands, knead tiny pieces of mints into dough press dough in bottom of pan.nBake 14 to 16 minutes or until golden brown. Cool completely, about 10 minutes.nIn small microwavable bowl, microwave vanilla baking chips and oil on High 30 to 60 seconds, stirring every 15 seconds, until melted and smooth.nWith fork, drizzle half of melted chip mixture over cooled bars. Sprinkle with reserved crushed mints. Drizzle with remaining melted chip mixture if mixture begins to firm up, microwave 10 to 15 seconds. Let stand until set, about 10 minutes. Break into irregular 2 to 3inch pieces. Store between sheets of waxed paper in tightly covered container.nCut this bark into bars instead of breaking it into pieces, if desired., ingredients: [12 round starlight mints, 1 roll 18 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated chocolate chip cookies, 34 cup white vanilla baking chips, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil], title: Chocolate Chip and Peppermint Cookie Bark, picturelink: null}, 18770: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, fish sauce, vinegar, and water and bring to the boil. Take off the heat, and transfer to a bowl and allow to cool. In a mortar and pestle, pound together the ginger, chile, and garlic. Once the fish sauce mixture is cooled, add the ginger mixture and lime juice. Set aside. In a large wok large enough to hold the entire fish, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Carefully, slide the whole fish into the oil and cook on high heat for 5 minutes. The scales of the elephant fish will puff up as it cooks. Remove the fish to a platter, and dress with 4 tablespoons of ginger fish sauce and garnish with fresh cilantro. Serve the fish with steamed jasmine rice and remaining ginger sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 4 ounces water, 4 tablespoons fresh ginger, julienned, 1 tablespoon chopped chile, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh garlic about 3 cloves, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 1 12 pounds whole elephant fish, unscaled or snapper, scaled See Cooks Note, Vegetable oil, for frying about 4 cups, 3 sprigs fresh coriander cilantro, for garnish, Steamed jasmine rice, for serving], title: Crispy Fried Elephant Fish with Ginger Fish Sauce: CA Tai Tuong Chien Xu, picturelink: null}, 18771: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a large bowl, combine sugar, coconut, egg whites, chocolate chunks, vanilla, and salt. Use your hands to mix well, completely combining ingredients.nDampen hands with cold water. Form 1 12 tablespoons of mixture into a loose haystack shape and place on prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining mixture, placing macaroons about 1inch apart.nBake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Remove baking sheet from oven to a wire rack and let macaroons cool slightly on a baking sheet. These are best served warm from the oven, but can be stored in an airtight container for up to 3 days leave in a warm place for 1 hour before serving to allow chocolate to soften., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 2 12 cups unsweetened shredded coconut, 2 large egg whites, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chunks about 3 ounces, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch salt], title: Chocolate Chunk Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 18772: {instructions: Brown the ribs in the olive oil in a stock pot on all sides. Remove to a paper towel lined plate. Remove the pan from the heat and carefully add the sherry and sherry vinegar. Return to the heat and cook, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan, for about 5 minutes. Be careful as the alcohol may ignite when returned to heat. If it ignites, wait to stir until the flames die out.nAdd the rest of the ingredients, except for the butter, including the browned ribs, to the pot. Bring the liquid to a simmer, cover, and cook for about 3 hours, or until the ribs are very tender.nSeason with salt and pepper. Remove the ribs from the pot and set aside on a plate. Strain the liquid and return to the pot. Add the butter and stir until the butter is incorporated. Add the ribs back to the pot and coat well with the sauce. Serve., ingredients: [1 5pound rack short ribs, bison or beef, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup sherry vinegar, 1 cup sherry, 2 12 cups beet juice, 1 head garlic, cut in half horizontally, 1 cup large diced onions, 12 cup large diced carrots, 12 cup large diced celery, 1 small sachet thyme, rosemary, and bay leaf, 8 cups veal stock, 4 cups water, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Salt and pepper], title: Glazed and Braised Short Ribs with Sherry Vinegar, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 18773: {instructions: Prepare the chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Season the chicken cavity with plenty of salt and pepper stuff the lemon halves, garlic, thyme and bay leaves inside. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Drizzle the skin with olive oil and rub all over season with plenty of salt and pepper. Place the chicken breastside up in a roasting pan roast for 1 hour, or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 165 degrees. Let rest for 15 minutes before carving.nMeanwhile, prepare the lettuce and peas: Combine the wine, red onion, bay leaf, peppercorns and a pinch of salt in a saucepan simmer over medium heat until the mixture is syrupy and just coats the bottom of the pan. Whisk in the butter cubes, a few at a time, to thicken the sauce and give it a shine. Season with salt and pepper and keep warm. Remove the peppercorns and bay leaf before serving.nPlace the peas in a small pot of salted boiling water until heated through drain. Toss the peas, lettuce and beurre blanc warm butter sauce in a bowl until the lettuce wilts slightly. Serve with the chicken.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 3to4pound chicken, rinsed and patted dry, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 lemon, halved, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, 12 bunch fresh thyme, 4 to 6 bay leaves, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 cup dry white wine, 14 red onion, finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, 6 black peppercorns, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes, Freshly ground pepper, 1 cup frozen peas, 1 large head butter lettuce, leaves separated], title: Tyler Florences Roast Chicken with Wilted Butter Lettuce and Peas, picturelink: sJnA1k2KSvihwo4PJtwdFBnD3X6BD.y}, 18774: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 16 14 cup ice pop molds, 16 wooden pop sticks or wooden coffee stirrers at least 2inches longer than the molds.nIn a blender, combine the watermelon, sugar, and vodka. Blend until the mixture is smooth. Add the mint and pulse once to combine. Pour the mixture into the pop molds. Insert the wooden sticks all the way down the inside the molds. Freeze for at least 10 hours or preferably overnight.nTo unfreeze the ice pops, insert the molds in hot water for 5 to 10 seconds. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 3 pounds large watermelon, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup watermelon flavored 70 proof vodka recommended: Smirnoff Twist of Watermelon see Cooks Note, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Spiked Watermelon Pops, picturelink: Q.f4fQTHBOZrOaFmsTUzZ9ftWk4V3HC}, 18775: {instructions: Shellfish bouillon: Add the white wine to a saucepan and bring to a boil. When the white wine is boiling, add mussels, clams, and water to just cover, then cook until the shellfish open, about 5 to 8 minutes. Drain and reserve both the water and the shellfish. Remove the mussels and the clams from their shells  keep them separate. Discard the shells. Roughly chop the mussels and clams and combine with the lobster and crabmeat. Season with salt and pepper.nAdd the saffron to the warm shellfish bouillon and bring to a simmer. Fill the squids cleaned with the lobster mix and add to the simmering bouillon. Cook for 5 minutes, then remove the stuffed squids and set aside. Reserve the bouillon.nSauce: In a large skillet, saute the onion, garlic, and thyme until soft, about 5 minutes.nAdd the reserved shellfish bouillon, squid ink and cream. Boil down until reduced by 13, about 10 minutes. Strain onto a small pot, then boil the sauce for another 10 minutes.nServe the stuffed squid with the cream sauce and garnish with fresh herbs., ingredients: [12 cup white wine, 1 pound mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 1 pound clams, scrubbed, 1 cup cooked, diced lobster meat, 3 12 ounces crabmeat, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch saffron, 14 ounces squid bodies, cleaned, 1 onion, chopped fine, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 units squid ink, 12 cup cream, Fresh herbs, as garnish], title: Calamari Filled with Shellfish, Saffron Risotto and Ink Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18776: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a 3 quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and garlic. Cook, stirring until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the eggplant and cook. Continue stirring until softened, about 3 more minutes.nAdd tomatoes, with liquid, breaking them up with the back of spoon. Stir in wine, tomato paste, sugar, oregano, thyme, rosemary, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes or until thickened, stirring occasionally.nBring large pot of salted water to a rolling boil. Cook pasta until al dente drain. Toss pasta with sauce in pan over medium heat for about 2 minutes. Serve on a large platter and top with grated Romano cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups chopped onions, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 4 cups Italian eggplant, diced to 12inch pieces, 1 14 12ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, undrained, 23 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 pound dry rigatoni, Grated Romano cheese, to finish], title: Rigatoni with Italian Eggplant, picturelink: null}, 18777: {instructions: Preheat oven 450 degrees F.nLightly flour a clean work surface. Knead dough into a ball. Roll dough out into a large rope. Form a large figure8 with the dough on a baking sheet. Brush with the egg and sprinkle generously with salt. Bake 15 to 20 minutes until risen and nicely browned.nLet cool before serving. Serve with good, spicy mustard., ingredients: [Flour, for dusting, 1 14ounce package refrigerated pizza dough, 1 egg, lightly beaten, Kosher salt, Spicy mustard, for serving recommended: Guldens], title: One Big Philly Pretzel, picturelink: gRo.yBUmUhUcSE544hp.pWWKUqy45m}, 18778: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and grease and flour an 8 by 12 inch cake pan, knocking out excess flour.nIn a bowl whisk together flour, sugar, cornstarch, poppyseeds, baking powder, and salt and with fingers blend in butter until incorporated. In a large measuring cup, lightly beat together milk, zest, vanilla and egg.nStir milk mixture into flour mixture until just blended and pour batter into pan. Bake cake for 35 minutes or until tester comes out clean. Remove cake from pan and cool on rack., ingredients: [1 14 cup all purpose flour, 23 cup sugar, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon poppyseeds, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup skim milk, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla, 1 large egg], title: Lemon Poppyseed Cake, picturelink: null}, 18779: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBrown ground turkey in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat set aside.nCook macaroni and cheese according to directions on package.nIn a large bowl, stir to combine macaroni and cheese, cooked ground turkey, pimentos and corn and transfer to 3quart casserole dish. Crumble tortilla chips over top and sprinkle with Cheddar cheese. Place in oven and bake for 30 minutes.nRemove from oven and let cool for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pound ground turkey, 1 14ounce package macaroni and cheese dinner with 4cheese sauce recommended: Kraft Deluxe, 1 4ounce jar pimentos, 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 cup tortilla chips, 14 cup preshredded Mexican style Cheddar], title: Turkey Taco Mac, picturelink: 5L.wuzRREstnvN4raIBdhbT2R9033Ze}, 18780: {instructions: Bring 3 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat, covered. Uncover and slowly whisk in the grits, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parmesan and 1 tablespoon butter. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm.nMeanwhile, season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp, garlic and cayenne, if using, and cook, tossing, until the shrimp are pink, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and add 2 tablespoons water, the lemon juice and parsley stir to coat the shrimp with the sauce and season with salt and pepper.nDivide the grits among shallow bowls and top with the shrimp and sauce. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [34 cup instant grits, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails intact, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, Pinch of cayenne pepper optional, Juice of 12 lemon, plus wedges for serving, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: LemonGarlic Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: Ono.goGUBnrzglNGMHuVzda37Lwk.4W}, 18781: {instructions: Into a slow cooker, put the onions, carrots, mushrooms, and potatoes.nSeason the roast with salt and pepper. In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, brown the meat on all sides in oil. When it is browned, put it in the slow cooker on top of the vegetables.nIn a small bowl, stir together the cream of celery soup, onion soup mix, beef broth, and steak sauce. Pour over top of roast. Cover and cook on high setting for 3 to 4 hours or low for 8 to 9 hours., ingredients: [One 12ounce bag frozen onions, One 8ounce bag frozen baby carrots, One 8ounce package sliced mushrooms, 12 pound small new potatoes, halved, 4 pounds beef chuck roast, rinsed and patted dry, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, One 10.75ounce can condensed cream of celery soup, 1 packet onion soup mix, 1 cup lowsodium beef broth, 14 cup steak sauce], title: Beef Pot Roast, picturelink: null}, 18782: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPreheat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil  twice around the pan. Add chicken and season with chili powder, cumin, and red onion. Brown the meat, 5 minutes. Add taco sauce or stewed or fire roasted tomatoes. Add black beans and corn. Heat the mixture through, 2 to 3 minutes then season with salt, to your taste.nCoat a shallow baking dish with remaining extravirgin olive oil, about 1 tablespoon oil. Cut the tortillas in half or quarters to make them easy to layer with. Build lasagna in layers of meat and beans, then tortillas, then cheese. Repeat: meat, tortilla, cheese again. Bake lasagna 12 to 15 minutes until cheese is brown and bubbly. Top with the scallions and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds ground chicken breast, available in the packaged meats case, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained, 1 cup medium heat taco sauce or 1 14oz can stewed or fire roasted tomatoes, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, Salt, 8 8 inch spinach flour tortillas, available on dairy aisle of market, 2 12 cups shredded Cheddar or shredded pepper jack, 2 scallions, finely chopped], title: Mexican Lasagna, picturelink: QtIH4AywckPqJ3e3tyvWj8iQaKrd6}, 18783: {instructions: Into a large bowl cut apple into 1inch wedges and core. Cut wedges crosswise into 14inchthick slices.nIn a large bowl whisk together oil, lemon juice, and mustard and add apple, tossing to coat. Add remaining ingredients, tossing to combine, and season with salt and pepper. Serve with store bought rosemary or herb focaccia., ingredients: [1 tart apple such as Granny Smith, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 8 cups packed spinach about 6 ounces, washed well, dried, and coarse, stems discarded, 2 smoked trout about 8 ounces, skin and bones discarded and fish, broken into bitesize pieces, 6 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted golden, 6 tablespoons dried currants], title: Spinach Salad with Smoked Trout and Tart Apple, picturelink: null}, 18784: {instructions: Heat oil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat when it simmers, add ginger, cinnamon, cloves, coriander, cumin, star anise, Sichuan peppercorns, and chili flakes. Remove from heat and let sit until cool, at least 1 hour and preferably 2 or 3. Strain oil into a bowl or jar and discard spices.nPut a pot of salted water over high heat and bring to a boil. Add celery and blanch for about a minute drain in colander and run under cold water to stop the cooking process.nLayer celery and tofu on serving plates, drizzle with chili oil and sprinkle with salt., ingredients: [1 cup peanut oil, 1 2inch long piece fresh ginger, cut into 3 or 4 slices, 1 3inch long piece cinnamon, 3 cloves, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 4 star anise, 1 tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns, 14 cup red chili flakes, Salt, 1 bunch Chinese celery, thinly sliced, 4 to 6 ounces pressed tofu, thinly sliced or julienned], title: Celery and Tofu Salad, picturelink: null}, 18785: {instructions: Rinse the rice in several changes of cold water, and then add to a medium saucepan with 3 34 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, and then cover and reduce the heat to low. Cook, without stirring, until tender, about 15 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and let stand, covered, 15 minutes more. Transfer the rice to a baking sheet. Stir together the vinegar, sugar and 12 teaspoon salt. Drizzle over the rice and fold in with a spatula. Let the rice cool completely about 10 minutes in the refrigerator or 30 minutes at room temperature.nStir together the cream cheese, carrots and scallions.nPlace a piece of plastic wrap on the work surface and lightly oil. Place 1 13 cups rice on the plastic wrap and, using wet hands, press into a 7inch square. Lay a single layer of salmon over the rice, leaving a 12inch border on the side nearest to you. Line onequarter of the vegetable cream cheese along the edge of salmon closest to you. Using the plastic wrap as an aid, firmly roll the sushi up into a cylinder. Press the rice together with even pressure to form a roll. Repeat with the remaining ingredients, making 3 more rolls.nStir together the onion flakes, sesame seeds, dried garlic and poppy seeds on a baking sheet. Roll each roll in the seed mixture. Cut each roll into 8 pieces with a wet knife. Serve with soy, wasabi and pickled ginger., ingredients: [2 cups sushi rice, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, Finely ground black pepper, 4 ounces cream cheese, 2 carrots, finely chopped, 2 scallions, chopped, Vegetable oil, for greasing, 12 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, 14 cup dried onion flakes, 14 cup sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons dried garlic flakes, 2 tablespoons poppy seeds, Soy sauce, pickled ginger and wasabi paste, for serving], title: Everything Bagel Sushi Rolls, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 18786: {instructions: For the pastry, sift the flour and salt into a large bowl. Cut in 3 ounces of butter with a sharp knife, a pastry blender, or by hand until the mixture resembles crumbs. Mix in enough water to make a nonsticky dough. Knead gently, cover and leave for 20 minutes.nRoll out the pastry on a floured board to about 14inch thickness. Dot it with onethird of the remaining 4 ounces butter cut into dice. Fold the pastry into three, like a letter, then again into three in the opposite direction. Cover in a cloth and refrigerate for 20 minutes. Repeat this process twice more and leave for another 20 minutes chilling before using. If you cant face all that fun, buy 1 pound of puff pastry instead.nDivide the pastry in half. Roll each half into a round of about 9inches in diameter and let rest while you make the filling.nCream the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Whisk in 2 of the yolks, the almond essence, kirsch and the ground almonds. Work together until you have a smooth paste.nRinse a sheet pan under cold water. Place one of the pastry rounds on the tray and spoon the paste onto it, leaving a 2inch margin all around. Hide the bean or the other objects in the paste. Beat the remaining egg with a little water and paint the pastry margin. Place the second round of pastry on top and gently press edges together. Chill 45 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Using a sharp knife make a lattice or starshaped pattern on the pastry surface, but do not cut through to the filling. Pinch the edges prettily together. Paint the top with the egg wash. Bake the galette for 30 to 40 minutes until the pastry is crisp and brown. Transfer to a rack and cool. Dust with icing sugar.nWhen cool, serve with a gold crown on top made with your own fair hands and a glass of kirsch or some pudding wine. Eat and discover who will be king of the feast, then crown them, ingredients: [9 ounces flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 7 ounces unsalted butter, 14 pint 12 cup chilled water, Icing confectioners sugar, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 4 ounces caster superfine sugar, 3 egg yolks, 4 drops almond essence, 3 tablespoons kirsch, 4 ounces freshly ground almonds, 1 dried bean, gold ring or baby figurine], title: Galette des Rois aux Amandes Three Kings Almond Tart, picturelink: null}, 18787: {instructions: Place grated zucchini in a colander, sprinkle with salt and let stand at least 20 minutes, or until it loses its juice. Squeeze dry and place in a large bowl. Add the cheese, dill, parsley, onions, eggs, flour, and pepper and mix well. Adjust the seasonings. If batter is too runny, add a little more flour.nHeat oil in a heavy saucepan. Drop batter by tablespoons into oil and fry until golden brown on all sides but still moist inside, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels and serve warm with Tomato Relish.nCombine all the ingredients in a bowl and mix well. Taste for seasoning. Set aside at room temperature for a few hours, or cover and chill for several days., ingredients: [6 small zucchini, grated, Salt, 12 pound white Turkish cheese or feta, crumbled, 14 cup finely chopped fresh dill, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 4 green onions, finely chopped, 3 eggs, beaten, 12 cup flour, Freshly ground black pepper, Oil for frying, Tomato Relish, recipe follows, 4 tomatoes, peeled, seeded and finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried mint, 1 teaspoon paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Zucchini Fritters, picturelink: null}, 18788: {instructions: Whisk together the olive oil, herbs and garlic in a large shallow baking dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate at least 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Heat a large saute pan or grill pan over high heat until just smoking. Remove chicken from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Sear each chicken on both sides, and place on a sheet pan. Place in oven and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until cooked through.nPlace stock and roasted garlic in a medium saucepan and reduce to 3 cups. Strain into a clean saucepan and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the butter and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper to taste. Add the fava beans and cook for 1 minute.nPlace the celeriac and potatoes in a large saucepan filled with salt water and cook until soft. Drain, rinse out the pan and run the celeriac and potatoes through a food mill into the pan. Add the butter, warmed milk and beat with a wooden spoon. When the mixture is smooth, season with salt and pepper and fold in the parsley., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh sage, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped tarragon, 2 tablespoons chopped rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped thyme, 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 whole chickens 2 12 to 3 pounds each, butterflied, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups homemade chicken stock, 1 head garlic, roasted, cloves squeezed in a bowl, 2 tablespoons cold butter, cut into tablespoons, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup cooked fava beans, 1 pound celeriac peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 pound baking potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup milk or cream, warmed, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Five Herb Marinated Chicken with Roasted Garlic Fava Bean Sauce with Celeriac and Potato Puree, picturelink: null}, 18789: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, garlic, chili powder, and cumin, and cook until the onion softens, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth, bring to a boil, reduce the heat slightly, and simmer, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Add the green chiles, posole, tomatoes, and oregano and cook for another 5 minutes.nPull the saucepan from the heat and stir in the chicken, cilantro leaves, and lime juice. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 medium rib celery, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 6 cups chicken broth, lowsodium canned, 14 cup canned green chiles, 1 15 12ounce can posole, drained or frozen corn kernels, 4 canned whole peeled tomatoes, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 cup cooked skinless shredded chicken breast about 4 ounces, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mexican Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}, 18790: {instructions: Prepare the cake: Butter and flour a 10cup fluted Bundt pan.nHeat the cranberries in a pot heat the cranberries until they start to release their juices. Add 34 cup granulated sugar, and cook over medium heat until until juicy and the mixture reduces to 1 14 cups, about 15 minutes. Let cool completely.nPosition a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nWhisk the milk, whole eggs and yolks, and vanilla in a medium bowl set aside.nWhisk the 3 cups flour, the remaining 1 34 cups sugar, the lemon zest, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Add the 3 14 sticks butter and beat with a mixer on low speed until moistened. Add half of the milk mixture, increase the speed to medium and beat 1 minute. Add the remaining milk mixture in two batches, beating between each addition. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat again, about 30 seconds.nTransfer 23 of the batter to the pan. Spoon the cranberry mixture in a ring around the middle of the batter do not let it touch the pan. Top with the remaining batter and smooth evenly. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the syrup: Dissolve the 14 cup granulated sugar in 12 cup lemon juice in a saucepan over low heat. Remove the cake from the oven, poke the surface all over with a skewer and pour the syrup on top. Let cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Carefully invert the cake onto a parchmentlined rack to cool completely. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and let sit overnight.nWhen ready to serve, whisk the confectioners sugar and the remaining 2 tablespoons lemon juice until smooth. Spoon over the cake.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [3 14 sticks unsalted butter, cubed and at room temperature, plus more for the pan, 3 cups cake flour, sifted, plus more for the pan, 1 12 ounce bag fresh or frozen cranberries, thawed if frozen, 2 12 cups granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons whole milk, 4 large eggs, plus 2 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons finely grated Meyer lemon zest, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons Meyer lemon juice, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar], title: Meyer LemonCranberry Bundt Cake, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 18791: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a 10inch castiron or nonstick skillet over low heat. Add the butter when melted, add the garlic and cook until soft but not browned, 3 to 4 minutes.nSlice the potatoes on a mandoline set to 3mm about the thickness of 3 credit cards. Place the potatoes in a large bowl add the melted garlic butter and sprinkle with salt. Toss well to ensure all the slices are coated.nPlace the skillet used for the butter over low heat. Carefully layer the potato slices in the skillet, overlapping them in a circular pattern starting from the edge of the skillet and working towards the center. Continue until you have about five layers of potatoes.nSet a medium pot lid 6 to 8 inches wide on directly on top of the potatoes. Then place a heavy pot on top of the lid to weight it down. Adjust the heat to mediumlow and cook for about 15 minutes on the stovetop, then transfer to the oven and bake until the bottom is golden brown and crispy, another 15 minutes. You can use a spatula to peek at the bottom to make sure its golden brown.nRemove the skillet from the oven and let the potatoes rest for 15 minutes. Remove the pot and lid, and place a plate upside down on the skillet. Using oven mitts, carefully turn the skillet over to release the potatoes onto the plate. Garnish with thyme leaves and serve., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 russet potatoes, skin left on, Salt, 3 sprigs fresh thyme leaves], title: Skillet Potatoes, picturelink: tc41ifR1vxusqznCSYLd38moW4rEtG}, 18792: {instructions: Bring 4 cups water, 12 cup basil leaves, 12 lemon, 3 tablespoons olive oil and a pinch of salt to a boil. Add 4 ears of corn cook about 5 minutes. Mix 12 cup torn basil, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and 3 tablespoons olive oil. Drain the corn and toss with the flavored oil and a splash of the cooking water.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [], title: LemonBasil Corn, picturelink: null}, 18793: {instructions: One day ahead: In a large bowl, combine the beef, pork, coriander, salt, pepper, cloves, nutmeg, and allspice. Mix until combined. Cover, and marinate in the refrigerator overnight.nOn the day of serving: Grind the meat mixture in a meat grinder. Add the fatback and vinegar to the meat and mix well. Stuff the meat into sausage casing, if using, or else form the mixture into sausage patties. In a skillet set over mediumhigh heat, cook the boerewors until browned.nServe the boerewors with the Tomato Bredie.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan set over medium heat, and saute the onions until theyre transparent. Add the pork and cook until brown. Add the tomatoes, potatoes, and chile to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are tender and the tomato liquid is almost gone, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [3 pounds lean boneless beef sirloin or chuck, cubed, 3 pounds boneless pork shoulder, cubed, 4 teaspoons ground coriander seeds,, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 pound pork fatback, finely chopped, 12 cup red wine vinegar, Sausage casing, optional, Tomato Bredie, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons canola or rice bran oil, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, 2 pounds ground pork, 2 14 12ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 fresh green chile, such as jalapeno, chopped, or red chile flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Boerewors and Tomato Bredie, picturelink: null}, 18794: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nWhisk the sesame oil and soy sauce together in a large bowl until the mixture looks creamy. Add the kale and toss to coat.nLay about half of the kale out on both baking sheets in a single layer, leaving a little room between leaves. You will need to bake them in batches. Bake in the middle of the oven 6 for 7 minutes, then rotate the sheets and bake until the kale is crispy, another 6 to 7 minutes. Gently transfer it to a platter to cool. Repeat for the remaining kale. Serve once cooled., ingredients: [1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 8 ounces kale leaves], title: Crispy Soy Roasted Kale Chips, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 18795: {instructions: Heat a wellseasoned castiron Dutch oven over a good campfire or stove burner medium high heat, if controllable. Toast grains, salt, and nigella seeds until grains begin to brown. Add water, stir, and turn heat down to low or move to lower part of fire. Place lid on and dont even peek for about 20 minutes. Grain is done when all water is absorbed and fluffs well with a fork., ingredients: [2 12 cups organic basmati rice a combination of brown and white is nice, A handful organic oat groats, A handful organic wild rice, Sea salt, A dash nigella seeds can be skipped if unavailable, 6 cups water], title: Dutch Oven Toasted Balsmati Rice with Oats and Wild Rice, picturelink: null}, 18796: {instructions: Special equipment: a 9inch angel food cake pannPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the cake: Sift the cake flour with the cocoa and 34 cup of the sugar into a large bowl.nUsing an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites with a pinch of salt until foamy. Sprinkle the cream of tartar over the egg whites and continue to beat until they hold a soft peak. Add the vanilla extract and gradually beat in the remaining 34 cup sugar, about 2 tablespoons at a time.nRemove the bowl from the mixer and, using a spatula, gradually fold in the flour mixture, sprinkling in about 14 cup at a time. Pour the batter into an ungreased 9inch angel food cake pan and bake until the cake springs back when pressed with your finger, about 30 minutes. Let cool for 1 hour, then loosen the cake from the sides and center of the pan with a knife before unmolding.nFor the strawberries: Combine the strawberries and sugar in a medium bowl and toss gently to coat every slice. Let the strawberries stand for about 30 minutes to allow the juices to develop. Serve over the chocolate angel food cake., ingredients: [34 cup sifted cake flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 large egg whites, Pinch of salt, 1 12 teaspoons cream of tartar, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups strawberries, sliced, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Chocolate Angel Food Cake with Strawberries, picturelink: XLocMrHJ7lYM1JQ5JdsvYULoVnJaswO}, 18797: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare the grill mediumhigh heat. Whisk the oil, mint, lemon juice, basil, and garlic in a medium bowl to blend. Season the lemon and olive oil mixture with salt and pepper, to taste.nBrush the swordfish steaks with 2 tablespoons of the lemon and olive oil mixture. Grill the steaks until just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side depending on thickness of steaks. Transfer the steaks to plates. Spoon the remaining sauce over and serve., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 garlic clove, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 5 to 6ounces each swordfish steaks], title: Grilled Swordfish with Lemon, Mint and Basil, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 18798: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFold 4 large square sheets of parchment paper in half. Starting at the fold, cut out a large half heart shape. Open the paper flat on a surface with the point of the heart towards you. Butter the centers of each heart lightly with a teaspoon of the butter.nDivide the Swiss chard into 4 portions. Place a pile onto each heart, centering it on 1 side of the heart, towards the crease. Top each with 14 of the zucchini, asparagus, corn, and mushrooms. Season the fish well with salt and pepper and place a fillet on top of each pile of vegetables. Place 1 teaspoon of butter on each fillet and sprinkle each with some of the parsley, tarragon, shallots, and garlic. Drizzle a little white wine over each.nFold the paper over to cover the fish. Starting at the top of the heart, tightly fold over the edges, overlapping each time, all the way to the point, until it is sealed. Tuck under the last fold to keep it closed. Butter the tops of the packets with the remaining butter. Place the packages onto a baking sheet and put them into the oven for 15 minutes.nTo serve, put the papillotes onto plates and unfold them at the table. Be careful of the hot steam. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [6 teaspoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 pound Swiss chard, cleaned and roughly chopped, 2 cups sliced zucchini, 2 cups sliced asparagus, 12 cup corn kernels, 12 button mushrooms, cleaned and quartered, 4 7ounce skinless fillets of wild striped bass, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup chopped tarragon leaves, 2 medium shallots, very finely chopped, 1 garlic clove, very finely chopped, 14 cup dry white wine, Lemon wedges, to serve], title: Wild Striped Bass en Papillote, picturelink: 5s.FkDl7FROdisyvfwwnm1z4vPoYpW}, 18799: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCook 1 cup sugar in a mediumsize saucepan over medium heat, and cook, stirring constantly, 5 minutes or until sugar melts and turns a light golden brown. Quickly pour hot caramelized sugar into a 2quart flan dish. Using oven mitts, tilt dish to evenly coat bottom and sides. Let stand 5 minutes. Sugar will harden.nWhisk together egg yolks and next 5 ingredients in a large bowl.nProcess egg whites, cream cheese, and remaining 12 cup sugar in blender until smooth. Stir egg white mixture into egg yolk mixture. Pour mixture through a wiremesh strainer into a large bowl pour custard over caramelized sugar.nPlace dish in a large shallow pan. Add hot water to pan to a depth of 13 up sides of dish.nBake for 1 hour and 45 minutes. Remove dish from water bath cool completely on a wire rack. Cover and chill at least 3 hours.nRun a knife around edge of flan to loosen invert onto a serving plate., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, divided, 7 egg yolks, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 34 cup milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 egg whites, 1 8ounce package cream cheese], title: Cream Cheese Flan, picturelink: null}, 18800: {instructions: Special equipment: an electric kitchen scalenPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard cupcake pan with 12 standard cupcake liners. Sift the flour, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl. Set the bowl aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer, cream the brown sugar and margarine with the whisk attachment, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl. In a small bowl or cup, combine 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons water and the egg replacer and stir to dissolve the egg replacer. Add the egg replacer to the sugar and mix until combined. In a small bowl, combine the soymilk and vinegar and set aside. Turn the mixer speed to low and slowly add the dry ingredients and the soymilk, alternating between the two, ending with the soymilk. Fill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake or until a toothpick inserted into each cupcake comes out clean, about 19 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely. To assemble: With a plastic drinking straw or a small paring knife, make holes in the center of each cupcake. Squeeze the Coconut Custard Filling in the center of each cupcake until filled but not overflowing, about 1 tablespoon per cupcake. Pipe a dollop of Spiced Rum Frosting onto each cupcake and garnish with a few pieces of the Cracked Brown Sugar Brittle. This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nIn a medium heavybottomed saucepot, stir together 1 34 cups of the coconut milk and the sugar. Heat on mediumhigh until the mixture begins to bubble around the edges. In a small bowl, mix the remaining 14 cup coconut milk and the cornstarch into a slurry. Slowly add the cornstarch mixture to the hot sugar mixture while whisking. Cook for 2 more minutes while stirring. Remove from heat and let cool completely. Put the cooled Coconut Custard into a piping bag and cut 14inch off the tip. Yield: 2 cups.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, whip the margarine and shortening until completely combined. Scrape the bottom of the bowl to ensure that all ingredients are mixed thoroughly. On low speed, slowly add the powdered sugar a little at a time. Add the cinnamon, allspice and cloves, and mix. Scrape the bottom of the bowl. Add the rum and mix to combine. Scrape the bottom of the bowl and mix on mediumhigh speed until all the ingredients are combined and the frosting is fluffy, about 2 minutes. Put the frosting into a pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip. Yield: 2 quarts.nIngredients and DirectionsnLine a cookie sheet with parchment paper and set aside. In a medium heavybottomed saucepan, boil the sugar, corn syrup, 14 cup water and salt, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Place a candy thermometer into the pan and cook on medium heat until the mixture reaches 300 degrees F. Remove from the heat and stir in the baking soda and margarine. Pour the mixture onto the prepared cookie sheet and quickly spread the hot mixture thinly on the sheet. Let the candy cool completely and break it into small pieces with your fingers., ingredients: [1 12 cups unbleached flour, Coconut Custard Filling, recipe follows, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Spiced Rum Frosting, recipe follows, 14 teaspoon salt, Cracked Brown Sugar Brittle, recipe follows, 9 ounces brown sugar, 4 ounces nonhydrogenated vegan margarine, such as Earth Balance, 1 12 tablespoons egg replacer, such as EnerG, 12 cup soy milk, 12 teaspoon vinegar, 2 cups fullfat canned coconut milk, 4 ounces sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 8 ounces nonhydrogenated vegan margarine, such as Earth Balance, 8 ounces non hydrogenated vegetable shortening, such as Earth Balance, 1 pound 8 ounces 10x powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 cup dark rum, 1 cup brown sugar, 12 cup corn syrup, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon nonhydrogenated vegan margarine, such as Earth Balance], title: Rolling Stones Brown Sugar Cupcake with Coconut Custard Filling, Spiced Rum Frosting and Cracked Brown Sugar Brittle, picturelink: i8lgFxYLp17YZLWQ8vDAys.5OagAAhW}, 18801: {instructions: For the basil maple syrup: In a saucepan, bring the maple syrup and basil leaves to a simmer. Set aside to steep for 5 minutes, and then strain out the basil leaves.nFor the French toast: Whisk together the cream, granulated sugar, vanilla extract and eggs in a bowl and pour into a shallow baking dish. Add the zucchini bread slices and allow to sit for 30 seconds on each side.nHeat the butter in a large pan or griddle until it begins to froth. Add the zucchini bread slices and cook until browned and caramelized, 2 to 3 minutes per side.nDivide the French toast among plates and top with confectioners sugar. Serve with the warm basil maple syrup., ingredients: [2 cups maple syrup, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 eggs, 1 loaf zucchini bread, cut into 6 slices, 4 tablespoons butter, Confectioners sugar, for serving], title: Zucchini Bread French Toast with Basil Maple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 18802: {instructions: Remoulade Sauce: Combine mayonnaise, relish, tarragon, parsley, capers, mustard, lemon juice and pepper in bowl until blended. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nPreheat broiler. Grease a large baking sheet.nFillets: Combine cornflake crumbs, chili powder, cumin, onion powder and pepper on large sheet of waxed paper. Brush each fillet with about 1 teaspoon mayonnaise per side. Dip fillets into crumb mixture, coating both sides. Spray both sides of each fillet with vegetable cooking spray. Place on prepared baking sheet. Broil 5 inches from source of heat, without turning, about 8 to 10 minutes or until fish just begins to flake and coating is golden. Serve with remoulade sauce. Garnish with parsley sprigs and lemon wedges., ingredients: [12 cup light mayonnaise, 1 4 cup sweet pickle relish, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon or 2 teaspoons dried tarragon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon capers, chopped, 1 tablespoon Dijonstyle mustard, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 4 cup cornflake crumbs, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 2 teaspoon onion powder, 1 2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 sole or flounder fillets 8 ounces each, 3 tablespoons light mayonnaise, Vegetable cooking spray, Parsley sprigs and lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Cajun Fillet of Sole with Sauce Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 18803: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 1 minute less than the label directs. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta. Meanwhile, combine the olive oil and sausage in a large skillet over high heat and cook, stirring, until the sausage starts to brown, about 2 minutes. Stir in the scallions and bell pepper and cook until the vegetables are slightly soft, about 3 more minutes. Add the Cajun spice and flour and cook, stirring, 2 more minutes. Gradually whisk in the milk and continue whisking until the sauce is thick and smooth, about 5 more minutes. Add the pasta, cheese and reserved cooking water to the skillet. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, tossing to coat the pasta in the sauce and melt the cheese, about 1 minute.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 ounces andouille sausage, diced, 2 bunches scallions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 12 ounces wagonwheel pasta, 1 bell pepper red or green, chopped, 1 tablespoon Cajun spice blend, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, 8 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, cut into small cubes], title: Cajun Mac and Cheese, picturelink: SiSQ7fmQEoRGknNNIOPWjAQJ1Erene}, 18804: {instructions: Cream 1 tablespoon butter, add grated cheese, cream cheese, garlic, and seasonings, beating well until smooth. Chop the shallots or onions, add to the remaining butter, and fold into the cheese mixture. Spread this filling on two slices of bread, cover with the other two, pressing well together. Cut in halves or quarters, brush with beaten egg, and fry golden brown in butter or bacon fat., ingredients: [4 slices bread about 14inch thick, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup grated hard cheese, 12 cup processed or cream cheese, 12 teaspoon paprika, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, Pinch of black pepper, 2 chopped shallots or spring onions scallions, 1 egg, Bacon fat or butter for frying], title: Maeve Cheese Fries, picturelink: null}, 18805: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large, heavybottomed soup pot, add the onions, leeks, and celery, and saute until translucent, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic, tomatoes, saffron, and seasonings. Stir about 2 minutes, then add the white wine and cook 4 to 5 minutes, or until almost all the liquid has evaporated, before adding the water. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook 45 minutes. At the end of 45 minutes, add the potatoes and cook 20 minutes longer, or until the potatoes are tender.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. While the broth is simmering, make the Peppery Croutons: Brush one side of each French bread slice with olive oil, sprinkle with cracked pepper, and toast in the oven until crisp about 12 minutes.nAfter the potatoes have simmered 20 minutes, add the fish. Reheat to just below a boil and cook at a strong simmer 3 to 5 minutes, until the fish is cooked but not yet flaking apart. Remove the bay leaves, taste for seasoning, and serve immediately, garnished with Peppery Croutons., ingredients: [12 cup pure olive oil, 2 large onions, diced about 1 12 cups, 2 leeks, white and light green parts only, split, cleaned, and diced about 2 12 cups, 5 stalks celery, diced about 1 cup, 14 cup finely chopped garlic, 1 cup canned plum tomatoes, drained, seeded, and diced, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 quarts water, 2 Idaho potatoes about 1 pound, peeled and diced, 12 to 34 pound mixed fish any variety or mixture will do cleaned, peeled or boned, and cut into small cubes Snapper fillet, small shrimp, fresh cod, French baguette, sliced 14inch thick about 3 to 4 slices per person, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons cracked black peppercorns], title: Fulton Market Fish Chowder, picturelink: null}, 18806: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Mix the chicken stock and eggs together in a bowl. Add the bread cubes and soak for a few moments, until the liquid is absorbed.nIf using fresh chestnuts, make an incision with a sharp knife in the skin. Place them in a pot of boiling water, to cover, 20 minutes. Drain, rinse under cold water, and let them cool enough until you are able to handle them. Peel the shell away and remove any of the papery undercoating that may remain so that you are left only with a meaty chestnut. These can be broken into pieces or chopped.nCombine the chestnuts with the soaked bread, add the fresh ginger and maple syrup, and season with the salt and pepper. Place the stuffing mixture into a 1 12quart baking casserole, and dot with the butter.nBake 25 to 30 minutes. When the Ginger Chestnut Stuffing is done, allow it to rest 15 to 20 minutes before serving. Serve with Duck Breast with Balsamic Vinegar Glaze, Roast Wild Turkey, or Venison Chops., ingredients: [1 cup chicken stock, 3 large eggs, 3 cups, 1inch cubes wholegrain bread, about 1 12 pounds, 1 12 cups cooked, shelled, roughly chopped fresh chestnuts vacuumpacked shelled chestnuts are an excellent substitute, 3 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 14 cup maple syrup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Ginger Chestnut Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 18807: {instructions: Special equipment: a paella pannIn a large skillet, heat some olive oil and lightly cook the garlic. Add the onions and peppers and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are nearly translucent, 7 to 10 minutes.nAdd the cuttlefish and tomatoes and mix well. Add the chorizo, paprika, white pepper, bay leaf and 8 grams salt. Stir well and let simmer until the cuttlefish softens and the liquid reduces, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to sit.nPreheat the oven to 180 degrees C 350 degrees F. Spread the chicken and rabbit on a baking sheet and roast until cooked through, 5 to 10 minutes.nIn a paella pan over medium heat, combine the green oil, 4 cups of the vegetablecuttlefish mixture save the remaining for another use and the rice. Stir so that the rice picks up the flavor of all the ingredients.nAdd the chicken and rabbit, the saffron and the remaining teaspoon salt to the paella pan mix well. Add the hot fish stock, stir, and cook over high heat, 7 to 10 minutes.nAdd the clams, mussels, langoustines and prawns, placing them decoratively on top of the dish. Transfer to the oven and bake until the stock is completely absorbed and the seafood is cooked through, about 10 minutes.nSprinkle the paella with parsley. Serve with quarters of lemon., ingredients: [150 milliliters 5 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, 1.5 kilograms about 3 13 pounds onions, cut into fine dice, 1.2 kilograms about 2 23 pounds green bell peppers, 1.2 kilograms about 2 23 pounds red bell peppers, 1.2 kilograms 2 23 pounds cuttlefish, diced, 1.8 kilograms about 4 pounds skinned whole tomatoes, 20 grams 34 ounce chorizo meat, 6 grams 14 ounce paprika, 2 grams .1 ounce white pepper, 1 bay leaf, 8 grams plus 1 teaspoon salt, 100 grams 3 12 ounces cubed chicken, 100 grams 3 12 ounces cubed rabbit, 1 tablespoon green oil a blend of olive oil, garlic and parsley, 150 grams 5 13 ounces rice, Pinch saffron, 400 milliliters 14 ounces fish stock, hot, 4 clams, 4 mussels, 2 langoustines, 2 prawns, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, 2 lemons quarters, for serving], title: Surf and Turf Paella, picturelink: qPoUzVMfUIs1ErX9oL0fIim0153ga}, 18808: {instructions: In a small saucepan over high heat, bring the rice and 1 12 cups water to a boil. Reduce the heat cover and simmer 5 minutes, or until all of the water is absorbed. Stir in the vinegar, sugar, allpurpose seasoning and salt.nOn a cutting board, separate the salmon slices and cut into 1 12inchwide strips. Place 2 teaspoons of the rice at one end of each salmon strip and roll up tightly. Sprinkle with sesame seeds, if desired. Serve the sushi bites with the soy sauce for dipping.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 12 cups instant rice, 1 12 teaspoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 teaspoon saltfree allpurpose seasoning, Pinch of salt, 3 4ounce packages sliced smoked salmon, Sesame seeds optional, Soy sauce, for dipping], title: Salmon Sushi Bites, picturelink: TRbJtwH5AXGxMss4.Dm0FfJhO7ViKz2}, 18809: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Toss eggplant, a pinch of salt and pepper, oil and five spice powder together. Spread on baking sheet and roast in oven for 15 minutes or until tender. Remove from heat and let cool. Dice roasted red pepper. Combine eggplant and pepper in large mixing bowl with 6 following ingredients. If mixture can not be formed into a cake, add bread crumbs to thicken. Season with salt and pepper. Divide mixture into 12 portions and form oval cakes. Dust each with flour. Warm a nonstick frying pan over medium high heat. Spray pan with cooking spray. Brown cakes on each side and remove from heat. Place cakes on a baking sheet and bake at 350 degrees F. for 10 to 15 minutes or until heated through. While cakes are cooking, have a pot of salted boiling water waiting. Add bok choy and cook until tender. Remove from heat and place 3 pieces of bok choy, split side up, on each plate. Place noodle cakes on top of each piece. Lightly press down so bok choy appears stuffed with the noodle cake., ingredients: [1 cup eggplant, 12inch diced with skin removed, Salt and pepper, 14 teaspoon five spice powder, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 roasted bell pepper, peeled and seeded, 2 cups of cooked angel hair pasta, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 2 scallions, sliced thin white and green parts, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, Bread crumbs, to tighten, Flour, for dusting, Nonstick cooking spray, 6 pieces baby bok choy, split and core removed], title: Stuffed Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 18810: {instructions: In a large pot over mediumhigh heat, bring stock to a boil.nSlowly pour in polenta, stirring with a whisk as you add it. After all polenta is added it will take about 2 minutes for it to begin to thicken. Reduce heat to low and continue cooking and stirring occasionally for approximately 40 minutes, or until polenta is smooth, and no longer gritty on the tongue. Just before finishing, stir in ParmigianoReggiano and thyme.nIn a 9 by 12inch baking dish, add 1 tablespoon water. Transfer polenta to baking dish and spread until it is of uniform thickness. Refrigerate for 1 hour, or until it solidifies.nTo make roasted red bell pepper sauce, roast the red and poblano peppers whole over a gas flame, a charcoal flame or under a broiler, turning 14 rotation every few minutes, until entirely blackened. Immediately place in a paper bag, seal, and let sit for 3 minutes. Peel off the charred skin and discard. Slice the peeled peppers open and discard the membranes and seedsnIn a saute pan over medium heat, heat the butter and add the shallots. Cook for about 6 minutes, stirring frequently, or until the shallots just begin to show signs of browning.nAdd the stock, 2 roasted bell peppers, poblano chili, and thyme. Bring to a boil, then immediately reduce heat to mediumlow and simmer for 15 minutes. Adjust heat as required to simmer.nRemove from heat and let cool. In a food processor or blender, add pan contents along with the remaining red peppers, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Blend until smooth. Reserve.nUse a cookie cutter or a pairing knife to cut out desired polenta shapes. In a saute pan over medium high heat, add oil and saute polenta shapes for approximately 5 minutes per side, or until a golden brown crispy crust has formed on each side.nJust before serving, reheat sauce in a saucepan and stir in cream. Ladle 23 cup of roasted red bell pepper sauce into a shallow bowl. Top with one piece of polenta. Serve immediately.nRecommended beverage: Italian Chianti red, ingredients: [4 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 2 cups polenta, 23 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, stems discarded, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 red bell peppers, 1 poblano chili, or 1 jalepeno chili, 2 tablespoons butter or olive oil, 3 shallots, 1 12 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, stems discarded, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Salt and pepper, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Polenta Shapes with Roasted Red Bell Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18811: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 11inch fluted tart pan with removable bottomnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a food processor combine the flour, 3 tablespoons of the sugar and the salt. Pulse in the butter and cream cheese until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 3 tablespoons cold water, 12 teaspoon of the lemon juice, the vanilla extract and egg yolk, and pulse until a dough forms. Transfer the dough to a floured work surface and form into a ball. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap, then press down to flatten and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nUsing a rolling pin on a floured work surface, roll out the dough to a large circle, about 14inches in diameter. Carefully place the dough into an 11inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Gently press the dough into the pan so there are no air bubbles around the edges. Roll the pin over the top of the tart to cut of the excess dough Prick the dough with a fork, and chill in freezer for 15 minutes.nLine the tart shell with foil or parchment paper and fill it with pie weights or dried beans. Bake the shell until cooked but not browned, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the liner and pie weighs and cool the shell.nIncrease the oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the blackberries, raspberries, cornstarch, the remaining 3 tablespoons lemon juice and the remaining 3 tablespoons sugar, and gently toss to coat. Fill the crust and bake for 10 to 12 minutes, then cool to room temperature. Remove from the tart pan before slicing., ingredients: [1 12 cups flour, plus more for dusting, 6 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, cubed and chilled, 5 ounces cream cheese, cubed and chilled, 3 tablespoons plus 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg yolk, 2 cups blackberries, 2 cups raspberries, 2 tablespoons cornstarch], title: Very Berry LA Tart, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 18812: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 cups hickory, cherrywood or applewood chips 2 9inchround disposable aluminum pie pansnSoak the wood chips in water 1 hour, then prepare your grill for smoking.nSeason the tomatoes with salt and pepper. Divide the herbs between the disposable pie pans, then add the tomatoes, cutside down.nOnce the grill reaches 250 degrees F, place the pans with the tomatoes on the cooler side of the grill. Close the grill and let smoke until the tomatoes are tender, 30 to 40 minutes. If using a gas grill, turn off the flame and let the tomatoes sit 10 more minutes this is not necessary if using charcoal it imparts more smoky flavor. Remove from the grill and serve hot or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [8 plum tomatoes about 2 pounds, halved and seeded, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 sprigs rosemary or thyme], title: Smoked Tomatoes, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 18813: {instructions: Lay out 6 slices of bread on a cutting board. Drizzle with olive oil and season with sea salt and black pepper. Top 3 slices of bread each with 3 slices of soppressata, 3 slices of cheese and divide the marinated artichokes evenly among the sandwiches. Top with the remaining 3 pieces of bread., ingredients: [6 slices Pugliese bread, or other hard crusted artisanal bread, Extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt, Freshly cracked pepper, 9 slices soppressata, 9 slices young pecorino cheese like Cacio di Roma, 3 marinated artichokes, thinly sliced], title: Super Tuscan Panino with Soppressata and Marinated Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 18814: {instructions: Toppings: Beer cheese spread, sliced grilled bratwurst and brown mustardnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Wisconsin Beer Brats Potato Skins, picturelink: KD7co2PNbwmZJ8tUxXowjO.dQ9ZeRC}, 18815: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Slice off 34inch from the pointy end of the garlic to expose a bit of each clove. Place garlic heads in center of a square of aluminum foil, cut side up. Sprinkle on a few drops of water, drizzle on the olive oil, and sprinkle on the salt and pepper. Pull corners of foil up to enclose and fold over to seal. Place package in oven and roast 50 to 60 minutes, until garlic cloves are soft and golden brown. Remove from oven and allow to cool. Squeeze out garlic pulp by squeezing head in half over a bowl. Spread on bread, use as base for dip or dressing., ingredients: [2 plump heads garlic, 12 teaspoon extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, Several grinds of fresh pepper], title: Roasted Garlic, picturelink: null}, 18816: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl add the baking mix, the milk and the egg and whisk to combine. Stir in the ham, cheese, onion, and thyme, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a high sided skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and heat it to 365 degrees F.nIn a shallow baking dish or pie plate spread out the bread crumbs and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Using a small cookie scoop or tablespoon measure, scoop out rounds of dough and drop them into the bread crumbs. Roll the dough around to coat them completely. Drop the croquettes, 5 or 6 at a time, into the hot oil and fry until deep golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from the oil and drain on brown paper or paper towels. Arrange them on a serving platter and serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup baking mix, 14 cup milk, 1 large egg, beaten, Reserved deli ham from Ham and Cheese Spirals recipe, chopped, Reserved Cheddar from Ham and Cheese Spirals recipe, chopped, 12 medium onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh chopped thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups canola oil, for frying, 1 cup panko bread crumbs], title: Round 2 Recipe  Ham and Cheese Croquettes, picturelink: hHAHx131hp5OUgUiX9CmFRClmUIoVO}, 18817: {instructions: For the crumb base: Throw the cookies and melted butter into a food processor and pulverize. Spoon some into the bottom of the serving glasses and set aside.nFor the pudding: Combine the sugar, cornstarch and salt in a medium saucepan. Stir or whisk together. Pour in the milk and egg yolks and whisk together. Stir over medium heat until the mixture just barely comes to a boil and becomes thick, 6 to 8 minutes maybe less, maybe more just watch it. The second it starts to bubble and thicken note: it should be thick like pudding, remove it from the heat. Add the butter and stir until everything is beautifully combined.nPour the pudding into the glasses on top of the crumb base. Serve warm or chill in the fridge for 2 hours. Top with chopped toffee candy bar., ingredients: [24 chocolate sandwich cookies, 4 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 1 12 cups brown sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 cups whole milk, 4 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 4 tablespoons chopped toffee candy bar, for topping.], title: Butterscotch Pudding, picturelink: D2uMCJ89NrSxxQV4MaYT3RlLN0EqYG}, 18818: {instructions: Add the sparkling wine and mango nectar to a chilled champagne flute. Stir and garnish with sliced mango., ingredients: [3 ounces sparkling wine, such as prosecco or champagne, 2 ounces mango nectar or juice, Sliced mango, for garnish], title: Mango Bellini, picturelink: Xem.7RcJDLY4FHMF9rlmu0zfrbTDi}, 18819: {instructions: Preheat the oven to broil.nIn a large bowl, mix together the herbs, garlic, pepper, salt and olive oil. Add halved tomatoes and toss well. Arrange the seasoned tomatoes, flesh side up, on a half sheet tray lined with parchment. Sprinkle liberally with the Parmesan. Put under the broiler until the cheese is browned and melted, and the tomatoes have caramelized, about 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 Roma tomatoes, halved and seeded, 1 cup grated Parmesan], title: Herb Roasted Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 18820: {instructions: Place the mangoes, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, tamarind paste, oil, red pepper flakes, and garlic in a blender. Puree until smooth.nPlace the chicken wings in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Add just enough sauce to coat the wings about 12 cup, reserve the rest for serving and toss to coat. Cover the wings with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking pan with aluminum foil and lightly coat with nonstick cooking spray.nLift the chicken wings out of the sauce letting the excess marinade drip back into the bowl. Place the wings on the prepared baking pan and bake for 30 minutes until cooked through. Preheat the broiler and adjust the rack so its 6 inches from the heating element. Transfer the wings to the broiler and broil for another 3 minutes until the skin is crispy.nWhile the wings bake, place the reserved sauce in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until syrupy, 5 to 10 minutes. Put the chicken wings on a platter and garnish with chopped scallion. Serve with the remaining mangotamarind sauce on the side for dipping., ingredients: [2 large mangoes, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 13 cup dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon tamarind paste not tamarind pulp, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 2 pounds chicken wings about 24, wingtips removed, or drumettes rinsed and patted dry, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cooking spray, Chopped scallions, for garnish], title: Chicken Wings with MangoTamarind Sauce, picturelink: f7u7njozJb0eVSw6nFD86WT6mlPpViu}, 18821: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat.nSeason the chicken with salt and pepper. Add chicken to the Dutch oven and brown on each side, about 8 minutes total. Remove to a plate and reserve.nAdd sausage, onion, bell pepper, celery, garlic, and thyme and saute until translucent and sausage is browned, about 8 minutes.nStir in rice, tomato paste, diced tomatoes, broth, bay leaf, and reserved chicken, and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer, and cook on low, covered, for 20 minutes.nTurn off heat and let rice stand, covered, 5 minutes. Remove bay leaf. Fluff rice with fork and stir in green onions and parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound smoked sausage, sliced into circles, 1 large Vidalia onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme, 2 cups long grain white rice, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 14ounce can fireroasted diced tomatoes, 2 12 cups chicken broth, 1 dried bay leaf, 14 cup thinly sliced green onions, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Smoked Sausage Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 18822: {instructions: In a blender, combine 2 cups orange juice and 14 cup instant oatmeal let sit 10 minutes. Add 2 cups ice, 1 cup vanilla yogurt and 12 teaspoon vanilla extract puree until smooth., ingredients: [], title: OrangeVanilla Smoothies, picturelink: pydUVsIxM8E7WoXZYeH8mZv.YOpIDwW}, 18823: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nFor the steak: Combine the flour, garlic powder, cayenne, and 2 teaspoons each of salt and pepper in a medium bowl whisk to blend. In a second medium bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, egg and mustard.nSprinkle the steaks on both sides with salt and pepper, then dredge in the flour mixture dust off any excess. Now dip the steaks into the egg mixture shake off any excess before returning the steaks to the flour mixture a second time again, shake off any extra flour. Place the steaks on a wire rack set over a baking sheet. Let sit for 10 minutes to allow the breading to form a dry crust.nMeanwhile, in a 12inch castiron skillet over medium heat, heat the canola oil to 350 degrees F, or until it begins to ripple in the center. Add the steaks and cook until golden brown on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Flip, and cook another 2 minutes. Remove to a wire rack set over a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven. Do not discard the frying oil.nFor the sauce: Wisk together the cayenne, brown sugar, paprika and garlic powder. Slowly pour in 13 cup of the hot frying oil. Whisk until well combined.nFor the sandwich: Spread the bottom of each kaiser bun with mayonnaise. Add a steak, some sauce, and then some pickles. Secure the bun top with two skewers. Slice in half and serve.nEAT CAREFULLY This is HOT chickenfried steak, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Four 4ounce cube steaks, 2 cups canola oil, 2 tablespoons cayenne, 2 teaspoons dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 kaiser buns, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, Bread  butter pickles, Bamboo sandwich skewers], title: Hot ChickenFried Steak Sandwiches, picturelink: pfBGdhud6O86L1HaGI6qK.NtgcxpVgy}, 18824: {instructions: For curd: Whip eggs and sugar until very light and fluffy with a whip attachment. Gradually mix in lemon juice and rind. Place over boiling water and cook, whisking until extremely thick, about 5 10 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in butter. Pour into a container, cover with plastic wrap and chill overnight to stiffen.nFor tart dough: Lay one sheet of phyllo on work surface. Brush with clarified butter and sprinkle with sugar. Repeat the process with the second and third sheets. Cut into 3inch squares.nLay 18 tartlet molds upside down on a sheet pan. Lay 1 square of phyllo over each pan, then place a second one on top of phyllo to help form tartlet shells. The square corners will spread out flat on the sheet pan. Bake in this upside down position weighted down with another sheet pan at 375 degrees Fahrenheit until golden brown. Let phyllo cool slightly, but while still warm remove from molds. Cool completely then fill with lemon curd by piping with a plain tip.nFor meringue: Whip egg whites until stiff but not dry then add the brown sugar gradually and continue whipping until stiff. Pipe onto lemon curd with a star tip and brown with a blow torch or under the broiler., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut up, 3 sheets phyllo, 12 cup butter, clarified, 12 34 cup sugar, 2 egg whites, 3 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Lemon Curd Tartlets, picturelink: null}, 18825: {instructions: Heat a Dutch oven or soup pot over medium to medium high heat with extravirgin olive oil. Add chorizo and render 2 to 3 minutes. To chorizo, add cabbage and begin to cook it down. While cabbage wilts, trim the leeks of top 3 to 4 inches and root ends then halve them lengthwise and thinly slice. Soak in large bowl of water to release grit. Repeat of leeks are especially sandy. Wipe down work area. Dry the leeks on kitchen towel and add to cabbage with some grated carrot. Season with salt and pepper and bay leaf and sweat the vegetables 3 to 4 minutes. Add chick peas and chicken stock to the pot, cover to bring up to a boil.nUncover pot and turn heat back a bit but keep at a low boil. Stir chicken into soup.nAdd ground meat to a bowl and top with bread crumbs or crumbled bread. Season the bread with paprika, cinnamon, a little nutmeg, salt and pepper. Add a handful of parsley to the bowl and an egg. Mix and form 1inch meatballs, adding them to the soup as you work. Wash up and simmer meats 5 minutes then stir in egg pasta and simmer 5 minutes more. Turn off soup.nWhile the soup cooks, combine remaining parsley with lemon zest, and chopped garlic Place seeded and chopped tomatoes in a small bowl and combine with lemongarlicparsley mixture.nServe Cocido in shallow bowls and top with spoonfuls of tomato topping to stir in., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound Spanish chorizo, halved lengthwise then sliced 12inch thick, 1 small head or 12 large head, no more than 1 pound, savoy cabbage, shredded, 2 leeks, 1 large carrot, peeled and grated, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 fresh or dry bay leaf, 1 15ounce can chick peas, drained, 6 cups chicken stock, 34 to 1 pound boneless skinless chicken thighs or chicken tenders, cut into bitesized pieces, 34 pound ground beef pork and veal mix, 12 cup plain bread crumbs or 1 slice stale bread, crumbled, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika or paprika, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Grated fresh nutmeg, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 handfuls, and divided, 1 egg, beaten, 2 cups fideos or medium egg noodles, 1 lemon, zested, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 firm plum tomatoes, seeded and finely chopped], title: Cocido, picturelink: null}, 18826: {instructions: Heat oven to 500 degrees F.nSpread potatoes out on a cookie sheet. Scatter garlic over potatoes. Coat lightly with extravirgin olive oil and season potatoes with salt and pepper. Roast until tender, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds small fingerling potatoes, 6 cloves garlic, crushed, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 to 2 tablespoons, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Fingerling Potatoes, picturelink: wIauABOh1aGfGQ9HWhPaAhQXv3AoK4K}, 18827: {instructions: Brown the chicken pieces in the olive oil over moderate heat, about 7 to 10 minutes. Transfer chicken to a platter and pour off all but I tablespoon of olive oil.nTo the pan add the garlic, peppercorns, and onions. Cook 4 minutes, then add the carrots, red wine vinegar, bay leaves, and dry white wine. Bring to a boil and simmer 35 to 40 minutes, until vegetables are tender. Add chicken pieces and simmer 3 minutes.nRemove pan from heat and add the pepper strips. Let the chicken and vegetables cool to room temperature and then chill them overnight in the refrigerator. Bring the mixture to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [One 3pound chicken, cut in pieces, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 12 large cloves garlic, peeled, 12 peppercorns, 12 small white onions, peeled, 2 carrots, sliced, 3 cups red wine vinegar, 3 bay leaves, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 peppers, red, green and yellow, cut in strips], title: Escabeche of Chicken, picturelink: null}, 18828: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nI love what the orange peel does to this drink  it is the perfect complement to a hearty breakfast or casual brunch. If youre serious about your cocktails, make sure all of the ingredients even the glasses are chilled when making this drink.nPut the orange slices into a durable bowl and add the lemon juice and the pinch of salt. Use a wooden spoon to bruise the orange slices so that the oil in the peels emerges and the pulp from the orange mixes with the lemon juice. Add the vodka and continue to stir. Add the orange juice and combine well.nDivide the ice among 8 glasses and pour in the drink mixture. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 oranges, washed and cut into 14inch thick rounds, 1 lemon, juiced, Pinch kosher salt, 16 ounces chilled vodka, 5 cups chilled orange juice, 1 cup crushed ice], title: Muddled Screwdrivers, picturelink: KHC05oOwe7y7ezzwkDqY1Aizgr07HB2}, 18829: {instructions: Combine potatoes, roast beef, onion, bell pepper, thyme and ground pepper in bowl toss to blend well. Heat oil in heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add potato mixture press to flatten with spatula. Cover and cook until bottom begins to crisp, about 5 minutes. Using metal spatula, turn over browned bottom in sections. Cook uncovered until hash is thoroughly flecked with brown bits and onion and bell pepper are tender, turning over browned bottom in sections 2 more times, about 10 minutes longer. Divide between plates and serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups leftover roasted potatoes, thawed, 6 ounces diced cooked roast beef about 1 12 cups, 12 medium onion, chopped, 12 medium green bell pepper, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon ground pepper, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil], title: Roast Beef Hash, picturelink: null}, 18830: {instructions: Cook the chorizo, stirring, in a medium skillet or a flameproof gratin dish over mediumhigh heat until golden, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and pour off any excess rendered fat, reserving about 1 tablespoon in the pan. If there is less than 1 tablespoon, add enough olive oil to make 1 tablespoon.nReduce the heat to medium and cook the onions, stirring occasionally, until soft, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Sprinkle in the flour and cook, stirring, until the flour is golden, 1 minute. Pour in the beer and bring to a boil. Stir in the chopped jalapenos and pickling juice and cook 2 minutes. Gradually add the milk, whisking, and bring to a gentle boil until thickened, about 1 minute. Add the cheeses and reduce the heat to low. Cook, stirring frequently, until the cheese fully melts, about 3 minutes. Stir in the reserved chorizo. Transfer to a serving dish, garnish with the cilantro and serve warm with dippers., ingredients: [4 ounces fresh chorizo, casings removed, crumbled, Olive oil, as needed, 1 small red onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 5 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup Mexican lagerstyle beer, such as Negra Modelo, 14 cup chopped pickled jalapeno, plus 1 tablespoon pickling juice, 34 cup milk, 4 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, finely diced about 1 cup, 4 ounces wholemilk mozzarella, finely diced about 1 cup, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Warmed tortilla wedges, tortilla chips, bell pepper triangles or French fries, for dipping], title: Queso Fundido con Chorizo, picturelink: 9D0at9uCkv7L70VyMCTv5xR3j4ZVu}, 18831: {instructions: Chop mint. In a saucepan bring sugar, water and mint to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Simmer syrup, undisturbed, 2 minutes. Pour syrup through a fine sieve, pressing hard on solids, and cool. Syrup keeps, covered and chilled, 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 12 cups packed fresh mint leaves, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Minted Simple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 18832: {instructions: Rinse and hull strawberries. In a small saucepan over medium heat, cook strawberries, 12 cup sugar, and lemon juice. When berries are soft, gently mash and set aside to cool.nIn a large saucepan, bring the water to a boil. Add the rice and cook until almost all the water has evaporated. Lower the heat to medium and add the milk, scraped vanilla seeds, and lemon zest. Stir frequently until the pudding has thickened, about 20 minutes. Stir in remaining sugar and allow to cool.nTo serve, swirl strawberry mixture into rice pudding. Alternately, layer pudding and strawberry mixture in tall clear glasses., ingredients: [1 quart strawberries, rinsed and hulled, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 12 cups water, 1 14 cups Arborio rice, 1 quart milk, 1 lemon, zest finely grated and juiced, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped], title: Strawberry Rice Pudding Risotto, picturelink: null}, 18833: {instructions: Pour water in a 3quart saucepan. Add potatoes, bay leaves, peppercorns, butter, parsley and salt. Cover and simmer for 25 minutes or until fork tender., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 dozen new potatoes, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 stick unsalted butter, 13 cup flatleaf parsley, chopped, 12 tablespoon sea salt], title: Herbed New Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 18834: {instructions: Heat butter in a large stock pot or Dutch oven over medium heat.nAdd leeks and garlic and cook 3 minutes, until soft. Add thyme and marjoram and cook 1 minute, until fragrant. Add potatoes and broth, increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, partially cover and simmer 5 minutes.nUsing an immersion blender, puree until smooth or puree in a blender and return mixture to pot. Remove from heat and whisk in sour cream. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Ladle soup into bowls and top with chives., ingredients: [2 teaspoons butter, 2 leeks, rinsed well and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried marjoram, 4 cups leftover cooked new potatoes, 6 cups reducedsodium vegetable or chicken broth, 1 cup reducedfat sour cream, Salt and ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons chopped fresh chives], title: Vichyssoise with Sour Cream and Chives, picturelink: zK40gyZHg5NoW1RRehtMqcc31daC}, 18835: {instructions: Mix spice ingredients in a small bowl and rub into desired steak., ingredients: [13 cup coarse black pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, Dash ground cumin, 13 cup coarse sea salt, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon beef base], title: Stumps Special Recipe Dry Rub, picturelink: null}, 18836: {instructions: Mix dry ingredients together and evenly coat the racks of lamb.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large, ovenproof saute pan, heat vegetable oil on high heat until lightly smoking. Carefully sear lamb on both sides quickly. Remove the pan from stove and place in the oven. Bake until lamb reaches an internal temperature of 120 degrees F. Cooking time will vary with individuals oven. Let chops rest for 5 minutes and then cut into portions.nTo serve, place 12 of the truffletaro mash in piping bag and pipe in round flower shapes on the plates. Serve 3 chops next to truffle taro mash. Drizzle some of the pineapple peach chutney on top of the lamb. Drizzle the berry jus sauce over and in front of the lamb.nBoil the potatoes until tender and drain. Steam the taro until tender. Pass both potatoes and taro separately through a ricer and into separate containers. Incorporate butter and cream into the Yukon mash and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Gently fold in the taro mash and truffle oil until just mixed. Adjust seasonings, to taste. Set aside.nSoak dried raisins and peaches in 12 cup of warm water to soften. Mix remaining ingredients in a bowl. Put all ingredients in a medium saute pan and cook on medium heat until the fruit is tender and the sugar begins to caramelize into a golden brown. Remove from heat. Remove cinnamon sticks, cloves and star anise. Set aside.nIn a saucepan, add the lamb stock and bring to a boil. Cook until reduced to 1 12 cups.nIn a separate, small, 2quart saute pan, saute carrots, celery, and onions in vegetable oil until all vegetables are caramelized and golden brown in color. Pour in 3 cups of red wine and reduce until almost dry and no liquid remains. Add lamb stock, coffee, bay leaves, peppercorns, and thyme. Add fresh raspberries, or substitute for any berry of your choice and blackberry jam. Cook until reduced to 1 cup. Strain through fine mesh strainer and add salt and pepper, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup Kona coffee grounds, 14 cup minced thyme, 14 cup minced rosemary, 2 tablespoons minced parsley, 1 tablespoon pepper, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 racks of lamb, cleaned and fat removed, 14 cup vegetable oil, Truffle Taro Mash, recipe follows, Pineapple Peach Chutney, recipe follows, Berry Jus, recipe follows, 2 cups peeled and chopped Yukon gold potatoes, 2 cups peeled and cubed taro, 14 pound butter, or adjust to personal taste, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, heated, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons truffle oil, 14 cup diced dried peaches, 14 cup raisins, 1 12 cups 14inch diced fresh pineapple, 1 cup 14inch diced fresh peaches, 1 cup diced Maui onions, 2 cinnamon sticks, 4 whole cloves, 3 whole star anise, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon sambal fresh ground chile paste, 14 cup minced ginger, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 5 cups lamb stock, 12 cup chopped carrots, 12 cup chopped celery, 1 cup chopped onions, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 cups red wine, 12 cup brewed Kona coffee, 4 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 4 thyme sprigs, 12 cup fresh raspberries, 12 cup blackberry jam, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Kona Coffee Crusted Rack of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 18837: {instructions: Place the turkey giblets, water, allspice berries, black peppercorns, bay leaves, cinnamon stick, celery, carrots, onion, salt and clementine zest and juice into a large saucepan and bring the mixture to a boil. Cover the saucepan with a lid and reduce the heat so that the mixture simmers gently. Cook for 2 hours.nRemove the saucepan from the heat and strain the gravy stock through a sieve into a clean large measuring jug. This should give you about 1 liter of stock.nWhen you are ready to make the gravy, remove the cooked turkey from the roasting pan and let it rest on a clean carving board. Pour the turkey juices from the roasting tin into a clean saucepan. Place the flour into a small bowl. Add a few tablespoons of the gravy stock and mix well with a handheld whisk. Add the flour and stock mixture to the saucepan and mix well over medium heat until the ingredients have combined.nGradually add the stock and honey to the saucepan and mix well. Let the gravy bubble away until it thickens and the floury taste disappears. Pour into a jug or sauceboat and serve with cooked Nigellas Spiced and SuperJuicy Roast Turkey.nFor the turkey:nPlace the water into your largest cooking pot or bucketplastic bin and add all the turkey ingredients, stirring to dissolve the salt, sugar, syrup and honey. Squeeze the juice of the orange quarters into the brine before you chuck in the pieces.nUntie and remove any string or trussing attached to the turkey, shake it free and add it to the liquid. Add more water if the turkey is not completely submerged. Keep the mixture in a cold place, even outside overnight or for up 1 or 2 days before you cook it, remembering to take it out of its liquid and wiping it dry with kitchentowel a good 40 or 50 minutes before it has to go into the oven. Turkeys  indeed this is the case for all meat  should be at room temperature before being put in the preheated oven. If youre at all concerned  the cold water in the brine will really chill this bird  then just cook the turkey for longer than its actual weight requires.nFor the basting glaze:nPlace the butter and syrup into a saucepan and cook over a low heat, while stirring, until the ingredients have melted and combined.nBrush the turkey with the glaze before roasting, and baste periodically throughout the roasting time.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCook the turkey for 30 minutes at this relatively high temperature, then turn the oven down to 350 degrees F and continue cooking, turning the oven back up to 425 degrees F for the final15 minutes or so if you want to give a browning boost to the skin. For a 9 to 11pound turkey, allow 2 12 to 3hours in total. But remember that ovens vary enormously, so just check by piercing the flesh between leg and body with a small sharp knife: when the juices run clear, the turkey is cooked.nJust as its crucial to let the turkey come to room temperature before it goes in to the oven, so its important to let it stand out of the oven for a good 20 minutes before you actually carve it., ingredients: [Giblets from turkey not including the liver, 2 pints water, 1 tablespoon allspice berries, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 3 fresh bay leaves, 1 12inch cinnamon stick, 1 stick celery, halved, 2 carrots, peeled and halved, 1 onion, halved, but not peeled, 3 teaspoons salt, 1 clementine, zested and juiced, 1 cooked Spiced and SuperJuicy Roast Turkey, in roasting pan, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons clear honey, For the turkey:, 10 pints 11 fluid ounces 6 liters water, 4 14ounces 125 grams table salt, 3 tablespoons black peppercorns, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 4 cloves, 2 tablespoons allspice berries, 4 star anise, 2 tablespoons white mustard seeds, 7 ounces 200 grams caster sugar, 2 onions, quartered, 1 3inch piece ginger, cut into 6 slices, 4 tablespoons maple syrup, 4 tablespoons clear honey, Handful fresh parsley leaves, optional only if youve got some parsley hanging around, 1 orange, quartered, 1 9 to 11 14pound 4 to 5kg turkey, 2 34 ounces 75 grams butter, 3 tablespoons maple syrup], title: Allspice Gravy, picturelink: 3C974Y6oCcEjnTL0Te8jp2OTZfDaam}, 18838: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Add 2 tablespoons salt. When the water returns to a boil, stir in the orzo and cook until al dente, about 6 to 7 minutes. Drain well.nReturn the cooked orzo to the pot, stir in the butter, and place over high heat. Add the mustard greens and lemon zest and cook, stirring until the greens wilt, about 3 to 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve with the freshly grated cheese on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coarse sea salt or kosher salt, plus more for serving, 1 12 cups orzo, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound red mustard greens, chopped green mustard, baby spinach, or mild arugula may be substituted, Grated zest of 1 lemon, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup freshly grated Asiago cheese, for garnish], title: Orzo with Mustard Greens, picturelink: z2aD6RuvgxY6S8aHXj.L.RC27PkhtOS}, 18839: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, cream the butter. Add the brown sugar and continue mixing. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and vanilla, then mix until well blended and fluffy.nIn a separate bowl, sift together the dry ingredients. Add to the creamed mixture alternately with the applesauce. Fold in the raisins and walnuts. Pour batter into a greased and floured loaf or tube pan and bake until firm to the touch, about 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool in the pan, then turn it out, and dust with powdered sugar., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 cups brown sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 14 cups flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 2 cups applesauce, 12 cup raisins, 1 cup chopped walnuts, Powdered sugar, optional], title: Applesauce Cake, picturelink: null}, 18840: {instructions: Whisk the rice flour and coconut in a small bowl. Beat the butter, 12 cup confectioners sugar, the salt and vanilla seeds in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until smooth and creamy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the egg, then beat in the flour mixture until just combined. Cover and refrigerate until the dough is no longer sticky, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Roll heaping tablespoonfuls of dough into balls and arrange 1 inch apart on a baking sheet. Refrigerate until firm, about 15 minutes.nBake the cookies until set and lightly browned on the bottom, about 20 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheet.nPut the remaining 34 cup confectioners sugar in a small bowl. Gently roll the warm cookies in the confectioners sugar and return to the baking sheet. Reroll the cookies in the confectioners sugar, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 cups rice flour, 12 cup unsweetened finely shredded coconut, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped, 1 large egg], title: Coconut Snowballs, picturelink: x11QVucEiQOKQw8atjGsk68elGxe}, 18841: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBreading: Put the bread crumbs in a medium bowl. Set aside.nFilling: In a medium bowl, combine the risotto, bread crumbs, Parmesan, basil, and eggs. With damp hands, using about 2 tablespoons of the risotto mixture, form the mixture into 1 34inch diameter balls. Make a hole in the center of each ball and insert a cube of Gorgonzola. Cover up the hole to completely enclose the cheese. Roll the balls in the breading to coat.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour in enough oil to fill the pan about 13 of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer, a cube of bread will brown in about 2 minutes. In batches, fry the rice balls, turning occasionally, until golden, about 4 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels and serve.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the broth to a simmer over high heat. Reduce the heat to low and keep the broth hot.nIn a large, heavy saucepan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat with the butter. Add the wine and simmer until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 1 minute. Add 12 cup hot broth and stir until almost completely absorbed, about 2 minutes. Continue cooking the rice, adding the broth, 12 cup at a time, stirring constantly and allowing each addition of broth to absorb before adding the next. Cook the rice until tender but still firm to the bite and the mixture is creamy, about 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the remaining butter, Parmesan cheese, salt, and pepper.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [2 cups cooked and cooled risotto or shortgrain rice, recipe follows, 1 cup Italianstyle seasoned bread crumbs, 2 cups cooked and cooled risotto or shortgrain rice, recipe follows, 12 cup Italianstyle seasoned bread crumbs, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 14 cup finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 eggs, at room temperature, beaten, 4 ounces Gorgonzola, at room temperature, cut into 16 12inch cubes, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 small onion, chopped, 34 cup Arborio rice, 14 cup dry white wine, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Fried and Stuffed Rice Balls Arancini di Riso, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 18842: {instructions: 1. In 13 x 9 x 2inch baking pan combine KELLOGGS CRISPIX cereal, pecans, cranberries and ginger.n2. Stir together remaining ingredients until sugar is dissolved. Drizzle over cereal mixture. Stir until evenly coated.n3. Bake at 350 degrees F for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes. Spread on paper towels. Cool completely. Store in airtight container.nFor more great recipes, visit www.Kelloggs.com.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9 2010 Kellogg NA Co., ingredients: [2 cups Kelloggsu00ae Crispixu00ae cereal, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 cup dried cranberries or dried cherries, 14 cup finely chopped crystallized ginger, 14 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons butter or unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce], title: Spicy and Zingy Crispix Mixand153, picturelink: null}, 18843: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the yucca with enough water to cover by at least 2 inches and add the salt. Bring the water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer gently for 30 minutes, until the yucca is forktender but still intact.nDrain the yucca in a colander. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the yucca and stir occasionally for 5 minutes, until slightly browned. Add the garlic and lemon juice and toss to coat the vegetables evenly. Cook for 2 minutes, just to release the aroma of the garlic, and add the cilantro and bell pepper julienne. Toss again just to mix and transfer to a warm serving platter., ingredients: [2 pounds yuca, peeled, halved and cut into bite sized cubes, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 7 cloves garlic, minced, Juice of 1 12 lemons, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves only, finely chopped, 12 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, white ribs removed, and cut into fine julienne], title: Yucca with Garlic Mojo, picturelink: null}, 18844: {instructions: To make the smoothies, combine 2 cups of the yogurt, 2 cups ice, 1 cup of the mango and all of the honey in a blender, and blend until very smooth. Divide among four glasses and refrigerate until ready to serve. Rinse out the blender.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat. Combine the remaining 1 cup mango, 14 cup water, 14 cup of the vinegar, the raisins, olive oil, cayenne, tomatoes and garlic in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover with a piece of plastic wrap and microwave until the tomatoes are soft, about 3 minutes. Let cool slightly and puree in a blender. Transfer to a small bowl. Set aside 2 tablespoons for the dressing, the rest will be used for tossing with the chicken.nPlace the corn on the grill, cover and cook, turning as needed, until nicely charred, about 10 minutes. Remove and keep warm.nTurn the grill down to medium and brush the grates with some of the oil. Toss the chicken thighs with half of the remaining sauce and 12 teaspoon salt. Arrange on the grill and cook until nicely marked and the internal temperature registers 170 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 8 to10 minutes per side. Baste a few times with the remaining sauce while grilling.nWhile the chicken cooks, whisk together the remaining 2 tablespoons yogurt, the reserved 2 tablespoons sauce, the remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1 tablespoon water and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Toss the mixed greens and carrots together. Divide the chicken, corn and salad among four dinner plates. Drizzle the greens with the reserved dressing. Serve each plate with a mango smoothie., ingredients: [2 cups plus 2 tablespoons lowfat plain yogurt, 2 cups frozen mango chunks, 3 tablespoons honey, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 14 cup golden raisins, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 5 sundried tomatoes not packed in oil, 2 small cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 ears corn, shucked, 8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, trimmed about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt, 6 cups mixed salad greens, 2 medium carrots, thinly sliced], title: Sweet and Spicy BBQ Chicken with Corn Salad, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 18845: {instructions: Thoroughly rinse the fish in cold water and pat dry. Put the fillets in a 9inch shallow heatproof bowl. Drizzle the soy sauce, salt and pepper over the salmon. Sprinkle with the scallions and ginger. Cut the lemon in half crosswise. Cut half a lemon into 4 slices and put on the fish. Juice the remaining lemon and drizzle over the fish.nPut a 1inchhigh steamer rack in a 14inch flatbottomed wok. Add water to a depth of 34 inch and bring to a boil over high heat. Carefully put the bowl on the rack, cover, and steam for 8 to 10 minutes. Test the fish for doneness by poking the thickest party with a chopstick or fork the fish should flake. If not, steam 1 to 2 minutes or until the fish just flakes. Be sure to check the water level from time to time and replenish if necessary, with boiling water. Carefully remove the bowl from the wok. Drizzle the sesame oil over the fillets., ingredients: [Two 1pound salmon fillets, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 scallions, cut into 4inch pieces, 4 slices ginger, 1 lemon, 2 teaspoons sesame oil], title: Danny Chans Steamed Salmon with Lemon, picturelink: null}, 18846: {instructions: Bring 3 cups milk, 1 chopped banana, 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon to a boil. Add 4 ounces chopped milk chocolate and 1 ounce chopped bittersweet chocolate. Remove from the heat. Let sit 1 minute, then puree.nPhotographs by Marko MetzingerStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Banana Cream, picturelink: Y638aZPM8q97vBnLG1XHAsEspF3E7BW}, 18847: {instructions: Special equipment: Wooden ice pop sticksnLightly butter 2 12cup muffin pans.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan, over medium heat. Add the marshmallows and stir constantly until melted. Remove from the heat stir in the peanut butter and vanilla. Add the cereal and 2 bottles of the sprinkles, stirring until combined. Using greased hands, press the mixture into the prepared pans, mounding mixture into a cupcake shape. Insert a wooden ice pop stick and let cool for 1 hour. Remove the rice cakes from pans.nIn a medium bowl, combine the candy coating and vegetable shortening. Microwave on high, in 30second intervals, stirring between each, until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 2 minutes total time.nDip the tops of the rice cakes in the melted chocolate. Immediately sprinkle with remaining sprinkles and serve., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, plus more for pans, 1 10.5ounce packages miniature marshmallows, 13 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12ounce box crispy rice cereal, 3 2ounce bottles colored sprinkles, divided, 1 16ounce package chocolateflavored candy coating, 4 tablespoons solid vegetable shortening], title: Crispy Rice Cakes, picturelink: null}, 18848: {instructions: Chop the shallot and put it in a small bowl. Add the vinegar, sugar and lemon juice and set aside.nMeanwhile, hull the strawberries and cut them in half. Transfer to a serving bowl along with the spinach and basil.nWhisk the EVOO into the vinegar mixture and season with salt and pepper. Toss the salad with the dressing and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 shallot, 2 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon superfine sugar, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 12 cups small strawberries, 2 to 3 cups spinach leaves, from a farmers market, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 4 to 5 tablespoons EVOO, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Spinach Salad with Strawberries and Basil, picturelink: .oQYjll.jd4HfVhw9wupjd5v86ivPgG}, 18849: {instructions: In a container that will hold the pork loin, mix the sugar, salt, peppercorn and 6 cups water. Add the pork and cover with more water if necessary. Let brine overnight in the fridge. Remove pork and rinse. Pat dry and set aside. Clean out same container and mix the thyme, garlic, achiote, wine and oil. Add the pork and smother with the marinade. Let stand overnight, turning once. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Remove pork from marinade and wipe off excess. Season with salt and pepper. In a hot ovenproof skillet coated with canola oil, sear the pork on all sides until brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer to oven and roast for about 20 minutes. Go for an internal temperature around 150 degrees for medium. The pork should remain pink. Let rest for 5 minutes before slicing.nPreheat a large casserole or stock pot. On a plate, mix the cumin, coriander, chile, pepper and sugar. Salt the pieces of pork and season well with the spice mix. Coat the pot with oil and brown the pork on both sides, about 12 minutes. Wipe out pot and coat again with oil. Brown the onions and garlic, about 8 minutes. Deglaze with wine and add the soy, chipotle, bay and cover with water. Check for seasoning. Bring to a boil and let simmer 4 hours until the meat is very soft. Carefully pull out pork and bay leaves. Blend the cooking liquid with a hand blender and check for seasoning. When pork is cool enough to touch, shred the pork by hand. In a large bowl, take 6 cups of shredded pork and mix with the rice, red bells, scallion whites and cilantro. Add the sauce, a small ladle at a time just to moisten the mix. Season and check. Lay the leaves shiny side down, and place 1 cup of filling on each. Wrap by bringing the bottom up first, fold in the sides underneath, then continue folding forward. The package should end up rectangular shaped. Place in a hot steamer for 10 minutes or until piping hot.nHeat a saute pan to medium heat and an coat with 1 tablespoon of canola oil. Brown shallots, garlic and ginger, about 5 minutes. Add hoisin and saute 3 minutes. Add juice and white pepper. Scrape into a blender and puree all. With blender running, slowly add oil until smooth and emulsified. Check for seasoning.nPLATING Zigzag the hoisin syrup and chile oil. Sprinkle the scallion greens around. Place 1 tamale and slice open. Surround with the pork slices., ingredients: [8 pound pork loin, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup salt, 14 cup toasted black peppercorns, 6 to 8 cups water, 5 thyme sprigs, 14 cup minced garlic, 13 cup achiote paste or powder add 2 tablespoons rice vinegar and 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup canola oil, Salt and black pepper, Canola oil, to cook, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground ancho chile, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 14 cup sugar, Salt, 6 to 8 pound pork shoulder pork butt, cut into 3 large slabs, Canola oil to cook, 2 large onions, sliced 14inch, 14 cup sliced garlic, 2 cups red wine, 1 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon chipotle puree adobo, 2 bay leaves, 6 cups cooked sushi rice, 2 red bells peppers, roasted, peeled and diced mediumdice, 6 each scallions, separated, 18inch slice, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 8 to 10 banana leaves, cut into 8 by 12inch pieces, Salt and pepper to taste, Chile oil to garnish, 12 cup canola oil plus 1 tablespoon, 14 cup minced shallots, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup minced ginger, 1 cup hoisin, 12 cup fresh key lime juice, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Achiote Marinated Pork Loin with Pulled Pork Tamales HoisinKey Lime Syrup, picturelink: null}, 18850: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Food processornIn a small bowl, mix together ricotta, 14 cup hazelnuts, nutmeg, lemon zest, and salt and pepper to taste. Lay several wonton wrappers on a work surface. Scoop a generous tablespoon of the ricotta filling into the center of each wrapper, and brush outside edges with egg white. Lay another wonton wrapper on top of each, and press firmly with fingertips to press out air and seal ravioli. Transfer ravioli to a parchmentlined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining wonton wrappers and filling, making 18 to 20 ravioli total. Cover baking sheet with a damp paper towel and transfer to refrigerator to set up, about 30 minutes.nTo make the spinach pesto:nIn a food processor, combine remaining 34 cup hazelnuts, lemon juice, spinach, garlic, parmesan, olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste and puree until smooth.nFill a large pot with water, salt liberally, and bring to a boil. Cook ravioli in three batches, until they are cooked and float to the top, about 2 to 3 minutes. Strain and transfer to serving bowls with a dollop of spinach pesto., ingredients: [2 cups fresh ricotta, 1 cup toasted hazelnuts, chopped, divided, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 ounce package wonton wrappers, 1 egg white, lightly beaten, 4 cups spinach, loosely packed, 1 clove garlic, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 12 cup olive oil], title: Ricotta Ravioli with Spinach Pesto, picturelink: VBpz8ty3eHRxZzVuJc1KfIFIOm592}, 18851: {instructions: Season the beef with salt and pepper. Tie the bay leaves, thyme and rosemary into a sachet garni in cheesecloth. In a large casserole combine the oil and butter and heat until the butter bubbles. Add the beef in one flat and not too tightly packed layer and brown the beef well on all sides. Remove the beef, set aside and add the onions to the casserole and cook to a golden caramelized color. Sprinkle the onions with the flour and stir to combine well.nReturn the beef to the casserole, add the beer, hot broth, herb sachet garni, tomatoes, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat to a slow simmer. Cook for 34 hour.nAdd the carrots, celery, rutabaga and parsnips and continue to cook for 1 additional hour., ingredients: [2 pounds beef stew meat, chuck, shoulder or bottom round, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon dry thyme, 1 tablespoon dry rosemary, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup onions, peeled and diced, 14 cup flour, 12 ounces dark beer, 1 quart hot beef broth, 12 cup crushed tomatoes, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 12 cup carrots, peeled and diced, 12 cup celery, peeled and diced, 1 cup rutabaga wax turnips, peeled and diced, 1 cup parsnips, peeled and diced], title: Beef and Beer Stew with Root Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 18852: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees. Heat four 10inch ovenproof dinner plates in the oven for 3 to 5 minutes. To ensure the success of the raclettes, the plates must be very hot.nWhen ready to serve, remove the plates from the oven. Working as quickly as possible, arrange four slices of cheese in the center of each plate, overlapping them slightly. The cheese should begin to sizzle once it comes into contact with the plate. At once, place the four plates on the floor of the oven. Let cheese melt in the oven for about 2 minutes, being careful not to let it brown. Remove from the oven, place a potato and one or two gherkins and pickled onions on the side of each plate and serve at once. Serve each plate on a service plate to prevent scorching the table., ingredients: [12 pound imported Swiss raclette cheese, cut into 16 slices approximately 18inch thick, 5inches long and 2inches wide, 4 freshly boiled small new potatoes, peeled and kept hot, 4 to 8 small sour gherkins, preferably imported cornichons, 4 to 8 pickled onions], title: Raclette Melted Cheese with Potatoes and Pickles, picturelink: null}, 18853: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: food processornLay pastry sheets flat on a clean work surface and lightly brush tops with olive oil. In a food processor blend nuts, sugar, cayenne pepper, salt, lime zest and juice and rosemary. Evenly spread this mixture over the pastry sheets. Starting from each end roll the pastry towards the center creating 2 spirals that touch in the center. Repeat with second pastry sheet. Wrap both in plastic wrap and place in freezer until ready to cook. These can be stored in the freezer for weeks.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and set the racks in the upper and lower parts of the oven. Cut the palmiers into 34inch slices and place on 2 parchment lined baking sheets. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown, switching pans halfway through. Remove from oven and let cool a few minutes before removing to racks to cool completely., ingredients: [1 box storebought puff pastry sheets, thawed, Olive oil, for brushing, 12 cup pecans, 12 cup walnuts, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 lime, zested, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary], title: Bar Nut Palmiers, picturelink: WjnHXjHWF.AfTguSEanm9uMJZKwRoQO}, 18854: {instructions: Divide ingredients in half and assemble two pearandStilton sandwiches.nMelt butter in a saute pan over mediumlow heat.nWhen butter is fully melted, place both sandwiches in pan, cover, and cook for 2 minutes per side, or until browned like a conventional grilledcheese sandwich. Keep a watchful eye on the pan when cooking the dessertwich raisin bread will begin to burn only moments after it is browned to perfection.nRemove from pan and slice each sandwich diagonally into 4 triangles. Serve immediately ideally with Port., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 ripe pear, peeled, cored, and sliced thinly If a ripe pear cannot be found, saute slices in a tablespoon of butter over medium heat for 5 minutes, or until tender. Or use canned pears., 3 ounces Stilton, sliced or crumbled finely, 4 slices raisin bread ideally, cinnamon raisin], title: Grilled Raisin Bread, Stilton, and Pear Dessertwich, picturelink: null}, 18855: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp. Drain on paper towels and reserve 2 tablespoons drippings. Finely chop the bacon.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, chopped bacon and chives in a medium bowl. Using a pastry blender or your fingers, work the butter into the flour mixture until it is in peasize pieces. Stir in the cheese with a wooden spoon. Add the buttermilk and reserved bacon drippings and gently mix until just moistened. The dough will be loose.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead 3 to 5 times, just until it comes together. Dont overknead or the biscuits will be tough. Roll out to 12 inch thick, then cut out biscuits using a floured 2inchround cutter. Arrange on an ungreased baking sheet. Reroll the scraps and cut out more biscuits. Brush the tops with melted butter.nBake the biscuits until golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Serve warm.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [4 slices thickcut bacon, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus melted butter for brushing, 1 cup grated Colby or cheddar cheese, 1 cup buttermilk], title: BaconCheese Biscuits, picturelink: 7YxWz87uuruMS9fLALBt.OWmB7Zy9vq}, 18856: {instructions: 1. Set up a grill for both direct and indirect heat.n2. Mix together the herbes de Provence, large pinch salt, and olive oil rub onto the steaks. Place the steaks on the hot grill over high heat until marked, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to indirect heat, cover, and cook 12 minutes more for mediumrare.n3. Let rest 10 minutes. Slice, cutting across the grain. Sprinkle with salt and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, Coarse sea salt or gray salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 1pound hanger steaks], title: Hanger Steak Provencal, picturelink: SPOQLgX62ylBIaa6PitUCafmCV5Dqy}, 18857: {instructions: For the onions: Melt the butter in a skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the red onions and cook slowly, stirring occasionally, until soft and deep golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Set aside and let cool slightly.nFor the hummus: Meanwhile, combine the chickpeas, tahini, cumin, garlic, lemon juice and some salt in a blender. Pulse until the mixture becomes somewhat smooth and combined, but do not overmix. Add 12 to 1 cup cold water as needed to facilitate blending and reach the desired consistency. Add the olive oil and pulse a few more times just to incorporate. Taste and add more cumin, salt or garlic if needed. Pour the hummus into a bowl and stir to ensure its combined. Serve immediately, or refrigerate for up to 3 days.nFor the balsamic vinaigrette: Shake together the oil, vinegar and some salt and pepper in a Mason jar. This makes more than youll need for 1 wrap store the rest in the fridge and use for another salad.nFor the wrap: Grill the tortilla on a grill pan over medium heat just until it has grill marks on the outside, 1 minute. If you dont have a grill pan, just use a skillet. The tortilla should still be soft and pliable, with just a little bit of color Let the tortilla cool slightly.nTo assemble the wrap, spread about 14 cup of the hummus down the middle third of the tortilla. Arrange the cooked onions and roasted red peppers all over the hummus. Add the artichoke heart halves. Toss the salad greens in 1 tablespoon of the balsamic vinaigrette, then lay them on the wrap. Finally, sprinkle the crumbled feta all over the greens. Carefully wrap up the tortilla, tucking in the ends. Slice the wrap down the middle, share with a friend and chow down, ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter or olive oil, 12 red onion, sliced, Three 14.5ounce cans chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon tahini, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, or more to taste, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, or more to taste, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 34 cup olive oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large spinach tortilla, 1 jarred roasted red pepper, sliced, 3 canned artichoke hearts, halved, 2 cups mixed salad greens, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: Heavenly Hummus Wrap with Homemade Hummus, picturelink: eITHn1yUU3UmzhXRwUOrbIDy9Mc8zIm}, 18858: {instructions: Place squid in medium saucepan. Strain hot court bouillon over the squid. Turn heat on low so that liquid steams but does not simmer, for 1 minute. Taste a squid ring: it should be just opaque and tender. If still chewy and translucent, cook for another 30 seconds to 1 minute but no longer. Drain squid and place in large bowl. Place lime juice in small bowl and drizzle in olive oil while whisking so as to form an emulsion. Pour vinaigrette over squid and stir to combine. Add all remaining ingredients except cilantro and lettuce, and stir well. Can be served immediately or held up to one day in refrigerator. Stir in cilantro immediately before serving. Serve on leaves of Romaine lettuce arranged on chilled plates.nBring all ingredients to a boil in a medium sauce pan, lower to a simmer, and cook 15 to 20 minutes. Strain hot courtbouillon over squid., ingredients: [1 12 pounds squid, cleaned and sliced, 1 recipe quick court bouillon, 14 cup lime juice, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshlyground pepper, 1 jicama, peeled and cut into julienne, 1 red pepper, minced, 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and minced, 6 scallions, sliced thinly, 2 Italian Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced, 12 bunch cilantro, washed and chopped, 1 head Romaine lettuce, washed, separated into leaves, and dried, 1 quart cold water, 1 onion, chopped coarsely, 1 bay leaf, 10 peppercorns, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 cup vinegar or 34 cup dry white wine], title: Poached Squid Salad with Lime and Jicama, picturelink: null}, 18859: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Add the onions, apples and Mesa Curry Powder and cook until the onions and apples soften, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Add the stock, bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 20 minutes.nAdd the coconut milk and threequarters of the corn kernels. Simmer, uncovered, until slightly thickened, another 25 to 30 minutes. Strain the finished sauce into a large bowl, add the remaining corn and taste for seasoning.nPreheat a grill for direct and indirect grilling.nBrush the halibut on both sides with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill over mediumhigh heat until slightly charred on the first side, about 4 minutes. Flip and char the other side, another 4 minutes. If the fish is not yet cooked through, rotate the grate instead of moving the fish so that the fish is over indirect heat. Cover and cook another few minutes until just cooked through.nTransfer the cooked fish to a large serving platter. Lade over some of the corncoconut curry sauce. Scatter the herbs over the sauce, and then top with some Grilled Cherry Tomato Chutney.nCombine all the spices in a small bowl.nPrepare a charcoal grill for direct grilling, high heat.nToss the tomatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a grill basket and grill until charred and slightly soft, tossing occasionally, about 5 minutes.nCombine the vinegar, sugar, coriander and cumin seeds in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until thickened to a glaze, about 10 minutes. Let cool slightly, then pour over the tomatoes. Toss, mashing the tomatoes slightly. Add the herbs and the zest, toss again, taste and season., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, Handful fresh mint leaves, for serving, 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced, 12 small Granny Smith apple, cored and diced, 3 heaping tablespoons Mesa Curry Powder, recipe follows, 3 cups fish stock or vegetable stock, 2 cups unsweetened coconut milk, 4 ears corn, grilled and kernels removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large skinless halibut fillet, preferably center cut about 2 pounds, Canola oil, Handful fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, Grilled Cherry Tomato Chutney, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground fennel, 2 teaspoons ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon ground chile de arbol, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pint grape tomatoes, Canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup cider vinegar, Handful fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped mint, Zest of 1 lime], title: Grilled Halibut with CornCoconut Curry Sauce and Grilled Cherry Tomato Chutney, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 18860: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a medium frying pan over mediumhigh heat. When it shimmers, add shallots, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle flour over the top and cook until raw taste is gone, about 30 seconds. Add stock and bring to a boil. Stir in lettuce and peas, reduce heat to mediumlow, cover, and simmer until lettuce and peas are tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in yogurt or sour cream, if using. Taste, adjust seasoning as desired, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil, 3 medium shallots, halved and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 medium heads butter lettuce, washed, core removed, leaves halved and thinly sliced crosswise Boston or bibb, 2 cups frozen baby peas, 3 tablespoons greek yogurt or sour cream optional], title: Braised Lettuce and Peas, picturelink: 796SgZOEM1wA242OK2uLBUdimzz82}, 18861: {instructions: Whisk 2 cups flour, 14 cup sugar, 34 teaspoon baking soda and 12 teaspoon kosher salt in a bowl. Work in 2 tablespoons cold diced butter with your fingers. Stir in 1 beaten egg, 34 cup buttermilk, 14 cup chopped walnuts and 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest. Pat into a buttered 8inch ovenproof skillet using floured hands and score an X in the top. Bake at 375 degrees F until cooked through, 30 to 35 minutes.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Skillet Soda Bread, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 18862: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Marinate the chicken in the Balsamic Base for at least 30 minutes or up to 2 hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat a grill pan or grill over mediumhigh heat.nLet any excess marinade drip off the chicken, and then grill the chicken for 5 to 6 minutes per side until cooked through. Once cooked, let rest 5 to 10 minutes. Then slice thinly on the bias.nFor the spinach and artichoke spread: Squeeze the drained spinach with a kitchen towel to dry it out. Place into a food processor with the sour cream, mayonnaise, garlic, lemon zest and juice. Puree until smooth. Taste for seasoning and add the artichokes. Pulse 2 to 3 times to leave the artichokes slightly chunky.nFor the sandwich build: Cut the Fresh Focaccia in half equatorially. Spread each half with Spinach Artichoke Spread. Then, on the bottom of the bread, sprinkle over the sliced sundried tomatoes, top with chicken slices, place a layer of mozzarella down and top with arugula. Place on the other half of bread and cut into as many pieces as you like and enjoynHeat the balsamic vinegar in a heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat. Add the brown sugar, salt, pepper, basil, thyme, garlic and shallots into the saucepan and stir. Bring the mixture to a gentle simmer and let cook until the liquid is reduced by half, 30 to 45 minutes. Once the mixture is reduced, strain it through a fine mesh strainer set over a bowl and let cool. Store the balsamic base in the fridge its great in salad dressings, marinades, drizzled over steaks...let your imagination run wild.nPlace the water in the bowl of a stand mixer. Add the sugar, sprinkle the yeast over the water and let it bloom until bubbly, 5 to 15 minutes.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the allpurpose and wheat flours together with the salt and chopped rosemary. Gradually add the flour mixture to the bloomed yeast in the mixing bowl. Then add 12 cup of the olive oil.nUsing the dough hook attachment, mix the dough on medium speed until it becomes smooth and soft, 8 to 10 minutes. The dough will be very loose.nTransfer the dough to a clean, floured surface and knead the dough by hand for 2 to 3 minutes.nWipe out the bowl you mixed the dough in and then coat the bowl with some olive oil. Return the dough to the oiled bowl and let it rest in a warm place, covered with a dish towel, until doubled in size, 30 to 35 minutes.nOil a 9by13inch baking sheet with the remaining 12 cup olive oil. Spread the dough into the pan using your fingertips to create dimples into the dough. The more dimples you make, the more texture the bread will have.nUsing a pastry brush, oil the dough and place leaves of rosemary into some of the dimples. Top with the tomato slices and sprinkle with the Parmesan. Cover the dough again with the towel and let rest in a warm spot until doubled in size, another 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 425 degree F and set a rack in the middle of the oven.nBake the dough until golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, 12 cup Balsamic Base, recipe follows or balsamic vinegar, 5 ounces 12 a box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted, drained, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 clove garlic, grated, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, One 6ounce jar marinated artichoke hearts, drained, Fresh Focaccia, recipe follows, 12 cup sundried tomatoes packed in oil, sliced into thin strips, 1 pound ball fresh mozzarella, sliced into 14inch slices, 2 cups arugula, 4 cups balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked pepper, 8 fresh basil leaves, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 large shallot, roughly chopped, 2 cups warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 packages active dry yeast, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, finely chopped, plus leaves, for garnish, 1 cup olive oil, plus more for brushing, 8 thinly sliced rounds beefsteak tomato, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Fresh Focaccia with Marinated Chicken and Spinach and Artichoke Spread, picturelink: qkIDoDcqTupAltJsyZHaS1ojPAJPFVm}, 18863: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs. Remove the noodles to a colander using tongs and rinse under cold water toss with the sesame oil and set aside. Add the spinach to the boiling water cook until wilted, about 2 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water squeeze dry and set aside.nRinse out the pot add 6 cups water, the carrots, garlic and ginger. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Cook until the carrots soften, about 8 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and soy sauce simmer until the mushrooms are tender, about 2 minutes.nDivide the noodles and spinach among bowls ladle the broth and vegetables into the bowls. Top each serving with the trout, scallions and chile pepper.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [8 ounces soba noodles, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 bunch spinach, stemmed, 2 carrots, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 1 12inch piece ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 12 ounces sliced stemmed shiitake mushrooms about 3 cups, 13 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 8 ounces smoked trout, skin removed, flaked, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 red Fresno chile pepper, seeded and thinly sliced], title: Soba Noodle Bowl with Smoked Trout, picturelink: kyWYO8WbGUzeoDgjvZT1Cbzqb94KKc2}, 18864: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the top third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F.nPrepare the biscuits according to the package directions, replacing half of the milk with buttermilk this will amount to about 13 cup milk and 13 cup buttermilk for most mixes. Roll or pat the dough into an approximately 8inch round about 12 inch thick. Use a 2inch round biscuit cutter to cut biscuits out of the dough. You can reroll the scraps once and cut additional biscuits, making 14 to 16 biscuits total. Transfer the cut biscuits onto an ungreased baking sheet and brush lightly with the remaining buttermilk.nBake until the tops are golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Allow to sit at room temperature while you prepare the eggs.nChange the oven setting to broil. Put the jalapenos on a small baking sheet and place under the broiler until charred all over, turning the jalapenos as needed, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let sit for 5 minutes, and then peel the skin away from the jalapenos. Roughly chop into small pieces, removing the seeds if you do not want the eggs too spicy. Set aside.nWhisk the cream, eggs and some salt and pepper together in a large bowl.nHeat the canola oil in a 10inch nonstick ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the breakfast sausage and cook until browned, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, 4 to 6 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the browned meat to a plate.nReduce the heat to medium, add the onions and cook until lightly caramelized, 4 to 6 minutes. Add the chopped jalapenos and browned sausage back to the pan and stir to combine. Pour the egg mixture into the pan and cook until the eggs just start to set, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle with the cheese and continue to cook until the frittata is almost set but the top is still runny, about 3 minutes.nPlace the frittata under the broiler and broil until lightly puffed and the top is golden brown, about 3 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, turn off the broiler and place the biscuits back in the oven. The residual heat of the oven will warm the biscuits through. After 5 minutes, use a rubber spatula to loosen the frittata from the pan and invert it onto a cutting board. Cut into 14 to 16 pieces depending on how many biscuits you baked. Split open the warm biscuits and sandwich a piece of frittata and some sliced green tomato between each biscuit., ingredients: [2 14 cups of your favorite allpurpose baking mix, such as Bisquick, About 13 cup buttermilk, plus more for brushing, About 13 cup milk, 2 jalapenos, 14 cup heavy cream, 8 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 8 ounces breakfast sausage, 1 small yellow onion, small dice about 1 cup, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 1 large green tomato, quartered lengthwise and thinly sliced], title: Mini Biscuit Breakfast Sandwiches with Spicy Frittata, picturelink: null}, 18865: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large soup pot over a mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, bell pepper and carrots and cook, stirring until the vegetables soften, about 5 minutes. Add the cayenne, black pepper, garlic and ginger and cook for 1 minute more. Stir in the sweet potato, broth, and tomatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes.nPuree the soup in the pot using an immersion blender or in a regular blender in 2 batches and return the soup to the pot. Add the peanut butter and honey and stir, over low heat, until the peanut butter melts. Serve warm, garnished with the scallions.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 large onion, diced about 2 cups, 1 medium red bell pepper, seeded and diced about 1 cup, 2 medium carrots, diced about 1 cup, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced about 1 teaspoon, 1 teaspoon peeled and grated fresh ginger, 1 large sweet potato, peeled and cubed 2 cups, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth or vegetable broth, 1 14.5ounce can no salt added diced tomatoes, with their juices, 23 cup creamy natural peanut butter, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 cup chopped scallion greens about 3 scallions], title: Nutty Sweet Potato Soup, picturelink: ZbBGsjxvfe7ZYmz40GPpjVoDm7Bu}, 18866: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat until shimmering. Add the onions and salt and sweat until the onions turn translucent, about 1 to 2 minutes. Do not brown. Add the garlic and continue to cook for another minute. Transfer the mixture to a medium mixing bowl and set aside to cool.nClean the squid thoroughly and remove the heads from the tentacles and discard the heads. Turn the tubes inside out since the outside skin tends to curl outward, itll hold the stuffing better inside out, put into a bowl and set in the refrigerator until ready to use. Place the tentacles and the shrimp into the bowl of a food processor and pulse 6 to 8 times or until there are no large pieces visible. Do not process until smooth. Transfer to the mixing bowl along with the onions and garlic. Add the bread crumbs, tomato, lemon zest, ginger, parsley and pepper. Stir to combine well.nPlace the mixture into a resealable freezer bag and snip 1 corner. You may use a pastry bag with a tip just small enough to fit into the end of the tubes. Pipe the stuffing into the tubes, dividing the mixture evenly between them. Do not overstuff.nPlace the tubes into an 8 by 11inch glass baking dish and cover with the tomato sauce. Cover tightly with aluminum foil and bake for 30 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 8 to 10 whole squid about 3 to 5 inches each, 2 ounces raw shrimp, 14 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons finely chopped tomato, 2 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 teaspoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups prepared tomato or spaghetti sauce], title: Squid Stuffed Squid, picturelink: iAxLlit37wq5mlWhZ.1LRJLy1ba652}, 18867: {instructions: Heat the butter in a medium saucepan with a tight fitting lid, over medium heat. Add the rice and lemon peel and cook, stirring, until slightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Stir in the water and add salt to taste, bring to a boil, reduce the heat, cover, and simmer until all the water has been absorbed by the rice, about 45 minutes. Please dont lift the lid to give a peek or stir or the rice will not cook evenly.nRemove the pan from the heat and let the rice sit, covered, for 10 minutes{once again, no peeking. Fluff with a fork, season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup long grain brown rice about 6 12 ounces, 1 2inch strip fresh lemon peel, 2 12 cups water, or vegetable broth, low sodium canned or homemade, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Basic LongGrain Brown Rice Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 18868: {instructions: Sprinkle goose leg with herbs and salt. Let marinate, refrigerated, overnight. Next day, pat dry and combine with melted rendered goose fat. Simmer until tender. Reserve goose and fat.nIn a large pan cover pork rind, pancetta and pigs foot with cold water, bring to a boil and simmer 3 minutes. Drain and rinse meats. Combine blanched meats in a large earthenware casserole with beans, carrots, onion, garlic, bouquet garni and garlic sausage, pricked several times. Add enough water to cover by 2 inches and slowly bring to a boil. Cook, covered, at a bare simmer over very low heat. After 30 minutes, remove sausage and pancetta when cool enough to handle, slice sausage and dice pancetta. Continue to cook beans for 2 hours or until very tender. Add salt in last 10 minutes of cooking time. Discard carrots, onion and bouquet garni. Drain beans, reserving liquid. Remove large bones from pigs foot and cut into 4 pieces. Cut pork rind into 1inch squares.nMake lamb stew: In a deep saute pan cook onions and carrots in reserved goose fat for 15 minutes or until golden and transfer to a plate. Add lamb and brown on all sides. Return vegetables to pan, season with salt and sprinkle with flour. Cook, turning lamb, until flour is cooked. Add wine, garlic and herbs. Adds tomatoes and enough of the reserved bean cooking liquid to cover. Cook over very low heat for 112 hours, skimming occasionally. Remove meat and carrots to a plate and strain sauce into a saucepan. Simmer sauce for 15 minutes until concentrated and flavorful.nTo assemble: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Rub bottom and sides of a mediumdeep earthenware oven dish with garlic cloves. Layer pork rind and goose, cut into two pieces, and top with 13 of beans. Layer pigs foot, lamb and carrots and top with 13 of beans. Layer sausage and pancetta and top with remaining beans. Sprinkle with some bread crumbs and ladle enough lamb sauce over top of mixture for liquid to rise to surface of beans. Dust with more bread crumbs and sprinkle with several tablespoons melted goose fat. Bake until heated through and surface begins to bubble. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F or lower, so casserole bubbles gently and bake about 2 hours. After first 20 minutes, baste surface first with lamb sauce, then with bean liquid. Continue basting every 20 minutes, until top forms a goldencrisp gratin crust. Break surface all over with a spoon so that part becomes submerged and rest is moistened by sauce. Break crust at least 3 times. However, if you run out of basting liquids, it is better to stop baking than to risk dish becoming too dry., ingredients: [1 whole goose leg leg and thigh, Mixed herbs, Coarse salt, Goose fat, 6 ounces pork rind, 12 pound pancetta, 1 pigs foot, 12 pound garlic sausage, 2 pounds dried white beans, such as Great Northern, soaked overnight or blanched  soaked, 2 carrots, 1 onion, 2 garlic cloves, Bouquet garni, Salt, 2 onions, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 1 lamb shoulder, cut into large pieces, but not boned, Salt, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 garlic cloves, Mixed herbs, 16 ounces canned tomatoes, 2 garlic cloves, Bread crumbs], title: Cassoulet, picturelink: null}, 18869: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the broth to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Cover the broth and keep it warm over very low heat.nMelt the butter in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until translucent, about 8 minutes. Stir in the garlic and saute for 30 seconds. Stir in the rice and cook for about 2 minutes until the rice is toasted. Add the wine and stir until it is absorbed, about 1 minute. Add 34 cup of hot broth simmer over mediumlow heat until the liquid is absorbed, stirring often, about 6 minutes. Repeat, adding 34 cup of hot broth 2 more times, stirring often, about 12 minutes longer. At this point, the risotto can be made 4 hours ahead. Refrigerate the risotto the rice will still be firm and remaining broth, uncovered, until cool, then cover and keep them refrigerated until ready to proceed.nBring the remaining broth to a simmer, then cover and keep it warm over very low heat. Stir 34 cup of hot broth into the partially cooked risotto over medium heat until the broth is absorbed and the risotto is hot, about 3 minutes. Add the remaining broth and simmer until the rice is just tender and the mixture is creamy, about 5 minutes longer. Stir in the peas and parsley. Add the 12 cup of Parmesan. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Spoon the risotto into bowls. Sprinkle additional cheese over and serve., ingredients: [3 12 cups canned lowsalt chicken broth, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup arborio rice, or mediumgrain white rice, 12 cup dry red wine, 13 cup frozen peas, defrosted, optional, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus additional for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Red Wine Risotto with Peas, picturelink: KHC05oOwe7y7ezzwkDqY1Aizgr07HB2}, 18870: {instructions: Put the chicken broth and tomatoes in a large Dutch oven or pot, cover and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Meanwhile, put the onion, olives, mint, oregano and pumpkin pie spice in a food processor pulse until very finely chopped. Add half of the onion mixture to the pot. Add the bread to the food processor with the remaining onion mixture and pulse to form wet crumbs. Transfer to a large bowl, add the beef and mix with your hands until just combined. Form into 20 small meatballs and add to the pot. Cook, turning the meatballs once, until just firm, about 3 minutes. Gently stir the butter beans and zucchini into the stew cook until the zucchini is tender, about 5 minutes. Add lemon juice to taste.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 14ounce cans diced fireroasted tomatoes with green chiles, 1 large red onion, cut into chunks, 1 cup pimientostuffed green olives, 1 cup lightly packed fresh mint, dill or a combination, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground pumpkin pie spice or allspice, 2 thick slices sandwich bread, torn into pieces, 12 ounces ground beef chuck, 1 14ounce can butter beans, drained and rinsed, 1 large or 2 small zucchini, quartered lengthwise and cut into 12inch pieces, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Greek Meatball Stew, picturelink: 8Zu1IWBZpGnGs7T6178gB6WO7z8VV2}, 18871: {instructions: Fill a small singleserving 6 ounce container with a third of the yogurt. Top with a third of the berries. Drizzle 1 teaspoon of maple syrup over the berries. Repeat two more times with the rest of the yogurt, berries and maple syrup. Pack the granola separately so that it can be mixed into the parfait when ready to eat. Pack the parfait with an ice pack or frozen juice box so that it stays cold until lunchtime.nHeat an oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the maple syrup with the coconut oil in a small skillet over mediumlow heat, just to melt the oil. While still warm, toss the maple syrup mixture together with the oats, almonds, sunflower seeds and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl. Spray a baking sheet with the nonstick cooking spray. Spread the granola on the sheet tray in a thin layer. Bake for a total of 20 minutes, tossing the granola halfway through. Let cool to room temperature and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [13 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 13 cup fresh or frozen mixed berries, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 tablespoon Easy Homemade Granola, recipe below, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 teaspoon extravirgin raw coconut oil, 12 cup oldfashioned oats, 14 cup sliced raw almonds, 14 cup raw sunflower seeds, Kosher salt, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Mixed Berry and Yogurt Parfait, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 18872: {instructions: For the clams and broth: Saute the shallots and garlic in the olive oil in a large pan with the clams. Pour in the beer to deglaze and add the fish stock. Cook over mediumhigh heat until all of the clams are open. Stir in the butter and creme fraiche. Season with salt and finish by folding in the orange wheels and parsley leaves.nFor the bread and aioli: Combine the vinegar, mustard, lime juice and egg in a blender. Blend well until smooth. Slowly drizzle in the oil. Continue adding the oil until aioli consistency. Season with salt. Lightly coat the bread with oil and sprinkle with salt. Toast or grill, and then smear with the aioli. Serve with the clams., ingredients: [12 cup sliced shallots, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 dozen clams, rinsed well, 1 cup hefeweizenstyle beer, 2 cups fish stock, 8 ounces Europeanstyle unsalted butter, diced, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, Salt, 2 oranges, peeled and cut into rounds, 4 tablespoons fresh picked parsley leaves, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Juice of 2 limes, 1 egg, 2 cups grapeseed oil, plus more as needed, Salt, 4 thick slices bread], title: White Water Clams with Beer and Orange Broth, picturelink: null}, 18873: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut off the top 14 of the pointy end of the garlic bulb so that all of the cloves are exposed. Drizzle with olive oil, wrap in aluminum foil and bake for about 1 hour, or until the top is browned and the individual cloves are soft throughout. Let cool.nMelt the butter in a soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the leek and onion and stir for about 5 minutes, or until they are translucent but not yet brown. Add the wine and cook for 2 more minutes.nAdd the potatoes and stock. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to mediumlow and simmer for 40 minutes. Adjust heat as required to simmer.nAdd the salt, pepper, and sage. Let the soup cool.nExtract the individual garlic cloves squish them all out by applying pressure to the bottom of the bulb, or remove them individually with an escargot fork. Add them to the stockpot.nIf using fresh sage, remove sprigs, then puree the soup in a blender or food processor. Refrigerate for a minimum of 1 hour.nJust before serving, add 1 part milk for every 3 parts soup, and blend in a blender for 15 seconds to aerate. Serve cold in chilled bowls., ingredients: [1 whole bulb garlic, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 large leeks, white and light green parts only, coarsely chopped and thoroughly washed, 1 cooking onion, chopped, 34 cup dry white wine, 8 purple potatoes, or 4 medium Yukon gold or russet potatoes, peeled and sliced or diced, 6 cups vegetable broth or chicken stock, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 4 sprigs fresh sage, or 1 tablespoon dried sage, 3 cups whole milk], title: Purple Potato Vichyssoise with Roasted Garlic, picturelink: null}, 18874: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Line a sheet pan with foil, place a rack on top of the pan and oil the rack.nToss the wings with the 2 tablespoons oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spread the wings on the rack in 1 layer. Broil 4 to 5 inches from the heat, turning over once, until barely cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes.nIn a small saucepan over moderate heat, whisk the hot pepper jelly, lime juice and hot sauce until smooth. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and let simmer 1 to 2 minutes. Brush 14 cup sauce on the cooked wings and broil 1 to 2 minutes. Brush the wings with 14 cup sauce again, and then turn the wings over and brush with another 14 cup sauce. Broil until crispy about, 2 to 3 minutes. Brush with the remaining sauce before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus extra for oiling rack, 5 pounds chicken wings, split, wing tips cut off and discarded, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup hot pepper jelly recommended: Stonewall Kitchens, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 cup hot sauce recommended: Franks], title: Broiled Hot Pepper Wings, picturelink: null}, 18875: {instructions: Heat butter in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add remaining ingredients and cook for 15 minutes. Place mixture in a blender and blend until smooth. Return to the saucepan exept for chicken and cook an additional 15 to 20 minutes, or until thickened. Preheat grill. Brush chicken with vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill chicken for 6 to 7 minutes on each side or until golden brown and cooked through. Remove chicken from the grill and brush with the sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup finely diced onion, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 6 plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons tamarind concentrate, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 4 bone in chicken breasts, 4 chicken thighs, Vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste], title: Fire Roasted Chicken with TamarindMolasses Glaze, picturelink: null}, 18876: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the bread into 1inch cubes and spread in the bottom of a greased 9 by 13 by 2 inch casserole dish.nIn a medium skillet, brown the sausage over medium heat until fully cooked and no longer pink. Remove the sausage with a slotted spoon to drain the fat. Spread the cooked sausage over the bread and top with the cheese. Then stir together the, halfandhalf, dry mustard, salt and eggs. Pour this mixture over the cheese. Cover the casserole with aluminum foil and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight.nThe next day, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake the covered casserole until set and slightly golden, about 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow the casserole to set for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing, 12 loaf of sliced white loaf bread, 1 pound fresh bulk pork sausage with sage, 10 ounces sharp Cheddar, grated, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Breakfast Sausage Casserole, picturelink: ZbvnHQ4gVljuOMlpQe88F3GbBwSaPSm}, 18877: {instructions: Peel 1 medium kohlrabi or turnip and cut into matchsticks. Whisk the juice of 12 lemon, 14 cup chopped dill, 12 clove minced garlic, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, and salt and pepper in a bowl whisk in 3 tablespoons olive oil. Toss with the kohlrabi, 14 head shredded Savoy cabbage, and salt and pepper to taste.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: CabbageKohlrabi Slaw, picturelink: QYoejWbesoJK2xlkspJfBpwWdEpPxF.}, 18878: {instructions: In a heavybottomed medium saucepan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and saute until fragrant and translucent. Add the orzo and toast for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the wine and cook until absorbed.nGradually add the chicken stock, stirring frequently. Bring to a simmer, lower the heat, and cover. Cook for 8 to 10 minutes, until the liquid is almost absorbed and orzo is tender. Remove from the heat.nStir in peas, Parmesan, fresh basil, lemon zest, heavy cream, and lemon juice. Season the orzo with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup diced onion, 1 12 cups orzo or pearl barley, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 cups chicken stock or lowsodium broth, 12 cup frozen petite green peas, 13 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons chiffonade fresh basil, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup heavy cream, Juice of 1 lemon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: LemonBasil Orzotto, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 18879: {instructions: Combine the dried dates, figs and cranberries in a medium microwavesafe bowl add 2 tablespoons rum and the butter. Microwave in 1minute intervals, stirring, until the dried fruit is softened and the butter is melted, about 3 minutes. Set aside.nToast the pecans in a small dry skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let cool, then coarsely chop.nCombine the graham crackers, crystallized ginger, candied lemon peel, molasses, cinnamon, allspice and salt in a food processor. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon rum, the pecans and the driedfruit mixture with any liquid from the bowl. Pulse until the mixture is finely chopped and holds together when squeezed. If the mixture is dry, add a little water just until it holds together.nRoll tablespoonfuls of the mixture into balls and arrange on a baking sheet. Refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours or overnight.nPut the sanding sugar on a plate. Roll the balls in the sugar to coat.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [12 cup pitted dried dates, 12 cup dried black figs, stemmed and halved, 13 cup dried cranberries, 3 tablespoons dark rum or brandy, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup pecans, 1 12 cups crushed graham crackers, 2 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped candied lemon or orange peel, 1 tablespoon molasses, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, Pinch of salt, Green, red or white sanding sugar, for decorating], title: NoBake Spiced Fruitcake Balls, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 18880: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWith a meat mallet, pound chicken breast halves until thin. Put each half on a large piece of plastic wrap and season chicken with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a saute pan over medium heat, heat 1 tablespoon oil and saute the vegetables until tender. Divide the vegetables in half and arrange in center of each chicken breast. Roll each chicken into a log and wrap tightly in the plastic wrap. Tie the ends of the wrap into a knot. Cover the bottom of a shallow baking dish with water and add the chicken. Bake until cooked through, about 20 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining 12 cup of olive oil. When the oil is hot add the potatoes and fry until golden brown. Remove from the oil to paper towels to drain. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nRemove the chicken from the oven to a cutting board. Discard the plastic wrap and slice. Arrange the potatoes on serving plates and top with the chicken., ingredients: [2 chicken breast halves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 12 cup olive oil, divided, 1 green bell pepper, cored, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 carrot, thinly cut into sticks, 2 Idaho potatoes, sliced 18inch thick], title: Chicken Roulade with Mixed Vegetables and Pan Fried Potatoes, picturelink: 9Alsgfkdcgi4bKD6pwEdVdF1ZBwLG.}, 18881: {instructions: For the Chicken Cacciatore:nIn a shallow bowl, combine the flour, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and 12 teaspoon of the pepper. Rinse the chicken and pat it dry with paper towels. Working in batches, lightly coat the chicken with the flour mixture, shaking off any excess.nHeat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add some of the chicken to the pan. Cook until browned, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with the remaining chicken.nAdd the onion to the pan and cook for 2 minutes. Add the carrot, celery, garlic, thyme, and bay leaf. Cook for 10 minutes.nCrush the tomatoes and stir them into the vegetables. Add the wine and the remaining salt and pepper and bring to a simmer. Add the chicken, reduce heat, and cover. Simmer for 45 minutes, turning the pieces occasionally. Remove and discard the bay leaf. Stir in the parsley and serve on individual plates., ingredients: [14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 1 14 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, divided, 1 3 12 to 4pound chicken, cut into pieces, 14 cup olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, roughly chopped, 1 carrot, diced, 1 rib celery, diced, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, 13 cup dry red wine, 14 cup freshly chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: null}, 18882: {instructions: Cut the tomatoes, scallions, cucumber, and onion in large pieces and place them in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Add the garlic and pulse until the soup is coarsely pureed. Place it in a large bowl and whisk in the vinegar, olive oil, celery salt, red pepper flakes, tomato paste, tomato juice, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 12 teaspoons pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and chill for 4 hours or overnight.nWhen ready to serve, preheat the broiler and place the top rack 5 to 7 inches from the heat. Cut 6 12inchthick diagonal slices from the baguette. Place on a sheet pan, brush with olive oil, and broil for 1 to 2 minutes on one side. Turn the slices, spread with the goat cheese, and broil for another minute, until the cheese is warm and the bread is toasted. Serve big bowls of cold soup with a warm goat cheese crouton and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [2 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, drained, 4 scallions, 14 seedless cucumber, unpeeled and seeds removed, 1 large red onion, 6 garlic cloves, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup good olive oil, plus extra for toasts and drizzling, 12 teaspoon celery salt, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 cups tomato juice, preferably Sacramento, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 baguette, 4 ounces garlic and herb goat cheese, such as Montrachet], title: Easy Gazpacho  Goat Cheese Croutons, picturelink: null}, 18883: {instructions: Place the strawberries, watermelon, peach, sorbet, and orange juice in a blender and puree until smooth and creamy. Add more orange juice if youd like it a little less thick. Serve immediately in tall glasses with straws., ingredients: [1 cup chopped ripe strawberries 5 large strawberries, 1 cup chopped seeded watermelon, 1 cup chopped fresh peach, 1 cup raspberry sorbet, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice], title: Sunrise Smoothie, picturelink: ZhgmDy2G86Z9CuJJJa9AhmI0ZDOA.wW}, 18884: {instructions: For the oil: In a medium bowl, mix together the chiles, basil, mint and parsley. Add in the oil and season with salt and pepper.nFor the popover: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a 10inch castiron skillet in the oven to heat. Prepare an ice bath in a large bowl and line a plate with paper towels.nBring a pan of salted water to a boil, add the asparagus and cook until just tender, 1 to 2 minutes, depending on size. Drain, drop into the ice bath and dry on the prepared plate.nWhisk together the eggs and milk until smooth. Slowly whisk in the flour and whisk until smooth. Sprinkle the egg mixture with some salt and pepper. Add 12 cup of the fontina cheese.nUsing pot holders, carefully remove the pan from the oven. Add the butter to the hot pan and stir until melted. Arrange the asparagus in the bottom of the pan and then season with salt and pepper. Pour the egg mixture over the top. Bake until puffed and golden brown, about 15 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven. Sprinkle the remaining fontina and the Parmesan on top, and put it back in the oven until the cheese is melted, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and drizzle with some of the herb oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 serrano chile, finely diced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt, 8 ounces asparagus, trimmed, 4 large eggs, 12 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup coarsely shredded fontina cheese, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Asparagus and Cheese Popover with Spicy Herb Oil, picturelink: d6qmY1H9gcIRB0yXl1BR.baekt5coW2}, 18885: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to boil for pasta. When it comes to a boil, add pasta and salt to season the cooking water. Cook pasta 6 minutes to al dente.nWhile water comes to a boil and pasta cooks, heat a deep skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil then butter then ground meat. Break up meat and crumble, 2 to 3 minutes. Add garlic, onions, red bell peppers and seasonings to the turkey. Cook 5 or 6 minutes then add chicken stock and sour cream to the pan. Bring to a bubble and reduce heat to low. Add cooked pasta and stir. Let pasta absorb some sauce, a minute or so. Adjust seasonings and serve. Garnish the prepared dish with chopped parsley and dill., ingredients: [12 pound elbow macaroni, Salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 package, 1 13 pounds average weight, ground lean white turkey, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried marjoram, Black pepper, 1 cup chicken stock, available in small 8 ounce paper containers on soup aisle of market, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped dill], title: Great Goulash: Ground Turkey Paprikash and Macaroni, picturelink: null}, 18886: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Beat the sugar and butter together until creamy. Beat in the eggs. Sift the flour and baking powder over the mixture and fold them in lightly.nGrate the zest of the orange and squeeze out the juice. Stir zest, juice, and Cointreau into the batter. Then grease a 5cup bread pan and spoon in the batter. Knock the pan against the countertop to settle the contents. Bake for about 50 minutes, until the cake is firm but bouncy to the touch and the blade of a knife inserted into it comes out clean. Leave it to cool for 10 to 15 minutes, then unmold onto a dish.nMeanwhile, prepare the glazing. In a small saucepan, gently warm the orange juice and Cointreau. Stir in the confectioners sugar.nUsing a pastry brush, paint the glaze over the cakesome of the glaze will seep in, the rest will form a light crust. Serve cold., ingredients: [Heaping 12 cup superfine sugar, 6 tablespoons soft unsalted butter, plus extra for greasing, 2 extralarge eggs, 23 cup selfrising flour, 1 scant teaspoons baking powder, 1 large juicy orange, 1 tablespoon Cointreau, 5 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon Cointreau, 7 to 8 tablespoons confectioners sugar], title: Gateau a lOrange, picturelink: null}, 18887: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nSoften the ice cream in a large bowl. Add the tea and spices and mix until thoroughly combined. Pack and refreeze at least 2 hours.nUnwrap the caramel squares and place them on the baking sheet spaced about 2 inches apart. Bake until melted and softened. Place another piece of parchment on top and press the caramel into a circle. Cool another 2 minutes. Peel the caramel circles off the parchment and press into mini muffin pans to form a small cup shape. Cool completely.nScoop ice cream into cups and garnish with almonds., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, 14 cup brewed Chai tea, chilled, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, Caramel squares, Sliced almonds for garnish], title: Chai Ice Cream in Caramel Cups, picturelink: null}, 18888: {instructions: Place the milkshake glasses in the freezer for 10 minutes.nIn a 6cup capacity blender, combine the chocolate ice cream, milk and cayenne pepper.nBlend for 15 to 20 seconds until smooth.nTo serve, divide the milkshake mixture between the frosted glasses. Cut a slit into each of the strawberries and place on the rim of each glass.nCooks Note: Start with 14 teaspoon of the cayenne pepper and increase by 14 teaspoon increments until the desired spiciness is reached., ingredients: [1 quart chocolate ice cream or gelato, softened, 2 12 cups whole milk, 14 to 34 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 6 strawberries, Special equipment: 6 8ounce milkshake glasses], title: Spicy Chocolate Milkshakes, picturelink: null}, 18889: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace each rib rack on a sheet of extrawide, heavyduty aluminum foil. The foil should be 4 inches longer than the ribs on either end. Season racks liberally with kosher salt and sprinkle each rack with 3 tablespoons of the rub. Turn the ribs, meat side down, and tightly seal each foil pouch. Place on a half sheet pan and refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, heat the oven to 250 degrees F.nCombine the orange juice and margarita mix in a liquid measuring cup. Open 1 end of each pouch and evenly divide the liquid between the 2 pouches. Reseal the pouches and place the sheet pan in the oven for 2 hours. Remove the ribs from the oven, carefully open 1 end of each pouch and pour the braising liquid into a heatproof measuring cup. Reseal the pouches and place them and the measuring cup of liquid into the refrigerator for up to 8 hours.nThe fat in the braising liquid will have solidified on the top and can be removed at this time. Transfer the liquid to a small saucepan and add the honey, ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, espresso powder and cayenne pepper. Whisk to combine. Set over medium high heat and reduce to a glaze, approximately 10 minutes.nSet a gas grill to mediumhigh and allow to heat for 10 minutes. Cut each slab in half and place them on the grill, flesh side down, close the lid and decrease the heat to medium. Leave alone for 3 minutes. Flip and cook for another 3 minutes. Flip and cook for 3 minutes on each side 1 more time or until each rib has a nice char. Remove the ribs from the grill to a cutting board. and cut into 2 rib portions, using kitchen shears. Add the ribs and half the glaze to a large serving bowl and toss to thoroughly coat. Serve the remaining glaze on the side.nPlace all of the ingredients in an airtight container and shake to combine. Store for up to 3 months.nYield: about 2 12 cups, ingredients: [2 full racksslabs about 4 12 pounds baby back pork ribs, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons Rub Number Nine, recipe follows, 12 cup orange juice not fresh squeezed, 12 cup margarita mix, 13 cup honey, 13 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon espresso powder or instant coffee powder, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 14 cups dark brown sugar, 34 cup chili powder, 14 cup garlic powder, 2 tablespoons ground thyme, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon allspice], title: Backyard Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: Cq8ZR5WzngoMlfcHC1IBvQpa4cYo7j2}, 18890: {instructions: Scoop out the flesh from one avocado and add it to a food processor along with the tofu and 34 teaspoon salt. Process until completely smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.nScoop out the flesh from the remaining avocado and place it in a medium bowl. Roughly mash with a fork. Add the avocado and tofu mixture, the onion, jalapeno, tomato, lime juice, chopped cilantro and 34 teaspoon salt. Stir gently to combine.nTransfer the dip to a small serving bowl and garnish with whole cilantro leaves. Serve with tortilla chips and bell peppers., ingredients: [2 large ripe avocados, halved and pits removed, 8 ounces silken tofu, drained well, Kosher salt, 14 small red onion, finely diced about 14 cup, 1 small jalapeno, finely chopped remove seeds for less heat, 1 Roma tomato, finely diced about 12 cup, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro, plus whole leaves for serving, Serving suggestions: baked blue or yellow corn tortilla chips and sliced bell peppers], title: LightenedUp Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 18891: {instructions: For the crisps: Fill a medium saucepan with 12 inch of vegetable oil. Heat over medium heat until the oil reaches 350 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Slice the potatoes 18inch thick, using a Japanese mandoline. Working in batches so as not to crowd the pan, fry the potatoes until crispy and golden brown, about 4 minutes per batch. With a spider or slotted spoon, remove the potatoes to a papertowellined tray and drain well. Season with a few grinds of black pepper.nFor the goat cheese: Using a rubber spatula, mix the goat cheese, mascarpone and orange zest together until well combined and smooth. Set aside at room temperature.nFor the olive spread: Add the olives, capers and rosemary to a food processor. Pulse until finely chopped. Add the olive oil and pulse to puree the finished spread should still have a little texture but be cohesive.nTo assemble: Place a dollop of the goat cheese mixture on each potato crisp and top with a spoonful of the olive spread., ingredients: [1 to 2 cups vegetable oil, 3 medium Yukon Gold potatoes, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh goat cheese, room temperature, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, room temperature, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest 12 orange, 12 cup pitted Castelvetrano olives, 12 cup pitted Kalamata olives, 1 tablespoon capers, drained and rinsed, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Potato Crisps with Goat Cheese and Olives, picturelink: QqNr3rZyrcv0HbcWbNwmUra.uQvgH2a}, 18892: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together the ancho powder and salt in a shallow plate. Moisten the rim of the glass and coat it in the ancho mixture.nMuddle the cilantro in a cocktail shaker, then add the tequila, lime, agave nectar, pineapple juice, mango, and ice. Shake to combine and pour into the prepared glass filled with ice., ingredients: [12 teaspoon ancho chili powder, for rimming glass, 1 teaspoon salt, for rimming glass, 4 sprigs cilantro, 1 12 ounces 100 percent tequila blanco, 34ounce fresh lime juice, 12ounce agave nectar, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 14 cup mango, diced, Ice cubes], title: Chilln Like a Villain Margarita, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 18893: {instructions: For the remoulade: In medium mixing bowl, whisk together the ketchup, mayo, vinegar, capers and horseradish. Then add the celery, onions and anchovies to the above mixture. Then add the dry mustard, paprika, saltpepper blend and cayenne. Mix well and store up to 7 days. Best to prepare 1 day in advance and do not puree or pulse the vegetables, they should be hand cut. Yield: 1 12 cups.nFor the catfish: Preheat the oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F. Then toast the buns in a skillet with warmed butter over medium heat until light brown, 1 to 2 minutes.nIn batches, lightly coat the fish fillets with the flourspice mixture, tap off excess any flour and then dip the fillets into the egg wash. Finally finish the fillets in the cornmeal. Then drop the breaded fillets in the oil and fry until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove the fish from the oil and allow any excess oil to drip off.nTo build the sandwiches, toss the lettuce with the remoulade, and then place on the bottom bun. Add the tomatoes, onions, fish and the top bun. Serve., ingredients: [23 cup ketchup, 13 cup mayo or mild aioli, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon capers, drained and minced, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons finely minced celery, 2 tablespoons finely minced red onion, 4 anchovies, rinsed and minced, 1 teaspoon dry English mustard, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon kosher salt pepper blend, 18 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 1 quart vegetable oil, Four 6inch brioche or kaiser buns, Butter, for toasting, Four 5ounce catfish fillets, 1 cup allpurpose flour seasoned with 1 teaspoon Cajun spice, 2 cups egg wash equal parts milk and egg, 1 cup coarse cornmeal, 1 cup shredded romaine, 8 slices tomatoes, 1 cup thinly sliced red onion], title: Catfish Sandwich with Remoulade, picturelink: yleLfTsSdE3meDN4XLeA2GbMhZTBrYq}, 18894: {instructions: Trim carrots. Place carrots in large saute pan. Cover with cold water. Add butter and sugar. Cover pan with lid and bring to a boil. Remove cover and simmer until water evaporates and sugar starts to caramelize and carrots are fork tender., ingredients: [1 pound baby carrots, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Glazed Baby Carrots, picturelink: null}, 18895: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Toast the cashews on a baking sheet in the preheated oven for 20 minutes, until uniformly golden brown. Cool the nuts to room temperature. Toast the coconut on a baking sheet in the preheated oven for 10 minutes, until lightly golden around the edges. Cool the coconut to room temperature. Heat 1inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. Place the semisweet chocolate in the top half of the double boiler. Use a rubber spatula to stir the chocolate until completely melted and smooth, about 5 to 6 minutes. transfer the melted chocolate to a 4quart bowl. Add the cashews and coconut. Use a rubber spatula to stir until the cashews and coconut are completely coated with chocolate.nImmediately portion the mixture by heaping tablespoons approximately 1 12 ounces for each cluster, onto waxed paper. Allow the clusters to harden at room temperature for 1 hour, then refrigerate for 30 minutes, until firm enough to handle. Store the clusters in a tightly sealed plastic container in the refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 cups unsalted cashews, 1 pound semisweet chocolate, chopped into 14inch pieces, 8 ounces shredded dried coconut], title: Chocolate Cashew Coconut Clusters, picturelink: null}, 18896: {instructions: Butternut Squash:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut sides of squash to make a rectangular shape. Slice squash into 6 2 by 4inch rectangles. Toss the squash in 1 tablespoon of olive oil, salt, pepper, to taste, ground clove, and brown sugar. Bake in oven until tender, approximately 15 to 25 minutes.nApple: Slice the apples into 6 2 by 4inch rectangles. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add apples, salt and pepper. Saute until tender, being careful not to overcook.nShallot Compote: Peel 7 large shallots and toss in 1 tablespoon of oil, salt and pepper, to taste. Place in a roasting pan and cover with aluminum foil. Roast for approximately 30 to 45 minutes at 350 degrees F, or until tender. Remove aluminum foil and continue cooking for 10 minutes. In a food processor or blender, add shallots with chopped fresh thyme and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nTo Assemble: Place each squash rectangle on top of a piece of puff pastry. Do the same with the apples. Place an equal amount of blue cheese on top of the squash. Place the puff pastry in the oven until the squash and apple are warm, and the blue cheese melted. Place the shallot compote on top of the blue cheese and garnish the plate with the sauce.nReduce ingredients in pot until syrupy. Finish with fresh cracked black pepper., ingredients: [1 butternut squash, peeled, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Salt and pepper, 14 teaspoon ground clove, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 3 apples, peeled, 7 large shallots, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 puff pastry, cut into 6 equal rectangles, 4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, 2 recipe Syrah Reduction, recipe follow, 1 bottle syrah, 4 sprigs thyme, 1 shallot, slices, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon white pepper, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Roasted Squash and Apple Tart, picturelink: y3vomnQErOEST3HuwDmjTTgeQxSdoI6}, 18897: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine all ingredients. Shape into a loaf and place in a 13x9 baking dish. Brush an additional 2 Tbsp. of Worcestershire Sauce on top and sides if desired.nBake uncovered for about 1 hour, or until cooked through. Allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving.nTIP: If desired, add 13 cup of finely chopped sweet bell peppers.nTIP: Save the leftovers for lunch. Heat the meatloaf slices in a large skillet over medium heat for 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Serve on toasted rolls with additional Heinz 57u00ae., ingredients: [14 cup Heinz 57u00ae, 13 cup Lea  Perrinsu00ae Worcestershire Sauce, 2 lbs. Lean ground beef, 13 cup Finely chopped onion, 1 cup Plain dry breadcrumbs, 2 Eggs, lightly beaten], title: Heinz 57 Meatloaf, picturelink: KyvCYIty3ZQ38km99F7yDUVYSMP3qLq}, 18898: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nIn a resealable plastic bag or shallow dish, combine oats, garlic powder, onion powder, mustard powder, paprika, oregano, thyme, salt, and pepper. Mix well and set aside.nBrush each chicken breast with Dijon mustard. Add chicken to oat mixture with tongs and turn to coat both sides. Transfer chicken to prepared baking sheet and spray with cooking spray.nBake 30 minutes, until golden brown and cooked through. Serve with peas., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 23 cup instant oats, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 4ounce boneless skinless chicken breast halves, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 cups frozen green peas, steamed or microwaved until hot], title: OvenBaked Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 18899: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the cumin, coriander, and fennel seeds with a mortar and pestle, or slightly crush the whole seeds in a spice grinder, pulsing just until coriander is just broken do not over process. The spices can also be crushed using a heavy cast iron skillet. Transfer the seeds to a small bowl, and toss with the salt and pepper.nDip side of the salmon into the spice mixture to coat heavily. Repeat with all of the salmon cubes.nHeat a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Do not add any oil. Place the salmon cubes, spice side down, into the pan. Cook until the spices are dry, golden, and toasted, about 4 minutes. Immediately transfer the pan to the oven remove when salmon is just cooked through, about 30 seconds. Transfer the salmon bites to a serving platter, and skewer with toothpicks. Serve warm Citrus Dipping Sauce.nCitrus Dipping Sauce:n2 tablespoons fresh lime juicen1 tablespoon fresh lemon juicen14 cup fresh orange juicen1 lime, 1 lemon, and 1 orange, zestedn12 cup kaffir or sheepsmilk yogurtn12 cup plain yogurtnCoarse saltnIn a small saucepan over high heat, combine the lime, lemon, and orange juices with 12 teaspoon of the orange zest. Boil to reduce until thick and syrupy, making about 1 tablespoon. Remove from heat, and let cool.nIn a medium bowl, combine the citrus syrup and the yogurts. Mix with a spoon until well combined. Season with salt, to taste. Keep refrigerated until ready to use. Sprinkle the remaining zest over the top before serving.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons whole cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon whole coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons whole fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 34 pounds salmon fillet, skin removed, cut into 34inch cubes, Citrus Dipping Sauce, recipe follows], title: Moroccan Salmon Skewers, picturelink: null}}