{18900: {instructions: Combine the blanched asparagus, fava beans and peas. Place half of the vegetables in a blender with the blanched basil. Puree adding the olive oil.nIn a large saucepan, sweat shallots until translucent. Add chopped herbs and blanched vegetables. Add puree of vegetables. Add vegetable stock until desired consistency is reached. Season, to taste., ingredients: [12 pound asparagus, cut into 12inch pieces and blanched, 12 pound fava beans, blanched and cleaned, 14 pound peas, blanched, 1 bunch basil, cleaned and blanched, 1 cup olive oil, 1 shallot, finely diced, 14 cup chopped herbs, thyme and oregano leaves, 2 cups vegetable stock], title: Pistou of Seasonal Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 18901: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add all but a few tablespoons of the chopped red onion. Stir in the garlic, chili powder and cumin and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion begins to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the poblano, mushrooms and corn and cook, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 3 more minutes. Add the beans, tomatoes, 1 12 cups water and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then stir and reduce the heat to medium. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender and the chili is thick, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nDivide the chili among bowls. Top with the cheese, sour cream andor cilantro sprinkle with the reserved red onion. Serve with the tortillas.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium red onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 poblano chile pepper, seeded and diced, 2 portobello mushrooms, stemmed and chopped, 2 cups frozen corn preferably fireroasted, thawed, 2 14ounce cans nosaltadded pinto beans, 1 14ounce can nosaltadded diced tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Shredded cheddar cheese, sour cream andor torn fresh cilantro, for topping optional, 8 corn tortillas, warmed], title: Summer Vegetable Chili, picturelink: G.DMX0.R1kL6LX5WYdUfo865O6RhX5O}, 18902: {instructions: Stew the salsify in the cream until tender and the cream has reduced. Add the cheese, herbs and seasonings. Cook for 3 minutes, then remove from the heat and spread out on a pan to cool.nSaute the carrots and the zucchini slices separately until just tender, adding a little broth or water to moisten the saute. Season lightly to taste. Remove from heat and spread out on a pan to cool.nOnce ingredients are cooled, combine them and keep refrigerated if making more than a couple hours.nFor the Port Wine Sauce: Combine all the ingredients and reduce to a light syrup consistency, then strain through a chino.nFor the Vinaigrette: Combine all ingredients and reduce to a light syrup consistency. Sea Bass: 4 pieces chilean sea bass Pancetta slices, for wrapping the bass 2 ounces olive oil 1 cup haricots verts, blanched 12 cup mushrooms, sliced 1 tablespoon shallots, diced 12 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves 12 teaspoon black truffles, diced 2 cups salsifyzucchini compote 2 tablespoons heavy cream 3 ounces port wine vinaigrette 1 teaspoon black truffle oil Chervil sprig for garnishnPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Reheat the port wine vinaigrette and set aside.nWrap the bass with pancetta. Heat a saute pan over medium high heat and saute the sea bass portions in about 2 ounces of olive oil until golden brown on both sides. Drain the excess oil and finish cooking in the oven until cooked nearly through, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, saute the green beans and mushrooms with the shallots, thyme and black truffles moistening the saute with a small amount of broth to finish. Reheat the SalsifyZucchini Compote while doing the beans.nPlace equal amounts of the compote on four plates, then place equal amounts of green bean and mushroom saute next to the compote. Place a piece of the sea bass directly on top of the vegetables, and spoon a small amount of the sauce around the plate. Add droplets of black truffle oil to the sauce around the plate. Garnish with chervil sprig. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup salsify, peeled and bias cut 14inch thick, 12 cup cream, 2 teaspoons Parmesan, grated, 2 teaspoons blue cheese, 1 12 teaspoons chives, chopped, 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon parsley, chopped, Salt and cracked black pepper, 14 teaspoon truffle oil, 12 cup zucchini slices, bias cut, 12 cup carrot slices, bias cut, 8 ounces port wine, 4 ounces veal demiglace, 2 thyme sprigs, 5 peppercorns, 2 tablespoons shallots, chopped, 4 ounces port wine sauce, 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar, 2 thyme sprigs, 5 peppercorns], title: Roasted Chilean Sea Bass with a Compote of Salsify, Zucchini and Breen Beans in a Port WineBlack Truffle Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 18903: {instructions: For the remoulade: Chop all the ingredients together and add them to the mayonnaise in the food processor pulse a few times for them to blend. Refrigerate for 30 minutes before serving.nFirst make the mayonnaise: In a nonreactive bowl or in a food processor, combine the egg yolks, mustard, lemon juice, and water. Whisk or pulse with the machine to break up the yolks.nIf youre making the mayonnaise by hand, put the bowl on a damp towel to keep it from moving around while you work. Then drizzle in the oils, whisking constantly, to form an emulsion. If the mayonnaise breaks, stop drizzling and whisk until it comes together again. If youre using the food processor, pour in the oils in a thin stream, with the machine running. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper and more lemon juice., ingredients: [2 cups mayonnaise, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons cornichons or sour gherkins, minced, 3 tablespoons capers, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 1 12 anchovies, minced, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon water, 1 12 cups canola oil, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 18904: {instructions: Black Pasta DoughnSaucenCombine the flour and salt in a standing mixer with a dough hook attachment. Add the eggs, egg yolks and olive oil and work the dough until it comes together. Then turn it out onto a floured board and knead it a couple times.nTo make the black pasta dough follow the same procedure only mix the squid ink into the eggs with an immersion blender before adding it to the flour.nRoll out the dough through the pasta rolling machine in stages being sure not to over work it and make the dough excessively tough.nTo make the striped pasta, run layers of the egg and squid pasta through the pasta machine being sure not to have too much flour and not folding the pasta on top of each other so the pasta colors dont bleed.nAdd pasta to a large pot of boiling water and cook until tender, being careful not to overcook, about 2 to 3 minutes.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. Once heated, add the garlic and the crushed red pepper and saute until fragrant. Add the clams and clam juice and reduce. Add the squid and saute until cooked through and tender. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the cooked pasta and toss together.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [3 to 3 12 cups 00flour allpurpose flour will also work, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large eggs, 3 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 3 to 3 12 cups 00flour allpurpose flour will also work, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large eggs, 3 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon squid ink, 2 ounces olive oil, 1 clove garlic, sliced thin, Crushed red pepper flakes, 12 manilla clams, 2 ounces clam juice, 4 ounces fresh cleaned squid, cut into strips, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Striped Fettuccine with Seafood Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18905: {instructions: Combine the blueberries, granulated sugar and cinnamon in a small saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat until the berries start to break down and the liquid becomes syrupy, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature, 25 to 30 minutes.nWhisk together the mascarpone, powdered sugar and lemon zest and juice in a medium bowl.nSpoon or pipe dollops of the mascarpone mixture into the phyllo shells, leaving room for the blueberry compote, then top with the blueberry compote. Freshly grate lemon zest on top to garnish and dust with powdered sugar just before serving., ingredients: [1 cup fresh blueberries, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, plus more zest, for garnish, One 1.9ounce package mini phyllo filo shells], title: Blueberry Cheesecake Filo Cups, picturelink: ecCAiIk4Xrwmagy2oldXb8l3RSLDvXa}, 18906: {instructions: For the dough: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter and pulse until it resembles coarse sand with some peasize pieces of butter, about 20 pulses. Add the cream cheese and sour cream and pulse until it comes together in a rough dough, with some uneven pebblesize pieces. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and divide into four equal portions. Pat each portion into a flat square and wrap in plastic wrap. Freeze for 15 minutes.nFor the filling: Meanwhile, chop the hazelnuts in a clean food processor. Add the preserves, raisins and salt and puree to make a very smooth paste.nRoll a portion of dough into a 6 by 14inch rectangle about 14 inch thick. Dont worry about slightly rough edges these will be rolled inside of the rugelach. Spread onequarter of the filling over the surface with a small spatula. Starting with a long side, roll the dough up into a tight cylinder, ending with the seam on the bottom. Press the top slightly to flatten and wrap in plastic wrap. Freeze for another 15 minutes. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling. The cylinders can be frozen for up to a month.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and evenly position the racks. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nSlice the cylinders into 1 12inch pieces and place seamside down on the prepared sheets. Whisk the egg yolks together and brush over the tops. Sprinkle with sugar and bake until pale golden and crispy on top, about 25 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let cool slightly on the baking sheets. Carefully transfer the rugelach to a rack to cool. Store in a tightly sealed container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, cut in pieces and chilled, 8 ounces cream cheese, cut in pieces and chilled, 2 tablespoons sour cream or Greek yogurt, Filling:, 34 cup hazelnuts, toasted, 1 cup apricot preserves, 23 cup golden raisins, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 egg yolks, 14 cup sugar], title: Golden Rugelach, picturelink: gW7hyppUnfHOFnEskUtLDSm0UFOC0jS}, 18907: {instructions: Place chicken in a medium bowl, top with yogurt, and stir to coat completely. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nSkewer the chicken onto skewers, packing the pieces together tightly.nSpray a grill or a grill pan lightly with nonstick spray, and bring it to mediumhigh heat.nGrill for 10 to 12 minutes, covered, carefully flipping about halfway through cook time.nOnce cool enough to handle, pull the chicken off the sticks and eat, ingredients: [14 cup plain fatfree yogurt, 12 ounces raw boneless skinless lean chicken breasts, cut into 1 12inch cubes], title: HG Hot Couple: YogurtMarinated Grilled Chicken, picturelink: 5rjIWZ64F8qLkE4h9aknH4s7NUSajr2}, 18908: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 twigs or wooden dowelsnHeat oven to 400 degrees F. Place almonds on an ungreased baking sheet, and toast in oven until golden, about 10 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack, and let cool. Coarsely chop almonds, and set aside. Carefully wash and dry twigs, if using them. Insert a 5inch twig or wooden dowel into the top of each pear. Set the pears on an 11 by 17inch baking sheet lined with a silpat a French nonstick baking mat. Set aside. Fill a medium bowl with ice and water, and set aside. Place sugar, corn syrup, cream, and butter in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Continue cooking until the temperature registers 245 degrees on a candy thermometer, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat, and immediately plunge the saucepan into ice water to stop the cooking. Dip 1 pear into the caramel, to coat, using a spoon if necessary. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining pears. In a double boiler over low heat, melt chocolate and shortening. Remove from heat. Dip caramelcoated pears into chocolate, and immediately roll in chopped almonds. Return coated pear to the silpatlined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining pears. Chill until the chocolate is set, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 cups blanched almonds, 10 Seckel, or other small variety pears, washed and stemmed, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup dark corn syrup, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 7 ounces bestquality bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon shortening], title: Double Dipped Pears, picturelink: null}, 18909: {instructions: Special equipment: 4inch round biscuit cutter, or tuna or other can, top and bottom removednPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or foil.nBreak the meatloaf mixture into a large bowl and use your hands to lightly work in the onion, bread crumbs, egg, parsley, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, salt, Italian seasoning, garlic powder, and pepper until evenly mixed. Take care not to overwork the mixture.nSpace the pancetta slices, if using, a few inches apart on the prepared pan and put the cutter on top of 1 piece. Divide the meatloaf mixture into 4 equal portions. Press a piece of cheese into the center and then press the meat around it to enclose it completely. Put a portion in the cutter and press gently so that it covers the pancetta evenly, and makes a neat, flat disk. Repeat with the remaining meatloaf mix to make 4 little loaves. Remove the cutter.nWhisk the glaze ingredients in a small bowl, and then spread about 1 tablespoon of the mixture over the top and sides of each meatloaf. Bake for 10 minutes, then reduce the heat to 325 degrees F. and bake until cooked through, about 15 minutes more. To serve, ladle some hot marinara sauce into the centers of 4 plates, and set the meatloaves on top., ingredients: [1 12 pounds meatloaf mix ground beef, pork, and veal, 1 medium onion, grated, 12 cup panko Japanese bread crumbs or regular dried bread crumbs, 1 large egg, beaten, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 thin slices pancetta about 1 ounce, optional, 4 small squares smoked mozzarella about 2 ounces total, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups marinara sauce, jarred or homemade, hot], title: Little MozzarellaStuffed Meatloaves, picturelink: null}, 18910: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nTo make the crust: In a small bowl, mix the cracker crumbs with the melted butter and the sugar together until evenly moistened. Press the crumb mixture onto the bottom of a 9inch springform pan. Bake the crust until golden brown, about 10 to 12 minutes. Cool the pan on a rack.nLower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or with a handheld mixer, cream the cream cheese on medium speed until smooth. Gradually add the sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Stop mixing and scrape down the sides of the bowl and beaters as needed. Beat in the sour cream. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in the vanilla and cream. Pour the batter into the prepared pan.nBake until the top of the cheesecake is lightly browned, but the center still jiggles slightly, about 45 minutes. Cool the cake in the pan on a rack. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight before serving.nTo remove the cake from the pan, run a knife or offset spatula around the edges to release the edges from the pan. Open the springform pan and remove the ring.nCut the cheesecake into wedges and serve with berries or a raspberry sauce if desired., ingredients: [1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon sugar, 16 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 1 cup sour cream, 5 large eggs, room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 cup heavy cream, Serving suggestion: Fresh or Marinated Berries, or Raspberry Sauce], title: Cheesecake, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 18911: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the almond bark in a double boiler I use a glass bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Stir until smooth, then allow to cool slightly.nArrange the whole graham crackers together on a rimmed baking sheet so that theyre butted up against one another. Pour the melted almond bark over the top and use an offset spatula to spread it evenly over the surface.nSprinkle on the pretzels, cookies, gummy bears, gummy worms, sour gummy worms, peanuts, chocolate candies and rainbow sprinkles. Lightly press the ingredients with the palm of your hand to make sure theyre all anchored on. Refrigerate until set completely., ingredients: [One 20ounce package white almond bark, 16 whole chocolate graham crackers, 1 cup pretzel sticks, 1 cup broken chocolate sandwich cookies, such as Oreos, 1 cup gummy bears, 1 cup gummy worms, 1 cup sour gummy worms, 1 cup roasted salted peanuts, 1 cup chocolate candies, such as M and Ms, 2 tablespoons rainbow sprinkles], title: Crazy Bark, picturelink: rEFj5cPs55zAhRmm6u7B6lRI8MGpMeG}, 18912: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl add jalapenos, cilantro, tequila, garlic, red chili flakes, cumin, oregano, lime juice, and 1 teaspoon salt. Add the chicken breasts and red bell peppers to resealable gallon bag and pour in marinade. Let marinate in refrigerator for 4 to 8 hours.nHeat grill to high. Remove chicken from marinade, and add chicken to the grill.nIn a small mixing bowl add flour, remaining 1 teaspoon salt and the granulated garlic.nHeat the canola oil to 350 degrees F.nRemove bell peppers from marinade and dredge in flour and fry until crispy. When done drain on paper towels.nCook chicken thoroughly on both sides, remove from heat and cover. Let sit for 5 minutes Remove chicken from the bone and thinly slice or shred.nLightly toast rolls. Spread mayonnaise evenly among the rolls and then stack evenly with the cabbage, onion, chicken breast, fried peppers, and top with cheese., ingredients: [2 jalapenos, thinly sliced rounds, 3 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, 4 tablespoons tequila recommended: Cabo Wabo Reposado, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 limes, juiced, 2 teaspoons salt, divided, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, 2 red bell peppers, roasted, skinned, seeded, julienne, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 2 cups canola oil, 4 Kaiser rolls, 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, 14 green cabbage, thinly sliced, 14 red onion, thinly sliced, 4 ounces provolone cheese, sliced], title: Red Rocker Margarita Chicken, picturelink: enFbFfM0qlizK8pfTcKRqvXIPwv27W}, 18913: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.n2. Slice baguette into 14inch thick slices about 16 slices. Arrange bread slices on baking sheet brush tops with oil. Bake 5 to 7 minutes until golden brown. Remove from oven to cooling rack.n3. In medium bowl combine walnuts, cheese, cranberries and onion.n4. Spoon 2 tablespoons walnut mixture over toasted bread slices return to oven. Bake additional 3 to 5 minutes until cheese begins to melt.n5. Remove from oven transfer to serving platter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 small French baguette 1214 oz., 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Walnut Halves, chopped, 1 cup 4 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola cheese, 12 cup Fisheru00ae Dried Sweetened Cranberries, 1 tablespoon green onion with top, thinly sliced], title: Walnut Cranberry Crostini, picturelink: null}, 18914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat an 8by8inch baking pan with cooking spray.nCombine the graham crackers, coconut, walnuts, condensed milk, chocolate chips and salt in a medium bowl. Stir with a wooden spoon until thoroughly combined. Transfer the mixture to the prepared pan and press to the edges.nBake until the chocolate melts and the top is golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Stir the hot mixture in the pan until the chocolate is incorporated throughout. Press back out to the edges and set aside until cool enough to handle.nSpread the confectioners sugar on a dinner plate. Scoop out the brownie mixture by the tablespoon and shape into balls. While still warm, roll each ball in the sugar to coat. The bonbons will keep, tightly covered, for 2 days., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for coating the baking pan, 1 23 cups graham cracker crumbs, 23 cup shredded coconut, 23 cup chopped walnuts, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, Big pinch kosher salt, Confectioners sugar, for rolling], title: Lynns Sick Brownies Bites, picturelink: mv2C08lNCm.Oc6DbK2dhhmOmeItpLm}, 18915: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut off the lid of the pumpkin and set it aside. Pull out the seeds and strings from inside the pumpkin. Brush the inside flesh with melted butter, season with salt and pepper. Place pumpkin on a roasting rack set inside a pan bake for 15 minutes.nIn a large skillet, heat oil over moderate heat. Add onion, celery, garlic, apples, celery seed, and fennel seed. Sprinkle in orange zest and 2 tablespoons each parsley and sage. Cook, stirring often, until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the ground sausage, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, and brown until no longer pink, about 10 minutes. Deglaze the pan with wine, cook down 2 minutes to evaporate the alcohol. Stir in the cream, check seasoning.nScrape the sausage mixture into a large bowl and fold in the cornbread. Gradually blend in the eggs and chicken broth, until the stuffing is evenly moistened. Add remaining parsley and sage. Fill the pumpkin with stuffing, return to the oven, and bake 20 minutes until the eggs are cooked and the stuffing has a little lift. Serve stuffing in the pumpkin bowl topped with lid., ingredients: [1 4 to 5 pound pumpkin, 14 cup melted butter, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cubed, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 2 oranges, zested, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, divided, 14 cup chopped fresh sage, divided, 2 pounds ground turkey sausage, 1 cup Sauvignon Blanc wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 16ounce package cornbread stuffing, 3 cups chicken broth, 2 eggs, beaten], title: Overstuffed Pumpkin with Cornbread, Apples and Turkey Sausage with Sauvignon Blanc, picturelink: null}, 18916: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Make the filling: Combine the cherry preserves and lemon juice in a bowl, stirring to break up any clumps.nMake the crust: Butter a 10inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Cream the butter and sugar in a bowl with a mixer on medium speed. Add the whole egg, then the vanilla. Whisk the allpurpose flour, almond flour, lemon zest, cinnamon and cloves in a bowl. With the mixer on medium speed, gradually add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture. Reduce the mixer speed to low and mix in up to 1 tablespoon water until the dough just comes together. Wrap twothirds of the dough in plastic wrap, then wrap the remaining onethird in plastic wrap. Refrigerate both for 30 minutes.nPut the larger piece of dough between 2 sheets of parchment paper and roll it out into an 11inch round. Remove the top sheet of parchment paper and invert the dough into the prepared tart pan peel off the other sheet of parchment paper and trim the excess dough. Spread the jam evenly on the crust. Roll out the remaining dough to about 14 inch thick and cut it into 12 to 1inchwide strips 10 to 14 strips. Arrange the strips in a lattice pattern on top of the filling. Beat the egg yolk with 1 tablespoon water and brush on the lattice and edge of the crust. Bake until the crust is golden and the filling is bubbly, about 30 minutes. Let cool completely.nPhotography by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 14 cups highquality cherry preserves, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 stick salted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pan, 23 cup sugar, 1 large egg, plus 1 egg yolk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup almond flour, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of ground cloves], title: Grandma Monettes Cherry Jam Tart, picturelink: 3J6Pl9WNzIVu9tc3.L75rFi8vY1WxJu}, 18917: {instructions: 1. Poach chicken and 1 cup Jose Cuervo Golden Margarita.n2. Mix in a skillet.n3. Remove from heat.n4. When cool, dice chicken into small pieces.n5.Combine all ingredients in a small bowl.n6.Refrigerate for an hour.n7. Mix and spoon into washed lettuce leaves.nJose Cuervo Golden Margarita. 12.7 ALCVOL. u00a92010Produced by Heublein, Norwalk, CT under license from the trademark owner. Jose Cuervo is a registered trademark of Tequila Cuervo la Rojena. Grand Marinieru00a9 is a registered trademark of Societe des Produits MarnierLapostolle, Paris and is used under license from trademark owner., ingredients: [1 Small Yellow Pepper, Finely chopped, 1 lb. Boneless, Skinless Chicken Breast, 1 Tbsp. Poultry Seasoning Blend, 3 Scallions, Thinly Sliced, 1 Tbsp. Olive Oil, 14 cup Mayonnaise, 1 Head Boston Bib Lettuce, 1 Cup Jose Cuervo Golden Margaritau2122], title: Cuervoand174 Margarita Chicken Salad In lettuce cups, picturelink: null}, 18918: {instructions: Special equipment: 5inch wooden skewers, for platingnFor the blackening spice: In a small mixing bowl, combine the pepper, cumin, granulated onion, cayenne, granulated garlic, Italian seasoning, paprika, chili powder and salt. Mix to blend. Store in an airtight container if not using immediately.nFor the garlic butter: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the butter and garlic, and cook until the butter has melted and garlic has become fragrant, 5 to 6 minutes. Mix in the parsley. Reserve to the side in a small bowl.nFor the donkey sauce: In a small mixing bowl, combine the mayonnaise, roasted garlic, mustard, salt, Worcestershire and pepper. Mix well. Cover and reserve.nFor the black and blue burger: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nDivide the ground beef into eight portions roll each into a loose ball, then flatten into a 4inch patty. On four of the patties, place 2 ounces of the blue cheese. Cover with a second patty and gently seal the edges to form a stuffed patty about 1 12inches thick.nSeason the stuffed patties on both sides with the blackening spice. Grill, spaced 3 inches apart to prevent flare ups, until a crust has developed on the first side, about 3 minutes. Flip, and cook to develop a crust on the reverse side, 2 minutes. Top each burger with 2 slices of bacon and 1 ounce of the remaining blue cheese. Cover with a piece of foil and cook another 30 seconds to melt the cheese. Remove the burgers to a serving tray to rest.nLightly brush the cut sides of the brioche buns with garlic butter, and toast on the grill until crisp and golden, 5 to 10 seconds.nTo assemble: Smear the buns with some donkey sauce. Layer the bottom buns with pickles, onions and a burger. Top with tomatoes and lettuce. Cover with the bun tops and secure with wooden skewers. Serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons granulated onion, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup roasted garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 4 pinches fresh ground black pepper, 2 pounds ground beef premium chuck 8020 blend, 12 ounces blue cheese, such as Point Reyes, 8 slices applewood smoked bacon, cooked crispy, 4 soft brioche buns, cut in half, 1 kosher dill pickle, finely sliced, 12 Vidalia onion, very finely sliced, 1 heirloom tomato, finely sliced, 14 head iceberg lettuce, finely sliced, 14 cup canola oil], title: Black and Blue Burger, picturelink: aLlOOHPNoedUNuQF7lmAX3QBS1t6uuG}, 18919: {instructions: Prepare the grill to make a hot fire.nTo prepare the Mango Shrimp Salsa, heat the 2 tablespoons of oil in a medium skillet, over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic. Saute 2 to 3 minutes, then add the shrimp. Saute 2 to 3 minutes more, or until the shrimp turns pink.nAdd the fruit juices, chilies, tomatoes, and tomatillos. Cook just long enough to warm the tomatoes and combine the ingredients. Remove from heat and gently stir in the mango and cilantro. Season with the salt and pepper. Set aside.nCoat the fish with the 2 teaspoons of oil on both sides. Season with salt and pepper.nRub the grill with additional oil to prevent the fish from sticking. Grill the fish on one side about 5 minutes or less. Using a metal spatula, carefully turn the fish and grill about 3 minutes or less, depending on the thickness of the fish.nSpoon the warm salsa over the grilled fish and garnish with sprigs of cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 shallots, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup diced raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, Juice from 12 lemon, Juice from 12 lime, Juice from 12 orange, 3 serrano chilies, seeded and diced, 3 Italian Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced, 3 tomatillos, husks removed, seeded, and diced, 1 small mango, peeled and diced, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, Sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 4 red snapper filets, about 6 to 8 ounces each, 2 to 3 teaspoons olive oil], title: Red Snapper with Mango Shrimp Salsa, picturelink: null}, 18920: {instructions: For the topping: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the oats, sugar, almonds, butter, cinnamon and salt and stir with a fork until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs set aside.nFor the filling: In a medium bowl, stir together the peaches, sugar, cornstarch, almond extract and nutmeg and transfer to an 8 or 9inch shallow baking dish. Crumble the topping over the peach mixture. Bake until the filling is hot and bubbly and the topping is golden brown, 40 to 50 minutes. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream if desired., ingredients: [12 cup rolled oats, 13 cup packed brown sugar, 14 cup sliced almonds, 3 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 cups sliced peaches about 4 to 6 peaches, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, optional], title: Peach Almond Crumble, picturelink: null}, 18921: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 18922: {}, 18923: {instructions: Shave off the yellow parts of the lemon rinds using a potato peeler, and then put them into a large glass bottle with the alcohol. Cover the bottle with plastic wrap to prevent evaporation and let rest 12 days at room temperature. Bring 1 12 liters water to a boil, and then remove from the heat and stir in the sugar until completely dissolved. Let cool. Strain out the alcohol, discarding the rinds, and stir into the sugared water. Pour into a sealed glass bottle and let sit an additional 10 days. After 10 days, the limoncello is ready. It is best served chilled as a digestive after a meal., ingredients: [7 ripe lemons, thoroughly washed and dried, 4 14 cups 95percent alcohol 1 liter, 1 pound sugar], title: Limoncello, picturelink: null}, 18924: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the gelatin and the sugar. In a small saucepan, bring water to a boil. Add boiling water to the bowl and whisk vigorously to dissolve the gelatin. To the gelatin mixture, add 1 cup of lychee syrup, and rum and whisk again. Cut the lychees in half and place 1 half in each cup. Pour the gelatin mixture into the cups. Refrigerate until set., ingredients: [2 boxes pineapple flavored gelatin, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup water, 1 can lychees in syrup, 14 cup light rum, 10 to 12 small plastic cups or shot glasses], title: Lychee Gelatin Shot, picturelink: xp4iWLiQ2wLLnI5MP7KKRZZ0wfS.4AC}, 18925: {instructions: Peel and quarter potatoes and in a large saucepan cover with salted cold water by 2 inches. Bring water to a boil and simmer potatoes until tender, about 15 minutes.nWhile potatoes are simmering, in a small saucepan heat butter with milk over moderately low heat until melted and keep warm.nDrain potatoes in a colander and force through a ricer or food mill into a bowl. With an electric mixer beat in milk mixture, yolks, and salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread about one third potatoes in a buttered 1quart gratin dish and transfer remaining potatoes to a pastry bag fitted with a 34inch plain tip. On potatoes in dish pipe potatoes close together into pointed mounds to form ghosts and garnish each mound with 2 seeds for ghosts eyes. Potatoes may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered loosely.nBake potatoes until heated through and tops of ghosts are golden, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [4 pounds large red potatoes, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 14 cups milk, 3 large egg yolks, Small dark seeds such as nigella black onion seeds, cumin seeds, or caraway seeds for ghosts eyes], title: Duchesse Potato Ghosts, picturelink: null}, 18926: {instructions: Combine 1 ounce each rye and cognac, 12 ounce each sweet vermouth and Benedictine and 2 dashes each Peychauds and angostura bitters in a shaker. Fill with ice and stir briefly let sit 5 minutes. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [], title: Vieux Carre, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 18927: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStand the watermelon half cut side down on a cutting board and slice away the rind, leaving a solid block of melon. Turn the block on its side and cut it into 8 squares, roughly 3 by 3 inches and 1inch thick.nPour the vinegar into a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Cook until reduced to a thick syrup consistency. Set aside.nHeat a nonstick grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Drizzle just enough olive oil over watermelon slices to thinly coat and place on hot grill pan. Grill each side about 2 minutes until grill marks appear transfer to a plate and season with salt.nTo assemble the salads, put about 14 cup of baby arugula on a serving plate, followed by a grilled slice of watermelon in the center, and top with a tablespoon of crumbled cheese and another 14 cup arugula. Add another watermelon slice and another tablespoon of cheese. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Finish each salad with a very light drizzle of olive oil and balsamic syrup. Dust with black pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 5pound seedless watermelon, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt specialty salt is great here, if on hand, 2 cups fresh baby arugula, washed and dried, 1 cup goat cheese, crumbled, preferably a French Chevre, Fresh finely cracked black pepper], title: Grilled Watermelon Salad, picturelink: wolIXA.Y8mDoHnUSASbLmlVeH4g7.e}, 18928: {instructions: Special equipment: coffee grinder, Dutch ovennIn a medium glass bowl, combine the spice mixture, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, the lemon zest, lemon juice, and harissa. Add the chicken thighs and stir to coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 3 hours. Warm the chicken broth and add the saffron strands, then allow to steep at least 1 hour or up to 3 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the chicken thighs from the marinade. In a Dutch oven over high heat, brown the chicken thighs on both sides in 2 tablespoons olive oil, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Set chicken aside on a plate. Reduce the heat to medium, add 1 tablespoon olive oil to the pan, and saute the onion until golden, about 5 minutes. Place the chicken thighs on top of the onions and add any accumulated juices from the plate. Arrange the zucchini and yellow squash and tomato quarters on top of the chicken and tuck in the prunes and olives. Season well with salt and pepper. Pour over the chicken broth and saffron. Cover and place on the bottom rack of the oven. Let cook undisturbed 1 12 to 2 hours, until the vegetables are tender and the chicken is falling off the bone. Remove from the oven and transfer the contents of the Dutch oven to a large serving dish.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a small saucepan over high heat until hot but not smoking. Add the almonds and fry until the skins begin to crackle, about 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the almonds and hot oil over the vegetables and chicken on the serving dish. Sprinkle with the chopped parsley and serve, spooning over the sauce in the dish and garnishing each plate with the lemon quarters.nCombine the spices in a coffee grinder and grind to a mediumfine powder. Add the kosher salt and pepper. Store in an airtight container, if not using immediately., ingredients: [7 tablespoons olive oil, 1 lemon, zest grated and juiced about 2 to 3 tablespoons juice plus 2 lemons, quartered, for garnish, 1 teaspoon harissa, 4 skinless chicken thighs, about 2 pounds, 12 cup chicken broth, Pinch saffron strands, 1 large onion, chopped, 3 medium zucchini, cut into 12inch half moons or chunks, 3 yellow squash, cut into 12inch half moons or chunks, 3 medium plum tomatoes, quartered, 12 cup dried pitted prunes about 10, 14 cup black olives, pitted, Coarse salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup almonds, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Serving Suggestion: flatbread, Spice Mixture, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper], title: Moroccan Chicken with Squash and Dried Plums, picturelink: j0O2Lxz0jK8DpLNtoFTLJY9FR4bu6K}, 18929: {instructions: Combine brown sugar, honey, vanilla and butter in a mediumsize saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Lower heat simmer 2 minutes or until sugar is dissolved. Cool.nMeanwhile, combine granola, coconut, raisins, 12 cup chocolate chips and almonds in a large bowl.nStir brown sugar mixture into granola mixture. Spread in a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking pan. Press remaining chocolate chips into top. Refrigerate 2 hours or until completely cooled. Cut into bars., ingredients: [12 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed lightbrown sugar, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 3 cups lowfat granola mix not cereal, 12 cup sweetened flake coconut, 12 cup golden raisins, 34 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup slivered almonds], title: Chewy Granola Bars, picturelink: XPriCbcpDH3Fe0QugWLBVcTX.J6uKi}, 18930: {instructions: Pat the meat dry, then season all over with the oregano, cumin and a generous amount of salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a 6quart pressure cooker over mediumhigh heat. Add the meat and sear on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, carrots, onion, tomato paste, crushed garlic, bay leaf and 1 14 cups water. Lock the lid in place, increase the heat to high and bring the cooker to high pressure. Lower the heat to maintain high pressure and cook 18 minutes. Remove from the heat and use the quickrelease valve to bring down the pressure according to the manufacturers instructions.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the bell peppers, season with salt and pepper and cook until soft, about 10 minutes.nCarefully remove the pressurecooker lid. Discard the bay leaf, then transfer the meat mixture to a bowl and shred the meat into thin ropelike pieces with a fork. Add the peppers, olives, parsley and minced garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with bread, if desired.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless beef chuck stew meat, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 14ounce can whole tomatoes, 2 carrots, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 large onion, halved and sliced, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 cloves garlic 2 crushed, 2 minced, 1 bay leaf, 1 green bell pepper, sliced, 1 red or yellow bell pepper, sliced, 12 cup halved pimientostuffed Spanish olives, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, Crusty bread, for serving optional], title: Ropa Vieja, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 18931: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray two 9inch round cake pans with baking spray.nPour 14 cup melted butter into each cake pan. Sprinkle each evenly with 34 cup brown sugar. Arrange the apple slices in a single layer over the brown sugar.nIn a large bowl, beat the remaining 1 cup softened butter and the granulated sugar with a mixer at medium speed until fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg. Gradually add the flour mixture to the butter mixture, alternating with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture and beating just until the dry ingredients are moistened after each addition.nPour the batter evenly into the prepared pans. Bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 35 to 45 minutes. Let cool in the pans for 20 minutes. Invert the cakes onto wire racks the apple side should be facing up and let cool completely.nSpread half of the Caramel Mousse evenly over the top of one cake layer. Sprinkle with candycoated pecans. Place the remaining cake layer on top and spread with the remaining Caramel Mousse. Drizzle with the caramel topping and sprinkle with more pecans before serving, if desired. Store the cake in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nIn a small bowl, sprinkle the gelatin over the cold water and let soften for 2 minutes. Add the boiling water, stirring to dissolve.nIn a large bowl, beat the heavy cream with a mixer on high speed until foamy. Gradually add the confectioners sugar, beating until stiff peaks form. Slowly add the gelatin mixture, beating until combined. The mixture will look like it is melting, but will firm up. Stir in the caramel topping. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before using., ingredients: [Nonstick baking spray with flour, 1 12 cups 3 sticks butter 12 cup melted and 1 cup softened, 1 12 cups packed brown sugar, 1 Fuji apple, cored and thinly sliced, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and thinly sliced, 2 14 cups granulated sugar, 5 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 14 cups buttermilk, Caramel Mousse, recipe follows, Candycoated pecans, for serving, Caramel ice cream topping, for serving, 1 package unflavored gelatin, 14 cup cold water, 13 cup boiling water, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup caramel ice cream topping], title: UpsideDown Apple Praline Cake, picturelink: null}, 18932: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the carrots, parsnips, beets and radishes together with the thyme, garlic, olive oil, nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Arrange in 1 layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast, stirring once, until tender and golden brown in places, about 25 minutes. Stir in the lemon zest and transfer to a bowl for serving., ingredients: [5 medium carrots, peeled and cut on the bias into 2inch lengths, 4 mediumlarge parsnips, peeled, halved lengthwise and cut on the bias into 2inch lengths, 3 medium golden beets, peeled and halved, or quartered if large, 1 bunch radishes, trimmed and halved, or left whole if small, 4 sprigs thyme, 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest], title: Roasted Winter Vegetables, picturelink: LnfwksyMREcwwJuqu1cHzHkOi8Fu.e}, 18933: {instructions: Spoon lasagna filling into a large skillet and add chili powder and cumin. Bring mixture to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine mango, jalapeno, red onion, cilantro, and lime juice. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Serve beef mixture with taco shells, lettuce, grated cheese, sour cream, and mango salsa on the side., ingredients: [2 cups leftover lasagna filling, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 cups diced fresh mango, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt and ground black pepper, 8 taco shells, 1 cup shredded Romaine lettuce, 1 cup grated Cheddar regular or reducedfat, 12 cup sour cream regular or reducedfat], title: Beef Tacos with MangoHot Pepper Salsa, picturelink: Fk1VsfGZC1i.QphrNr5Ny1snVwdvGa}, 18934: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of a food processor, add the chickpeas, tahini, oil, lemon juice, garlic, cumin, salt, and pepper. Process until smooth and creamy, adding some water to make it the consistency of dip. Taste and adjust the seasoning with more lemon, cumin, salt, and pepper. Scoop the hummus into a bowl. May be covered and refrigerated at this point for up to 3 days.nWhen ready to serve, garnish with cumin, paprika, and a drizzle of olive oil. Serve with Spiced n Baked Pita Chips or crudite.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCut the pitas into quarters and spread them onto the baking sheet.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, zatar, and sea salt, to taste. Drizzle this mixture over the pita pieces and toss them together with your hands to coat them evenly. Bake them until golden brown and crisp, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove them from the oven and let cool., ingredients: [2 cups canned chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 12 cup tahini sesame paste, 14 cup oil, from the top of the sesame paste or extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 clove raw garlic, or 3 cloves roasted garlic, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, plus more for garnish, 12 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Water, for thinning the hummus, Paprika, for garnish, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Spiced n Baked Pita Chips, to serve, recipe follows, 8 mini wholewheat pitas, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon zatar, available in Middle Eastern or specialty stores, Sea salt], title: Classic Hummus with Spiced n Baked Pita Chips, picturelink: CD18R4b0XI4KvyDfW8BfGDN4fDq7dsW}, 18935: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the biscuit dough: Using a pastry blender or two table knives, cut the shortening into the flour in a medium bowl until it resembles coarse meal. Use a fork to stir in the buttermilk to make a soft dough, or until the dough comes together and leaves the sides of the bowl. Continue stirring with the fork until all the flour is worked into the dough, and then turn the dough onto a lightly floured board and knead three or four times until smooth and manageable.nFor the meatloaf: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet with cooking spray.nCombine the beef, onion, salt and pepper in a large skillet and cook over a medium heat until the meat is browned, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the flour and 13 cup of the reserved tomato liquid. Remove 1 cup of this meat mixture and set aside. Add the tomatoes and the peas to the remaining mixture in the skillet. Set aside.nOn a wellfloured surface, roll the biscuit dough into a large rectangle about 12 inch thick. Spread the reserved cup of meat mixture thinly over the dough, and then roll the dough like a jelly roll, beginning from one long edge. Place the roll on the prepared baking sheet. Using kitchen shears or a very sharp knife, cut 1inch slices almost through to the bottom of the roll. To expose some of the filling, pull alternate slices to the left and right. Bake until browned, about 15 minutesnReheat the beef and vegetable mixture. Slice the baked loaf and spoon some of the hot vegetable and meat mixture over each slice., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 2 cups selfrising flour, plus extra for dusting, 34 cup wellshaken buttermilk, Cooking spray, for greasing, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 tablespoon dried minced onion, Pinch of salt and pepper, 13 cup selfrising flour, 2 cups canned diced tomatoes, drained and juices reserved, 1 34 cups frozen peas, thawed], title: Ribbon Meatloaf, picturelink: nvkKD3D3kLst4kdPoa292bQhMzliq}, 18936: {instructions: Whisk the flour, cardamom, and salt in a bowl.nPut the butter and confectioners sugar in a food processor, and process until smooth. Pulse in the egg, vanilla, and lemon zest until combined. Add the flour mixture and process to make a soft buttery dough. Divide the dough in half onto 2 12inch long sheets of plastic wrap. Using the plastic, shape into rough logs. Refrigerate the dough logs for 30 minutes until just firm enough to shape into uniform logs, 8inches long by 2inches in diameter. Refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nScatter either the sanding sugars or toasted nuts on a work surface and roll the logs until completely coated. Cut into 14inch thick cookies and space about 1 inch apart on parchmentlined baking sheets. Bake until golden around the edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool cookies on the pan on wire racks. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup unsalted butter 2 sticks, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 large egg, room temperature, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Colored sanding sugars or chopped toasted pecans], title: Swedish Christmas Cookies, picturelink: NhIThBlOsEp.KpGw0p7N4ZdxTG1RnFy}, 18937: {instructions: In a small skillet heat olive oil. When hot add the chicken breasts and saute for 5 minutes a side, approximately. While this is cooking, on a box grater grate the yellow squash or zucchini and cut the garlic into wafer thin slices. Turn the chicken over, add the garlic to the pan and cook for 5 minutes longer. Meanwhile, in a separate little saucepan heat some salsa with broth or tomato juice or water. When at a simmer, add some cumin to taste, olive oil or butter to smooth season with salt set aside. When chicken is done remove it to a plate with garlic add shredded yellow squash to pan and saute for a minute to reheat. Spoon squash around the plate and top chicken with salsa sauce.nGreen or red salsa broth, tomato juice, water, ., ingredients: [1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces of boneless, skinless chicken breast, 1 yellow squash or zucchini, Peeled garlic clove, Olive oil or butter, optional, Ground cumin, Salt and pepper], title: Chicken Breast with Squash Dinner and Salsa Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18938: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium heat and cook the pancetta until crisp.nIn a saucepan, combine the granulated sugar, 1 cup water, kumquats and cayenne and bring to a boil. Cook the kumquats until they burst.nIn a microwave, on half power, melt the butterscotch chips and kisses in a heatproof bowl. Stir in the crumbled graham crackers.nDrain the kumquats and mix with the graham cracker mixture, salt and garam masala. Stir in the pancetta. Form the mixture into flat cakes about 4 inches in diameter.nGarnish with powdered sugar., ingredients: [Powdered sugar, for garnish, One 1inchthick slice pancetta, finely chopped, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup kumquats, Pinch cayenne, 12 cup butterscotch chips, 12 cup Hersheys Kisses, 1 sleeve graham crackers, crushed, 3 teaspoons salt, 2 generous pinches garam masala], title: Delores No Bake Moon Rock Cookies, picturelink: M16WPvIHzYmhTNThZQq8BvG7tYYP19W}, 18939: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a glass measuring cup, add the warm water and the yeast. Stir and let sit for 10 minutes.nIn a food processor fitted with a dough blade, add the dry ingredients and the Parmesan and pulse together 3 times at 5 second intervals. Add in 1 egg and the warm water and yeast mixture. Mix until the dough comes together, pulse for 10 second intervals 3 times. Turn out onto a lightly floured work surface or cutting board. Knead 10 to 12 times, adding a little flour, if sticky. Cut the dough in half and set aside.nRoll out 1 piece of dough to a 12 by 17inch rectangle, about 14inch thick. Sprinkle 34 cup of the Cheddar in the middle short way. Fold 13 of the dough over, and sprinkle with 34 cup of the Cheddar. Fold the last third over and pinch the edges closed. Roll with a rolling pin to form an 11 by 15inch rectangle. Cut into 1 12inch lengthwise strips.nPinch the cut edges together and then roll into cigar shape. Form into a pretzel shape and put on a baking sheet lined with a silicone baking mat. Repeat with second ball of dough.nBeat the remaining egg and the milk in a small bowl. Mix well. Brush the formed pretzels with the egg mixture and then sprinkle evenly with the poppy seeds, sesame seeds, onion flakes and kosher salt.nBake until nicely browned, about 16 to 18 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups warm water, 110 degrees F, 2 packages active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus 12 cup for work surface, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 eggs, 3 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 2 tablespoons milk, 12 teaspoon poppy seeds, 12 teaspoon sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon dehydrated onion flakes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Guys Knot for Nuthin, Everything Pretzel, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 18940: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and arrange the oven rack 8 inches from the broiler.nHeat a large sauce pot over medium heat. Add the butter and let it melt, then add the orzo and stir. Toast the pasta until golden brown, 3 minutes, then add the rice and stir to combine. Add the saffron threads and stir in the stock. Bring the liquid to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cover the pot with a tightfitting lid. Cook the rice until tender, about 15 to 18 minutes.nMeanwhile, roll the pomegranate on the counter while applying pressure for a minute. Hold the pomegranate over a small pot and cut into it with a small sharp knife the juice will come rushing out. Squeeze the pomegranate until 34 to 1 cup of juice is produced. Stir in the wine, Worcestershire, peppercorns, cloves, and bay leaf. Bring to a boil, lower the heat to a simmer and reduce the liquid by half, about 6 minutes. Pour a little sauce into a small bowl, stir in the cornstarch, and then pour the mixture into the sauce. Cook until thickened, about 1 minute. Remove and discard the peppercorns, whole cloves and the bay leaf.nArrange the chops on a broiler pan and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Broil for 3 to 4 minutes, or only 1 minute on each side for pink centers.nWhen the chops go into the broiler, heat the extravirgin olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and stir for 2 minutes, then add the spinach and let it wilt. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, to taste.nArrange 3 chops on each serving plate. Drizzle with pomegranate sauce, and serve the saffron pilaf and wilted spinach alongside., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup orzo pasta, 1 cup white rice, 2 pinches saffron threads, 1 34 cups chicken stock, 1 to 2 large pomegranates or 1 cup storebought pomegranate juice, 12 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 6 peppercorns, 3 whole cloves, 1 fresh bay leaf, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 rib lamb chops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large garlic cloves, chopped, 1 pound farm spinach available in bundles rather than bags in produce section, washed and dried, Freshly grated nutmeg], title: Lamb Chops with Pomegranate Sauce and Saffron Pilaf, picturelink: 5c4ZwM7JcqukKxa1J.gRT6MQ6PyIu}, 18941: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Rub the turkey with 2 teaspoons vegetable oil sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet and roast until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 160 degrees F, 45 to 55 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest 15 minutes before chopping the internal temperature will rise to 165 degrees F.nMeanwhile, place the bacon on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain.nReduce the oven temperature to 250 degrees F. Coat the tomatoes with the remaining 2 teaspoons vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the tomatoes cutside up on a separate parchmentlined baking sheet and bake until they start to dehydrate and wrinkle, about 45 minutes.nWhile the tomatoes are cooking, start the Mornay sauce: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Heat the milk in a small saucepan over medium heat. When the butter is melted, add the flour and stir continuously so the roux doesnt scorch, about 2 minutes. When the milk starts to simmer, slowly add it to the roux, stirring continuously so lumps dont form. Increase the heat and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the cheddar and roasted peppers and stir until smooth. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the broiler. Distribute the bread cubes evenly among four 6inch castiron gratin pans or use disposable pie plates or other small pans. Cut the turkey into 12inch pieces discard the skin and bones. Divide the turkey evenly among the pans. Spoon the Mornay sauce over the turkey, then top with the tomatoes. Sprinkle with the parmesan and bacon and broil until golden and bubbling, about 5 minutes. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 skinon, bonein turkey breast half about 2 pounds, 4 teaspoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 ounces slab bacon, chopped, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 12 cups whole milk, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 14 cup chopped roasted red peppers, 2 slices stale sourdough bread, cut into 1inch cubes 2 heaping cups, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce], title: Kentucky Hot Browns, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 18942: {instructions: Boil potatoes with skin on until tender.nWhile potatoes are cooking mix other ingredients together and set aside. Cool potatoes, dice and stir into the other ingredients. Refrigerate for 2 hours for flavors to combine., ingredients: [6 large potatoes, 2 cups mayonnaise, 2 cups salad dressing, 4 ounces pimentos, diced, 1 tablespoon mustard, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons pepper, 6 teaspoons finely chopped onion, 1 cup dill relish], title: Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 18943: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut the broccoli florets from the thick stalks, leaving an inch or two of stalk attached to the florets, discarding the rest of the stalks. Cut the larger pieces through the base of the head with a small knife, pulling the florets apart. You should have about 8 cups of florets. Place the broccoli florets on a sheet pan large enough to hold them in a single layer. Toss the garlic on the broccoli and drizzle with 5 tablespoons olive oil. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Roast for 20 to 25 minutes, until crisptender and the tips of some of the florets are browned.nRemove the broccoli from the oven and immediately toss with 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, the lemon zest, lemon juice, pine nuts, Parmesan, and basil. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 to 5 pounds broccoli, 4 garlic cloves, peeled and thinly sliced, Good olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons julienned fresh basil leaves about 12 leaves], title: ParmesanRoasted Broccoli, picturelink: 0l1CIKjxnyE1FDZcdMHyEtFx.d6vW}, 18944: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the hash: Heat the olive oil in a large, shallow braising pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and bacon, and cook until slightly brown, using the back of a wooden spoon to break up the sausage, about 5 minutes. Lower the heat to medium and add the onions, peppers, potatoes and some salt and pepper. Cook for about 10 minutes.nFor the tomatoes: With a spoon, scoop out and discard some of the pulp and seeds from the tomatoes.nIn a medium bowl, add the panko, pecorino, olive oil, parsley, garlic and pepper to taste mix to combine, then spoon into the tomatoes. Nestle the tomatoes in the hash, transfer to the oven and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Serve with hot sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, to lightly coat the pan, 1 pound loose breakfast sausage, 4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and pepper, Hot sauce, for serving, 4 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup pecorino, grated, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, Pepper], title: Sausage and Bacon Hash with Baked Tomatoes, picturelink: 8QTWT4WcQ6sMGSn6YigfLRvfIfE2rS.}, 18945: {instructions: Put bulghur in a heatproof bowl. Bring water to a boil and pour over bulghur. Let bulghur stand 1 hour.nWhile bulghur is soaking, in a large bowl stir together onion, salt, allspice, and dried mint, if using do not add fresh mint now, and let stand 30 minutes. Drain bulghur in a sieve, pressing hard to extract as much water as possible, add to onion mixture with remaining ingredients including fresh mint, if using.nToss salad well and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [23 cup bulghur See Cooks Note, 2 cups water, 23 cup minced red onion, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves or 1 tablespoon dried, crumbled, 2 12 cups finely chopped fresh parsley leaves preferably flatleafed, 12 cup finely chopped scallion, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups finely diced seedless cucumber], title: LebaneseStyle Tabbouleh, picturelink: null}, 18946: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nForm the leftover macaroni and cheese into 12 small balls.nIn a pie plate or shallow dish, whisk together the egg, water and the hot sauce. In a second pie plate or shallow dish combine the flour, chili powder, and salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a deepsided skillet heat the canola oil over medium heat to 350 degrees F.nCoat the macaroni and cheese balls in the egg mixture. Put into the seasoned flour mixture, making sure they are completely coated.nFry in hot oil, in batches, until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Remove from the oil and drain on a plate lined with a paper bag. Transfer to a serving dish and serve hot., ingredients: [3 cups leftover macaroni and cheese, 1 egg, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon chili powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup canola oil], title: Spicy Fried Macaroni and Cheese Bites, picturelink: K99dLOLbDL0XsZk3ZkMoPcGVe5Q7VmG}, 18947: {instructions: Place the tomatoes, mint, garlic, lemongrass, chopped scallion and jalapeno in a blender and pulse until still chunky but releasing liquid.nLine a fine sieve with a double layer of cheesecloth over a large container. Pour the tomato mixture into the sieve and let drain for 2 to 3 hours, or refrigerate overnight.nSeason the strained liquid with salt and pepper. Pour into shooter glasses, garnish with the grape tomatoes and sliced scallions., ingredients: [4 pounds tomatoes, roughly chopped, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 1 stalk lemongrass, roughly chopped, 2 scallions, 1 roughly chopped and 1 thinly sliced, 14 jalapeno pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 pint grape tomatoes, halved], title: Tomato Consomme, picturelink: null}, 18948: {instructions: Combine the goat cheese, pecans and honey in a medium bowl and, using a rubber spatula, blend thoroughly.nCut the crusts from the bread and set aside for another purpose.nUsing 2 slices of the bread, make a sandwich, taking care to spread the goat cheese in an even layer all and the way to the edges of the bread. With a large serrated knife, cut the sandwich diagonally in both directions to create 4 equal triangles. Repeat with the remaining bread and spread to make 16 tea sandwiches., ingredients: [10 ounces chevre goat cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup chopped, salted, roasted pecans, 1 tablespoon honey, preferably mesquite or wildflower, 8 slices square, firm cinnamonraisin bread], title: Goat Cheese and Pecan Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: kcj5F3cSj5QeurzA6vyCeV.tkKROyx6}, 18949: {instructions: Bring water, lard, and salt to a boil in a saucepan. Stir in flour vigorously until it forms a ball, about 1 minute. Allow mixture to cool slightly. Beat the eggs in a bowl and slowly add to the saucepan on medium heat stirring until a ball forms and the dough comes off the sides of the pan. Heat a 12inch skillet that is at least 2 inches deep with 1inch of oil to 325 degrees. Using a piping bag fitted with a medium star tip, pipe dough into 8 to 10inch strips onto a parchmentlined tray. Fry until amber brown. Sprinkle sugar and cinnamon mixture on churros immediately. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup water, 13 cup lard or vegetable shortening, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup flour, 3 eggs, Vegetable oil for frying, 14 cup sugar mixed with 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Churros, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 18950: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F 220 degrees C. Lightly grease a baking sheet. Set aside.nTo make the shortcakes, in a bowl, stir together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Using 2 knives or a pastry blender, cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in the sour cream and egg until moistened. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and pat into a rough circle the dough will be sticky. Working with about onesixth of the dough at a time, shape into rough balls and place about 1 inch 2.5 centimeters apart on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, about 18 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the berries: if using strawberries, slice them. In a bowl, combine the fruit with sugar to taste. Stir, then let stand until ready to use.nRemove the shortcakes from the oven and let cool on the baking sheet on a rack. In a bowl, whip the cream with the vanilla until it holds soft peaks. To serve, split each pancake in half horizontally with your fingers and place a bottom half on each of 6 individual plates. Top generously with the sugared berries and whipped cream. Replace the top half and serve., ingredients: [2 cups 10 ounces315 grams allpurpose plain flour, 12 cup 4 ounces125 grams sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda bicarbonate of soda, 12 teaspoon of salt, 6 tablespoons 3 ounces90 grams chilled butter, cut into small pieces, 1 cup 8 ounces250 grams sour cream, 1 egg, 1 quart 1 pound500 grams mixed berries such as blackberries, blueberries, strawberries andor raspberries, 1 to 2 tablespoons sugar, or to taste, 12 cup 4 fluid ounces125 milliliters heavy double cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract essence], title: SourCream Shortcakes with Fresh Berries, picturelink: null}, 18951: {instructions: Bring 3 quarts of water and 2 tablespoons of salt to a boil. Drop spaghetti into boiling water stir. Cook until al dente, about 10 to 12 minutes.nStrain tomatoes through a food mill discard seeds and set aside.nPlace a 12inch saute pan over medium heat add oil. Add garlic to pan. Cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is lightly golden, about 30 seconds. Add red pepper flakes and remaining salt. Cook until garlic is medium golden, about 1 minute more.nIncrease heat to high add the strained tomatoes. Cook, swirling pan occasionally, until tomatoes start to thicken, about 5 to 6 minutes. Drain pasta in a colander, reserving some water in case sauce gets too dry. Add pasta to saute pan toss until sauce begins to coat pasta, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in basil cook for 30 seconds more. Divide among bowls sprinkle with cheese if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons plus 14 teaspoon sea or coarse salt, 8 ounces best quality spaghetti, 1 28ounce can Italian plum tomatoes, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and cut into 18inch thick pieces, 14 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 14 cup basil or parsley leaves, loosely packed and torn, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano optional], title: Spaghetti 101, picturelink: null}, 18952: {instructions: The night before, pour an 11.8ounce can coconut water into an ice cube tray freeze until solid. To serve, blend 2 cups chopped fresh pineapple, 2 cups 2 Greek yogurt, 1 cup coconut sorbet, 12 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 34 cup coconut water, 14 cup shaved fresh coconut and 6 coconut ice cubes in a blender until smooth. Thin with more coconut water or coconut milk, if desired. Divide among 4 glasses.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [], title: Coconut Smoothies, picturelink: PKIO6ym62M8CWO67.SJgMRT7PpKhMO}, 18953: {instructions: For the pizza dough: In the bowl of a stand mixer, add 12 cup of the bread flour, the lukewarm water and the yeast. Mix well and let sit until bubbly, about 30 minutes.nWhisk together the remaining 3 12 cups bread flour and the salt in another bowl so it will be evenly distributed.nOnce the yeast mixture is nice and bubbly and looks like foamy beer, add 34 cup cold water and the olive oil. Using a dough hook, turn the mixer on and add the flour in increments.nMix the dough until it starts creeping up the dough hook and coming away from the sides of the bowl, about 5 minutes.nPlace the dough in a large bowl lightly greased with olive oil. Turn to coat all sides of the dough with oil. Cover the bowl loosely with a clean tea towel. Let rise until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nPunch the dough down, and let rise another hour.nDivide the dough into 4 equal disks. Lightly flour a work surface. Using your fingers or heels of your hands or a rolling pin, if you prefer stretch the disks out to a 10 to 12inch round. Poke your fingers in the dough a little to dock it. Repeat with the remaining 3 pizza dough disks.nPreheat the oven to 550 degrees F.nFor the carpaccio: Chill the beef in the freezer for 10 minutes.nThinly slice the beef against the grain with a very sharp knife. You should get close to 40 slices. You should only do this about 1 hour in advance of eating the meat, or it will discolor and become unappetizing. You could also have your butcher do this for you on a professional meat slicer, but you will have to time it so that you are home in time to make the pizzas in the oven Store the carpaccio slices on waxed paper in one layer in the refrigerator until ready to use up to 1 hour. If you stack the waxed paper layers, the bottom ones will discolor and become gray, so leaving them in one layer is best.nFor the pizza: One at a time, drizzle each round of dough with olive oil, season lightly with salt and pepper, and sprinkle the surface with fresh rosemary.nSlide the dough onto a baking sheet into the oven and bake on the center rack until the sides are slightly charred and the pizza is cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes less if youre using a grill. Rotate the pizza in the oven or on the grill as necessary to keep it from burning.nRemove the pizza, set aside to cool off slightly and repeat with remaining pizzas.nTo serve, use a pizza wheel or a sharp knife to cut each pizza into 8 to 10 slices. Lay 1 to 2 slices of the carpaccio over each slice. Sprinkle the micro arugula over the top of all of the slices and season with salt and pepper. Serve with a lemon wedge on the side. Repeat with the remaining pizzas.nTo eat, squeeze the lemon wedge over the meat and enjoy immediately., ingredients: [4 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup lukewarm water 105 to 115 degrees F, One 14ounce package dry active yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for bowl, 1 12 pounds freshest possible eye of round beef, trimmed of fat and sinew, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Fine sea salt, Freshly cracked black pepper, 3 sprigs rosemary, leaves stripped and left whole, 4 ounces micro arugula or baby arugula, 5 lemons, cut into 8 wedges each], title: Carpaccio Pizza, picturelink: null}, 18954: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Saute onions and mushrooms until wilted and onions are tender. Let cool completely. Mix all ingredients together, adding bread crumbs a little at a time until desired consistency. Generously oil 1 meatloaf tray. Pack mix into tray tightly to keep holes from being created in the loaf. Cover the tray with aluminum foil. Transfer the meatloaf to a pan with high sides and filled 14 with water. Bake for 1 to 2 hours, checking for doneness after 1 hour. Let stand at room temperature before removing from the pan. Cool then cover., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 white onion diced, 1 portobello cap diced, 2 cups shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and julienne cut, 2 pounds ground veal, 2 eggs, beaten, 12 cup chopped parsley, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 cup bread crumbs], title: Veal Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 18955: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In bowl combine Ricotta, eggs and half of the Parmesan cheese. Drain spinach and squeeze out remaining water. Add to cheese mixture. Stir to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Take a crepe and top with 3 or 4 tablespoons of cheese and spinach mixture. Roll up. Fill and roll up remaining crepes. In a baking dish spread sauce evenly along bottom. Place stuffed crepes in baking dish. Top with more sauce and Parmesan. Bake for 30 minutes, until bubbly. Serve., ingredients: [12 ounces of Ricotta, 1 egg, 12 cup Parmesan cheese, grated, 1 package frozen spinach, thawed, Salt, 8 crepes, 3 cups tomato sauce], title: Homemade Manicotti, picturelink: null}, 18956: {instructions: Rub the rim of a glass with a cut lime and dip it in salt to lightly coat it. Chill the glass.nIn a blender, blend the ingredients, including the ice cubes, for 30 seconds. Pour into the glass., ingredients: [1 jigger 1 12 ounces white tequila, 1 jigger 1 12 ounces fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon superfine granulated sugar, 1 ounce orangeflavored liqueur  triple sec, 5 ice cubes], title: Frozen Margarita, picturelink: 5sH8z9OXG0gSshynivkuYQrO5SPWSi}, 18957: {instructions: 1. Place all ingredients into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure lid.n2. Select Variable 1.n3. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n4. Blend for 1 minute or until desired consistency is reached. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 orange, peeled, 14 cup 60 ml apple cider, 12 apple, seeded, 12 cup 75 g pineapple, fresh or canned, 12 teaspoon honey, 1 cup 240 ml ice cubes], title: Vitamix Orange Cider Refresher, picturelink: RrcZJt9vdGg2W6FcPWy9O66lnDZOOy}, 18958: {instructions: Special equipment: a silicone baking mat or wax paper 8 ice pop sticks a candy thermometernLine a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or wax paper. Place the ice pop sticks into the stem ends of the apples and place on the prepared baking sheet.nIn a heavy medium pot over medium heat, melt the butter and then stir in the brown sugar until completely combined. Whisk in the sweetened condensed milk, corn syrup, honey, cinnamon and salt until smooth.nBring the mixture to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally with a rubber spatula, until the temperature registers 238 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Remove from the heat and let the caramel cool for about 2 minutes.nHolding an ice pop stick, carefully dip an apple in the caramel up to the stem, then roll in the desired toppings and place on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining apples. Chill the apples until the caramel and toppings are set, at least 1 hour and up to overnight., ingredients: [8 medium apples, washed and well dried, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups packed dark brown sugar, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup light corn syrup, 14 cup honey, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, Suggested toppings: chopped nuts, crushed pretzels, sprinkles, mini chocolate chips, mini candycoated chocolates, toasted coconut flakes], title: CaramelDipped Local Apples, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 18959: {instructions: For the chimichurri sauce: Combine the parsley, oregano, cilantro, garlic, crushed red pepper and 1 12 teaspoons salt in a food processor. Process until coarsely chopped. Add the vinegar and pulse to combine. Scrape the mixture into a bowl and whisk in the oil and 2 tablespoons water. Set aside at room temperature. Can be made 1 day ahead and refrigerated bring to room temperature before serving. Makes 1 cup.nFor the filling: Put a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Put the chicken thighs skinside down in a large saucepan. Add the broth, parsley sprigs and bay leaf, turn the heat to mediumhigh and bring to a simmer. Cover, reduce the heat to low, and simmer until a meat thermometer inserted in a piece of chicken near the bone registers 150 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a plate. When cool enough to handle, discard the skin and shred the meat into large pieces you should have about 2 cups. Place in a medium bowl. Reserve 12 cup of the broth. Strain and keep the rest to make delicious soup.nWipe out the saucepan, heat it over medium heat and add the lard. Add the onion, season with salt and cook, stirring, until soft but not brown, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle with the cumin and crushed red pepper and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Stir in the flour. Whisk in the 12 cup broth and let it bubble and thicken, stirring frequently, about 4 minutes. Pour the mixture over the chicken, add the olives and toss to combine. Taste and add salt if necessarythe filling should be aggressively seasoned, since it will be wrapped in the dough. Pop the chicken into the refrigerator just until cool, about 10 minutes.nTo make the empanadas: Place a small bowl of cool water by your work surface. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Working with 1 wrapper at a time and keeping the rest covered, brush a little water on one edge of the empanada wrapper. Put 2 tablespoons of filling in the center of the wrapper and fold in half. Use your finger to press out the air, making a border of about 12 inch around the filling. Press with a fork to seal the edges. Transfer to the prepared sheet pan. Repeat with the remaining wrappers and filling.nBake the empanadas until golden brown, about 15 minutes, rotating the baking sheet halfway through. Serve warm with the chimichurri sauce., ingredients: [1 14 cups lightlypacked parsley leaves, 1 cup lightlypacked oregano leaves, 12 cup lightlypacked cilantro leaves, 6 cloves garlic, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Kosher salt, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup olive oil, 4 bonein, skinon chicken thighs about 1 14 pounds total, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, A few sprigs parsley, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon lard or vegetable oil, 12 small yellow onion, diced, Kosher salt, 1 heaping teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper, minced, 12 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 13 cup pimentostuffed green olives, roughly chopped, 10 frozen empanada wrappers, thawed], title: Chicken and Olive Empanadas with Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18960: {instructions: In a skillet cast iron if available cook bacon to render fat. Strain fat from bacon and set aside. Reserve bacon on paper towels. Use 2 tablespoons of bacon drippings to saute onions, garlic and bell peppers until soft. Add potatoes and cook until tender and crispy. Add reserved bacon and season to taste., ingredients: [6 slices of bacon, cut into 1inch pieces or 1 1inch wide piece of slab bacon cut into lardons, 1 onion, cut into small dice, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 green bell pepper, cut into small dice, 1 red bell pepper, cut into small dice, 8 potatoes, peeled, chopped into small dice and blanched, Salt and pepper], title: Potato and Bacon Hash with Bell Peppers, picturelink: null}, 18961: {instructions: Combine the rum, coconut water, protein powder and one squeeze of lime in a cocktail shaker. Fill the shaker with ice and shake for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice., ingredients: [1 12 ounces silver rum, 1 12 ounces coconut water, 1 bar spoon whey protein powder, 12 lime], title: Knockout Punch, picturelink: null}, 18962: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 14inch round cookie cutter, 1 12by1inch heartshaped cookie cutternPrepare dough as directed and chill for 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle a work surface and rolling pin with confectioners sugar and roll out dough to 18inch thick. Move dough frequently to prevent it from sticking and add more confectioners sugar to the work surface and rolling pin as needed. With a 2 14inch round cookie cutter, cut 72 dough rounds, rerolling dough as needed. With a small heartshaped cookie cutter about 1 12by1inch, cut hearts from the center of half the dough rounds. Place the rounds and cutouts about 1 inch apart on parchment lined baking sheets. Bake until just set but not brown, about 68 minutes. Let cool on the pan slightly before transferring to a rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the filling: In a small bowl, whisk together the cream cheese, butter, confectioners sugar, and pomegranate juice until smooth and fluffy. Spread about 1 teaspoon filling on each round cookie and top with a cutout cookie. Place a red candy heart in the center of each. Leftover filling can be used to sandwich the small hearts together.nSift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. Place butter and sugar in large bowl of electric stand mixer and beat until light in color. Add egg and milk and beat to combine. Put mixer on low speed, gradually add flour, and beat until mixture pulls away from the side of the bowl. Divide the dough in half, wrap in waxed paper, and refrigerate for 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle surface where you will roll out dough with powdered sugar. Remove 1 wrapped pack of dough from refrigerator at a time, sprinkle rolling pin with powdered sugar, and roll out dough to 14inch thick. Move the dough around and check underneath frequently to make sure it is not sticking. If dough has warmed during rolling, place cold cookie sheet on top for 10 minutes to chill. Cut into desired shape, place at least 1inch apart on greased baking sheet, parchment, or silicone baking mat, and bake for 7 to 9 minutes or until cookies are just beginning to turn brown around the edges, rotating cookie sheet halfway through baking time. Let sit on baking sheet for 2 minutes after removal from oven and then move to complete cooling on wire rack. Serve as is or ice as desired. Store in airtight container for up to 1 week.nRecipe courtesy of Alton Brown, ingredients: [1 recipe Sugar Cookie Dough, recipe follows, at room temperature, 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon pomegranate juice, Small red sugar hearts, for decorating, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon milk, Powdered sugar, for rolling out dough], title: Sugar Heart Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: sq6Zd.hAXjGUV6NQ45vy6qisUifnx4S}, 18963: {instructions: Season the lamb shanks with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat the oil in large heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, if necessary, to not overcrowd the pan, sear the shanks on all sides until deep brown, about 7 minutes. Remove the shanks to a plate and add the port. Bring to a simmer, scraping any brown bits off bottom of pan and reduce by 13. Add the mulling spices, wrapped in cheesecloth or in a muslin tea bag. Return shanks to the pot, adding water if needed, to cover the meat. Cover and simmer until the meat is tender, about 2 12 hours. Remove the shanks to a cutting board and let rest. Discard the mulling spices. Simmer the braising liquid until reduced and thickened, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the pasta to al dente according to package directions in a large pot of salted boiling water, about 4 minutes. Pull the meat from the bones, chop it and add it to the sauce. Drain the pasta, and add it to the meat and sauce. Toss and serve immediately. Enjoy, ingredients: [4 lamb shanks, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons garlic infused olive oil, 1 750ml bottle ruby port, Water, 3 tablespoons mulling spices, 2 pounds fresh pappardelle pasta], title: Sweet Braised Lamb Pasta, picturelink: DsU4gkOjNuZLg7XBQeR4bDKaHxte.Vi}, 18964: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the walnuts on a baking sheet and toast for 10 minutes.nIncrease the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the frozen pastries on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake until puffed, 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a bowl, add the strawberries, balsamic and maple syrup. Mix.nWhile the pastries are still hot, stuff with the cheese, and then top with walnuts, strawberries and some pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 cup walnuts, crushed, 4 frozen storebought puff pastry shells, 1 cup fresh strawberries, sliced, 2 tablespoons aged balsamic minimum 7 years aged, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, One 7ounce piece St. Andre cheese, rind removed and sliced, Coarsely cracked black pepper], title: Puff Pastry Tarts with St. Andre Cheese and Balsamic Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 18965: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the Cheddar and Pepper Jack to a bowl with the cream cheese. Add in the pimentos and salt and pepper to taste. Using a hand mixer, begin to blend together. Add in the mayonnaise and continue mixing until creamy., ingredients: [1 cup grated Cheddar, 1 cup grated Pepper Jack, 4 ounces cream cheese, 3 tablespoons pimentos, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup mayonnaise], title: Pimento Cheese Dip, picturelink: vGuXMN4cu8g1Li.6vj2YsZ27Sr.mCW.}, 18966: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to medium heat.nBring the steaks to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Rub the steaks with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nIn a mediumsize saucepan, melt the butter and oil over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute, stirring frequently, until softened but not browned, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add chili powder, cumin, coriander, cinnamon, cocoa and paprika and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato sauce and brown sugar and cook, stirring until sugar is dissolved, about 2 minutes. Stir in the coffee, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, molasses and mustard. Simmer over mediumlow heat until the liquid is reduced and the sauce has thickened, about 25 minutes.nYou may transfer to a blender and process until smooth or leave it natural. Will keep, tightly covered, in refrigerator for up to1 month.nGrill the steaks over medium heat until desired doneness. Arrange on serving plates and serve with bbq sauce either on top or on the side., ingredients: [4 6ounce filet mignon steaks, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 small or 12 large onion, small dice, 4 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika or regular sweet paprika, 1 cup plain tomato sauce, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 cup brewed coffee, dark roast, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup molasses, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard], title: Grilled Filet Mignon with Chocolate Coffee BBQ Sauce, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 18967: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the almond paste in the bowl of an electric mixer. Gradually add the eggs, 1 a time, incorporating each before you add the next. You may need to stop the mixer and scrape the bowl to incorporate all of the almond paste into the mixture. Slow the mixer to low speed and add all of the hot melted butter. When it is slightly incorporated, increase the speed and mix until well combined. Use a rubber spatula to transfer the almond mixture into a piping bag fitted with a 12inch plain tip.nI used a flexible silicon mold but you could also use a minimuffin tin. Spray the mold with vegetable cooking spray. Pipe the almond paste mixture into the molds. Place a few raisins on top of the piped mixture. Bake until lightly browned, about 20 minutes, depending on the size of the molds used.nPlace the rum in a squeeze bottle. When the Raisin Punches have cooked, soak them right away while they are still hot with the rum. If you do not want to use the alcohol, simply skip that step. Serve.nPlace the sugar, honey and water in a saucepan and bring to a strong boil. Place the almonds in the food processor and grind until coarse. Remove the boiling sugar from the heat and pour over the coarse almonds. Blend until smooth. This may take 10 minutes or more, depending on the strength of the food processor. Remember, food processors are not usually strong enough to yield the same consistency as the almond paste that you can buy. If your mixture is too thick and the food processor is straining, you can add a little Kirsch or simple syrup to the processor. Add the liquid slowly and stop when the processor is moving more freely. The quality of almond paste is determined by how smooth the consistency is.nWrap the almond paste in plastic wrap and allow it to cool. When you are ready to use it, knead in the butter. The butter makes it smooth and not so sticky.nYield: About 2 cupsnI like to use hydrated raisins in a lot of recipes. I always keep a jar of them in the refrigerator. The proportion I use for adding the liquor is about to 10 to 20 percent of the weight of the water. If you do not dilute the liquor with water, be prepared for a very strong burst of flavornPlace the raisins in a mixing bowl or glass jar and add water so that it covers the raisins by at least 12inch. Stir in the rum or flavored alcohol. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for 24 hours. It is even better to allow the raisins to hydrate for 2 to 3 days. They will become very plump as they absorb the liquid. You can keep them in the refrigerator for a few weeks. When you are ready to use them, strain the amount that you need through a finemesh sieve before adding them to the recipe.nYield: 1 cupnRecipe courtesy Jacques Torres Chocolate, MrChocolate ., ingredients: [1 pound 450 grams almond paste, recipe follows, 15 large 225 grams eggs, 1 stick 110 grams melted butter, hot, 1 cup hydrated raisins, recipe follows, 1 cup rum, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons 250 grams sugar, 14 cup 75 grams honey, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon 100 grams water, 3 cups plus 3 tablespoons 500 grams blanched, whole, almonds, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons 50 grams Kirsch or simple syrup, optional, 2 tablespoons 50 grams butter, Hydrated Raisins, 1 cup raisins, Water, as needed, 12 cup dark rum or flavored liqueur], title: Raisin Punch, picturelink: null}, 18968: {instructions: Chocolate Pudding:nIn a pot combine the heavy cream, sugar, vanilla extract and salt. Over medium heat, bring the cream to a simmer.nCount out your gelatin sheets and place in very cold water for the gelatin to bloom.nChop the chocolates and set aside in a bowl.nWhen the cream comes to the simmer temper the hot liquid into the chopped chocolate stirring until the chocolate is completely melted. Stir the melted chocolate into the pot. Bring the cream back up to a light simmer and stir in your bloomed gelatin. Once the gelatin is dissolved strain the base through a chinois. Place the base in an ice bath to chill.nWhen the base has thickened, portion out the chilled pudding into whatever container you want and let chill and set up. This can be a minimum of 30 minutes to 2 hours, depending on the time you have.nSmoked Ganache:nIn a saucepan combine cream, corn syrup, and vanilla extract and bring to a simmer. Chop the chocolate and set aside in a bowl. Temper the hot liquid over the chopped chocolate and stir until the mixture is all combined and shiny. Add the Scotch, to taste, and a pinch of salt. Set in the refrigerator.nSmoked Fudge:nPreheat your oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 12 sheet pan with cooking spray then a piece of parchment paper.nCut the butter into small dice, set aside and leave at room temperature. Chop chocolate and set aside. In a saucepan combine the water and sugar. Cook until the sugar has dissolved.nIn your stand mixer bowl put your chopped chocolate and pour the hot sugar over it. With the paddle attachment on a mediumslow speed let mix until combined. Slowly add in the diced butter being sure that all has dissolved completely. Slowly add the eggs to the chocolate mixture until combined. Stir in the alcohol, and a pinch of salt. Pour the batter into the pan. Bake in the oven for 5 minutes, turn the pan and bake for another 5 to 8 minutes.nWhen the fudge is done it will have a crust on top and will not jiggle anymore.nBittersweet Chip Ice Cream:nCombine milk, cream, vanilla extract, and liquid glucose. Combine 12 the amount of sugar and the cocoa powder, mix together into a bowl, stir into the pot of cream and bring to a simmer.nChop the chocolate and set aside in a bowl. Once the cream mixture is at a simmer temper the hot liquid into the chopped chocolate continue stirring until completely melted. Stir the melted chocolate into the pot. Bring the hot cream back up to a simmer. Combine your yolks and the remaining amount of sugar in a bowl and whisk until well combined. Temper you egg mixture into the hot liquid cook the ice cream base cook until it coats the back of the spoon. Strain through a chinois. Add a pinch of salt. Put into a water bath to chill.nWhen the base is cold pour into the ice cream machine and spin.nTo make the chip melt down a 12 cup to 1 cup of pate a glace brun. When the ice cream is coming out of the machine drizzle the glace into it, it will solidify on contact and give you a more delicate chip effect.nAssembly:nLayer in a glass bowl the chocolate pudding, smoked ganache, bittersweet chip ice cream and fudge. Garnish with whipped cream., ingredients: [6 cups heavy cream, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 12 ounces 61 percent chocolate, chopped, 3 ounces 40 percent chocolate, chopped, 3 12 gelatin sheets, 34 cup heavy cream, 14 cup corn syrup, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 6 ounces 61 percent chocolate, Single malt Scotch, to taste, 1 pound butter, 2 12 pounds 61 percent chocolate, 1 cup water, 2 cups sugar, 10 eggs, 34 cup single malt Scotch, Pinch salt, 2 quarts milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 cup liquid glucose, About 14 ounces sugar, 1 pound 12 ounces cocoa powder, 1 pound 12 ounces 61 percent chocolate, About 8 ounces yolks, Pinch salt, 12 cup pate a glace brun], title: At the Gentlemens Club, picturelink: null}, 18969: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the puff pastry on parchment lined baking sheets, 12inch apart. Place parchment on top of the dough and then on a wire rack or baking sheet on top. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. If you are using a baking sheet on top, you will have to remove the baking sheet to see if the puff is done. Cool to room temperature. Slice each piece of puff pastry in 12 horizontally along the 4inch side.nWhisk the cream, sugar, vanilla extract, and rum in a large bowl until soft peaks form.nSlice the bananas 12inch thick on a bias. Place them in a bowl and mix in the lime and orange juices.nPlace some bananas and a little rum cream on each of 6 plates. Place a piece of puff pastry on top. Place the remaining bananas and rum cream on the puff. Drizzle warm caramel sauce over and around the bananas. Top with a second piece of puff. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 pieces store bought puff pastry, each 3 by 4inches, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 to 2 tablespoons dark rum, 4 to 5 medium bananas, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 cup store bought caramel sauce], title: Banana Napoleon with Rum Cream, picturelink: null}, 18970: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together the vinegar, mustard, horseradish and salt and pepper. Whisk in the oil until emulsified. Whisk in the scallions, watercress, and mayonnaise.nArrange the beef on a platter and serve it with mustard sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons redwine vinegar, 2 tablespoons coarsegrained mustard, 1 tablespoon bottled horseradish, drained, 2 scallions, minced, 14 minced watercress, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 pounds rare roast beef or leftover steak at room temperature, thinly sliced], title: Cold Beef with MustardHoresradish Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18971: {instructions: Preheat grill.nMassage chicken with betutu spice mix. Season with salt and pepper and tamarind water. Wrap chicken completely with banana leaves or greased parchment paper and then foil. Place on grill for 30 minutes.nGrind shallots, garlic, turmeric, ginger, galangal, wild ginger, candlenuts, 1000spice, chile peppers, shrimp paste, and peanuts in a food processor. Saute paste with coconut oil.nWash rice until water is clear and then drain. Put rice in pot with coconut milk, chicken stock, garlic, lemongrass, salam leaves, and bali leaves. Season with salt and stir well. Put on top of stove with medium heat and let it boil. Put in rice cooker and cook until soft. Remove and disregard the lime leaves, garlic, lemongrass and salam leaves., ingredients: [4 pounds fresh chicken, Betutu spice, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, Tamarind water 4 or 5 strips of deseeded tamarind pulp dissolved in 1 cup water, to soften, Banana leaves or greased parchment paper and aluminum foil, 3 salam leaves can substitute bay leaves, Serving suggestion: Coconut Pandan Rice: Nasi Gurih, recipe follows, 12 cup peeled shallots, 14 cup peeled garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh turmeric, 2 tablespoons fresh peeled ginger, 2 tablespoons galangal, 2 tablespoons wild ginger, 3 whole candlenuts, 2 tablespoons Balinese 1000spice, 2 tablespoons fresh hot chile peppers seeded and cleaned, 4 tablespoons shrimp paste, 2 tablespoons finely chopped peanuts, 14 cup coconut oil, 2 12 cups jasmine or Thai rice, 12 cup coconut milk, 2 14 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 blade lemongrass, 4 salam leaves, 2 Bali or kaffir lime leaves, 2 14 cup chicken or vegetable stock, Salt], title: Chicken with Balinese Spices: Ayam Betutu, picturelink: null}, 18972: {instructions: Special equipment: candy thermometer and a heatsafe pastry brushnIn a small heavybottomed pot dissolve the sugar in the corn syrup and water. Bring to a boil. Boil to thread stage the candy thermometer should read between 223 to 234 degrees F. Brush down the inner wall of the pot with a heatproof pastry brush and a small amount of water to prevent crystal formation.nIn the meantime beat egg whites with mixer and whisk attachment until they hold stiff but not dry peaks. Pour 23 of the boiled syrup mixture in a thin stream over the beaten egg whites, whisking all the time on high speed. Put the remaining mixture back on the heat and cook to soft ball stage the candy thermometer should read between 234 to 240 degrees F. Whisk into the egg white mixture with the mixer on high speed. Add extract. Continue whisking until mixture forms stiff peaks.nPour into a buttered 9 by 13inch pan. Let cool and cut. Store in an airtight container for chewier divinity or leave uncovered for a crispier texture., ingredients: [2 12 cups sugar, 34 cup corn syrup, 14 cup water, 2 egg whites, 12 teaspoon peppermint extract, optional], title: Divine Divinity, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 18973: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 6 10ounce ramekinsnFor the Tomato Sauce: Warm the olive oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic, rosemary, and pancetta. Saute until the pancetta is crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, stir to combine, and simmer over very low heat for 15 minutes. Add the salt and pepper. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl combine the Tomato Sauce, chicken, broccoli, mozzarella, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine. Divide the chicken mixture evenly between the ramekins. Roll out the pizza dough and cut circles with a pairing knife that are 1inch wider in diameter than the ramekins. Place the circles of dough over the filled ramekins and press down to seal, making sure to pull the dough over the edge of the ramekin. Brush the top of the pizza dough with olive oil and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Cut a small slit in the top of the pizza dough with a pairing knife. Bake until the pizza crust is golden, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon fresh minced rosemary leaves, 2 ounces diced pancetta, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups Tomato Sauce, 2 cups diced roasted chicken, 2 cups broccoli cut into small, bitesized pieces, 1 12 cups diced mozzarella cheese, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds pizza dough, 13 cup olive oil, 6 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Pizza Pot Pies, picturelink: 8jhXtoge1BdlfrOFHo6TdRNjbFo8z9m}, 18974: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut 1 12 apples into chunks and dice the remaining 12 apple into small cubes. Set aside.nAdd 2 tablespoons of the butter to a saucepan over mediumhigh heat and stir in the shallots. Saute for a minute or so, then add the apple chunks and cook until slightly golden. Stir in the parsnips, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until caramelized. Once brown on all sides, add the sage leaves and cover with water. Simmer until soft or fork tender. Discard the sage and puree mixture and cooking liquid in a food processor until smooth. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if necessary.nIn a small saute pan, melt and brown the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Add the diced apple, season with a pinch of salt only and saute until the apples are coated and just tender.nTransfer the puree to a serving bowl and top with the browned butter coated diced apples., ingredients: [2 Fuji apples, peeled and cored, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 shallot, peeled and sliced, 1 pound parsnips, peeled and cut into chunks, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 5 large fresh sage leaves, Water, to cover], title: Parsnip and Apple Puree, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 18975: {instructions: Add the cauliflower to a mediumsized saucepan along with the chicken stock. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook until tender, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the roasted garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the milk and puree with an immersion blender until smooth. Mix in the cheese and taste for seasoning. Transfer the mixture to a serving bowl and garnish with sour cream and chives., ingredients: [1 large head cauliflower, finely chopped about 2 pounds, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons roasted garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup whole milk, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 14 cup reducedfat sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Mashed Cauliflower and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 18976: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Score the skin and fat of the ham in a diamond pattern. Combine the pineapple juice, sarsaparilla, sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Heat over mediumhigh heat, stirring frequently until the sugar is dissolved. Place the ham in a shallow roasting pan. Baste with the pineapple juice mixture, and then bake until the ham reaches an internal temperature of 140 degrees F, 3 hours to 3 hours 30 minutes, basting with the pineapple mixture about every 30 minutes., ingredients: [One 12pound cured ham, 1 cup pineapple juice, 3 tablespoons sarsaparilla, 3 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Sarsaparilla Basted Ham, picturelink: LzVDcPq8Q2wI59ig6XjjFDdlGKPBw6a}, 18977: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor Chocolate Cake: Mix granulated sugar, sour cream, whole milk, instant espresso, vegetable oil, whole eggs and vanilla extract in a standing mixer on low speed for approximately 2 minutes or until combined. Scrape the bowl and add the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and kosher salt. Mix another 2 to 3 minutes until cake batter is smooth. Pour into sprayed and parchment lined 10inch cake pan. Bake for 20 minutes or until toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Set aside to cool.nFor Chocolate Mousse: Melt chocolate and set aside keep warm. In a separate dish add powdered gelatin to cold water, set aside. Whisk together milk and egg yolks in a saucepan. Put on a medium flame and cook until 165 degrees F. Be careful not to over cook and curdle the mixture. Pour eggmilk mixture through a strainer into the melted chocolate. Melt the gelatin and water. Add to the chocolate mixture and stir until combined. Let chocolate mixture cool to room temperature. Whip the heavy cream to soft peaks and fold into the chocolate mixture.nFor the Ganache: In a saucepot combine heavy cream, sugar and unsalted butter. Bring to a boil. Take off flame. Add chopped chocolate to boiled cream let sit for 1 minute then stir until combined. Overmixing will cause bubbles in the ganache. Only stir until chocolate is incorporated. Set aside.nFor Chocolate Buttercream: In a saucepan combine granulated sugar and just enough water to moisten the sugar. Bring to a boil, washing down the sides as you go with a brush dipped in water. Bring to 240 degrees F. As sugar is cooking, begin whipping the egg whites in a mixer on medium speed.. Increase speed, as sugar gets closer to a soft peak. Mix the unsalted butter, shortening and salt together. When sugar reaches temperature pour into whipping egg whites. Continue to whip on high speed until the mixing bowl is just warm to the touch. Quickly add the unsalted butter, shortening and salt. Continue to whip for 5 minutes or until buttercream comes together and is smooth. Add melted chocolate and cocoa powder. Whip until combined. Set aside.nFor Assembly: Slice 10inch cake horizontally into 2 even pieces. Place first layer of cake in a plastic wrap lined 10inch cake pan. Spread a thin layer of raspberry marmalade on top of the cake. Spread a thin layer of chocolate ganache on the raspberry marmalade. Spread a 2 12inch thick layer of chocolate mousse on top of the ganache. Top with the second layer of chocolate cake and refrigerate for 1 hour. Remove the cake from the refrigerator and spread a layer of chocolate butter cream on top of the cake. Spread a layer of chocolate ganache on top. Put the cake in the freezer for 1 hour or longer. Remove from the freezer and gently pull cake out of the pan by pulling on the plastic wrap. Keep refrigerated until served., ingredients: [1 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon instant espresso, 13 cups vegetable oil, 2 whole eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups dark chocolate, 1 teaspoon powdered gelatin, 1 12 tablespoons cold water, 1 cup whole milk, 5 egg yolks, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 12 cups dark chocolate, chopped, 2 34 cups granulated sugar, Water, 12 cup egg whites, 1 12 cups unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup cake shortening recommended: Crisco, Pinch kosher salt, 1 12 cups dark chocolate, melted, 14 cup cocoa powder, Seedless raspberry marmalade], title: Heavenly Chocolate Cake, picturelink: 40djh.Wf7dfi5GPrvPU0LEvYoheHI42}, 18978: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat the oil and brown the rabbit on both sides. Add onions, peppers, and garlic, and saute for 10 minutes. Add paprika, bay leaves, oregano, tomatoes, sherry, and chicken stock. Cook for 1 hour. Add potatoes, capers, and dried cherries. Cook for 1 more hour, or until potatoes are tender. Serve and garnish with sweet peas and parsley., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 8 rabbit legs, 1 Spanish onion, small dice, 1 green pepper, small dice, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon hot paprika, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 cup canned whole tomatoes, drained and chopped, 1 cup dry sherry, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 baking potatoes, like russets, cut into large dice, 14 cup capers, 12 cup dried cherries, 14 cup frozen sweet peas, 14 bunch parsley, chopped], title: Rabbit Fricassee: Fricase de Conejo, picturelink: null}, 18979: {instructions: Blend the mango flesh to a puree in a food processor. Stir in the lime juice.nHeat the sugar and water in a saucepan over a medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture resembles syrup. Bring the mixture to a boil, and continue to boil for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the mixture has reached the soft ball stage. The mixture has reached the soft ball stage when a sugar thermometer reads 235 to 240 degrees F when inserted into the mixture.nGradually add the hot sugar to the whisked egg whites in a thin stream, whisking continuously, until all the sugar has been incorporated and the mixture is thick and glossy. You may choose to use gelatine for a firm set. If you are using it, place the gelatine leaves into a small pan and cover with cold water. Set aside for 4 to 5 minutes to soften, then drain well, squeezing any excess water out of the leaves, and return to the pan.nAdd 2 tablespoons of water to the gelatine leaves and heat over a medium heat, until the leaves have dissolved. Set aside to cool slightly, then add the mango puree, and stir until well combined.nFold 13 of the whipped cream into the mango mixture, or until well combined. Add the remaining whipped cream and the egg white mixture, and gently fold the into the mango mixture until well combined.nSpoon the mango mousse into a large serving dish or into individual serving glasses, and chill in the refrigerator for 2 hours.nTo serve, sprinkle over the chopped pistachios., ingredients: [2 large mangos, stones and skins removed, flesh chopped about 1 pound mango flesh, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 3 12 ounces sugar, 4 tablespoons water, 1 freerange egg white, whisked until stiff peaks form, 2 gelatine leaves optional, 6 12 ounces heavy cream, whipped until soft peaks form, Handful chopped pistachios, for garnish], title: Velvety Mango Mousse, picturelink: null}, 18980: {instructions: Boil 16 spinach ravioli as the label directs. Drain and pat dry. Fry the ravioli in 12 cup olive oil until golden on both sides, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Mix 2 tablespoons pesto sauce with 12 cup bottled vinaigrette. Place the ravioli on skewers and dip in the sauce.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [], title: SpinachPesto Ravioli, picturelink: nf7ruUbCSo3j9IgosARKW9VRe4nZS}, 18981: {instructions: Heat demiglace in a saute pan, add the cherry puree, dried cherries and Dunkel. Continue to cook until dried cherries begin to soften and all flavors have infused. Adjust consistency of sauce until it lightly coats the back of a spoon., ingredients: [2 cups demiglace, 4 ounces sweet cherry puree, 12 cup tart sundried cherries, 4 ounces Dunkel or any high quality dark lager], title: Dunkel Infused SunDried Cherry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 18982: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Unfold the pastry on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 10x15inch rectangle. Cut the pastry sheet into 24 2 12inch squares. Press the pastry squares into 24 1 34inch mini muffinpan cups.nStir the kielbasa, marmalade and mustard in a medium bowl. Spoon about 1 tablespoon kielbasa mixture into each pastry cup.nBake for 15 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Sprinkle the pastries with the parsley before serving., ingredients: [12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, thawed, 6 ounces kielbasa, diced about 1 12 cups, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade, 1 tablespoon Dijonstyle mustard, Chopped fresh parsley], title: Smokey Sausage Cups, picturelink: null}, 18983: {instructions: When it comes to fall vegetablebased pies, some individuals fancy pumpkin, while others like me are diehard sweet potato fans. Both are autumnal, both marry well with the flavors of maple, spirits, and spice but using sweet potatoes results in a denser, creamier texture. Originally created for an article in Fine Cooking magazine, this dessert is always one of my Thanksgiving pie offerings. I cant tell you how many people have said as they down the last crumb, and I thought I didnt like sweet potato pie.nThis is like a sweet potato custard, and you will want to take care not to overbake the filling. Check it frequently as it nears the end of its baking time and remember that it will set up a bit as it cools.nServe this pie with some lightly whipped cream or, for a slightly twisted take on a triedandtrue Thanksgiving combo, garnish with some marshmallow fluff.n1 9inch basic pie crust, baked blind, recipe followsnPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPierce the sweet potatoes at each end with a fork and place them on a foillined baking sheet. Roast until the potatoes are soft, about 1 hour, turning them over halfway through the baking time. Cool, peel, and put the flesh through a food mill or mash smoothly with a potato masher. You should have 2 cups of puree.nTurn oven down to 375 degrees F.nCombine the puree with all the remaining ingredients for the filling. Whisk until well combined and smooth. Pour the filling into the partially baked pie shell. Bake for about 45 to 50 minutes, until the filling is just barely set. When the rim of the pie plate is nudged, the very center of the filling should barely move.nCool the pie to room temperature. It can be made several hours or up to 1 day in advance.nPlace the flour, salt and sugar in the bowl of a food processor with a steel blade. Pulse to combine.nAdd the chilled butter and shortening pulse until the fat is evenly cut in and the mixture resembles coarse cornmeal. Remove to a mixing bowl.nWorking quickly, gradually add enough cold water, while tossing and stirring with a fork, until the dough just begins to come together. Divide the dough into 2 even portions, flatten into rounds, wrap in plastic, and chill for a few hours or overnight.nRoll out 1 portion and fit it into a 9inch pie pan. Crimp edges. Reserve remaining portion for another use. Line shell with foil or parchment paper and fill with dry rice or beans. Blind bake in a preheated 375 degree F oven for 20 minutes. Remove foil and beans before filling., ingredients: [2 large or 3 medium sized sweet potatoes, 4 tablespoons 2 ounces butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 eggs, 1 egg yolk, 34 cup cream, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 14 cup bourbon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg preferably freshly grated, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, A few grinds black pepper, 2 23 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon sugar, 4 ounces 8 tablespoons chilled butter, cut into pieces, 4 ounces 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons chilled vegetable shortening, cut until pieces, 14 to 12 cup cold water, as needed], title: Maple Bourbon Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: QaMUHHM4sQMPxPUCCtyiUv8yFBDKglC}, 18984: {instructions: Combine the currants and cider in a small bowl set aside to soak. Meanwhile, whisk the flour, oats, pie spice, baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt and the cloves in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and brown sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the molasses and egg beat until combined, about1 more minute.nDrain the currants, reserving the cider. Reduce the mixer speed to medium low beat in the flour mixture in 2 batches, alternating with the reserved cider. Continue beating until the dough starts coming together, about 2 more minutes. Beat in the currants and walnuts. Cover and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. Drop rounded tablespoonfuls of dough 2 inches apart onto the baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies darken around the edges, 18 to 20 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nWhisk the confectioners sugar, lemon juice, vanilla and a pinch of salt in a bowl, then whisk in 1 tablespoon water. Drizzle on the cookies and let set about 10 minutes.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [12 cup dried currants, 12 cup apple cider, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup rolled oats, 1 teaspoon apple or pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, plus a pinch, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup molasses, 1 large egg, 12 cup walnuts, chopped, Cooking spray, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Glazed Hermit Cookies, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 18985: {instructions: Special equipment: Five 6inch wooden skewersnPlace the cheese, turkey, tomatoes, carrots and cucumbers separate bowls and stick one ingredient on the sharp top to avoid injury. Give each kid a skewer and have them thread assorted toppings onto their skewers from the bottom and enjoynPlace the cheese, turkey, tomatoes, carrots and cucumbers separate bowls and stick one ingredient on the sharp top to avoid injury. Give each kid a skewer and have them thread assorted toppings onto their skewers from the bottom and enjoy, ingredients: [8 ounces Cheddar, cut into 1inch cubes, 8 ounces honey roasted turkey, cut into 1inch cubes, 15 cherry tomatoes, 2 medium carrots, peeled, cut into even 1inch coins, 1 large cucumber, seeded, cut into half moons, 8 ounces Cheddar, cut into 1inch cubes, 8 ounces honey roasted turkey, cut into 1inch cubes, 15 cherry tomatoes, 2 medium carrots, peeled, cut into even 1inch coins, 1 large cucumber, seeded, cut into half moons], title: Kiddie Kabobs with Turkey, Tomatoes, Carrots and Cucumber, picturelink: V4x7uUqPFui49GSX26gf0gDMHkrF3G}, 18986: {instructions: Rinse anasazi beans under cold water. Place in a saucepan and add water to cover. Bring to a boil then turn down heat and simmer until beans are tender, about 30 to 45 minutes. When beans are done drain off remaining liquid and cool slightly. Beans should be soft.nIn a large hot saute pan, add the bacon and saute until crisp. Then add the salsa, cooked beans, 14 cup of milk, and seasonings and simmer for 5 minutes. In a food processor add the bean mixture and cheese and pulse until smooth. If mixture is too thick, add the rest of the milk. Check seasonings and adjust to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups dry anasazi beans, 1 strip applesmoked bacon, diced 14inch, 14 cup salsa, 12 cup 2 percent milk, 2 teaspoons Mexican oregano, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon mild chili powder, 1 cup shredded sharp NY state white Cheddar], title: The Forts Refried Anasazi Cliff Dwellers Beans, picturelink: null}, 18987: {instructions: Despite appearances, Swiss rolls are in fact very simple to make. The cake itself has no butter in it, so you can feel justified in spreading it with lashings of jam and whipped cream. Use any kind of jam you like apricot or blackberry, for instance, would do just as well as raspberry or strawberry.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine the base of a 10 by 15inches Swiss roll or jelly roll pan with greaseproof or parchment paper. Brush the base and sides of the pan with melted butter, and dust with flour.nIn a large bowl or in an electric food mixer, whisk the eggs, and sugar together, until light and fluffy, and then add the water, and vanilla extract.nSift in the flour, about a third at a time, and using a large metal spoon, fold it into the egg mixture.nPour the mixture gently into the prepared pan, and bake in the oven until the center of the cake is slightly springy and the edges have shrunk a little from the sides of the tin, about 12 to 15 minutes.nSpread out a piece of parchment paper slightly larger than the tin in size on a work surface and sprinkle evenly with caster sugar this stops the roll from sticking to the paper. Turn or invert the pan onto the sugared parchment paper, and then carefully remove the tin and parchment paper from the bottom of the cake.nPlace a slightly damp, clean tea or kitchen towel over the cake while it cools this will prevent it from drying out and cracking when you roll it.nWhen the cake is cool, spread the jam sparingly over the cake, leaving a 1inch border. Repeat with the whipped cream. With the longest side facing you, roll up the Swiss roll away from you, then transfer to a plate to serve. Sprinkle the cake with caster sugar or dust with icing sugar to finish., ingredients: [4 eggs, 4 12 ounces caster sugar superfine, plus 3 tablespoons for sprinkling or use icing sugar confectioners, for dusting, 2 tablespoons warm water, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons raspberry or strawberry jam, 8 ounces heavy cream, whipped], title: Swiss Roll, picturelink: null}, 18988: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.nMeanwhile, combine the raisins and enough water to cover in a small bowl soak until softened, about 15 minutes. Drain and pat dry with paper towels.nCombine the walnuts, almonds and pecans in a food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped. Alternatively, you can use a large knife to chop the nuts. In a large bowl, stir together the nuts, maple syrup, pumpkin seeds, applesauce, cinnamon, salt, softened raisins and 14 cup water. Spread the mixture evenly on the prepared baking sheet.nBake until golden and crisp, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Let cool completely on a rack break into pieces., ingredients: [14 cup raisins, 3 cups walnuts, 2 cups almonds, 2 cups pecans, 34 cup pure maple syrup, 12 cup pumpkin seeds, 12 cup applesauce, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Cinnamon Roll Grainless Granola, picturelink: UQWSBstQx8oMvE98hfsUhRghx0yV5e}, 18989: {instructions: HEAT grill to mediumhigh heat.nSHAPE meat into 4 12inchthick patties.nGRILL 4 to 6 min. on each side or until done 160 degrees F. Top with cheese grill 1 min. or until melted. Meanwhile, place onions and buns, cutsides down, on grill cook 1 to 2 min. or until onions are lightly browned and buns are lightly toasted, turning onions after 1 min.nSPREAD mayonnaise onto cut sides of buns fill with cheeseburgers and onions.nServing Suggestion: Serve with a mixed green salad and your favorite fresh fruit to round out the meal.nHow to Cook on the Stove: Cook patties in large skillet on medium heat 7 to 9 min. on each side or until done 160degreesF, adding onions to the skillet for the last 5 min. and turning once. Top burgers with cheese cover. Cook 1 min. or until melted. Continue as directed, toasting buns under the broiler if desired.nSubstitute: Substitute kaiser rolls for the hamburger buns., ingredients: [1 lb. extralean ground beef, 4 KRAFT DELI DELUXE Process Bacon Cheddar Cheese Slices, 4 onion slices 12 inch thick, 4 hamburger buns, 14 cup KRAFT SANDWICH SHOP Horseradish Dijon Flavored Reduced Fat Mayonnaise], title: Bistro Burger, picturelink: null}, 18990: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a food processor or blender, grind cereal to a breadcrumblike consistency. Transfer crumbs to a large bowl.nTo the bowl, add oats, flour, sweetener, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, salt, and powdered creamer. Mix well and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, dissolve powdered creamer in 2 tablespoons hot water. Add all other wet ingredients pureed peaches, pumpkin, and egg substitute and stir until mixed well.nAdd liquid mixture to dry ingredients and stir until completely blended. Chop raisins and cranberries and stir into the batter, evenly distributing and making sure they dont all stick together.nSpray a large baking sheet with nonstick spray and spoon batter into 4 evenly spaced circles with a 2ounce ice cream scoop, if using. Spread batter out a bit with the back of a spoon.nBake in the oven until tops of treats are just slightly crispy, 12 to 14 minutes. Allow to cool slightly on the sheet. Grab n go, ingredients: [14 cup highfiber bran cereal twigs recommended: Fiber One Original, 12 cup oldfashioned oats, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons wholewheat flour, 14 cup granulated nocalorie sweetener recommended: Splenda, 2 tablespoons brown sugar not packed, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons sugarfree French vanilla powdered creamer, 13 cup pureed peaches, 14 cup canned pure pumpkin, 14 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, 1 tablespoon golden raisins, 1 tablespoon dried sweetened cranberries], title: Grab n Go Cookies, picturelink: sUhp8geBQLnD6PegavnEwYph5q6w1i}, 18991: {instructions: Whisk the sugar and the cornstarch together in a medium saucepan. Add the milk and whisk until smooth. Add the egg yolks, zest, and salt and cook, stirring frequently at first and constantly towards the end, over medium heat until thickened enough to thickly coat the back of a spoon.nRemove the pan from the heat and stir in the lemon juice and butter. Pour through a strainer into a large serving bowl or 4 individual serving dishes.nLet cool to room temperature. Chill, loosely covered, for at least 2 hours and up to 3 days, or until set and thoroughly chilled. Serve chilled., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 12 cups milk, 3 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest, Pinch salt, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: My Favorite Lemon Pudding, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 18992: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the water and salt to a boil. Stir in the oats and raisins, reduce the heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, uncovered, for 5 minutes.nIn the meantime, place nuts, if using, in a dry skillet over a mediumhigh flame, and toast, stirring frequently, until golden and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nWhen the oats are cooked remove pan from the flame and stir in the vanilla and nutmeg. Swirl in the brown sugar and place the oatmeal in serving bowls. Pour 14 cup of milk on top of each bowl, and top with toasted nuts and a sprinkle of cinnamon.nNote: For a quicker version using quick cooking or plain instant oatmeal: Cook the oatmeal according to the directions on the package. Stir raisins, brown sugar, and nutmeg into the cooked oatmeal. Top with milk, nuts toasted or untoasted and cinnamon., ingredients: [3 12 cups water, 14 teaspoon salt, optional, 2 cups oldfashioned oats, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped, optional, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch nutmeg, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, plus more, to taste, 1 cup lowfat milk, divided, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Vanilla Spice Oatmeal, picturelink: 7JSWCiL1zzdcDmnd4Fk6JkNgW6b9C4e}, 18993: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine butter, lime zest and juice, chili powder, garlic and salt and pepper and set aside.nCarefully peel back husk from the ear, without detaching from the bottom, remove silk from corn, fold the husk back around the ears and soak in water for 30 to 45 minutes. Make sure to weigh down the ears so that they are fully submerged.nPreheat a grill to medium, indirect heat. Remove ears from water, drain, open husk, dry ears with paper towel and spread butter mixture evenly on corn. Fold husk back over corn and grill, turning often, for 35 minutes change heat to mediumhigh for the last ten minutes of grilling. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ears corn, in husk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 1 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper], title: Chili Lime Corn on the Cob, picturelink: PrW4XQuWy7MsH5MpranQBm7q7OaPLO}, 18994: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large saucepan over medium heat, add the water and sugar and cook to caramelize the sugar, about 10 minutes. Add the butter and stir until melted. Take 4 large ramekins and pour caramel into bottoms and arrange 1 apple half, cut side down in the bottom of each ramekin. Take the remaining halves and cut them into 3 wedges so you can fill the gaps in the top of each ramekin to create a level surface on which the pastry will lie across. Sprinkle apples with some sugar. Roll the pastry out use a cookiecutter to cut out circles the size of the ramekins and place over the apples folding it in at the edges. Make 3 or 4 holes with a knife and 1 in the middle to let steam out when baking. Bake for 20 minutes and then let it rest for 15 minutes. It is important that you do this otherwise the apples will fall apart when you turn it over. Take a dinner plate and put it over each ramekin. Turn it over and slowly remove the ramekin. Serve lukewarm with store bought vanilla bean ice cream. , ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, split in 12, core removed, 1 sheet puff pastry, store bought, 2 cups store bought vanilla bean ice cream], title: DeepDish Apple Tarte Tatin, picturelink: wC58hAP3USMUjQsCxkED3E4xAbvZe1O}, 18995: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat add the anchovies. Cook the anchovies, stirring, until beginning to soften, about 1 minute. Stir in the butter, garlic and 14 cup parsley. Cook the anchovy mixture until the butter begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice. Add the stale bread and toss until coated with the anchovy mixture. Transfer the bread to a large rimmed baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool completely.nMeanwhile, combine the mayonnaise, tomato paste, tarragon, 14 cup water and the remaining 14 cup parsley in a blender. Blend until smooth transfer to a bowl and refrigerate until chilled, at least 30 minutes.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the shrimp, bay leaves and peppercorns add enough water to cover. Bring the water to a simmer and cook the shrimp just until pink, about 4 minutes. Fill a large bowl with ice water and set a medium bowl in the ice bath. Drain the shrimp and transfer the hot shrimp to the inner bowl. Cool the shrimp completely, and then peel and devein discard the shells and tails.nIn small glass jars, divide the lettuce and lime segments. Toss the mayonnaise mixture with the chilled shrimp in a bowl. Divide the shrimp among the jars. Top the shrimp mixture with the anchovy croutons. Serve chilled., ingredients: [6 anchovy fillets, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, divided, 2 tablespoons lemon juice from 1 lemon, 1 cup diced stale bread, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup tomato paste, 14 cup chopped fresh tarragon, 1 pound large, shellon shrimp 2630 size, 3 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 head iceburg lettuce, thinly sliced, 2 limes, peeled and cut into segments, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potted Shrimp Croutons with Tomato Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 18996: {instructions: Boil the taro in water for 1 hour or until tender. In another saucepan, combine remaining ingredients over low heat. Cover and let steep while the taro cooks. Drain the taro and transfer to a mixing bowl. Pass the infused milk through a sieve to remove the solids and add to the bowl of taro. Mash the taro as you would potatoes. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 pounds taro, peeled and cubed, 2 cups milk, 1 cup macadamia nuts, toasted and smashed, 1 stalk lemon grass, split, 2inch piece ginger root, 2inch piece galangal root, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Taro Infused with Lemon Grass and Ginger, picturelink: null}, 18997: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F and grease a 13 by 9inch baking dish. In a bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl or in a mixer, beat together the butter and sugar until light and creamy, then beat in the eggs and vanilla. Gently stir in the flour mixture, then the macadamia nuts. Mix until well blended and pour into the baking dish. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the dish comes out clean, about 35 minutes.nLet blondies cool in pan. To serve, cut into 9 large bars., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 34 cups firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 whole eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup chopped macadamia nuts], title: Monster Macadamia Nut Blondies, picturelink: null}, 18998: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the sherry, bourbon, vermouth and bitters to a cocktail shaker, add large ice and stir thoroughly. Taste for balance, then singlestrain into a coupe glass. Garnish with a cherry and serve., ingredients: [1 12 ounces dry Palo Cortado sherry, 1 ounce bourbon, such as Four Roses Single Barrel Bourbon, 12 ounce sweet vermouth, such as Dolin, 4 dashes cherry bitters, Highquality maraschino cherry, such as Luxardo, for garnish], title: Mouse Trap, picturelink: Ybw4bDKzrdf2YX2nbtPtsxASmjpGHK}, 18999: {instructions: Defrost the frozen broccoli and cauliflower in the microwave for approximately 5 minutes. They should come out still cold, but not icy.nToss broccoli and cauliflower with the ranch dressing and make sure that all pieces are evenly coated. Add the shredded Cheddar and bacon and mix well.nCover and refrigerate for 1 hour or as long as overnight.nThinly slice the green onions on an angle and sprinkle on top of the salad for garnish., ingredients: [1 16ounce bag frozen broccoli florets, 1 16ounce bag frozen cauliflower florets, 1 cup ranch dressing most brands have 1 gram of carbohydrates or less, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 5 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled, 3 scallions], title: Lizs Fast Fiesta Salad, picturelink: null}, 19000: {instructions: Heat a cast iron skillet directly over hot coals in a barbecue until smoky hot. Alternatively, heat the skillet on the stove over high heat until very hot. Sprinkle Cajun Spice on the fish, or, for a more robust flavor, dredge the fillets in the Cajun Spice, coating both sides of fish. When the pan is hot, pour approximately 2 tablespoons of clarified butter into pan, and reduce heat to mediumhigh. Carefully add as many fillets as will fit in the skillet, leaving at least 12inch in between each. Cook the fish for approximately 2 minutes on the first side, and then flip the fillets with a fish spatula. While flipping the fish, add another 1 to 2 tablespoons clarified butter to the pan, and sear the fish on the second side for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the fish is cooked through. Repeat with remaining fish fillets, adding more butter as needed.nServe the halibut on a bed of white or wild rice. Pour the Mango Chutney over the fish, and serve with a green salad on the side.nCombine all ingredients together in a bowl, stirring until well mixed. Set aside for dredging fish fillets.nAdd all ingredients to a medium nonreactive saucepan. Simmer over low heat for 30 minutes. Set aside, and keep chutney warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [6 halibut fillets, cut to 12 to 34inch thickness 12 pound to 1 pound per person, Cajun Spice, recipe follows, 1 stick butter, clarified, Mango Chutney, recipe follows, 2 to 3 teaspoons cayenne pepper, to taste, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 teaspoons garlic powder or granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 12 teaspoon ground thyme, 1 teaspoon ground pink or white pepper peppercorns, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons fresh ginger, minced, 2 to 4 fresh mangoes, chopped can substitute kiwi, peach or cantaloupe, 1 cup dried cranberries recommended: Craisins, 1 small lemon, zested, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup cider vinegar, Dash ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Blackened Chutney Halibut: Chutbut, picturelink: null}, 19001: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Stir the chutney, juice, mustard, and vinegar together in a small bowl. Arrange the bacon in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake the bacon until it begins to look opaque and the fat begins to render, 10 to 12 minutes. Pour off any accumulated drippings. Turn over the bacon and brush about 12 of the glaze on the bacon. Return the bacon to the oven and cook for 3 to 4 minutes longer. Remove the bacon from the oven and turn it over again. Brush it with the remaining glaze and return it to the oven for 3 to 5 minutes, until well browned and firm. With the glaze coating the bacon gets chewy and crunchy but stays short of crisp. If you want to drain the bacon, do it on a rack rather than on paper towels to avoid wiping off the glaze. Serve warm., ingredients: [13 cup mango chutney, any large chunks chopped, 14 cup apple juice or 3 tablespoons water with 1 tablespoon light or dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons yellow or brown mustard, 1 tablespoon white or cider vinegar, 12 thick slices bacon about 34 pound], title: Lacquered Bacon, picturelink: null}, 19002: {instructions: In a blender, place the strawberries, banana, and frozen lemonade. Fill the empty lemonade can halfway with rum, if using, and add it to the blender with the sugar and ice. Blend until well combined and slushy. Add the orange juice to thin the mixture if necessary, or more ice cubes to make it thicker.nDivide among 2 or 3 glasses. Garnish with a fresh strawberry and serve.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [5 ounces frozen strawberries, 12 banana, 1 6ounce can frozen lemonade, Coconut, banana or pineapple rum, optional, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, About 12 3 12 cups ice cubes, or as needed, Up to 12 cup fresh orange juice, Fresh strawberries, for garnish, optional], title: Strawberry Daiquiri, picturelink: null}, 19003: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nWith a sharp knife, carefully cut about four 12inch slits in the squash to allow steam to escape while it cooks. Put the squash on the prepared baking sheet and roast for about 1 12 hours. Let the squash cool for about 20 minutes on the baking sheet.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, with a fork, mash the butter, curry powder, shallots, cilantro, salt, lemon zest and pepper to taste until well combined.nCut the squash in half and use a spoon to scoop out the seeds. With a large fork, pull the squash fibers away from the outer peel use a towel to hold the squash in place if necessary. Transfer the warm squash to a serving bowl and top with the curry butter. Toss until the butter is melted and evenly mixed. Taste and season with more salt and pepper if necessary. Serve warm with the pine nuts scattered on top., ingredients: [1 spaghetti squash about 2 12 pounds, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons mild curry powder, 2 teaspoons minced shallots, 1 teaspoon minced fresh cilantro, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more if needed, Finely grated zest of 12 lemon, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup toasted pine nuts about 1 12 ounces], title: Roasted Spaghetti Squash with CurryShallot Butter, picturelink: seYPCUOK9kdVaaaTdiB3qLGwQcLu2cC}, 19004: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup. Cover and shake until mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Strain into a chilled Champagne coupe or flute. Top the drink with Champagne and serve with an edible flower or fresh currants.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat the sugarwater mixture in the microwave. Store the syrup in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 ounce gin, 12 ounce fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 5 ounces chilled Rose Champagne, Edible flowers or fresh currants, for serving], title: Rose 75, picturelink: null}, 19005: {instructions: In a soup pot melt butter and add onion, celery, leek, salt, and pepper. Cook vegetables for 5 minutes until translucent. Add curry powder and cook 2 minutes. In cheesecloth, combine bay leaf and thyme and tie to form an herb sachet. Add sachet of herbs to vegetables. Have stock simmering in saucepan. Add hot stock to vegetables, boil, reduce heat, and simmer for 20 minutes. Add peas and simmer for additional 10 minutes.nRemove sachet of herbs and discard. With immersion blender, puree soup or puree with care in batches in a conventional standing blender. Return soup and pot to heat, add creme fraiche, being careful not to allow soup to boil, reheat. Add mint and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sweet butter, 1 small onion, diced, 1 stalk celery, washed, diced, 1 leek, white only, washed, diced, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 quarts chicken stock, 3 pounds fresh peas, shelled, 1 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint], title: Fresh Pea Soup with Mint and Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 19006: {instructions: Berry mixture:nAdd 6 ounces raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, sugar, and lemon juice to medium bowl. Stir well to incorporate. Allow the berry mixture to sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPuree:nAdd 6 ounces of raspberries to a food processor along with 2 tablespoons sugar. Puree until smooth. Remove the raspberry puree to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and let chill in the refrigerator.nWhipped cream:nWhip the heavy cream with a hand mixer until frothy and thick. Add the sugar and continue to beat until medium peaks appear. Gently fold in the raspberry puree until blended.nTo serve, add a spoonful of the heavy cream to the bottom of an old fashioned glass, top with a spoonful of fruit, and sprinkle with a handful of granola. Repeat the layering once more. Top with a small spoonful of the cream and a few berries on top. Repeat with the remaining glasses and ingredients., ingredients: [6 ounces frozen raspberries, thawed, 6 ounces frozen blueberries, thawed, 6 ounces frozen blackberries, thawed, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 ounces frozen raspberries, thawed, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Neelys Berry Parfait, picturelink: null}, 19007: {instructions: Pop the corn and place in a bowl. Place butter and spices in a small cup or bowl and place in microwave oven and melt, 10 to 15 seconds on high. Stir and pour mixture over the popped corn. Sprinkle the corn with cheese and serve., ingredients: [1 sack reduced fat natural flavor microwave popcorn, cooked to package directions, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon garlic powder or granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 13 cup grated Parmigiano, eyeball it], title: Zippy Italian Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 19008: {instructions: Wash and scrub clams well to remove exterior sand then place in a large soup pot with boiling water. Add garlic and 2 bay leaves. Cover and steam over medium heat for 5 to 10 minutes until the clams open. Discard any that do not open. Remove clams from shells, roughly chop, and set aside. Strain the broth through cheesecloth as an added precaution to remove any grit.nMelt butter in the soup pot, saute potatoes, celery and onion for 5 minutes until soft and well coated. Add salt pork, thyme, and remaining bay leaves. Make a roux by sprinkling in flour and stirring until dissolved. Add the reserved clam broth, bring to a boil, stirring constantly to avoid lumps. Continue to simmer, stirring, for 15 minutes until thickened.nAdd the chopped clams, bottled clam juice and sea salt. Pour in the cream and milk, cover, and cook until heated through. Add the fish fillets and continue to simmer another 5 minutes until the fish is opaque. Season with salt and pepper.nServe with oyster crackers or crusty bread., ingredients: [2 dozen hardshell clams, such as quahog, 1 quart water, 2 garlic cloves, 4 bay leaves, divided, 12 cup unsalted butter, 2 cups potatoes, peeled and cubed, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 2 inch strip salt pork, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, 13 cup flour, 2 ounces bottled clam juice, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups milk, 4 pounds fish fillets, such as flounder, cut in 1inch pieces], title: New England Fish Chowda, picturelink: null}, 19009: {instructions: Melt the butter over medium heat in a large skillet with a tightfitting lid. Add the spaghetti and toast until deep golden in color and very nuttysmelling. Add the rice and stir for a minute. Season with some salt and pepper, add 3 12 cups of the stock and bring to a low boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the rice is just tender, about 18 minutes add extra stock as necessary if the pan gets too dry. Fluff the pilaf with a fork. Mix in the currants, pignoli, chives and parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup broken spaghetti, 1 12 cups longgrain white rice, Salt and pepper, 3 12 to 4 cups chicken stock, 14 cup dried currants, 14 cup pignoli pine nuts, toasted, 12 bunch fresh chives, chopped, 12 bunch fresh parsley, chopped], title: Rice Pilaf, picturelink: JbDnzjkH1dtnwIM2X9Ou5GPVXcnKYK}, 19010: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the sugar, butter, honey, and whipping cream in a saucepan. Bring ingredients to a boil. Remove from heat and add the almonds, candied orange rind, bread flour, vanilla, and salt. Mix all ingredients.nSpoon mixture by tablespoons, 3 inches apart, onto a greased or paperlined pan.nBake for 10 minutes. Roll cooled Florentines into desired shapes., ingredients: [5 ounces sugar, 5 ounces butter, 1 12 ounces honey, 1 34 ounces whipping cream, 6 ounces almonds, finely chopped, 1ounce candied orange rind, chopped, 34ounce bread flour, 12ounce vanilla, 14ounce salt, Pastry cream, optional, see Cooks Note, Melted Chocolate, optional, see Cooks Note], title: Florentines, picturelink: null}, 19011: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nButter a 9by13inch glass baking dish. Set aside.nBring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Rub the cut sides of the artichokes with the lemon halves. Squeeze the juice from the lemon halves into the water and add the lemon shells. Add the artichoke halves, cover and cook until just tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain in a colander, stem sides facing upwards, to allow any excess water to drain out from the leaves.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the garlic and discard. Remove the pan from the heat and let the oil cool slightly. Whisk in the anchovy paste until smooth. Return the pan to the heat and place the artichokes, cutside down, in the pan. Cook for 6 minutes. Turn the artichokes over and cook until tender, 6 minutes longer. Remove the artichokes and reserve the pan juices.nPreheat a broiler. Arrange the artichokes, cutside up, in the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle with the salt, pepper, olives and capers. Mix together the cheese and breadcrumbs in a small bowl and sprinkle on top. Spoon the reserved pan juices over the breadcrumbs. Broil until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [2 large or 3 medium 10ounce artichokes, trimmed, thorns removed, halved lengthwise and chokes removed, 1 large lemon, halved, Butter, for greasing the baking dish, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, 3 tablespoons anchovy paste, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup medium black olives, pitted and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 34 cup plain breadcrumbs], title: Nonnas Artichokes, picturelink: PURoMB85MWsW4GecXr4vfZenfxG7Lva}, 19012: {instructions: In a very large skillet set over mediumhigh heat, heat the oil. Add the ground turkey, garlic powder, onion powder and paprika, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook, breaking up the turkey with a wooden spoon, until browned through, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, bell peppers and onions, and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the vegetables soften, about 5 minutes.nAdd the tomatoes, tomato puree, ketchup, brown sugar, mustard, vinegar and Worcestershire sauce. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium low and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce thickens, 10 to 15 minutes.nTo serve, divide the meat mixture among the toasted potato rolls., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 pounds ground turkey, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 5 cloves garlic, grated, 2 green bell peppers, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, One 14ounce can tomato puree, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 24 small potato rolls, lightly toasted], title: Sloppy Jane Sliders, picturelink: dKIFn8jg6ylBQ9zUB9.b4iaLjbyrajm}, 19013: {instructions: Place the egg yolks, sugar, and vanilla extract in the bowl of a mixer fitted with the whip attachment, and whip on high speed until very light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Gently fold in the melted white chocolate set aside. Place the cream in a large bowl and whisk just until the cream starts to thicken, then gently fold in the egg yolk mixture and the candied ginger. Place the egg whites in the clean bowl of a mixer fitted with the whip attachment, and whip on high speed until they just hold soft peaks. Gently fold the whites into the egg yolk mixture. Transfer the mixture to a covered container and freeze for at least 2 hours. Scoop and serve with fresh berries and mint sprigs., ingredients: [5 eggs, separated, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 6 ounces white chocolate, melted, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon minced candied ginger, Fresh berries, as accompaniment, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: White Chocolate Semifreddo, picturelink: null}, 19014: {instructions: In a small bowl, pour 1 cup of warm water over the raisins and let sit for a few minutes. Drain. In a medium bowl, toss pears with lemon juice to prevent oxidization. Put in separate containers. When ready to serve, combine the raisins, grapes, and pears in a large bowl and pour the Pazzo Marinade over them. Toss until fruit is fully coated. Gently crush the biscotti into 4 serving bowls. Spoon fruit on top, reserving the marinade. Drizzle with the reserved marinade, and serve immediately.nIn a bowl, combine ingredients and mix well to incorporate. Let stand for 15 minutes. When ready to use, stir again to incorporate all the sugar., ingredients: [12 cup white raisins, 2 Bosc pears, cored and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 pound Concord or Muscat grapes, halved and seeded, 13 cup Pazzo Marinade, recipe follows, 4 biscotti, 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup superfine sugar, Pinch gray salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Harvest Pazzo, picturelink: null}, 19015: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly butter a 9 x 5 inch loaf pannIn a mixing bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, pinch of salt and spices. In another mixing bowl cream butter and sugar until light. Add honey, eggs, 1 by 1, orange zest and juice. Fold wet ingredients into dry ingredients. Add carrots and raisins to batter and transfer it to prepared loaf pan and bake in middle of oven for 45 minutes or until a toothpick when inserted in center comes out dry. Rest on a rack for 15 minutes turn out, cool on a rack., ingredients: [1 34 cups all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, Salt, 14 teaspoon each ground cinnamon, nutmeg and ginger, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup honey, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 14 cup orange juice, Generous cup of grated peeled carrots, 12 cup raisins], title: Carrot Bread, picturelink: null}, 19016: {instructions: Bring liquids to a boil. Stir in grits. Add butter. Cook at simmer until thickened. At end, stir in corn., ingredients: [2 cups water, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup yellow grits, 12 pound butter, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 ear grilled corn, kernels removed], title: Zea Grits, picturelink: null}, 19017: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees.nCombine liquids in a large pot and heat but do not boil.nMix the oats, wheat germ, sunflower seeds, walnuts, and almonds in a large bowl and slowly pour the dry mix into the hot liquid. Stir with a large spoon to combine well and then pour the mixture into a large roasting pan and place in the oven. Toast the mixture for 1 hour, stirring often to prevent burning.nRemove from the oven and add the raisins. Allow to cool throughly before transferring to an airtight storage container. This will keep for 4 weeks when properly stored., ingredients: [1 cup water, 12 cup canola oil, 12 cup pineapple juice, 1 cup honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups rolled oats, 1 cup wheat germ, 12 cup sunflower seeds, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup chopped almonds, 1 cup raisins], title: Homemade Granola, picturelink: null}, 19018: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 2inch mini brioche tins 8 3inch mini brioche tins 1 24 count cupcake tin 24 white cupcake liners Pastry bag, or resealable zip top bags Round pastry tip number 804 or similar 4 store bought rectangular petit fours lavender in color Purple flowered cupcake paper covers Small 3 tiered silver dessert stand Sprigs lavender, fresh or dried Edible glitter available at craft and baking supply storesnPreheat the oven to 450 degrees. Spray the mini brioche tins with nonstick cooking spray. Lightly dust with flour and place on a sheet tray. Line cupcake tin with white paper liners.nPrepare the cake mix according to package instructions, substituting the buttermilk for the water in recipe. Fill the brioche tins and cupcakes 23 of the way to the top. You should get about 18 cupcakes. Bake, rotating pans halfway, until tops are golden and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Brioche tins will take about 8 to 10 minutes, cupcakes will take 12 to 15 minutes.nRemove from the oven and cool 5 minutes before unmolding and cooling completely on a wire cooling rack.nTo make the poured icing for mini fluted cakes: Combine 12 cup confectioners sugar with enough lemon juice to form a thin glaze about the consistency of syrup. Dye with equal amounts of red and blue food coloring until the desired lavender color is reached. Place the cakes upside down on a cooling rack fitted inside a sheet tray. Pour the icing over the top of the cakes, allowing it to drip down the sides and completely coat the cake. Allow to set up.nMeanwhile, mix enough of the confectioners sugar 14 to 13 cup for the icing to thicken it should be about the consistency of pancake batter. Add an additional drop or 2 of each food coloring to deepen the color. Place the icing in a small zip top bag and snip the corner. Pipe just over the top of the fluted cake, allowing it to drip down the sides.nTo make the frosting for the cupcakes, combine the can of vanilla frosting with enough of the remaining confectioners sugar to stiffen slightly and allow the frosting hold a shape when piped. Color with equal amounts of red and blue food coloring to the desired lavender color. Place in a pastry bag or a resealable zip top bag fitted with a round pastry tip. Put 12 cupcakes into lavender cupcake covers. Pipe the frosting on top, holding the tip just above surface of the cupcake and raising slightly as you squeeze to form a ball of frosting.nTo assemble: Place the cupcakes evenly spaced on the largest bottom tier and top each with a small sprig of lavender. On the middle tier arrange the fluted cakes evenly. On the top tier place 4 store bought petit fours. Once on the table, sprinkle the whole stand with edible glitter., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, Flour, for dusting, 1 18.2ounce box vanilla cake mix, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 1 16ounce can vanilla frosting, 2 cups confectioners sugar, divided, 1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Red and blue food coloring], title: Tablescape Center Piece Mini Cakes Three Ways, picturelink: S4IYRzqZ56w1dVZD2l8oe1MTjcfxCr2}, 19019: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 cupcake baking pans with paper liners.nSift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a bowl set aside. Beat the sugar, butter and pureed avocado until completely combined in the bowl of a stand mixer. Beat in the vanilla, then beat in the eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition.nBeat in the buttermilk with the mixer on low speed until just combined. Add the flour mixture. Once all the flour is incorporated, increase the mixing speed to medium and beat for 20 seconds longer. Be careful not to overmix.nDivide the batter among the pans and bake until golden on top and a wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool in the pans on wire racks for 10 minutes before inverting, removing papers and cooling completely.nFor the buttercream frosting: Beat the powdered sugar and egg whites for about 5 minutes on mediumhigh speed using an electric mixer. Puree the avocado and lime juice in a food processor. Add the butter to the whites mixture and beat until very creamy, about 10 minutes, then add the avocado and lime juice and mix well.nFor the streusel: Cream together the butter, sugar and almond paste using an electric mixer. Add the vanilla and cinnamon and mix well. Add the flour and toasted oats in batches until large crumbs start forming.nFor the caramelized bananas: Make a dry caramel by pouring the sugar in an even layer into a heavybottomed saucepan. Heat over medium heat until the caramel starts to melt, gently pushing the sugar towards the center. Continue cooking, stirring only very occasionally, until the caramel turns a dark copper, taking care that the caramel doesnt burn. Transfer to a bowl, stir in the bananas until coated and caramelized, and then stir in the butter, cream and cinnamon.nFor assembly: Remove the centers of the cupcakes using a melon baller and fill with the caramelized bananas. Pipe the avocadolime frosting on top, sprinkle with the oats streusel and garnish with lime zest on top., ingredients: [2 14 cups sifted cake flour sifted before measuring, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons organic unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 ripe, fresh organic avocado, pureed in a food processor or blender until smooth, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large organic eggs, 1 cup lowfat organic buttermilk, 8 ounces powdered sugar, 14 cup pasteurized egg whites, 1 ripe, fresh organic avocado, peeled and pitted, Juice of 1 whole organic lime, 1 pound organic unsalted butter, 2 14 ounces organic unsalted butter, 2 14 ounces brown sugar, 12 ounce almond paste, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 3 12 ounces toasted oats cereal, 3 ripe organic bananas, cut into 14inch cubes, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 teaspoons soft unsalted butter, 3 teaspoons organic heavy cream, Pinch organic cinnamon, Lime zest, for garnish], title: Avocado, Caramelized Banana Cupcake, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 19020: {instructions: Rinse, halve and stone the peaches. Puree 2 of the peach halves in a food processor. Place the puree in a bowl and add the sugar, crushed macaroons and the egg yolk. Cover each peach half with this filling and place the peach halves in a buttered baking dish. Sprinkle the remaining butter over the peaches and bake at 350 degrees for about 45 minutes. Serve hot or cold, with or without heavy cream., ingredients: [6 ripe peaches, 13 cup sugar, 8 Italian macaroons, such as Amaretti di Saronno, crushed, 1 egg yolk, 4 tablespoons butter, Heavy cream, optional], title: Pesche alla Piemontese Stuffed Peaches from Piemonte, picturelink: null}, 19021: {instructions: Brown the ground beef with onions, garlic, and chili powder. Mix all other ingredients in large stock pot and add browned beef mixture. Season with cinnamon, to taste. Simmer chili until flavors are incorporated., ingredients: [5 pounds ground beef, 2 onions, chopped, 13 cup granulated garlic, 38 cup 6 tablespoons chili powder, 54 ounces tomato soup, 54 ounces water, 9 ounces condensed crushed tomatoes, 9 ounces crushed tomatoes, 2 12 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon cayenne, Cinnamon], title: Johnny O Chili, picturelink: null}, 19022: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees FnPlace the ginger snaps in a food processor and grind to a fine powder. Add the egg white, butter, sugar, molasses, and salt and puree until smooth.nSpread the mixture over a sheet pan lined with a silicon mat or parchment paper. Bake in the oven for 7 to 9 minutes until set. Remove from the oven, allow to cool and then break into pieces.nFill 2 chilled float glasses 14 of the way with stout and add 2 scoops of ice cream per glass. Add a tablespoon of honey to each, top with the remaining stout and garnish with a piece of the tuile., ingredients: [16 gingersnaps, 1 egg white, 12 stick butter, room temperature, 13 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons molasses, Pinch salt, 2 bottles stout recommended: Guinness, 4 scoops vanilla ice cream, 2 tablespoons orange blossom honey], title: Stout Float with Orange Blossom Honey and Gingersnap Tuile, picturelink: rPe2y1i5DcL5bPnsqS.Fqu7lKVH9bhi}, 19023: {instructions: Put the tomato slices in a large glass container or pitcher. Add the vodka make sure it covers the tomatoes and a pinch of salt let infuse 6 to 12 hours at room temperature. Strain the vodka, then chill until ready to serve.nMeanwhile, prick the grape tomatoes with a skewer toss with the balsamic vinegar in a bowl and marinate 4 hours at room temperature.nDrain the grape tomatoes, reserving the vinegar. Bring the vinegar to a boil in a nonreactive saucepan over medium heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until syrupy, about 20 minutes let cool.nFor each drink, drizzle some of the balsamic syrup into the bottom of a chilled martini glass. Muddle 2 to 3 basil leaves with a splash of tomatoinfused vodka in a cocktail shaker. Add another 1 12 ounces tomatoinfused vodka and 1 cup ice shake and strain into the glass. Skewer 2 marinated grape tomatoes, 2 basil leaves and a mozzarella ball on a cocktail pick and set in the martini.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 pound tomatoes, sliced 14 inch thick, 1 12 cups vodka half of a 750ml bottle, Kosher salt, 16 grape tomatoes, 2 cups balsamic vinegar, 12 bunch basil, 8 small mozzarella balls bocconcini], title: Caprese Martinis, picturelink: 2hiC39X9Jjz.XiCZtEcMVvoYR2Lz0Pq}, 19024: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 wooden skewers, soaked in cold water for 30 minutesnIn a large heavy bowl, or mortar and pestle, combine the chiles and garlic with a spoon, pressing down gently to break them down slightly. Add the papaya and mix, again pressing down to soften the shreds. Add the carrots and crab or shrimp and toss. Add the sugar, salt, fish sauce, and lime juice and toss well. Add the cherry tomatoes and toss to combine. Set aside.nPreheat grill. Using a sharp knife, cut through the shell to make a slit down the back of each prawn, leaving the shell on. Thread 2 prawns onto each skewer. Brush the prawns with oil and place on the hot grill. Grill for 1 to 2 minutes per side, or until just cooked through.nTransfer the salad to a serving platter or individual plates, top with the grilled prawns, and garnish with lime wedges., ingredients: [2 serrano chiles, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large green, unripe papaya, peeled and shredded or substitute cucumbers, 1 carrot, peeled and shredded, 14 cup crushed fermented crab, or dried shrimp, 1 teaspoon palm sugar or brown sugar, Salt, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, Juice of 12 lime, plus 1 lime quartered for garnish, 6 cherry tomatoes, quartered, 8 jumbo shrimp, in the shell, Oil for brushing shrimp], title: Green Papaya Salad with Grilled Prawns, picturelink: null}, 19025: {instructions: Cook 1 12 cups macaroni as the label directs drain and return to the pot. Stir in 2 cups shredded cheddar, 1 cup milk, 13 cup each grated parmesan and sour cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon flour and 12 teaspoon each dijon mustard, hot sauce and kosher salt. Transfer to a buttered 1 12quart baking dish top with more cheddar and parmesan. Bake at 400 degrees F, 15 minutes, then broil until golden, 2 minutes.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Baked Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 19026: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and thyme and cook until the shallots are translucent, about 7 minutes season with salt and pepper. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until brown and tender, about 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, season the fish with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in another large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the fish, skinside down, and cook until the skin is crisp, 3 to 4 minutes transfer to a plate. Add the wine to the skillet and scrape up any browned bits with a wooden spoon. Boil over high heat until syrupy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the cream and simmer to thicken slightly, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nPour the cream sauce over the mushrooms in the skillet, then add the fish, skinside up. Simmer until the fish is just firm and translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Garnish with parsley, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 large shallots, thinly sliced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 10 ounces white mushrooms, trimmed and quartered, 4 6ounce skinon striped bass fillets about 1 inch thick, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup dry white wine, 34 cup heavy cream, Chopped fresh parsley or chives, for garnish optional], title: Striped Bass with Mushrooms, picturelink: 2xKB.sWhOCh6SvOqC7GifnecTubI336}, 19027: {instructions: Pound pork pieces between 2 pieces of plastic wrap to 14inch thick with a rolling pin.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until just smoking. Season pork on both sides with salt and pepper. Add meat to pan, and cook until browned. There will be a release of juices on the surface of the meat after it has been turned. Transfer meat to a platter, and keep warm. Pour off any excess fat from skillet, and discard. Meanwhile, heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nReturn skillet to heat, add the shallot, and cook for about 1 minute. Remove skillet from heat, and deglaze with cognac. Return skillet to stove, and carefully ignite with a match. When flames subside, add chicken stock and mustard reduce to thicken, 1 to 2 minutes. Add heavy cream, tomato, basil, and salt and pepper,to taste. Cook until heated through, about 1 minute. Remove from heat, and serve sauce over pork.nMeanwhile, toss radicchio with remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Place on preheated grill pan, turning as it begins to color. Remove from grill pan, drizzle with balsamic vinegar, and serve with pork scaloppine.nPlace peppercorns, dill, parsley, bay leaves, leeks, carrots, celery, chicken, wings, and backs into a large stockpot. Add stock and 6 cups cold water. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a very gentle simmer, and cook for 45 minutes. Liquid should just bubble up to the surface. A skin will form on the surface of the liquid skim this off with a slotted spoon, and discard. Repeat as needed. After 45 minutes, remove chicken from the pot, and set aside until it is cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones, set the meat aside, and return the bones to the pot. Shred the chicken, and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use. Continue to simmer the stock, on the lowest heat possible, for 3 hours, skimming as needed. The chicken bones will begin to disintegrate. Strain the stock through a fine sieve into a very large bowl. Discard the solids. Place the bowl in an ice bath, and let cool to room temperature. Transfer to airtight containers. Stock may be refrigerated for 3 days or frozen for 4 months. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight. If storing, leave fat layer intact to the seal the stock. Before using, remove the layer of fat that has collected on the surface.nYield: 5 quarts, ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pork tenderloin, about 10 to 14 ounces, cut into 4 pieces, crosswise, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon cognac, 14 cup Homemade Chicken Stock, recipe follows or canned lowsodium chicken broth, skimmed of fat, 1 tablespoon grainy mustard, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons finely chopped plum tomato, 1 tablespoon finely chopped basil, 2 heads radicchio, quartered, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 6 sprigs fresh dill or 2 teaspoons dried dill, 6 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 leeks, washed, white and palegreen parts only, cut into 13, 2 carrots, scrubbed, cut into 13, 2 stalks celery, cut into 13, 1 4pound chicken, cut into 6 pieces, 1 12 pounds chicken wings, 1 12 pounds chicken backs, 2 48ounce cans lowsodium chicken broth, about 12 cups, 6 cups cold water], title: Pork Scaloppine with Tomato Basil Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19028: {instructions: Prepare the grapefruit. Juice one grapefruit into a liquid measure. On the second grapefruit, slice the bottom and top to level it, then starting at the top where the white pith ends and the pink flesh begins, cut between the 2 layers at an angle from the top to bottom all the way around to remove the skin and expose the flesh, making sure to slice off all the pithy white parts. Holding the grapefruit in one hand, release the wedges by using the knife to slice on either side of each segment.nPlace these wedges in a medium saute pan. Squeeze the remaining flesh and membranes of the grapefruit to release any juice into a bowl. Add the sugar and honey. Whisk to combine, then taste. If needed, add a teaspoon or more brown sugar to take away the tart of the grapefruit. Pour half of the mixture into a saute pan with the grapefruit wedges. Bring to a simmer and cook until liquid is reduced and slightly thickened, about 8 minutes.nTo the remaining half add the oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and a few grinds of black pepper. Whisk to combine and pour into a plastic bag. Add the chicken, seal and toss a bit before resting on the counter for 25 to 30 minutes. Cooks Note: Any longer and the acid in the grapefruit juice will cook the chicken in the marinade and ruin it.nHeat a grill pan to medium high and brush lightly with oil. Remove the chicken from the plastic bag and shake off the excess marinade. Place the smoothside down on the grill and cook 2 to 3 minutes, then flip and cook 2 minutes more. Remove to a serving plate and pour the grapefruit sauce over the top., ingredients: [2 pink grapefruits, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, sliced in half horizontally], title: Grapefruit Grilled Chicken, picturelink: 2RfuiR6dlxz0eS59xFpZZYCAXRpCML2}, 19029: {instructions: In a large bowl, add the strawberries and 14 cup of the sugar and mix together. Let macerate for at least 30 minutes.nSprinkle 14 cup of the sugar on the bottom of the pie crust and pour the macerated strawberries on top. Pat down, so the berries come just to the edges. Sprinkle the remaining 14 cup sugar on top of the strawberries. Cover with whipped cream and use a spatula to smooth., ingredients: [4 cups fresh strawberries, hulled and thinly sliced, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 1 homemade pie crust or storebought pie crust, prebaked, 2 cups whipped cream], title: Strawberry Pie, picturelink: GZCNIQHU77LYss.jPnMZiN7rR65PlWy}, 19030: {instructions: Put all the ingredients in a blender and puree until smooth. Pour into a glass or glasses and serve., ingredients: [1 to 2 cups cream or halfandhalf, 1 cup plain yogurt, 14 cup honey, 12 cup dried, pitted dates, roughly chopped, Grated nutmeg], title: Date Shake, picturelink: null}, 19031: {instructions: Whip the cream in a chilled bowl until semistiff. Add confectioners sugar and whip until stiff. Refrigerate. Puree raspberries in a food processor, then pass them through a sieve fold this into the whipped cream and reserve until later.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Butter 412 cup capacity ramekins and lightly dust the insides with sugar set aside.nIn a small saucepan, combine the semisweet and unsweetened chocolates with the milk. Melt over low heat, stirring constantly. The minute the chocolates are melted, remove the saucepan from the heat and transfer the melted chocolate to a small bowl and cool to room temperature.nWhip the egg whites with a pinch of salt until they are soft. Add the granulated sugar and whip until stiff but not dry. Whisk the yolks into the cooled melted chocolate. Fold 14 of the whites into the chocolate mixture to lighten it, then fold the lightened chocolate mixture back int the egg whites. Spoon the mixture into the ramekins and bake for 10 to 12 minutes. The souffles should remain moist in the center.nTo serve, bring the souffles to the table and serve raspberry cream on the side. Each diner should break the souffle open with a spoon and add raspberry cream in the center, ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 cups frozen raspberries IQF, thawed, 2 teaspoons butter for greasing ramekins, 1 tablespoon sugar for ramekins, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1ounce unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped, 14 cup whole milk, 3 large egg whites, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 large egg yolks], title: Flourless Chocolate Souffle with Raspberry Cream, picturelink: null}, 19032: {instructions: Blanch the tomatoes in boiling salted water for 30 seconds. Remove tomatoes and shock them in an ice bath. Peel tomatoes, reserving 12 of 1 of the tomatoes. Dice the reserved tomato and set aside.nUsing a blender or food processor, puree the tomatoes, the celery and the cucumber until mixture has reached a liquid. Strain puree through a fine mesh strainer. Season to taste with salt, pepper, cayenne, extravirgin olive oil, honey, and hot red pepper sauce. Chill finished tomato soup until cold.nIn a small to medium sized mixing bowl whisk together the mustard, vinegar, salt, pepper, and grapeseed oil. Add the tuna, the reserved diced tomatoes, capers, shallots, parsley, and chives, mixing all ingredients together. Taste for seasoning, and adjust if necessary. Set aside in a cold place. Using 4 small chilled bowls, place equal sized towers of Ahi tartar in the center of each bowl. Whisk or blend the chilled soup and pour about 2 ounces of soup around the tower of tartar, garnish with a sprig of parsley or caviar. Serve., ingredients: [5 medium Early Girl tomatoes, 1 celery stalk, 1 cucumber, peeled and seeded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pinch cayenne, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 drop honey, optional, 1 drop hot red pepper sauce, optional, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 13 cup grapeseed oil, 3 ounces fresh sushi grade ahi tuna, diced, 1 teaspoon capers, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 2 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Caviar, optional], title: Chilled Early Girl Tomato Soup with Ahi Tuna Tartare, picturelink: null}, 19033: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the parsnips and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook, turning occasionally, 6 to 8 minutes. Then add the carrots and continue cooking until the vegetables begin to brown and soften slightly, another 10 minutes.nAdd the butter and thyme to the vegetables and continue cooking until the vegetables are glazed, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, sprinkle with the parsley and serve warm., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds parsnips, peeled and quartered lengthwise, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds thin carrots, peeled and halved lengthwise, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Sauteed Parsnips and Carrots, picturelink: XLocMrHJ7lYM1JQ5JdsvYULoVnJaswO}, 19034: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt 3 tablespoons of the butter in a 10inch ovenproof omelet pan over mediumlow heat. Add the potatoes and saute them for 10 to 15 minutes, until lightly browned and cooked through, turning often. Melt the remaining 5 tablespoons of butter in a small dish in the microwave.nMeanwhile, whisk the eggs in a very large bowl, then stir in the ricotta, Gruyere, milk, melted butter, salt, pepper and basil. Combine the flour and baking powder in a small bowl and stir into the egg mixture.nPour the egg mixture over the potatoes and place the pan in the center of the oven. Bake the frittata for 50 to 60 minutes, until it is puffed and browned on top and a knife inserted in the middle comes out clean. Serve hot or warm.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, divided, 2 cups peeled and 12inch diced Yukon Gold potatoes 1 pound, 8 extralarge eggs, 15 ounces fresh ricotta cheese, 34 pound Gruyere cheese, grated, 13 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder], title: PotatoBasil Frittata, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 19035: {instructions: Season both sides of the brisket with Dry Rub and place in pan. Mix the lemon juice and water, and pour over the brisket. Let stand overnight in the refrigerator. Remove the brisket from the pan, reserving the marinade. Cook the brisket in a preheated 250 degree oven, 1 hour per pound. Baste with marinade and cover. Continue to cook the brisket at 250 degrees for another 1 12 hours or until tender.nMix all ingredients together and generously sprinkle on brisket prior to cooking., ingredients: [1 7 pound beef brisket, Dry Rub, recipe follows, 13 cup lemon juice, 13 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup salt, 4 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoons cayenne powder], title: Barbecue Brisket, picturelink: null}, 19036: {instructions: Pour brandy over nectarines and soak for about 30 minutes.nFor the lemon cream: Pour the milk and heavy cream into a heavy bottomed saucepot and add vanilla and lemon liqueur. Add half the sugar to the pot and bring to a simmer just below a boil. In a small bowl whisk together the egg yolks and the rest of the sugar and temper it by adding a small amount of the heated milk mixture to the bowl while whisking constantly known as a liaison. Now pour the liaison egg mixture into the milk pot, stirring constantly. You are only heating it. Do not boil. Do not cook. The idea of a liaison is to incorporate the eggs and avoid making them into scrambled eggs You want the mixture to begin to thicken so it will coat the back of a spoon. Remove from heat and whisk in lemon zest, and allow to cool, then remove vanilla pod and discard, and refrigerate until chilled.nPlace nectarines cut side up in a pan and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar. Spoon brandy around nectarines, cover and heat nectarines and brandy briefly. Then remove cover and spoon warmed brandy over nectarines.  Remove from the heat and ignite with a long match to flambe. Alternatively, you can grill the brandy soaked nectarines until they begin to caramelize. Allow nectarines to cool to room temperature.nPlace 2 nectarines on each serving dish, and top with lemon cream and blackberries., ingredients: [12 cup brandy, 6 nectarines, skin left on, halved, pit removed, 1 tablespoon sugar, to flambe, 12 cup milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 vanilla pod or 3 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon lemon liqueur or 3 teaspoons lemon extract recommended: Limoncello, 14 cup sugar, for lemon cream, 4 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 pint blackberries], title: 19th Hole Nectarines with Lemon Cream, picturelink: 369s1PVZqdawXmhGbH.H7UveQWFdm}, 19037: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the top off the head of garlic, exposing the cloves. Place on a sheet of foil, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Wrap up the garlic tightly and roast until soft, 20 to 30 minutes let cool slightly. Squeeze out the roasted garlic.nMeanwhile, drizzle a baking sheet with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add the carrots and rutabagas, season with salt and pepper and toss. Roast until the veggies are tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nCombine the beans, lemon zest and juice, thyme, roasted garlic and the remaining 1 12 tablespoons olive oil in a food processor or blender. Pulse until nice and creamy. Season with salt and pepper. If the dip is too thick, blend in some of the liquid from the beans or use lowsodium vegetable broth. Transfer to a bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Serve with the roasted vegetable sticks and pita chips.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 head garlic, 2 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 to 8 medium carrots, peeled and cut into sticks, 2 to 3 rutabagas, peeled and cut into sticks, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans drained and rinsed, liquid reserved, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, plus 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Pita chips, for serving], title: Roasted Garlic Bean Dip, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 19038: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Wash potatoes and poke 2 or 3 vent holes in each with a fork. Bake potatoes in oven until done, about 1 hour. Poke with a fork and if fork goes in easily they are done. Remove potatoes from oven and allow to cool for 10 minutes. Slice potatoes in 12 lengthwise and scoop pulp into mixing bowl being careful not to break skin. Mash potatoes with butter, cheese, milk, and chives. Tastetest and adjust seasoning if necessary with salt and pepper. Spoon mashed potatoes back into skins and place in a 9 by 13inch dish. Return to oven and heat thoroughly., ingredients: [4 large baking potatoes, 1 stick butter, 1 cup grated Cheddar cheese, 34 cup milk, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, optional, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Stuffed Baked Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 19039: {instructions: In a mixing bowl combine the crumbs, clams and pimiento. Season with some salt and pepper. Stir the yolks into the batter and moisten with enough milk to make a heavy batter.nWhip the egg whites until stiff and fold them into the mixture. Drop the batter by spoonfuls onto a nonstick skillet and cook until browned on both sides. Serve over an arugula or sliced tomato salad., ingredients: [1 12 cups cracker crumbs, 1 cup minced clams, drained, 2 tablespoons minced pimiento, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, separated, Milk], title: Clam Fritters, picturelink: null}, 19040: {instructions: Heat oil in a heavy frying pan to 325 degrees F. Add the plantain quarters in 3 batches and fry until soft, about 2 minutes per side, turning once. Transfer to a paper towelline plate with a slotted spoon to drain. Repeat with the remaining plantains.nHeat the oil to 375 degrees F. Using a tostone maker, tortilla press, meat pounder or other heavy object, flatten each plantain slice until 18 inch thick. Fry the tostones until crisp and golden brown, about 1 minute per side. Drain on paper towels. Sprinkle immediately with salt.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste.nPlace avocados, chipotle and lime juice in a medium bowl and mash with a fork until almost smooth, but some texture remains. Add the creme fraiche and fold until almost combined should have a marbled appearance and season with salt and pepper to tastenAssemble:nPlace a heaping tablespoon of salmon tartar in the center of each tostones and top with a teaspoon of avocadochipotle relish. Garnish with cilantro leaf. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 green plantains, quartered crosswise and peeled, 3 cups peanut or canola oil, Kosher salt, Cilantro leaves, 1 lb salmon, cut into 14 thick dice, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon pureed canned chipotles, 14 cup capers, drained, 14 cup finely chopped scallions, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 Haas avocados, peeled and pitted, 1 tablespoon pureed canned chipotles, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons creme fraiche, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Bobby Flays Tostones with Salmon Tartar and AvocadoChipotle Relish, picturelink: null}, 19041: {instructions: Pour cold soda into a tall glass. Add a 12cup scoop of ice cream and a straw. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 12ounce can diet orange soda, 12 cup fatfree vanilla ice cream], title: HG Hot Couple: Ice Cream Float, picturelink: 5rjIWZ64F8qLkE4h9aknH4s7NUSajr2}, 19042: {instructions: Whisk the yogurt, milk, mayonnaise, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and cayenne in a bowl until smooth. Gently stir in the blue cheese. Add 12 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste. Cover and refrigerate overnight to let the flavors develop.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [12 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon 2 milk, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Light Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: 4PFMJAI93LuTtbd.rcCDCtpjsG0nPL6}, 19043: {instructions: Special equipment: Cheesecloth, Butchers twinenPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the rolls in the oven to crisp, about 5 minutes.nStir the mayonnaise, cornichons, Dijon and tarragon together in a small bowl. Lay out the bread, cutside up, and spread with the mayonnaise mixture.nMake sandwiches with the beef, lettuce and tomato.nFor the bouquet garni: Wrap the herbs in cheesecloth and secure with butchers twine, leaving about 6 inches of excess string. Set aside.nFor the beef bourguignon: Cook the bacon in a large Dutch oven over medium heat until browned but not fully rendered, 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon to a papertowellined plate.nPlace the flour in a shallow bowl. Season the beef well with salt and pepper, then toss it in the flour to coat, shaking off the excess flour. Add the oil to the Dutch oven, heat until shimmering, and then brown the beef in batches. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the browned pieces to a large bowl.nAdd the mushrooms to the pan. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until browned, about 4 minutes. If the pan looks dry, add more olive oil. Push the mushrooms to the sides of the pan, add the onions and cook until lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Season again with a pinch of salt and pepper. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Carefully tie the bouquet garni to the handle of the pot and drop the bouquet into the vegetables or simply toss the whole bouquet into the pot. Add the carrots and tomato paste and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the red wine, increase the heat, and bring to a boil. Then reduce the heat and simmer for 2 minutes, stirring up the browned bits stuck to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the broth and 1 cup water and return the meat and bacon to the pan. Simmer, covered, for 1 hour.nAdd the pearl onions to the pot and cook, partially covered, until the meat is very tender when pierced with a fork, 1 hour more. Remove the bouquet garni. Season the stew to taste with salt and pepper. Garnish with parsley leaves to serve., ingredients: [Two 12inch French bread rolls, halved and split, 34 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup cornichons, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon wholegrain Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon, 3 cups Beef Bourguignon, roughly chopped, recipe follows, 4 leaves romaine lettuce, 2 medium tomatoes, sliced, 2 bay leaves, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 sprigs fresh parsley, plus extra leaves for garnish, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 4 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 pounds stew beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus additional as needed, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, halved or quartered if large, 1 onion, halved and thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 4 carrots, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups dry red wine, One 14.5ounce can reducedsodium beef broth, One 16ounce bag frozen pearl onions, thawed], title: French Beef Sandwich, picturelink: CQKaWkMiDWqCmrKXUtzrrU2e.d75Z6K}, 19044: {instructions: Boil the shallots with the red wine vinegar in a heavy small saucepan until the vinegar is reduced to a glaze. Add the wine and boil until the sauce is syrupy. Add the chicken stock, garlic and soy sauce and boil until it has reduced and thickened to a saucelike consistency. Season with salt and pepper. This can be prepared ahead, cooled, covered and set aside at cool room temperature for several hours or refrigerated. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Season the steak with salt and pepper. Place a heavy cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat and film with oil. Sear and place in oven until medium rare. Remove steak from pan and let it rest 5 minutes. Meanwhile add shallot glaze with butter to skillet to deglaze. Slice steak crosswise on the diagonal. Overlap the slices on a plate and pour the glaze over the steak. Serve immediately with frites.nPlace the potatoes in a large bowl of cold water. Change the water repeatedly to remove the potato starch, until the water remains clear. This can be prepared ahead to this point and set aside at room temperature in the bowl covered with cold water. Drain before cooking. Dry the potatoes well in a lettuce spinner and a clean bath towel. To cook the first time, line 2 large baking sheets with paper towels. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F in a wok or large pot. Fry the potatoes in small batches without crowding until completely cooked, but barely colored, turning occasionally. Transfer to the prepared sheets in a single layer using a slotted spoon. This can be prepared ahead and set aside at room temperature. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line another baking sheet with paper towels. Reheat the oil to 350 degrees F. Fry the potatoes in small batches until crisp and golden brown, turning occasionally. Transfer the cooked potatoes to the prepared sheet using a slotted spoon and keep them warm in the oven while cooking the remaining potatoes, sprinkle with salt. Serve immediately. Yield: 2 servings, ingredients: [12 cup about 4 mediumlarge shallots, peeled and thinly sliced crosswise, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup dry white wine, 23 cup unsalted chicken stock, 1 large clove garlic, peeled and minced, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons peanut or olive oil, 1 12 to 1 34 pounds shoulder blade or skirt steak, trimmed and patted dry, 1 tablespoon butter, Frites, recipe follows, 2 pounds about 8 medium russet potatoes, peeled, sliced, Peanut oil about 4 cups, for deep frying, Coarse salt], title: Steak Frites, picturelink: null}, 19045: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Divide the ground turkey into 4 equal burgers, brush with oil, and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side for mediumwell doneness the burger will continue to cook when placed back on the grill in the next step.nPlace the bread on a flat surface. Top each slice with a slice of cheese and a few tablespoons of Grilled Onion Relish. Place a burger on top and then top the burger with the remaining 4 slices of bread. Brush the top of the bread with the oil and place the burgers carefully on the grill, oiled side down, and press down slightly on the sandwich with a metal spatula. Grill for 1 to 2 minutes or until golden brown, then brush the top slice of bread with oil, flip over, press the top with the spatula and cook until that side is golden brown and the cheese has melted. Cut in half and serve.nHeat grill to high. Brush onions on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill on each side for 3 to 4 minutes or until slightly charred and just cooked through.nWhisk together vinegar, mustard, salt, pepper, and thyme in a medium bowl. Whisk in 14 cup of olive oil until emulsified. Add the onions and stir until combined. Let stand at room temperature until ready to use., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground turkey, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 14inch thick slices good quality rye bread, 8 14inch thick slices Gruyere, Grilled Onion Relish, recipe follows, 2 red onions, peeled and sliced into 14inch thick slices, Olive oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Turkey Patty Melt with Grilled Onion Relish, picturelink: null}, 19046: {instructions: Place the rice in a large saucepan with the butter, olive oil, and salt, and chicken broth or water. Bring to a boil, uncovered, and cook until you see holes forming that tunnel down into the rice forming on the surface, about 15 minutes.Reduce the heat to the lowest setting and cover the saucepan. Cook for 20 minutes, then fluff and serve., ingredients: [2 cups longgrain white rice, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 cups chicken broth, homemade or canned lowsodium broth], title: Best Basic White Rice, picturelink: null}, 19047: {instructions: Cook the spaghetti in salted boiling water until al dente, about 6 minutes. While the spaghetti is cooking, begin to make the sauce. Mix the tomatoes and mozzarella in a large bowl. Add the best available extravirgin olive oil, oregano, basil leaves, and salt, to taste.nWhen the spaghetti is ready, remove it from the water and add it to the bowl with approximately 12 cup of pasta water. Mix well, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, 2 tomatoes, diced, 1 pound mozzarella ball, cubed, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon fresh oregano, 4 fresh basil leaves, Salt], title: Spaghetti Alla Caprese, picturelink: null}, 19048: {instructions: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F220 degrees C.nChop the tops off the beets, leaving about 1 inch2.5 cm of green on the bulb, and set aside. Remove the taillike root end of the beet and discard. Cut each beet into about eight sections or halve small beets, as you would cut an apple for pie, leaving a little green on the top of each wedge. Put the beets on a baking sheet. Drizzle over some olive oil and toss the beets to coat well. Dot with some butter and sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Roast until they are soft and well caramelized, about 1 hour, depending on the size of the beets small beets will obviously cook faster.nJust before the beetroots are done, heat a little more olive oil in a saute pan. Roughly chop the green beet tops along with the red stems, and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve tossed with the roasted beets., ingredients: [3 large beets, or 6 to 8 small ones, scrubbed clean with tops washed, Olive oil, Butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Beetroot with Sauteed Greens, picturelink: null}, 19049: {instructions: Dissolve 2 tablespoons kosher salt in a large bowl of water. Add the radicchio and soak, 45 minutes, using a plate to keep it submerged. Drain the radicchio, shake off any excess water and pat dry.nMeanwhile, puree the garlic, anchovies and olive oil in a mini food processor. Transfer the mixture to a small saucepan and cook over low heat until golden and bubbly, about 5 minutes set aside until cool.nReturn the garlicanchovy mixture to the mini food processor. Add the butter, cream, truffle oil, parsley and lemon zest and blend until combined. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nPreheat the broiler. Brush a 9by13inch baking dish with about 1 teaspoon of the sauce. Brush 1 12 teaspoons of the sauce between the leaves of each piece of radicchio and arrange in the prepared baking dish. Top each piece with 2 more teaspoons sauce and broil until the radicchio is crisp and browned and the sauce is bubbly, 5 to 8 minutes. Sprinkle with sea salt and drizzle with olive oil., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 heads radicchio, cut into quarters, 8 cloves garlic, 6 anchovy fillets, rinsed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons truffle oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Radicchio Bagna Cauda, picturelink: null}, 19050: {instructions: Add enough water to a medium saucepan to come about 1inch up the side. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Meanwhile, combine egg yolks and sugar in a medium size metal bowl and whisk until smooth, about 1 minute. Measure citrus juice and if needed, add enough cold water to reach 13 cup. Add juice and zest to egg mixture and whisk smooth. Once water reaches a simmer, reduce heat to low and place bowl on top of saucepan. Bowl should be large enough to fit on top of saucepan without touching the water. Whisk until thickened, approximately 8 minutes, or until mixture is light yellow and coats the back of a spoon. Remove promptly from heat and stir in butter a piece at a time, allowing each addition to melt before adding the next. Remove to a clean container and cover by laying a layer of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the curd. Refrigerate for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [4 lemons, zested and juiced, 1 stick butter, cut into pats and chilled, 5 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar], title: Lemon Curd, picturelink: null}, 19051: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough: Sprinkle the yeast over 3 cups warm not lukewarm water. Let stand for a few minutes.nIn a mixer, combine the flour and salt. With the mixer running on low speed with a paddle attachment, drizzle in the olive oil until combined with the flour. Next, pour in the yeastwater mixture and mix until just combined and the dough comes together. The dough will be sticky. Form the dough into a ball.nCoat a separate mixing bowl with a light drizzle of olive oil and toss the dough in the olive oil to coat. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and set it aside for 1 hour to rise. Then put it in the fridge to chill for 2 hours or longer. The dough is much easier to work with when very cold.nFor the mushroom version: Add the olive oil to a pan with the heat on medium and saute the garlic and onions for about a minute. Add the mushrooms and thyme and saute for 3 minutes. Add the white wine and reduce for a couple of minutes until most of the liquid is gone. Season with salt and pepper. Let cool to room temperature.nFor the meat version: Crumble the Italian sausage into a skillet with some olive oil and brown until cooked through, 5 minutes. Let cool.nWhen you are ready to make the pizza pockets, take half the dough and roll it out into a large rectangle. Cut into 18 rectangles with a rectangular cutter. Put 9 of the rectangles onto a baking sheet and top them with the fillings for the meat version: some marinara sauce, mozzarella, sausage, pepperoni and Canadian bacon. Lay the other 9 rectangles on top and crimp the edges with a fork. Brush with the beaten egg. Put into the freezer to flashfreeze for 30 minutes.nRepeat with the other half of the dough and the fillings for the mushroom version: some mozzarella, goat cheese and the sauteed mushrooms.nWhen the pockets have been flashfrozen, transfer to ziptop bags and store in the freezer.nWhen ready to cook, place on a baking sheet and bake at 450 degrees F for 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [2 teaspoons instant or active dry yeast, 8 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 23 cup olive oil, plus more for coating the bowl, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 onion, diced, 8 ounces white button mushrooms, sliced, 8 ounces brown button mushrooms, sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 14 cup white wine, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 4 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 8 ounces Italian sausage, Olive oil, for browning sausage, 1 jar marinara sauce, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 4 ounces pepperoni, 4 ounces Canadian bacon, 1 egg, beaten], title: Pizza Pockets, picturelink: 7eSq03E5MZSnFSpBaKIJhiz9fStaT0i}, 19052: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPrepare a cupcake pan with paper liners and lightly spray with nonstick spray. Sift the cake four, baking soda, baking powder, and salt together. Set aside.nMelt chocolates and water over low heat in a double boiler.nIn a mixer with a paddle attachment, slowly cream butter and 8 ounces of sugar. Add egg yolks, 1 at a time, and beat until fluffy.nIn a separate bowl, with a mixer and wire whip attachment, whip egg whites and 3 ounces of sugar until stiff peaks form.nCombine milk and vanilla in a measuring glass. Fold melted chocolate mixture into butter mixture. Alternately fold the flour mixture and milk mixture into the butter mixture. Gently fold in the whipped egg whites. Fill cupcake cups 23 full and bake until a toothpick comes out clean, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 8 ounces cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 ounces water, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 8 ounces plus 3 ounces sugar, 4 ounces egg yolks, 4 ounces egg whites, 8 ounces milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Milk Chocolate Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 19053: {instructions: Heat a well seasoned castiron frying pan or griddle to high heat. Season the steaks generously with salt and pepper and brush them with a little olive oil. Sear the steaks for about 4 minutes on each side, depending on their thickness, for medium rare meat. Remove from the heat and allow to cool almost to room temperature.nTrim the stem and flower ends of the red onion and cut it in half crosswise. Pressing from the bottoms, pop the onion sections out so that you have 6 goodsized onion cups. Set aside and cut the remaining onion into 14 inch dice. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the chopped chipotles, olive oil, lime juice, vinegar, salt, cracked pepper and garlic until well blended. Cut the Anaheim chiles into 14inch dice and add them to the bowl, along with the diced red onion, cucumber, radishes, and cilantro. Slice the beef across the grain on the diagonal into 38inch slices. Spread a layer of the romaine on each plate and distribute some of the beef and the tomatoes on top. Spoon the dressing, with all its chunky ingredients, over the top and serve immediately.nNote: Fresh chiles and bell peppers can be roasted over a gas flame or on a tray under the broiler. Keep turning so the skin is evenly charred, without burning and drying out the flesh. Transfer the charred peppers to a plastic bag, tie the top closed and let steam until cool to the touch, about 15 minutes. If you are rushed, you can place the bag in a bowl of iced water to speed things up. The best way to peel is just to pull off the charred skin by hand and then dip the peppers briefly in water to remove any blackened bits. Do not peel the pepper under running water since that will wash away flavorful juices. Once peeled, cut away stems, seeds and veins., ingredients: [2 pounds sirloin steaks, 1 to 1 12 inches thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, for brushing, 1 large red onion, 12 cup canned chipotle chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 12 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 3 Anaheim chiles, roasted, peeled, stemmed, and seeded see Note, 12 hothouse cucumber, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 5 radishes, cut into 14inch dice, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, finely chopped, 12 head romaine lettuce, pale inner leaves only, coarsely julienned, 2 ripe plum tomatoes, cut into julienne], title: Beef Salad with Chipotles and Radishes, picturelink: null}, 19054: {instructions: Mix 1 12 cups warm water 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F, the yeast and agave in a bowl. Set aside 5 minutes.nIn a food processor fitted with the dough blade, pulse the wholewheat flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour and the sea salt. Add 1 egg and the yeast mixture and pulse in 10second intervals until the dough comes together, about 3 pulses. Turn out onto a floured board. Knead 10 to 12 times, adding up to 34 cup more flour if the dough is too sticky. Cut the dough into 4 equal portions cover with a clean towel.nOn a floured board, roll out one piece of dough into a 14by11inch rectangle, 14 inch thick, with a shorter side facing you. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons cheddar across the middle of the dough fold the bottom third of the dough over the cheese, then sprinkle another 2 tablespoons cheddar over the folded part. Fold the top third of the dough over the cheese. Reroll the dough into a 14by11inch rectangle. Cut into seven 11by2inch strips.nOne at a time, pinch the cut long edges of each strip together and roll into a 12inch rope with your hands. Transfer the rope to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Grab the ends and bring them toward each other, forming a U shape, then cross the left end over the right end to make a pretzel shape. Cross the left end over the right again to make a twist in the middle.nRepeat with the remaining 3 pieces of dough and the remaining cheese, spacing the pretzels 3 inches apart. Set aside for 10 to 15 minutes preheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nBeat the remaining egg in a bowl. Brush the pretzels with the egg sprinkle with poppy seeds, sesame seeds, onion flakes and coarse salt. Bake until browned, 16 to 18 minutes, checking on the pretzels every 5 minutes to avoid overbaking.nPhotograph by Victor Schrager, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons dry active yeast, 1 tablespoon agave nectar, 2 12 cups wholewheat flour, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 2 large eggs, 12 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese, Poppy seeds, for sprinkling, Sesame seeds, for sprinkling, Onion flakes, for sprinkling, Coarse salt, for sprinkling], title: Everything Pretzels, picturelink: 0Texc8EdhzR5fdg64H.C9OylKI6bW0C}, 19055: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and cook until tender, about 10 minutes.nWhile potatoes are cooking place buttermilk and milk into a small saucepan and cook over a very low heat until just warm. Be careful not to boil or milk will curdle.nDrain the potatoes, add the warmed milk and mash together to desired consistency. Stir in cheese and salt. Top with the butter and let it melt., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes about 5 cups, diced unpeeled, 12 cup lowfat buttermilk, 12 cup skim milk, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Salt, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Parmesan Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: LEW6gwurN8AunnNJQv2OcB04PHtcWQ2}, 19056: {instructions: Wash and peel the turnip. Put it into a medium pot, cover it with water, and add a pinch of salt. Bring it to a boil and cook until tender, about 15 to 20 minutes set aside. While the turnip is cooking, wash and peel the beets. Remove the greens, wash them well, and set aside. Put the beets into the boiling water and cook until tender, about 20 to 30 minutes. Remove and set them aside.nSlice the papaya in half, scoop out and discard the seeds. Carefully scoop out the fruit and reserve the shells. Coarsely chop the papaya and put it into a small bowl.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beet greens and 12 the garlic. Cook the beet greens until wilted, about 5 to 7 minutes season with salt and pepper. Remove and set aside. Add the remaining butter, olive oil, and garlic to the pan and cook the shrimp until they are pink and done, about 3 minutes season with salt and pepper. Add the shrimp to the papaya and mix well.nFill the reserved papaya shells with the shrimp mixture and put them onto plates. Serve with slices of turnips and beets, the beet greens, and slices of tomato., ingredients: [1 large turnip, 3 beets with greens attached, 6 medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 small papaya, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 Roma tomato, sliced], title: Papaya Shrimp with Sauteed Beet Greens and Boiled Root Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 19057: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter the ramekins.nIn a mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter with 13 cup of the sugar. Mix in the egg yolks then fold in the flour it may look curdled. With a whisk, work in the milk, lemon juice and lemon zest.nIn a standing mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whip the egg whites until foamy. Gradually add the 34 cup sugar and continue whipping on medium speed until glossy. Whisk 14 of the whites into the lemon mixture and then fold in the remainder.nPortion the batter immediately into the buttered dishes filling 34 of the way full and bake immediately in a water bath covered with foil for 30 minutes. Serve warm topped with a scoop of raspberry sorbet., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup and 34 cup sugar, 5 eggs, separated, 14 cup and 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 cup whole milk, 23 cup lemon juice, 2 lemons, zested, Equipment: 8 8ounce ramekins], title: Lemon Sponge Pudding, picturelink: JEtx1eqZ.oZ1Q0htlQGcNkMWlLUQmx2}, 19058: {instructions: Cut melons, remove seeds, and scoop out flesh set aside. In a saucepan, heat oil. Cook peppers about 4 minutes. Add wine and boil. In a large bowl, mix melons with hot wine and peppers. Add other ingredients. Puree in blender. Chill before serving., ingredients: [8 pounds melons your choice, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 2 fresh chili peppers, seeded and chopped, 12 cup white wine, 23 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 teaspoon pepper], title: Melon Soup, picturelink: null}, 19059: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 or 3 cookie sheets or jelly roll pans covered with parchment or foilnSet racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Combine the flour, baking soda, salt, and spices in a bowl stir well to mix. In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat together on medium speed the butter and sugar for about 5 minutes until very light, fluffy and whitened. Add the egg and continue beating until smooth. Lower speed and beat in half the dry ingredients, then the molasses. Stop the mixer and scrape down bowl and beater. Beat in the remaining dry ingredients. Remove bowl from mixer and use a large rubber spatula to finish mixing the dough. Use a small ice cream scoop to scoop out 1inch diameter pieces of dough. Roll into balls between the palms of your the hands, then roll in the sugar. Place the balls of dough on the prepared pans leaving about 3 inches all around each, to allow for spreading. Bake the cookies for about 15 to 20 minutes, or until they have spread, the surface has crackled, and they are firm to the touch. Slide the papers from the pans to racks. Store the cooled cookies between sheets of parchment or waxed paper in a tin or platic container witha tightfitting cover., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 14 cup molasses, 12 cup sugar in a shallow bowl, for finishing], title: Incredibly Crisp Gingersnaps, picturelink: null}, 19060: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the potatoes crosswise into 18inch thick slices and place them in a large bowl. Heat the oil in a 10inch nonstick ovenproof skillet over high heat. When the oil is hot, add the rosemary and olives. Cook for 10 seconds. Immediately remove the skillet from the heat and pour the mixture over the potatoes. Add the salt and pepper. Gently stir with a spoon to evenly coat the potatoes.nIn the same 10inch nonstick skillet, starting in the center of the skillet, arrange about 13 of the potatoes slices in a single layer so they form concentric circles that slightly overlap. Pick out about half the olives and sprinkle them and half of the lemon zest over the first layer of potatoes. Create a second layer of overlapping potato slices. Sprinkle the remaining olives and lemon zest over the second layer. Then create a third layer of potatoes. Finally, pour the oil from the bowl over the potatoes. Put the pan over high heat and cook until the oil sizzles and bubbles, about 1 minute. Place the pan in the oven and bake for 20 minutes, use a spatula to press down the top layer of potato slices. Continue to bake until the tip of a knife slides easily through the potatoes, about 20 minutes more. Remove the pan from the oven and pour off the excess oil. Allow the tart to sit at room temperature for at least 10 minutes.nRun a spatula along the outer edge of the tart to release any potatoes stuck to the side of the skillet. Place a dinner plate larger than the skillet on top of the skillet, with the serving side facing down. Invert the skillet and plate to transfer the tart to the plate. Cut the tart into wedges. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 medium russet potatoes, scrubbed clean under running water, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped, 14 cup black olives, pitted and cut in 12, 1 teaspoon finely ground gray salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly grated lemon zest], title: Potato Tarte Tatin with Black Olives and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 19061: {instructions: TO PREPARE THE RIB CHOPS: Preheat the grill to medium. Combine the ingredients for the glaze and mix well. Grill the chops, brushing well with glaze, for about 6 minutes on each side. You can also roast the chops in a preheated 425 degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes, brushing often with glaze, to an internal temperature of about 130 degrees for medium rare, which is suggested.nTO PREPARE THE GREENS: Melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the shallots and leeks and cook gently for 10 minutes without browning. Add the chard and spinach, cover, and steam for 2 minutes. Uncover, stir well, and cook off the moisture. Deglaze over high heat with bourbon. Season with salt and pepper and serve with grilled chops., ingredients: [34 cup pureed chipotles in adobo, 1 can, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon toasted ground cumin, 12 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 12 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 large antelope or venison rib chops, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 shallots, minced, 2 large leeks, white parts only, washed and thinly sliced, 4 cups cleaned and coarsely chopped Swiss chard leaves without veins, 2 cups washed baby spinach, 34 cup goodquality bourbon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cinnamon Chipotle Honey Glazed Antelope on Whisky Braised Greens, picturelink: null}, 19062: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.nIn a small bowl, mix together the brown sugar, chile powder, salt and pepper. Put the salmon on the baking sheet. Evenly distribute the sugarspice mixture over the top of the fillets.nBake for 10 to 15 minutes, depending on thickness and desired doneness., ingredients: [12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chile powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Four 8ounce salmon fillets], title: Brown Sugar Spiced Salmon, picturelink: Us71AjWTECbEiYjqTvCmui1jea65t6K}, 19063: {instructions: Whisk the flour, confectioners sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Whisk the milk, egg yolk, melted butter and vanilla in a medium bowl until combined. In a separate large bowl, beat the 3 egg whites with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form, about 2 minutes.nStir the milk mixture into the flour mixture with a rubber spatula until just combined its OK if there are a few lumps. Stir in onethird of the beaten egg whites, then gently fold in the rest until just combined do not overmix.nHeat a griddle or large nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat lightly brush with butter. Pour 14 cup batter onto the griddle for each pancake cook until bubbles form on top and the bottom is lightly browned, about 3 minutes. If the pancakes are browning too quickly, reduce the heat to low. Flip and continue cooking until golden on the other side, about 1 more minute. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with the remaining batter, brushing the pan with more butter as necessary. Serve with butter and syrup.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 14 cups milk, 1 large egg yolk, plus 3 egg whites, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for brushing, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Butter and maple syrup, for serving], title: Fluffy Pancakes, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 19064: {instructions: In a small pot, over high heat, combine the sliced peppers, onions, and chicken broth and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until crisp and tender, about 3 minutes.nAdd the chourico, linguica, vegetable juice, paprika, and cayenne pepper to the pepper mixture. Mix well. This can be made 1 or 2 days ahead and refrigerated.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the eggs with 14 cup water. In a large frying pan over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons butter. Add the eggs and the spicy sausage mixture, along with the shredded cheese. Stir gently until the eggs are cooked and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Serve with toasted Portuguese English muffins., ingredients: [1 red pepper, sliced thin, 1 large Spanish onion, sliced thin, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 pound ground chourico, 1 pound ground linguica, 12 cup vegetable juice recommended: V8, 14 cup paprika, 14 cup cayenne pepper, 8 eggs, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons butter, 10 ounces jalapeno cheese, shredded, Portuguese English muffins], title: Portuguese Fisherman, picturelink: null}, 19065: {instructions: For the fries: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the potatoes in a medium bowl. Whisk together the canola oil, paprika, salt, pepper and orange zest and toss with the potatoes to evenly coat. Place the potatoes in a single layer on a parchmentlined baking sheet and roast until the potatoes are tender and starting to brown, 40 to 45 minutes.nTurn the oven up to 450 degrees F and continue roasting until the potatoes get crispy around the edges, 5 minutes longer. Reduce the oven temperature to 200 degrees F and hold the potatoes in the oven to keep warm while cooking the fish.nFor the beer batter: Pour the beer into a large bowl. Sift the flour over, whisking in gently until just combined. Pat the fish dry, sprinkle on both sides with the House Seasoning and coat the fish in the beer batter.nFor the cod: Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet until very, very hot. Remove the fish from the batter using tongs and allow the excess batter to drip off. Place into the hot oil and fry in batches until deep golden and cooked through, turning once, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined baking sheet and keep warm in the oven. While the fish is still hot, sprinkle with the salt, if using, and drizzle with fresh lemon juice.nMix together the salt, garlic powder and pepper until well combined., ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes, skinon, cut into French fry strips, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, Zest of 1 orange, One 12ounce bottle beer, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon House Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 12 pounds cod fillets, skin and bones removed, cut diagonally into 4inch long, 1inchwide strips, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 teaspoon salt, for sprinkling after frying, optional, 1 lemon, cut into wedges, 1 cup salt, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup pepper], title: Beer Battered Fish and Roasted Fries, picturelink: 2caMXw6MkRG15oyYQocZOixmXJ8UYAG}, 19066: {instructions: Shake with ice in a cocktail shaker.nServe straight up in a martini glass.nGarnish with a lemon twist., ingredients: [1 oz. Ketel One Citroen Vodka, .5 oz. blue curacao, 1 oz. white cranberry juice, 1 squeeze fresh lime juice, 1 piece lemon zest twist], title: The Ultimate Ketel One Blue Cosmopolitan, picturelink: C8YmFX4a.bB4aZQQ5pEQOUyr0IG8NfG}, 19067: {instructions: Drain tomatoes and roughly chop. Mix with the goat cheese. Spread 14 cup goat cheese mix down the center third of each of the tortillas. Arrange the slices of julienne chicken breasts and 14 of the avocado slices over the goat cheese. Spoon a 14 cup of the salsa over the chicken and avocado slices. Add the mixed salad greens on top of the salsa, use enough to cover all the chicken mixture. Add the BBQ sauce to your liking. Roll up each tortilla and slice in half., ingredients: [14 cup sundried tomatoes, packed in oil, 1 cup goat cheese, 4 flour tortillas, 4 4 ounce chicken breasts, seasoned with southwest seasoning, grilled, and julienned, 2 avocados, sliced, 1 cup tomato salsa, Assorted mixed salad greens, Favorite Smoked BBQ sauce, storebought or homemade], title: Mesa Chicken RollUp, picturelink: null}, 19068: {instructions: Heat olive oil in frying pan. While oil heats up, chop garlic and add to oil. Fry garlic until golden brown color of toast. Set aside. Drain peeled Italian tomatoes and mash into a thick puree. Pour into the frying pan and add bay leaves, fresh basil, sea salt and fresh pepper. Cook for 25 to 30 minutes on medium flame. In a large pot boil water and add pasta. Cook for 12 minutes. Drain pasta and return it to the pot. Add 1 scoop of sauce and mix. Serve pasta in separate bowls and add marinara sauce to each serving., ingredients: [Olive oil not extra virgin, Fresh garlic, 4 cans whole peeled Italian tomatoes, Bay leaves, Fresh basil, Sea salt, Fresh pepper, 1 pound linguini or pasta of choice], title: Paul Sorvinos Marinara Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19069: {instructions: 1. Heat the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for about 1 minute. Then add the ground beef and continue to cook, stirring and breaking up the chunks of meat with a spoon. Cook until the meat is no longer pink, about 7 minutes. Sprinkle the herbs and pepper over the meat, add salt to taste, and mix in well.n2. Add the canned tomatoes with their juices, the tomato sauce, paste, and juice. Add sugar to taste. Simmer while you cook the pasta.n3. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the macaroni and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain. Mix the macaroni into the chop suey. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 pound ground beef, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, Kosher salt, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 14.5ounce can tomato sauce, 14 cup tomato paste, 23 cup tomato juice, Pinch of sugar, 1 pound elbow macaroni], title: American Chop Suey, picturelink: null}, 19070: {instructions: Choose a selection of colorful vegetables from among, for example: zucchini, carrot, red and yellow beets, fennel, kohlrabi, celery, asparagus, radishes, snow peas. Peel the vegetables that need peeling. Slice the bulblike vegetables very, very thinly on a mandoline. Use a vegetable peeler for tricky vegetables such as asparagus, and sliver anything like the snow peas with a knife.nToss everything except for the beets in a bowl with olive oil to coat. Add a handful or two of chopped dill and the zest of a lemon. Season with fleur de sel, freshly ground pepper, and lemon juice, to taste. Arrange on a serving platter with the beet slices added in decoratively as you arrange the rest. Serve., ingredients: [Assorted vegetables recommended: zucchini, carrot, red and yellow beets, fennel, kohlrabi, celery, asparagus, radishes, snow peas, Olive oil, for drizzling, Chopped fresh dill, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, to taste, Fleur de sel sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Shaved Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 19071: {instructions: Shashleek skewered meat may be pork, if you look to Russian agricultural legacy customs. Or it may be lamb, if you look to Central Asian nomadic legacy customs.nFor the skewers: Take the leg of lamb, butcher it down to 1inch chunks easier to grill faster with a minimum of fat.nPuree the onions in a food processor and transfer to a large bowl. Add the mint, rosemary, salt, and lamb cubes toss to coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, refrigerate and let marinate for 1 to 3 days. Do not use vinegarnRemove the lamb from the marinade discard the marinade and weigh the lamb cubes out in 7ounce portions. Thread lamb on skewers. Skewers can be prepared ahead of time and refrigerated.nTo cook, heat a charcoal grill to high. Dust the skewers with salt, and grill to order. Before serving squirt lemon juice over them.nFor the tzatziki: Tzatziki pronounced sod ZEE kee is a traditional Greek side. Take thick Greek yogurt and mix in lots of minced garlic, shredded cucumber, and dill to create a chunky vegetable dish.nCan be adjusted to taste, with sprinkles of sugar it cuts the sharpness of the garlic. The thickness can also be adjusted but the body should be like a thick tomato sauce, but short of a stiff porridge., ingredients: [1 New Zealand or Australian leg of lamb, trimmed, 2 large onions, Sprinkle of fresh mint and rosemary, mixed well, Salt, Lemon wedges, for serving, 16 ounce Greek yogurt, 10 cloves garlic, minced, 1 to 2 cucumbers, shredded, Chopped fresh dill, to taste, Sugar, to taste], title: Shashleek with Tzatziki, picturelink: null}, 19072: {instructions: Heat a griddle or skillet until hot. Sift together flour, salt and baking powder. Whisk together egg, milk and butter. Add egg mixture to the flour and stir just to moisten  the batter will be lumpy, do not overmix. If too dry, add a few more spoonfuls of milk. Lower heat to mediumhigh and lightly brush griddle with butter. Spoon in the batter, by 14 cupfuls, spreading to 4inch rounds. Cook until edges are dry and little bubbles appear on the surface, about 2 minutes. Flip pancakes and cook second side just until lightly browned. Transfer pancakes as they are made to warm plates and serve immediately, with butter and syrup., ingredients: [1 12 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 egg, About 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons butter, melted and cooled, plus extra for cooking, Softened butter, for serving, Maple syrup, room temperature, for serving], title: Basic Pancake Batter, picturelink: null}, 19073: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour rum, amaretto and cherry liqueur in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake until ingredients are well combined and chilled. Pour into a highball glass filled with ice. Squeeze a lime wedge over drink and drop into glass. Add a pour of cherry juice and garnish with a maraschino cherry., ingredients: [2 oz. Silver rum, 12 oz. amaretto, almondflavored liqueur, 12 oz. Luxardo maraschino cherry liqueur, Ice, Wedge of lime, Splash of maraschino cherry juice, Maraschino cherry for garnish], title: Cherry Splash, picturelink: ZObze8RCKcKSXIrhc8PM8MnCZF4YMzm}, 19074: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the potatoes on a baking sheet. Rub them with the canola oil and bake for 1 hour, making sure theyre sufficiently cooked through.nSlice the butter into pats. Place in a large mixing bowl and add the bacon bits and sour cream. Remove the potatoes from the oven. Lower the heat to 350 degrees F.nWith a sharp knife, cut each potato in half lengthwise. Scrape out the insides into the mixing bowl, being careful not to tear the shell. Leave a small rim of potato intact for support. Lay the hollowed out potato shells on a baking sheet.nSmash the potatoes into the butter, bacon and sour cream. Add the cheese, milk, seasoned salt, green onions and black pepper to taste and mix together well. IMPORTANT: If you plan to freeze the twicebaked potatoes, do NOT add the green onions.nFill the potato shells with the filling. I like to fill the shells so they look abundant and heaping. Top each potato with a little more grated cheese and pop em in the oven until the potato is warmed through, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [8 baking potatoes, washed, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 sticks salted butter, 1 cup bacon bits fry your own, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup Cheddar or Jack cheese or a mix of both, plus more for topping, 1 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons seasoned salt, 3 green onions, sliced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: TwiceBaked Potatoes, picturelink: uBLnDF5HjFlsTU2sf3ExQ6E5MDUbK66}, 19075: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients together, saving 14 cup, and rub the brisket vigorously. Store brisket well sealed overnight in a shallow pan.nIn a medium sauce pot, place bacon, onion garlic, and celery. Cook over medium heat until browned. Add 4 bottles of beer to the pot. Its going to be a long day you will need the other beers for the cook. Bring the pot to a boil. Add rub, mustard, pepper, zest, juice, soy sauce and vinegar. Continue to slowly simmer, for 1 hour, as the meat smokes.nStart a charcoal fire on one side of the grill. Add post oak pieces that have been well soaked 1 hour, or still green and uncured. Control the heat of the fire by closing the air vents to the grill. Place brisket, fat side up, on indirect heat not over the fire and close the top of the grill. Grill should be 300 degrees. Baste meat continuously with mop every 30 minutes. When turning meat always carefully use a spatula and never prick the meat. Tongs or forks may pierce the meat allowing juices to escape making the meat dry and tough. Brisket will be done in about 4 12 to 5 hours or when internal temperature reaches 165 degrees. Allow to rest 30 minutes before slicing.nRemove any excess fat and slice brisket across grain 38 inches thick. Texans dont use barbecue sauce, but they havent tried these. Serve hot smoked sausages split, brisket sliced, BBQ sauce, white bread and pickled peppers.nPlace sausages on smoking grill beside the brisket with indirect heat, not over the fire. Cook at 300 degrees for 1 14 hours.nChipolte BBQ Sauce: 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 12 onion, diced 3 cloves garlic, smashed 1 cup chopped tomatoes 1 cup ketchup 12 cup coffee 3 tablespoons molasses 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard 3 tablespoons brown sugar 1 tablespoon Worcesterchire sauce 2 chipotle peppers In a medium saucepan, over medium heat, place oil, onion and garlic. Cook for 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and simmer for about 8 minutes. Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and puree in food processor. Serve right away or let cool and refrigerate.nPickled Peppers: 3 cups cider vinegar 3 cups pineapple juice 1 tablespoon cracked peppercorns 2 teaspoons thyme leaves 2 bay leaves 1 teaspoon salt 40 jalapenos 25 garlic cloves 1 red onion, peeled and chopped 2 carrots, peeled and shreddednIn a large saucepan over high heat, bring vinegar, juice, peppercorns, thyme, bay leaves and salt to a full boil. Add jalapeno, garlic, onion and carrots and bring to a boil again. Remove from heat. Transfer to a large container and seal., ingredients: [7 pound brisket, 4 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 34 teaspoon dried coriander, 12 teaspoon dried savory, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 dried bay leaves, ground, 2 tablespoons brisket rub, 1 pound slab bacon, rind removed, diced, 14 cup onion, minced, 14 cup garlic, minced, 14 cup celery, minced, 8 bottles Dock Street Lager beer, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 8 beef sausages from Southside Market and BBQ Elgin, Texas], title: Pit Smoked Beef Brisket and Hot Smoked Sausage with Texas Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19076: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C Gas 4. Heat a few lugs of olive oil in a large casseroletype pan on a medium heat. Add the onions, carrot, leek, red pepper, yellow pepper and chiles, and cook, stirring occasionally, for about 5 minutes. Add the coriander cilantro stalks, cumin and paprika, and cook for another 10 minutes or so, stirring frequently until soft and delicious. Sometimes I like to add some honey and white wine vinegar at this point and let it cook for a couple of minutes. I find this adds a wonderful sheen and enhances the natural sweetness of the vegetables. While thats happening, shred the turkey meat off your carcass and roughly chop it. Add a good pinch of salt and pepper to the pan of vegetables, then add the turkey and take the pan off the heat. Add the tomatoes and chickpeas or butter beans and stir everything together. Pop it in the hot oven to blip away for 2 hours. Check on it after an hour, and add a splash of water if it looks a bit dry. For the guacamole: While thats cooking, make your guacamole by blitzing one of your avocados in a food processor with the tomatoes, onion, garlic, chile and coriander cilantro. Use a fork to mash the other avocado in a bowl so its nice and chunky. Taste the mixture in the food processor and add salt and squeezes of lime juice until the taste is just right for you. Whiz up one more time then tip into the bowl with your chunky avocado and mix together. Take the chilli out of the oven and scrape all the gnarly bits from the edge of the pan back into the chilli for added flavour. Squeeze in some lime juice, and stir through most of the coriander leaves. Have a taste to check the seasoning then serve with steamed basmati rice or tortillas, and a good dollop of sour cream and guacamole on top. Scatter over your remaining coriander leaves cilantro and some finely sliced fresh chile if you fancy then get everyone to tuck in., ingredients: [Olive oil, 2 red onions, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 leek, trimmed and roughly chopped, 1 red pepper, deseeded and roughly chopped, 1 yellow pepper, deseeded and roughly chopped, 1 fresh red chile, deseeded and finely chopped, 1 fresh green chile, deseeded and finely chopped, A bunch fresh coriander cilantro, leaves picked and stalks finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 heaped teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 heaped teaspoon runny honey, optional, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, optional, 1 pound, 5 ounce 600 g leftover turkey, shredded, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 14ounce 400 g tins chopped tomatoes, 1 14ounce 400 g tin butter beans or chickpeas, drained, Juice of 2 limes, Soured cream, to serve, 2 ripe avocados, peeled and destoned, 2 tomatoes, halved, 14 of a red onion, peeled, 12 clove garlic, peeled, 1 fresh green chile, deseeded, A bunch fresh coriander cilantro, Juice of 1 lime], title: Turkey Con Chilli, picturelink: null}, 19077: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the tomato paste, cider vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, paprika and dried herbs. Set aside.nSeason the short ribs with 1 tablespoon of the kosher salt. Place a large griddle over mediumhigh heat and once a drop of water bounces off, sear the meat until browned on all sides. Once browned, remove the meat to the bowl with the paste and toss to coat. Transfer to a large piece of heavyduty aluminum foil and seal tightly. Place the package into a metal pan and put into a cold oven on the middle rack. Set the oven to 250 degrees F and cook for 4 hours.nRemove the meat from the oven and carefully poke a hole in the pack while holding it over a heatproof container. Drain the liquid into the container and place it into the refrigerator to cool enough so that the fat separates from the rest of the liquid, approximately 1 hour. After 1 hour, transfer the liquid to the freezer and keep there until the fat cap has solidified, approximately 1 hour. Allow the ribs to sit at room temperature while the liquid is cooling or if serving the next day, place in the refrigerator until ready to finish.nRetrieve the liquid from the refrigerator and remove the fat cap that has formed on top. Measure out 1 tablespoon of the fat and reserve the rest for another time. Place the fat into a large saucier and place over medium heat. Once the fat has melted add the onion along with the remaining teaspoon of salt and stir to separate the onions into rings. Allow to cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the potatoes along with a pinch of black pepper and stir to combine. Next, add the liquid reserved from the meat and stir. Cover tightly and decrease the heat to low so that no heat is escaping the lid. Cook for 30 minutes or until the potatoes are fork tender.nMeanwhile, cut the meat away from the bone, removing the connective tissue and discarding. Once the potatoes are tender, uncover and set the meat atop the vegetables. Cover and continue to cook for 10 minutes. Serve sprinkled with the parsley., ingredients: [14 cup tomato paste, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 12 teaspoons dried herbs, any combination of thyme, oregano and rosemary, 3 pounds Englishcut short ribs, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1 large yellow onion, thinly sliced, 1 pound red potatoes, unpeeled and diced small, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Good Eats Beef Stew, picturelink: T.snI9zv8dNnxuBVk93MqxIiwO7fP7S}, 19078: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Whisk the eggs in a bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon peanut oil in a medium nonstick ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and stirfry 5 minutes. Stir in 1 teaspoon soy sauce. Transfer to the bowl with the eggs using a slotted spoon.nAdd the snap peas, ginger and half of the scallions to the skillet stirfry until crisptender, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the shrimp and 2 teaspoons soy sauce cook 1 minute. Add to the bowl with the eggs.nWhisk 14 cup water, the broth, cornstarch and the remaining 2 teaspoons soy sauce. Wipe out the skillet. Add 1 tablespoon peanut oil and the remaining scallions stirfry 30 seconds. Add the broth mixture, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, whisking, until thick, 2 minutes. Stir in the sesame oil. Transfer to a bowl and cover.nWipe out the skillet. Increase the heat to medium. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon peanut oil and the egg mixture cook, undisturbed, 5 minutes. Broil until set, 5 minutes. Serve with the rice and sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [6 large eggs, 3 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, 1 8ounce package sliced white mushrooms, 5 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 cup sugar snap peas about 4 ounces, trimmed and sliced, 1 12 teaspoons minced peeled ginger from a 12inch piece, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 6 ounces cooked, peeled and deveined shrimp, chopped, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 3 cups cooked rice, for serving], title: ShrimpMushroom Egg Foo Yong, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 19079: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 13by9inch baking dish or a 2quart casserole with butter or coat it with cooking spray.nIn a skillet over medium heat, cook the onions, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 3 minutes, then add the mushrooms. Continue to cook until softened, then add the green beans and garlic and cook until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes.nIn a large bowl, toss the mushroom mixture with the stale bread until well mixed, then transfer to the baking dish and spread into an even layer.nWhisk the eggs in the bowl until pale yellow, then whisk in the cream, milk, nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Slowly pour over the bread mixture 1 cup at a time, giving it time to absorb between additions. Cover with aluminum foil and bake until it is puffed and set, about 45 minutes.nCrumble the fried onions and green bean chips together. Remove the foil from the pudding and spread the crumbs across the top. Bake until the onions are golden brown, about 5 minutes more., ingredients: [Butter or nonstick cooking spray, for the baking dish, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 pound white button mushrooms, sliced, One 8ounce package frozen green beans, thawed, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 pound driedout bread slices, cut into large bitesized chunks, or unseasoned stuffing croutons, 4 eggs, 1 cup light cream or halfandhalf, 1 cup whole milk, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup canned Frenchfried onions, 1 cup green bean chips or snap pea crisps], title: Green Bean and Mushroom Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 19080: {instructions: In a large skillet, saute the precooked beef and pork cubes, onions, and garlic in the butter over high heat for 5 minutes, until the onions are golden brown. Add the red wine to deglaze the pan, loosening any browned bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the mushrooms, basil, parsley, thyme, salt, and pepper and cook until the liquid has evaporate. Stir in the demiglace and cook about 5 minutes more, until all liquid has evaporated again. Remove from the heat. Spread the mixture out onto a baking sheet and let it cool for 10 minutes. Refrigerate the mixture about 1 hour to cool completely.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the puff pastry to 18inch thickness. Cut out 6 6 to 8inch squares and brush the edges with the egg mixture. Place 1 cup of the meat mixture in the center of each square. Fold each square over diagonally to form a triangle and press the edges firmly to seal. Using a fork, gently prick the center of each triangle to allow steam to escape. Lightly brush the edges again with the egg mixture.nArrange the triangles 2 inches apart on a greased baking sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, until golden brown.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. In a small bowl, mix together the oil, salt, and pepper. Rub the oil mixture over the meats. Roast the pork shoulder about 1 hour. Roast the beef chuck about 1 12 hours, until a meat thermometer registers 170 degrees for each meat. Remove the meats from the oven and let cool for 20 minutes. Cover and refrigerate up to one day or until ready to use., ingredients: [1 12 pounds cooked boneless pork shoulder and 1 12 pounds cooked beef chuck roast, cut into 12inch cubes recipe follows, 1 cup chopped yellow onions, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup red burgundy wine, 1 cup chopped button mushrooms, 1 small bunch fresh basil, chopped about 14 cup, 12 small bunch fresh parsley, chopped about 3 tablespoons, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup demiglace, 3 pounds puff pastry homemade or storebought, 1 egg, lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 14 pounds boneless pork shoulder roast, 2 14 pounds boneless beef chuck roast], title: Tavern Beef and Pork Pie, picturelink: null}, 19081: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the lamb: In a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the lamb, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook until the meat gets nice and golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. With a slotted spoon, remove the lamb and reserve. Lower the heat to medium and saute the onions in the lamb juices until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the oregano and garlic and cook until fragrant. Season. Add the tomato paste and cook until it caramelizes. Deglaze with the red wine and scrape any bits up that have adhered to the pan. Add the lamb back in, stir and set aside.nFor the tzatziki: Grate the cucumber on the large holes of a box grater and place in a finemeshed strainer or cheese cloth fitted over a bowl. Salt the cucumber and let sit 10 minutes. Then squeeze out any excess moisture. Add the strained cucumber into a bowl with the yogurt, feta, garlic and mint. Adjust the seasoning if necessary.nFor the cucumber tomato relish: Toss the olive oil, vinegar, tomatoes, cucumbers and onions in a bowl and adjust the seasoning if necessary. Cover and let sit at least 1 hour to marry the flavors.nFor the sandwich build: Schmear the tzatziki on the pitas, then place on the lamb and top with cucumber tomato relish., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 pounds ground lamb, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 red onion, minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 tablespoons dry red wine, 1 English cucumber, Salt, 1 cup wholemilk Greek yogurt, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 clove garlic, minced or pressed, 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 firm tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 English cucumber, seeded and diced, 12 red onion, diced, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 nonpocket pitas, oiled and lightly griddled on each side], title: Greek Taco, picturelink: RRzs7w6nC4mGhQGdx78SEy5uu0AbVou}, 19082: {instructions: Blend all ingredients together until it looks like a loose pancake batter. This will make between 8 to 10 crepes, depending on how thin they are made. They work best when they are almost paper thin. Pour small amount onto hot crepe pan and cook approximately 2 minutes on each side., ingredients: [1 egg, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 1 cup water], title: Grandma Nancys Crepe Recipe, picturelink: null}, 19083: {instructions: Heat oil in medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onion and saute until just beginning to soften. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes and lemon juice. Bring to simmer, remove from heat. Combine sundried tomatoes and next 5 ingredients in processor. Process until vegetables are finely chopped.nTransfer to medium bowl, stir in tomato mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with vegetables., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 cup canned crushed tomatoes with added puree, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 14 cup coarsely chopped drained oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 14 cup pitted green olives, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, 4 large drained canned artichoke hearts, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts], title: Kickin Crudite with Mediterranean Relish, picturelink: null}, 19084: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, in a skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook until caramel colored, stirring occasionally.nPour 1inch of water into a skillet and bring to boil. Add salt and asparagus and cook 3 minutes, drain.nStir in thyme, mustard, balsamic vinegar and pepper into onions and toss with asparagus to coat., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, Salt, 1 pound asparagus, trimmed and cut into bite sized pieces on an angle, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 to 3 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper], title: AsparagusCaramelized Onion Salad, picturelink: TEF85cp8EvrBhCdhKZdwI3rOIDEiGW}, 19085: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Dust a heavy baking sheet with cornmeal. Set aside.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough into a 14inch thick rectangle about 16 inches long and 8 inches wide. Transfer the dough to the prepared baking sheet.nFor the topping: In a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the leeks and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds until aromatic. In batches, add the spinach and cook until wilted, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the feta cheese and mint. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nUsing the tines of a fork, prick the surface of the dough all over. Spread the spinach mixture on top and dot with butter.nBake until the dough is golden and crunchy, 15 to 18 minutes. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [Cornmeal, for dusting, Flour, for dusting, 1 1 pound ball storebought pizza dough, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 leeks, pale green and white parts only, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 ounces baby spinach leaves, 1 4ounce chunk feta cheese, crumbled recommended: Athenos, 34 cup chopped fresh mint, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened], title: Greek Pizza, picturelink: SrDZhpsTSWT2MklI2pjCiJIjiEXjEO}, 19086: {instructions: 1. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook according to the package instructions until al dente. Drain well and rinse under cold running water.n2. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Continue cooking until the milk solids in the saucepan turn hazelnut brown, about 2 minutes. Immediately pour the melted butter into a small bowl.n3. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a very large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, occasionally stirring and breaking it up with the side of the spoon into bitesized pieces, until lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook until it softens, about 1 minute. Stir in the tomato paste and parsley and mix well. Pour into a colander to drain the excess fat. Clean the skillet.n4. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally, until it is lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Add the sausage mixture and stir well. Season to taste with salt and pepper.n5. Transfer the pasta mixture to a serving bowl. Add the browned butter and mix well. Top with the ricotta salata, Sicilian Bread Crumbs, and mint. Drizzle with additional olive oil, toss, and serve immediately.n1. To make the bread crumbs: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. With the machine running, drop the garlic through the tube of a food processor to mince the garlic. Add the bread cubes, oil, and parsley and pulse until the bread becomes coarse crumbs. Spread on an 18by13inch halfsheet pan. Bake, stirring occasionally, until the crumbs are lightly toasted and smell garlicky, 7 to 10 minutes. Let cool. Makes 2 cups. Measure out 1 cup of the bread crumbs. Reserve the remaining bread crumbs for another use they can be frozen in an airtight container for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 pound ziti or other tubeshaped pasta, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, 1 pound merguez sausage see Chef Talk, below, casings removed, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup 3 ounces shredded ricotta salata cheese, 12 cup Sicilian Bread Crumbs see below or pantoasted soft bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 3 cups cubed 1inch trimmed brioche, challah, or crusty Italian bread, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Rigatoni with Merguez, Ricotta Salata, and Brown Butter, picturelink: f2V5EIWn7zivfqmEIgyFttjCRVCbbnm}, 19087: {instructions: Heat a grill pan or outdoor grill to medium.nDrizzle 2 tablespoons of oil over steaks and season all sides with salt and pepper, to taste. Put on a hot grill pan or outdoor grill. Allow the meat to cook for about 3 minutes on the first side without moving. Turn, and cook until preferred doneness is reached, another 5 minutes just a bit more for larger cuts. Remove the steaks from the grill to a cutting board and allow to rest 5 to 7 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the sauce. In a medium saucepan over high heat, add the shallots and remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and cook until golden. Deglaze the pan with pomegranate juice, scraping up the brown bits, then stir in the cherry preserves. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until thick. Taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary.nThinly slice the steak against the grain and arrange on serving plates. Serve with the cherry sauce., ingredients: [4 tablespoons garlic infused olive oil, divided, 2 12 pounds trimmed hanger steaks, or approximately 4 8ounce pieces, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 13 cup pomegranate juice, 1 cup cherry preserves], title: Hanger Steak with Shallot Cherry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19088: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut squash in half lengthwise and remove seeds and fibers. Place squash cut side down in a baking dish. Pour the stock into the dish. Place in the oven and bake for 20 minutes.nScoop out the fruit from the apples, leaving a 14 border. Remove squash from oven, place apples cut side down in baking dish, fitting them around the squash. Return to oven and bake until squash and apples are just tender, about 15 to20 minutes more. Turn squash and apples over. Dot with butter and brown sugar. Return to oven for 10 minutes.nRemove squash and apples from oven. Transfer apples to a warm platter and reserve, covered. Scoop squash flesh into a medium bowl. Mash with the cream, walnut oil, cinnamon and ginger, adding salt and pepper, to taste. Scoop the squash into the apple halves and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon walnut oil, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 12 lbs.acorn squash, peeled and chopped, 3 large pippin apples, cut in half horizontally and cored, 1 cup chicken stock, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Acorn Squash in Roasted Apples, picturelink: null}, 19089: {instructions: Cut the mango into medium pieces, on a cutting board, and freeze. Add the lemon pico di gallo salt to a small saucer plate. Juice 12 lime and add it to another small saucer plate. Dip the rims of each glass, first into the lime juice and then into the salt. Pour very chilled Cava into the wine glasses. Sprinkle each glass with fresh ginger juice and add a few pieces of frozen mango. Top with a small scoop of mango sorbet and serve.nEnjoy, ingredients: [j, 1 ripe mango, peeled, 1 bottle Cava Spanish sparkling wine, 1 tablespoon lemon pico di gallo salt, 1 lime, halved, 4 teaspoons fresh ginger juice, 12 cup mango sorbet], title: Mango Tango, picturelink: null}, 19090: {}, 19091: {instructions: Preparation: Slice Kumquats into coin sized shapes, discard seeds, and put into mixing glass. Add mint leaves, simple syrup, lime wedges, and muddle ingredients. Fill glass with ice, add light rum, and fill with soda water. Stir and garnish with four 4 reserved kumquat slices., ingredients: [8 large Kumquats, 6 whole mint leaves, 1 lime, 2 oz simple syrup, 2 oz light rum, soda water.], title: Kumquat Mojito, picturelink: null}, 19092: {instructions: Boil the potato pieces in a pan of salted water for 15 to 20 minutes, or until tender. Drain well, and mash with a potato masher or ricer until smooth. Set aside to cool. In a bowl, gradually add enough water to the chappati flour to be able to bring the mixture together as a dough. Bring the mixture together into a ball using your hands, then turn out the dough ball onto a lightlyfloured work surface and knead lightly for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the dough is smooth and elastic. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, mix together the cooled mashed potatoes, and the ground coriander, ground cumin, amchoor powder, chopped green chile, chopped cilantro, lime juice, and chile powder until well combined. Season the mixture with salt, to taste. Divide the potato mixture into 6 even portions, and roll each portion into a ball, using your hands, and set aside.nRoll 6 eggsized balls from the dough mixture, and then flatten them into 4inch disks using your hands or a lightlyfloured rolling pin. Place 1 potato ball on top of each dough disk, then bring the dough around the potato balls and seal the edges, using a little water, if necessary.nCarefully flatten the stuffed dough balls slightly using your hands.nHeat a griddle pan or tawa Indian griddle over a low heat. Brush each of the stuffed dough balls all over with the oil, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, or until golden brown on both sides. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 potatoes, peeled and cut into pieces, Water, as necessary, 1 34 pounds chappati flour or sift equal parts whole wheat flour and allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon amchoor powder dried mango powder, 1 green chile, finely chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon chile powder, Kosher salt, Vegetable oil], title: Aloo Paratha, picturelink: null}, 19093: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the beef: In a large pan with straight sides on mediumhigh heat, add the bacon and cook, while stirring, until crisp. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a paper towellined plate. Leave the bacon fat in the pan and add the olive oil, beef, onion powder, garlic powder, oregano, salt and pepper. Brown the beef while breaking it up into bits, about 10 minutes. Remove the beef with a slotted spoon to a plate and reserve. Leave the fat in the pan for the sauce.nFor the sauce: Add the butter and flour to the alreadyhot pan from the beef. If the butter begins to brown, lower the heat while working it into the flour. Cook, stirring, for a few minutes, then raise the heat and slowly whisk in the milk. Once it begins to thicken slightly, add the heavy cream and continue to cook until the sauce reduces a bit more and thickens as well. Add the mustard. The sauce will not be thick like gravy, but not as thin as water either. Taste and season with a pinch of salt.nFor the casserole: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a 13by9inch casserole dish, layer starting at the bottom with: a few spoonfuls of sauce to cover the bottom, half of the ravioli in 1 layer, the Swiss cheese, half of the beef, half of the tomatoes, half of the remaining sauce, the remaining ravioli in 1 layer, the American cheese, the remaining beef, the remaining tomatoes, the remaining sauce and the reserved bacon. Top with all of the shredded cheese blend. Bake until the edges are bubbly and the cheese begins to brown, 30 to 35 minutes.nToss the lettuce and onion in a large bowl with the pickle juice. Serve each portion of casserole with a mound of this garnish over the top., ingredients: [8 strips bacon, chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 pounds ground chuck 80 percent beef, 20 percent fat, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons Mexican oregano, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, at room temperature, 1 pint 2 cups heavy cream, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, Kosher salt, 2 pounds frozen cheese ravioli, thawed, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 8 slices American cheese, 8 ounces shredded Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheese blend, 1 head iceberg lettuce, finely shredded like straw, 14 cup thinly sliced red onion like paper thin, 2 tablespoons pickle juice], title: Sunnys Bacon Cheeseburger Casserole, picturelink: 3pFglebaTZtDZQYryFiRHU.JxNJ4RRG}, 19094: {instructions: Place 1 fresh sage leaf into a small mason jar and press gently  do not muddle. Top with shaved ice.nPour the Green TeaInfused Vodka, lemon juice, Honey Peach Syrup and bitters into a metal cocktail shaker and fill with ice cubes. Top with the cap, seal and shake vigorously. Add more shaved ice and 3 more sage leaves to the mason jar. Strain the vodka mixture into the jar. Top with more shaved ice and stir slowly. Top with club soda just to the neck of the jar. Top with more shaved ice and garnish with mashed fresh peaches and the remaining sage leaf.nIn small saucepan, combine the honey and fresh peach juice. Boil until thoroughly combined. Cool, bottle and store until ready to use.nPour the vodka into a 32ounce mason jar. Place the tea bags into the jar and seal. Put the mason jar in a cold, dark cupboard for 2 hours. Remove the tea bags., ingredients: [5 fresh sage leaves, Shaved ice, 2 ounces Green TeaInfused Vodka, recipe follows, 34 ounce fresh lemon juice, 34 ounce Honey Peach Syrup, recipe follows, 2 dashes bitters recommended: Angostura, Ice cubes, for shaking, Splash club soda, 1 bar spoon fresh mashed peaches, for garnish, 12 cup honey, 12 cup fresh peach juice, 1 bottle vodka recommended: Haute Vodka, 5 bags green tea recommended: Bigelow], title: Loki, picturelink: null}, 19095: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a cooling rack over a baking sheet. Lay the eggplant slices on the rack, generously salting each slice about 14 teaspoon per slice. Place another baking sheet on top of the eggplant and weigh it down with a few cans. Let them sit 30 minutes. Flip the eggplant slices, sprinkle with more salt, weigh down again and let them sit for another 30 minutes. This draws out the bitter juices. Meanwhile, toast the walnuts.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the walnuts on a small baking sheet and pop into the oven until the walnuts give off their nutty aroma and deepen in color, about 5 minutes. When they are cool enough to touch, chop them finely.nMake the ricotta filling: Push the ricotta through a sieve into a medium bowl. This gives the cheese a light, airy texture. Add the toasted walnuts, garlic, mint, date, half the lemon juice, a pinch of salt and a swirl of olive oil. Stir together, taste for seasoning and then set aside.nRinse the eggplant slices well and pat them dry. Warm a grill pan over moderatelyhigh heat. Brush the eggplant slices with olive oil on one side place the oiledside down on the hot griddle and brush the other side. Cook until browned, about 2 minutes, then flip and cook another 2 minutes.nTo assemble the rolls, place a couple of tablespoons of filling at one of end of a slice of eggplant. Roll and place on a plate seamside down. Top the eggplant rolls with the remaining lemon juice, a swirl of extravirgin olive oil and the reserved mint leaves, torn over the dish. Serve hot or at warm temperature., ingredients: [1 large globe eggplant, sliced lengthwise about 14inch thick, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons raw walnut halves and pieces, 1 cup partskim ricotta, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons minced fresh mint leaves, plus more whole leaves for garnish, 1 date or 1 prune, finely chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Eggplant Rolls with Ricotta, Walnuts and Mint, picturelink: E8RJkucVJ68PyFUMtmtUnG8F2g1NeO}, 19096: {instructions: In a small bowl stir together yogurt, lime juice, and cayenne pepper set aside.nSpoon 14 of drained fruit into the bottom of 2 wine or parfait glasses. Add 14 of the banana. Spoon 14 cup yogurt mixture over fruit and top with 14 cup of granola. Repeat layers.nServe immediately garnished with a sprig of fresh mint., ingredients: [2 cups nonfat vanilla yogurt recommended: Dannon Lite and Fit, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, 1 15.25ounce can tropical fruit salad, drained recommended: Dole, 1 banana, sliced, 1 cup cinnamon granola cereal, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Tropical Fruit Parfait, picturelink: 5vPO9V.Y4E93wOZAq5nhvsPQ.ZmZJ.W}, 19097: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a regularsize cupcake pan with 18 cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, add the sifted dry ingredients and mix on low speed for 30 seconds. Slowly add the oil to the mixture until fine crumbs are formed. Add the eggs, milk, raspberry extract, and pureed raspberries and mix on low speed for 1 minute. Stop and scrape the bowl and paddle, and then mix on medium speed for 2 minutes.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake until baked through, about 20 minutes. Do not open the oven during this time. Cool cupcakes completely after baking.nPut the Champagne Buttercream Frosting into a pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip. Frost each cupcake in a circular motion until the top of the cupcake is completely covered and serve.nIn the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a whisk attachment, whip the butter until creamed. Add the powdered sugar and champagne and mix until the ingredients are evenly incorporated and the frosting is smooth and creamy., ingredients: [2 13 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 cups white sugar, 12 cup canola oil, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups whole milk, 12 teaspoon raspberry extract, 2 tablespoons pureed fresh raspberries, Champagne Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, 1 pound unsalted butter, room temperature, 6 cups powdered sugar, 4 tablespoons Champagne, or 1 tablespoon Champagne flavoring], title: Winning Recipe Raspberry Cupcakes with Champagne Buttercream Frosting, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 19098: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a saute pan over high heat. Add the shallot, and red bell pepper, and saute for 1 minute reduce the heat to medium. Stir the mustard into the cream, and pour the cream into the pan. Allow the liquid to reduce slightly and achieve a thick consistency.nAdd in the spinach, and toss until the greens are slightly wilted. Add the tarragon, and lemon juice to the spinach, and toss to combine. Adjust the seasonings with salt, to taste, if desired., ingredients: [1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 shallot, diced, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup whipping cream, Bunch spinach, stemmed, washed thoroughly and dried, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped tarragon leaves, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt], title: Creamed Spinach, picturelink: null}, 19099: {instructions: To make the sauce: In a mortar and pestle or food processor, combine the tomatoes, chiles, onion, and garlic and pound or process until blended but still with a little texture. In a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until it is very hot. Add the sauce all at once and cook, stirring constantly, for 5 minutes until thickened and orangecolored. Stir in the salt and remove from the heat Makes 2 cups.nFor the Huevos : If the sauce has cooled, rewarm it gently. If the tortillas are fresh, spread them in a single layer and let them dry out for 5 minutes. In a large castiron skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Fry the tortillas, one at a time, for 2 or 3 seconds per side, just to soften them. Drain them on paper towels. Reduce the heat under the skillet to mediumlow and wait a few minutes for it to cool down. Break 6 of the eggs into the skillet and let them cook slowly until set cover the skillet if you like the yolk firm. Season the eggs with salt and pepper to taste and transfer them to a roasting pan to keep warm in the oven. Add a little more oil to the pan, if necessary, and fry the remaining 6 eggs in the same way.nDip each tortilla quickly in the warm sauce and place it on a warmed breakfast plate. Spread some of the refried beans evenly on the tortilla and top with 2 fried eggs. Spoon more of the sauce generously over the edges of each tortilla and the whites of the eggs. Garnish with the crema and the avocado, then sprinkle with the crumbled cheese, parsley, and cilantro and serve immediately., ingredients: [10 ripe plum tomatoes, roasted see Note, peeled, cored, and chopped, 4 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired, and coarsely chopped, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil, 34 teaspoon salt, 6 large, thick corn tortillas, preferably stale, 14 cup canola or vegetable oil, or as needed, 12 large eggs, preferably freerange, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups warm refried pinto beans, 1 cup Crema, recipe follows, or sour cream, 1 avocado, peeled, seeded, and cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup crumbled Anejo or Panela cheese, 12 small bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves only, coarsely chopped, 12 small bunch cilantro, leaves only, coarsely chopped], title: Huevos Rancheros, picturelink: null}, 19100: {instructions: Zest the lemons into a bowl. Add the juice of the lemons with the pepper, whisk in olive oil then season the dressing with salt, to taste. Toss the tomatoes and greens with dressing and adjust seasoning., ingredients: [2 lemons, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 12 pint yellow tomatoes, halved or 2 vine ripe yellow tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 2 hearts romaine lettuce, shredded or chopped], title: LemonPepper Salad, picturelink: null}, 19101: {instructions: Add the oil to a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions, garlic and the red pepper flakes. Cook until slightly caramelized for about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the greens and toss well to wilt. Add the sugar and broth and toss together. Turn the heat down and cover. Cook until liquid is evaporated and greens become glazed, tossing occasionally, about 6 to 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and transfer to a serving bowl. Serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup diced onions, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 large bunch collard greens, stemmed and sliced very thin, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper], title: Spicy Sweet Collards, picturelink: null}, 19102: {instructions: In a very large pot put small amount of water in bottom of pan and bring to a boil. Place rack in the bottom of the pan. Chicken goes in first, rib side down, with a layer of cornhusks on top. Cover and cook for about 5 minutes. Then, layer the corn, lobster, shrimp, clams and potatoes on top of the chicken. Cover and cook until shellfish is pink and chicken is cooked throughout., ingredients: [4 chicken breasts with ribs and skin, cut in half, 4 ears corn, save husks, 4 lobster tails, 1 pound shrimp in shells, deveined, 24 littleneck clams, 2 pounds small red potatoes, cooked], title: Wachowicz Family Seafood Feast, picturelink: null}, 19103: {instructions: For the cauliflower: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTrim the green leaves from the base of each head of cauliflower. Then trim a sliver off of each base to level it. Make 2 equal slices vertically from the top to the base of each head of cauliflower, creating 4 steaks in total.nIn a large baking dish, add the beer, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, red chile flakes, garlic, a nice pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Whisk until the sugar and salt dissolve, then place the steaks in 1 layer in the dish.nBake the steaks, flipping them once, until tender but still firm enough to hold their shape, about 20 minutes. Use your judgment when you flip them to determine if they need to cook the full 20 minutes.nTransfer the cauliflower steaks to a paper towellined baking sheet reserve the baking liquid for the next step. Pat the top of each steak dry as well.nFor the glaze: In a medium bowl, add the jam, jerk seasoning, lime juice and 14 cup of the cauliflower baking liquid. Stir to loosen and combine.nHeat a castiron griddle to mediumhigh heat cast iron is preferred, but you can use a large pan and do this in batches, or use a nonstick griddle, but cast ironoooohcast iron.nDrizzle each cauliflower steak with olive oil on both sides followed by a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper. Place the steaks on the griddle and cook until lightly golden brown when you take a peek beneath, 4 to 6 minutes gently flip the steaks, then allow them to become golden brown again on the other side. Brush the tops and sides of each liberally with the glaze. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes more, then remove to a platter and sprinkle with the mint and cilantro. Serve warm.nChop the chilled leftovers for a quick salad., ingredients: [2 large heads cauliflower, 4 cups beer I like Corona here, but you can use your favorite just try to stay away from flavors, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon red chile flakes, 2 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, to drizzle, 1 cup apricot jam, 1 cup jerk seasoning paste, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Sunnys Jerk Jam Cauliflower Steaks, picturelink: KwyvSjdYNXTVokxWkb.dKJHszhNkt6}, 19104: {instructions: In a blender, combine the yogurt, cucumber, scallion and dill. Pulse until pureed. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Ladle into individual bowls. Top each serving with 2 tablespoons of diced tomato, drizzle with 12 teaspoon of olive oil and garnish with a dill sprig.nExcellent source of: Protein, Vitamin A, Vitamin C, CalciumnGood source of: Vitamin K., ingredients: [3 cups plain nonfat yogurt, 1 English cucumber about 1 pound, cut into chunks, 1 scallion, white and green parts, coarsely chopped about 14 cup, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, plus sprigs for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium tomato about 5 ounces, seeded and diced, 2 teaspoons olive oil], title: Cool Cucumber Soup, picturelink: yj9fAaTAQ.eabuRoPlhUQc4hbnp6}, 19105: {instructions: Preheat oven 450 degrees F.nDissolve yeast in water. Pour flour into a mound onto the counter. Add dissolved yeast, salt, and olive oil to center. Work in flour from outside into liquid with fork until it resembles a dough. Work in rest of flour by hand. Leave 1 tablespoon flour unincorporated. Place dough in bowl. Sprinkle with leftover flour. Cover with dishtowel. Let rest for about 1 hour at room temperature, until double in size.nPass tomatoes through food mill using smallest holes into small bowl. Set aside.nWhen dough is ready, place heavy aluminum foil on a pizza board. Oil it with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Spread dough on foil, using fingertips to about 16 inches by 14 inches. Spread on pureed tomatoes. Sprinkle on mozzarella. Distribute anchovies and capers. Add salt, pepper, and oregano. Drizzle on remaining 1 12 tablespoons olive oil.nBake on middle shelf for 35 minutes or until crisp. Remove. Slice and serve., ingredients: [12 ounce fresh yeast or 1 package active dry yeast, 1 cup minus 2 tablespoons lukewarm water, 2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 12 tablespoons olive oil, 3 large ripe tomatoes, peeled and quartered or 6 canned San Marzano tomatoes, drained, 6 ounces mozzarella, coarsely grated, 3 whole anchovies in salt, rinsed, boned, and drained, 1 12 tablespoons capers, drained, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon minced fresh oregano], title: Pizza from Naples: Pizza alla Neapoletana, picturelink: null}, 19106: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the marinade: With a sharp knife, clean the chops, trimming away the excess fat cap and any bone fragments. In a medium mixing bowl, combine the mint, parsley, rosemary, thyme, lemon juice, bay leaf, salt and pepper with the olive oil. Place the lamb chops into large resealable plastic bag and pour the marinade over the top. Marinate for up to an hour.nFor the tapenade: In a food processor, pulse together the olives, orange zest, parsley, anchovy and chile until coarsely chopped. Drizzle in the olive oil and orange juice while continuing to pulse for about a minute, until the ingredients are incorporated and the tapenade is a coarse paste. Do not over process. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the tbone lamb chops: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat. Using tongs and an oilblotted paper towel, wipe down the grill grates to clean and create a nonstick surface. Remove the lamb from the marinade, wiping off excess, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the chops onto grill, fatside down. Grill for about 2 minutes and rotate 45 degrees to form a crosshatch mark. Continue grilling for another 2 minutes and flip. Rotate the lamb chops 45 degrees to finish and bring to desired cooking temperature, 5 to 6 minutes total for 135 degrees F internal temperature or mediumrare. Remove from the grill and allow to rest.nTo serve: Arrange the lamb chops on serving dish, garnishing each with about 1 tablespoon tapenade, finishing with torn mint and serving with remaining tapenade on the side., ingredients: [8 to 12 2inch thick Tbone lamb chops, 2 sprigs fresh mint, torn or roughly chopped, 2 sprigs fresh parsley, torn or roughly chopped, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, torn roughly chopped, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, torn or roughly chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 lemon, cut in half and squeezed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 rounds freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for grilling], title: Grilled Lamb Chops with Olive Tapenade, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 19107: {instructions: 1. Pre heat oven to 350 degrees F.n2. Trim green beans and add to a pot of boiling salted water along with sliced lemons. Cook for about 10 minutes until barely cooked. Drain.n3. In a large saute pan, saute onions, mushrooms and garlic in butter 5 to 6 minutes until softened and cooked. Remove from heat.n4. To saute pan, add condensed soup, green beans, seasonings and 12 cup of fried onions. Stir to mixn5. Transfer to a buttered 2quart baking dish. Can be prepared to here up to 1 day ahead and refrigerated.n6. Bake for 20 minutes, top with cheese and remaining fried onions. Bake another 10 minutes, or until the casserole is hot and bubbly and the cheese is melted., ingredients: [3 cups sliced, fresh green beans, 12 lemon, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup diced onion, 34 cup sliced mushrooms, 1 10.75 oz. can condensed cream of mushroom soup, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon black pepper, pinch kosher salt, 34 cup Frenchs Fried Onions, 1 cup grated white cheddar or Gruyere cheese], title: Green Bean Casserole Parisienne, picturelink: 8U9psDdRrgL0lS1piYtFy4s5qQg5ySO}, 19108: {instructions: Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add onion and saute until translucent. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add garlic and cook for another minute. Add spices and cook until fragrant. Add yogurt, halfandhalf, thawed spinach with its liquid, and drained chickpeas. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until heated through., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, diced, Salt and pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup whole milk plain yogurt, 34 cup halfandhalf, 2 10ounce packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed], title: Indian Spinach and Chickpeas, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 19109: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix together 14 cup oil, garam masala, ginger, garlic, and 1 tablespoon salt. Place chicken in a large baking dish or plastic bag, loosen the skin from the breast and legs of the chicken and, using your hands, spread a good part of the mixture underneath. Rub the remaining mixture inside the chicken cavity and over the skin. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Loosely cover, refrigerate, and let marinate 30 minutes or up to 12 hours.nArrange the rack in the center of the oven and heat oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove chicken from marinade, let any excess drip off, and reserve marinade. Let chicken sit at room temperature while oven warms up, about 30 minutes.nWhen the oven is heated, place potatoes, squash, and onions in bottom of a roasting pan, drizzle with any remaining marinade, remaining 14 cup oil, remaining 1 tablespoon salt, and season well freshly ground black pepper. Toss to coat. Place chicken, breast side up, on top of vegetables and roast until skin becomes brown and vegetables are starting to get tender, about 1 hour. Brush yogurt on chicken and continue roasting until chicken is well browned, juices run clear when inner thigh is pierced with a knife, legs move easily in the joint, and a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest portion of the thigh registers160 to 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about another 40 to 50 minutes. Let chicken rest at least 10 to 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup peanut oil, 4 teaspoons garam masala, 1 2inch piece ginger, sliced, 8 medium garlic cloves, smashed, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 4 to 5 pound whole chicken, 1 12 pounds red potatoes, halved, 1 pound butternut squash, large dice, 1 medium red onion, large dice, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup plain whole milk yogurt], title: Garam Masala Chicken with Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: 68rsbRVPX3zyoqkpJCThiceuzVPjbw.}, 19110: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter two 9inchround cake pans line the bottoms with parchment paper.nWhisk the flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger, cardamom, allspice and salt in a large bowl set aside. Combine the pumpkin, sugar, orange zest and vanilla in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until each one is incorporated. With the mixer running, add the vegetable oil in a steady stream. Add the flour mixture and mix just until incorporated. Divide the batter between the 2 prepared pans lightly tap the pans on the counter to distribute the batter.nTransfer the pans to the oven and bake until the cakes begin pulling away from the pans and the centers spring back when lightly pressed, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool 10 minutes in the pans, then unmold onto the rack and let cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Combine the sugar and 14 cup water in a large deep saucepan over mediumhigh heat bring to a simmer and cook, without stirring, until deep amber, about 8 minutes. Carefully whisk in the cream and cook, whisking, until smooth. Add the corn syrup and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and cook, whisking occasionally, until the sauce thickens slightly and coats the back of a spoon, 40 to 50 minutes. Remove from the heat whisk in the butter, chocolate, vanilla and salt until smooth. Let cool completely, then fold in the pecans. Cover and refrigerate until firm but spreadable, about 1 hour.nAssemble the cake: Cut each cake in half horizontally with a serrated knife to make 4 layers. Put 1 layer on a platter spread onethird of the pecan filling on top. Layer the remaining cakes and filling on top, ending with cake. Refrigerate until set, about 1 hour.nMake the glaze: Combine the chocolate, cocoa powder, butter and honey in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave 1 minute uncover and whisk until smooth. Let cool to room temperature, then spread on the cake, letting the excess drip down the sides. Refrigerate until the glaze sets, about 10 minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the pans, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 14 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup sugar, 1 quart heavy cream, 14 cup dark corn syrup, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 cups pecans, toasted and chopped, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 teaspoons honey], title: Pumpkin Spice Cake With ChocolatePecan Filling, picturelink: UlLRfgidW73tuMBIBzZQ7dMTRW2q6kq}, 19111: {instructions: Heat the milk in a medium stainlesssteel saucepan over medium heat and bring almost to a boil. Remove from the heat.nBeat the egg yolks and sugar on mediumhigh speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until pale and thick, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, sprinkle on the cornstarch. Beat on mediumlow speed until combined, scraping down the bowl with a rubber spatula.nWith the mixer on low speed, slowly pour the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture. Pour the mixture back into the pan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens, 5 to 7 minutes. Pay attention because it will thicken and then quickly become scrambled eggsnImmediately, pour the mixture through a fine sieve into a large bowl. Stir in the vanilla, Cognac, butter, and heavy cream. Place plastic wrap directly on the custard and refrigerate until cold., ingredients: [3 cups milk, 10 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons sifted cornstarch, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon Cognac, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon heavy cream], title: Cognac Cream, picturelink: fjbiPAE0Kn.OKY5QSVVWQ0OlMUDlcdG}, 19112: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRinse chicken wings and pat dry. Remove tip and discard separate each wing at the joint into 2 pieces. Place wings in a shallow dish and pour over the soy sauce, ginger, cilantro, garlic, and lemon juice. Toss well to coat marinate, refrigerated, for 2 hours.nRemove wings from marinade and pat dry season with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter in the olive oil. When the butter stops foaming, add the honey and chicken wings and fry until browned on each side, about 5 minutes. Continue cooking the wings, turning them over often to coat them as the glaze reduces. Cook until the wings are sticky and cooked through. Garnish with sesame seeds and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup honey, Sesame seeds, for garnish, 2 pounds chicken wings, 1 cup low sodium soy sauce,, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Sticky HoneySoy Chicken Wings, picturelink: qOTxPL8UQ2knJdF9bbG0BJU1TDh8iK}, 19113: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour the beans onto a plate, and pickover looking for bad beans, or stones. Place beans in bowl, cover with water by at least 2 inches, and soak overnight.nPreheat oven to 250 degrees F.nDrain beans and place in 4quart bean pot. Add onion, dry mustard, pepper, salt, and maple syrup. Add water to cover. Cut salt pork into 1inch pieces and place on top of beans. Bake covered, approximately 8 hours. Check each hour to see if water needs to be added. You can add more maple syrup in place of water for flavor, if desired.nServe the beans with brown bread, franks, or ham. For breakfast, serve with eggs, bacon, and homefries., ingredients: [1 pound small white pea beans, 1 onion, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 to 2 cup pure maple syrup, plus more if desired, 13 pound salt pork, Salt], title: French Canadian Not Boston Baked Beans, picturelink: MdRewOk4VNstBgVHbJIOuKs0t1nvtga}, 19114: {instructions: Special equipment: wooden skewers that have been soaked in water for several hoursnCut the chicken into 1inch2.5 cm cubes and put them into a glass bowl. Combine the garlic, vinegar, and oil and pour it over the chicken. Cover and let marinate for a few hours, turning now and again. Meanwhile, soak wooden skewers in water. Preheat a grill. Before grilling, skewer the chicken cubes and fig halves alternately on skewers, without shoving them right up against each other.nGrill on both sides until the chicken in fully cooked, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup125 ml balsamic vinegar, 12 cup125 ml olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 fresh figs, halved], title: Balsamic Chicken and Fig Brochettes, picturelink: null}, 19115: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Spread the bread out on a rimmed baking sheet and toast until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Let cool.nPut the vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, the tomatoes and their juices and the garlic in a large bowl and toss together. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the corn and spread in a single layer. Cook until blackened in spots, about 3 minutes. Add the chiles and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and crisptender, about 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to the bowl with the tomatoes.nAdd the bread to the bowl and gently stir together season with salt. Stir in the cilantro and serve., ingredients: [4 ounces wholegrain countrystyle boule without crusts, cut into 1inch dice 3 cups, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt, 4 ripe tomatoes, chopped and juices reserved, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups fresh corn kernels, 1 serrano chile, stemmed, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 medium onion, diced, 14 cup fresh cilantro, chopped], title: Charred Corn Panzanella, picturelink: imOtt1I9zSFrePCoOOOvmAhWIqKuYGy}, 19116: {instructions: Special equipment: Eight 12inch wooden skewersnSoak eight 12inch wooden skewers in water for 30 minutes. Prepare a grill for medium heat. Cut a 12inchsquare piece of aluminum foil.nStir together the oil, Italian seasoning and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl.nDust a work surface with flour. Roll the dough into a rectangle about 11 by 6 by 14 inches. Using a pizza wheel or a knife, cut the dough into 1inch strips, then into 1inch squares. Add the dough squares, tomatoes and sausage to the seasoned oil, and toss gently to coat.nWorking quickly to keep the dough from getting warm, thread the skewers, alternating sausage pieces skewer them through the casings, tomatoes and dough squares skewer them through opposite sides of each square, keeping them as flat as possible so they cook through. Leave 12 inch of the skewer at both ends empty. Each skewer should have 4 pieces each of sausage and dough and about 3 tomatoes.nGrill the skewers, covered, until the tomatoes have dark grill lines and the dough squares have started to puff, 2 to 3 minutes. Put the prepared foil square on the grill, and transfer the skewers onto the foil cookedside up, so that they are almost touching. Top with the mozzarella, and grill, covered, until the tomatoes are soft, the dough squares have doubled in size and the mozzarella has melted, 3 minutes more.nDivide the skewers among 4 plates. Tear the basil leaves over the tops. Serve with the marinara sauce, for dipping, and pass the Parmesan and red pepper flakes., ingredients: [1 cup of your favorite marinara sauce, warmed, for dipping, Grated Parmesan, optional, Crushed red pepper flakes, optional, 13 cup olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning, Kosher salt, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 12 pound pizza dough, cool to the touch, 1 pint grape tomatoes 24 to 30, 12 ounces cooked sweet Italian chicken sausage links about 4 links, sliced 12 inch thick, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 12 cup fresh basil leaves], title: Kids Can Make: Pizza Skewers, picturelink: tP5U4etMtEoVTlrgG8sa9nC08600dG}, 19117: {instructions: Heat a medium saute pan on medium heat. Add the chorizo and cook until golden in color, about 6 minutes. Remove the chorizo to a drain on a plate lined with some paper towels. Add the onions to the pan with the chorizo fat. Saute until the onions are translucent, about 4 minutes. Return the chorizo to the pan. Add the refried beans to the mixture. Continue cooking for about 5 minutes. Turn the heat off and reserve for tostadas and burritos., ingredients: [6 ounces raw pork chorizo, 12 medium white onion, finely chopped, Two 15.2ounce cans refried pinto beans], title: Chorizo Refried Beans, picturelink: JED3PuVMfbtDxrPoyJ9K8.SYuCxGvnG}, 19118: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPut the brisket in a roasting pan and scatter the mushrooms, carrots, celery and onions on top. Whisk together the ketchup, brown sugar, soy sauce, vinegar, Worcestershire and 2 cups water in a bowl and pour it over the top. Cover the pan with foil and cook for about 5 hours.nTransfer the brisket to a plate, cover it with foil and let it rest for 20 minutes. Transfer the vegetables to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm. Skim most of the fat from the liquid and strain.nTo serve, slice the brisket and put it on a platter with the vegetables. Pour over the sauce and serve with extra sauce on the side., ingredients: [One 6 to 8pound beef brisket, trimmed, One 10ounce box mushrooms, sliced, 5 large carrots, peeled and sliced, 2 stalks celery, sliced, 2 onions, sliced, 1 cup ketchup, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce], title: Beths Brisket, picturelink: pbP4ga3HZ3W4tbBOgK.bKdphsB0si}, 19119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the wings at home:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the wings with salt and pepper. Arrange the chicken wings on a baking sheet in a single layer. Put in the preheated oven and cook for 45 minutes.nRemove the wings from the oven to a bowl and allow to cool. Cover and refrigerate until ready to finish at the event on the barbecue.nFor the Carolina sauce at home:nCombine all of the ingredients in a resealable gallonsize plastic bag and combine well.nFor the wings tailgaiting:nPreheat a grill to 350 degrees F, prepared for indirect heat. Add all the wings and cook for 10 to 15 minutes to reheat and get some grill marks, turning after 7 minutes. Remove the wings from the grill to a serving bowl. Add the sauce and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 pound chicken wings, cut into segments, tips removed and discarded, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup ketchup, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 tablespoon adobo sauce, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Carolina Wings, picturelink: yyjTZt8mizbD2ebQoEqbLgzy8K7tP2a}, 19120: {instructions: Cook pasta according to directions. Drain.nSaute asparagus tips in garlic, olive oil, salt and pepper until tender. Add to the pasta along with the basil and sundried tomatoes. Toss to mix. Adjust seasonings as necessary. Refrigerate 1 hour or longer before serving., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 1 cup fresh asparagus tips, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 bunch basil, chopped, 1 cup sundried tomatoes in oil], title: Penne Pasta Salad with Sun Dried Tomatoes, Asparagus and Basil, picturelink: null}, 19121: {instructions: For the shut up sauce: Combine the cilantro, lemon juice, salt, chiles and onions in a blender and mix for 5 minutes until smooth.nFor the super 5 star roll: Cover the bamboo mat with a piece of plastic wrap. Place one sheet of seaweed paper onto the bamboo mat. Spread half the sushi rice onto the seaweed paper and press firmly to create an even layer. Turn the bamboo mat over so the rice becomes the outside of the sushi roll. Place half the spicy salmon and cucumbers onto the seaweed paper. Roll the bamboo mat forward, pressing the ingredients together into a roll. Remove the sushi from the bamboo matplastic wrap. Place half the seared tuna on top of the roll. Slice the sushi roll into bitesize pieces and cover in the shut up sauce. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nThis recipe was provided by a professional chef or restaurant and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 cup cilantro leaves, 12 cup lemon juice, 14 tablespoon salt, 7 Thai chiles, 6 habanero chiles, 4 serrano chiles, 2 small slices white onion, 2 sheets spicy seaweed paper, 1 cup cooked sushi rice, 12 cucumber, peeled, seeded and cut into long thin slices, 2 spicy salmon fillets about 7 ounces each, uncooked, 4 ounces seared spicy tuna, Special equipment: bamboo mat], title: Super 5 Star Roll with Shut Up Sauce, picturelink: rcDepWGE0GU1NzMWNp3eDy0BK0dRia}, 19122: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the tequila, lime juice, orange juice, chili powder, jalapeno pepper, garlic, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Add the chicken breasts. Refrigerate overnight.nHeat a grill with coals and brush the rack with oil to prevent the chicken from sticking. Remove the chicken breasts from the marinade, sprinkle well with salt and pepper, and grill them skinside down for about 5 minutes, until nicely browned. Turn the chicken and cook for another 10 minutes, until just cooked through. Remove from the grill to a plate. Cover tightly and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup gold tequila, 1 cup freshly squeezed lime juice 5 to 6 limes, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice 2 oranges, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon minced fresh jalapeno pepper 1 pepper seeded, 1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic 3 cloves, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 whole 6 split boneless chicken breasts, skin on], title: Tequila Lime Chicken, picturelink: cAvYsiFzLGvtOc1SoKAhWt.Ld0u8iEK}, 19123: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs, then drain and rinse under cold water. Transfer to a bowl drizzle lightly with olive oil and set aside.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, Canadian bacon, garlic, Worcestershire sauce and half of the dill and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is soft and slightly golden, 6 to 8 minutes.nAdd the mixed vegetables and 14 cup water to the pot cover and cook until beginning to soften, 4 minutes. Add the broth, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Bring to a high simmer and cook, uncovered, until the vegetables are tender, 12 to 15 more minutes. Stir in the pasta and the remaining dill season with salt and pepper.nDivide the soup among bowls. Top with the sour cream and sprinkle with paprika. Serve with rolls.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 cup small pasta shells, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 4 ounces Canadian bacon, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup chopped fresh dill, 8 cups precut mixed vegetables, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Freshly ground pepper, 13 cup sour cream, Paprika, for topping, Wholewheat rolls, for serving optional], title: Dill Minestrone Soup, picturelink: 7asaEZITsxgz8zd11aNPuI.069uKvki}, 19124: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine the spring onions, garlic chives, shallots, garlic, black pepper, fish sauce and soy sauce.nIn separate bowl, combine half the marinade, minced pork, and egg and mix well.nAdd the sliced pork belly to the remaining marinade. Cover and marinate both meats in the refrigerator for 2 hours, or overnight for a better result.nForm the pork mixture into small round balls with oiled hands, then slightly press down on each ball to form patties, about 2 inches5 cm in diameter and 12inch 1 cm thick.nHeat a charcoal grill or barbecue to mediumhigh and grill the patties for 4 minutes on each side. Grill the pork belly for 2 minutes on each side or until brown.nPlace the noodles, herbs and patties on three separate platters.nTransfer to 4 to 6 dipping bowls.nFor the dipping sauce: Add fish sauce, vinegar, sugar and water to a saucepan. Mix, then bring to the boil. Transfer to a dipping bowl and add chile, garlic and lime juice., ingredients: [10 spring onions scallions, thinly sliced, 3 12 ounces100 g garlic chives, roughly chopped, 6 tablespoons minced red Asian shallots, 12 cloves garlic, minced 4 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons fish sauce, 4 teaspoons dark soy sauce, 17 12 ounces 500 g minced pork, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 17 12 ounces 500 g pork belly, finely sliced, 17 12 ounces 500 g rice vermicelli noodles, cooked, 7 ounces 200 g mung bean sprouts, 1 bunch perilla, leaves plucked, 1 bunch fresh Asian basil, leaves plucked, 1 bunch fresh Vietnamese mint, leaves plucked, 1 bunch fresh mint, leaves plucked, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup water, 1 chile, diced, 2 cloves garlic, diced, 1 tablespoon lime juice], title: Char Grilled Pork Paddies with Vietnamese Herbs: Bun Cha, picturelink: null}, 19125: {instructions: Over high heat in a heavybottomed stock pot, combine and stir all the ingredients. Bring to a boil uncovered, then reduce heat, cover pot, and simmer for 2530 minutes, rice should be cooked., ingredients: [4 cups longgrain rice, rinsed well, 5 12 cups water, 2 cups coconut milk, 3 to 4 cups pigeon peas, cooked and drained, 1 cup scallions, chopped, 8 sprigs thyme, 1 Scotch Bonnet pepper, whole, 14 cup olive oil, Salt to taste], title: Coconut Rice and Peas, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 19126: {instructions: Stem and brush off surface debris from mushrooms. Whisk milk and eggs until incorporated. Add salt and pepper. Mix flour, bread crumbs, thyme, and additional salt and pepper.nHeat butter in skillet. Dredge mushroom in egg wash, then in crumb mixture. Fry mushroom until golden brown on both sides. Serve with Mashed Potatoes and Gravy.nBoil potatoes until fork tender. Drain well. Add remaining ingredients and mash well.nMake the roux by melting butter in a saucepan. Add flour and stir until incorporated. Add heavy cream and stir well until simmering. Remove from heat and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 portobello mushrooms, 14 cup milk, 4 eggs, beaten, Salt and pepper, 1 cup flour, 1 cup coarsely ground bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon thyme, 12 pound melted butter, Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, Cream Gravy, recipe follows, 5 baking potatoes like russets, unpeeled, 14 pound butter, 14 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 cups heavy cream, Salt and pepper], title: Chicken Fried Portobello Mushroom with Mashed Potatoes and Gravy, picturelink: null}, 19127: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a grill to mediumhigh heat.nIn a large roasting pan over high heat, add the stock, mirin, soy sauce, ginger, toasted sesame oil and lime juice and bring to a boil. Add the crabs, shellside up, and place the pan on the grill. Cover the grill and steam the crabs until they are just cooked through, about 30 minutes, flipping the crabs halfway through cooking. Remove the crabs to a platter.nStrain the steaming liquid into a bowl. Return the liquid to the roasting pan and whisk in the honey, black pepper and chile flakes. Bring to a boil and simmer until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Whisk in the butter. Halve the crabs and put 2 halves into 4 serving bowls. Pour the sauce over and garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [2 cups crab stock, 1 cup mirin, 1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup sliced fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 2 limes, juiced, 4 large Dungeness crab, 2 to 2 12 pounds each, killed and cleaned, 2 to 3 tablespoons honey, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, Pinch red chile flakes, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Dungeness Crabs Steamed on the Grill in Ginger, Lime, Mirin and Soy, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 19128: {instructions: Place the chocolate chips in a large metal bowl set over a pot of boiling water a doubleboiler. Allow the chocolate to melt, with minimal stirring, 5 to 7 minutes. Take each cannoli shell and dip each end of the shell in the chocolate. Allow the excess chocolate to drip off and lay the shells out on a sheet tray lined with parchment paper or a wire rack so they dont stick.nBeat the butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment until it is light and pale yellow in color. Add the cream cheese and beat until well combined. Add the pumpkin puree, confectioners sugar, spices and lemon juice. Mix until well combined. Place the filling in a piping bag fitted with a mediumsize tip. Chill to allow the cheesecake filling to firm up, 15 to 20 minutes. When the mixture is firm, pipe the filling into the chocolatedipped cannoli shells., ingredients: [One 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, for dipping, 6 to 8 large storebought cannoli shells, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup canned pumpkin puree, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 teaspoons lemon juice], title: Pumpkin Cheesecake and Chocolate Cannolis, picturelink: null}, 19129: {instructions: Preheat a pit smoker to 275 degrees F.nRub the ribs with the dry rub. Smoke in the pit smoker for 2 12 hours, or until the internal temperature of the ribs reaches 196 degrees F. Baste, and smoke for 15 more minutes until internal temperature is 204 degrees F.nPreheat a grill.nAfter smoking the ribs, wrap the ribs until ready to use. Reheat in steamer or 350 degree F oven for 4 minutes. Put ribs on a char grill, curved side down, and heat until the end of the bones begin to sizzle. Turn over, baste the ribs and leave on the grill only long enough to mark the other side of the ribs. Turn and baste again and serve the ribs right away., ingredients: [4 slabs pork back ribs, Dry spice rub of choice, 4 cups barbecue sauce of choice, diluted 7030 with water], title: Backstage Bbq Ribs, picturelink: null}, 19130: {instructions: Combine all dressing ingredients. Warm gently over low heat. Reserve.nWrap oysters in wakame seaweed. Bake oysters in their shell in a preheated 425 degree oven for 3 to 6 minutes. Remove seaweed and top shell. Place shells on a platter of sea salt. Top each oyster with a bit of the warm dressing., ingredients: [13 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons wakame seaweed, 2 tablespoons ogonori seaweed, 2 tablespoons dulse seaweed, 1 tablespoon mirin, 12 tablespoon ground Szechuan peppercorns, 1 tablespoons chopped scallion, 1 teaspoon diced lardon, rendered, Salt, to taste, 12 oysters, unshucked, 2 pounds wakame seaweed], title: Warm Oysters and Seaweed, picturelink: null}, 19131: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDuck Stock: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Lay the duck bones out on a sheet tray. Put the tray on the middle rack in the oven. Roast the bones until they are a deep golden brown, about 1 hour.nDrain any fat from the tray and put the bones in a stockpot. Add the remaining ingredients and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer uncovered for about 3 hours. Skim off any fat that accumulates at the top with a ladle while it is simmering.nAfter 3 hours, strain the stock. You should yield about 2 quarts of stock, if you have ended up with much more continue to simmer it until reduced to 2 quarts. Set aside.nDuck Gravy Filling: Melt the butter over medium heat in a large saucepot. Do not let the butter brown. Whisk in the flour and cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until it turns very light brown, about 5 minutes. Slowly whisk in 6 cups of the hot duck stock. Make sure to add the stock very slowly, whisking the entire time to avoid getting any lumps. Once it comes to a boil, reduce the heat to low and add all the remaining ingredients, except for the fivespice powder. Simmer until the gravy thickly coats the back of a spoon and the vegetables are tender, about 30 minutes. Season the gravy, to taste, with salt, pepper, and the fivespice powder.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAssemble the potpie. Roll out 2 refrigerated pie crusts to about 13 inches in diameter. Lay 1 crust in a 9inch deepdish pie plate, making sure to have at least 12inch extra hanging over the sides of the dish. Fill with about 12 of the potpie filling, or until the filling is just under the level of the top of the dish. Gently, lay the other crust over the top. Trim the edges of the crust with scissors so that you have only about 12inch extra. Tuck the crusts under all around and crimp closed using a fork. Brush the top of the pie with the egg white. Cut 3 small slits in the center of the pie. Put the pie on a sheet tray and bake in the preheated oven until the crust is golden brown and the center is piping hot, about 1 hour., ingredients: [2 12 pounds raw duck bones about 2 carcasses, 1 onion, peeled and sliced, 1 carrot, peeled and sliced, 4 ribs celery, sliced, 5 fresh parsley stems, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 2 whole star anise, 12 cinnamon stick, 12 tablespoon whole allspice, 1 gallon water, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 2 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 2 legs duck confit, skin removed, meat shredded, 23 cup peeled and diced carrots, 23 cup diced onion, 23 cup sliced celery, 23 cup diced Yukon gold potatoes, 23 cup fresh or frozen peas, 5 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps cut in quarters, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder cinnamon, ginger, clove, coriander, nutmeg, 1 package refrigerated pie crusts 2, 1 egg white, whisked with 1 teaspoon water], title: Duck Pot Pie, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 19132: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken and salsa: Position an oven rack in the top of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F.nBake the chicken nuggets according to the oven method on the package directions. Set aside.nMeanwhile, make the salsa. Toss together the corn, cilantro, lime juice, jalapeno with brine, olive oil, tomatoes, avocado, onion and 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Set aside.nFor the nachos: Combine the beans, adobo sauce and olive oil in a medium bowl. Spread the tortilla chips in an 11by15inch baking dish or rimmed baking sheet. Top with the shredded cheese and the bean mixture. Bake on the top rack until the cheese is melted and bubbly and the beans are heated through, about 10 minutes.nWhile the nachos bake, cut the chicken into bitesize pieces and toss in a medium bowl with the contents of the flavor packet if included.nTop the baked nachos with the salsa and chicken bites. Dollop the sour cream over the top and sprinkle with the cilantro leaves and jalapeno slices. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [One 17ounce box breaded barbecueflavored chicken nuggets with flavor packet if included, 1 cup frozen roasted corn kernels, thawed, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, plus wedges for serving, 1 tablespoon chopped pickled jalapeno plus 1 tablespoon brine, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 small plum tomatoes, diced about 1 cup, 1 ripe avocado, diced, 14 small red onion, chopped about 14 cup, Kosher salt, One 15ounce can pinto beans, rinsed and drained, 2 tablespoons adobo sauce from canned chipotles in adobo, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 10 cups tortilla chips about 8 ounces, 4 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend about 16 ounces, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup pickled jalapeno slices], title: Loaded Barbecue Chicken Nachos, picturelink: JuqLFx3DVkrVv6uAStwb0F8l3wS7Ye}, 19133: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the poblano peppers over the flame of 1 of the burners on the stove to roast. Cook, turning often with tongs until all of the skin is blistered, about 15 minutes. Add the peppers to a bowl and cover with plastic wrap to steam for about 15 more minutes. When the peppers are cool enough to handle, transfer to a cutting board, peel the skin off, remove the seeds and stems, dice, and set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a medium saute pan over medium heat, add the onions and the salt and pepper. Cook until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes, and then set aside to cool.nHeat the milk in a small saucepan just until it starts to simmer, about 3 minutes.nIn a large bowl, whisk the eggs and then slowly add the scalded milk. Whisk in the sour cream and then fold in the cheese, corn, peppers, onions, herbs, cayenne. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd the mixture to a 9 by 13inch buttered baking dish and set aside.nPut the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter in a medium saute pan over medium heat and add the panko. Toss to coat the bread crumbs and season with salt and pepper. Pour the bread crumbs over the pudding and bake in the preheated oven until the bread crumbs are golden, the pudding is set and bubbling around the edges and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [3 poblano peppers, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 yellow onion, diced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 cups whole milk, 3 eggs, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 1 cup grated sharp white Cheddar, 4 ears corn, shucked and kernels removed, about 4 to 5 cups, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups panko bread crumbs], title: Poblano Corn Pudding, picturelink: A8zDQMGdSjwcz2bXKj.6MiI3PXEvG}, 19134: {instructions: In a soup pot or casserole cook the bacon over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until it is golden. With a slotted spoon transfer to a plate lined with paper towel.nPour off all but 2 tablespoons fat from the pan and add the onion, celery, carrot, garlic, thyme and rosemary and cook over moderate heat, covered, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the chicken stock or broth and salt and pepper to taste, bring to a boil and simmer the soup, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes. Add the beans and tomatoes and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Stir in the pasta and simmer the soup, covered, for 10 minutes, or until pasta is al dente. Let stand off heat, covered, for 5 minutes.nMake the Pistou: In a small food processor or blender, combine garlic, basil, Parmesan and pepper and with machine running, add oil in a stream. Puree until well blended. Add salt to taste.nLadle the soup into bowls and serve topped with the Pistou and accompanied by fontina and Parmesan toasts., ingredients: [1 6ounce piece lean smoked bacon, diced, 1 12 cups diced 1 mediumlarge white onion, 1 cup diced celery, 23 cup diced 1 medium carrot, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary leaves or 12 teaspoon, dried, 6 cups chicken stock or canned chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 2 1pound cans cannellini beans, rinsed well and drained, 3 large firm ripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped or 2 1pound cans tomatoes, drained and chopped, 1 cup small pasta shells, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 12 cups packed basil leaves, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt, to taste], title: Autumn Soup with Pistou, picturelink: null}, 19135: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIf using dried blackeyed peas, put them in a large pot and cover with about 4 inches of water. Soak the peas overnight, then drain the water and rinse. Alternatively, you can quicksoak the peas by bringing them and the water to a boil for 2 minutes. After this, remove them from the heat, cover the pot and soak the peas for 1 hour. Then, drain and rinse the peas.nHeat the oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is shimmering, add the pork. Sear until the pork is browned on all sides, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the bacon, onion and garlic to the pot and cook, stirring, until the onion and garlic are lightly browned, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add the salt, black pepper, cayenne and garlic powder. Cook until the entire mixture is coated with the spices, about 2 minutes. Pour in the stock and water and drop in the bay leaves. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for about 30 minutes.nWhen the pork begins to fall apart, add the prepared peas to the pot and simmer until the peas are very soft, about 1 to 1 12 hours see Cooks Note.nTaste for seasonings, and add some hotpepper vinegar, if desired. Discard the bay leaves and transfer the blackeyed peas to a serving bowl., ingredients: [1 pound dried blackeyed peas fresh or canned blackeyed peas can be substituted, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 ounces pork shoulder, diced into 12inch cubes, 4 strips thick sliced bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 medium onion, small diced, 4 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 cups water, 3 bay leaves, Hotpepper vinegar, as desired], title: BlackEyed Peas with Bacon and Pork, picturelink: 2ZqyguWfnifsXacNYBdun4WVVafDIH6}, 19136: {instructions: Drain pineapple reserve 12 cup juice. Reserve 2 pineapple slices for snack or other use.nStir together teriyaki sauce and reserved pineapple juice in small bowl.nMix together turkey, ginger, bread crumbs and 14 cup teriyaki mixture. Shape into 8 patties.nGrill patties, brushing with remaining teriyaki mixture, until brown and cooked through. Place pineapple slices on grill and cook until lightly golden brown.nServe burgers on buns with cheese and pineapple.nTip: To make 4 servings, use 1 can 8 oz. DOLEu00ae Pineapple Slices and cut remaining ingredients in half.nPer Serving: 134 calories, 1g fat 0g sat., 17mg cholesterol, 775mg sodium, 17g carbohydrate 1g dietary fiber, 9g sugars, 1 g protein, 13 Vit A, 10 Vit C, 21 calcium, 4 iron, 1 potassium, 3 folate, ingredients: [1 can 20 oz. DOLEu00ae Pineapple Slices, 12 cup teriyaki sauce, 2 pounds ground turkey or chicken, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 8 whole grain hamburger buns, 8 slices Cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese], title: Teriyaki Pineapple Turkey Burgers, picturelink: MQktrC11vuTgfI8gW7Cjsp2qkzsD3H.}, 19137: {instructions: Tomato Sauce:nTo make the tomatosausage base, put a saucepan over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. Add the onions and cook until translucent, stirring, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chorizo and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and wine, reduce the heat to a simmer, and simmer gently until slightly thickened and reduced, about 10 to 15 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Keep the tomato base warm while you cook the mussels.nMussels:nPut the mussels in a large skillet or wok over high heat, add the stock or wine, and cover with a lid. Cook the mussels until they open, about 5 minutes. Remove the lid, and pour the tomatosausage base over the mussels. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes, until fully heated through. Divide the mussels among 4 shallow soup bowls and serve immediately, garnished with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 4 ounces Spanish chorizo, chopped, 2 cups canned crushed tomatoes, with their juice, 1 cup dry white wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds mussels, rinsed, scrubbed, and debearded, 1 cup chicken stock or dry white wine, 4 lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Roasted Mussels with Spicy Pork Sausage, picturelink: null}, 19138: {instructions: Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a saute pan. Add shallots and saute. Add mushrooms and saute until brown. Add snow peas and cook for 1 minute. Add pine nuts. Add mixture to the orzo. Butter may be added, to taste. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 shallots minced, 1 pound assorted fresh mushrooms can include cepes, creminis, portobellos, etc, sliced thinly, 12 pound of fresh snow peas, julienned, 34 cup toasted pine nuts, 1 pound orzo, cooked according to box directions, 1 tablespoon of butter, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Orzo with Mushroom, Snow Peas, and Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 19139: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9inch springform pan and line the bottom with parchment paper.nPut the bittersweet and unsweetened chocolate in a heatproof bowl and set over a saucepan of simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water. Stir until the chocolate melts, then remove the bowl from the pan.nPut the eggs, turbinado sugar and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer. Set the bowl over the same pan of simmering water and whisk until the mixture is warm, about 2 minutes. Transfer the bowl to the stand mixer beat with the whisk attachment on medium speed until tripled in volume, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring the beer and vanilla to a low boil in a saucepan. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the beer mixture, then the melted chocolate, until combined, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat in the butter until incorporated.nPour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick comes out with a few crumbs, about 35 minutes. Cool in the pan on a rack 1 hour, then run a knife around the edge of the pan and remove the ring. Let cool completely.nMake the meringue: Microwave the chocolate, butter and corn syrup in a microwavesafe bowl in 30second intervals, stirring, until the chocolate melts.nWhisk the granulated sugar, egg whites, cream of tartar, salt and 13 cup water in a heatproof bowl. Put the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water beat with a handheld mixer on low speed, then gradually increase the speed to high and beat until soft peaks form, about 5 minutes. Remove the bowl from the pan continue beating until the meringue is cool and fluffy. Fold in the vanilla, then fold in the melted chocolate until swirled. Spread the meringue on the cake.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for the pan, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 6 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 6 large eggs, 34 cup turbinado sugar, Pinch of salt, 12 cup stout beer such as Guinness, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 large egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch of salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Towering Flourless Chocolate Cake, picturelink: eUbBuvp6ZUappw9wcOF61NYTC65LpMW}, 19140: {instructions: Make the aioli: Heat the paprika and vegetable oil in a small saucepan over low heat. When hot, remove the pan from the heat and allow the oil to steep at room temperature, 20 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and refrigerate at least 1 hour.nCombine the egg yolk, vinegar and lemon juice in a food processor or blender process until smooth and frothy. With the machine running, slowly pour in the paprikainfused oil and process until the desired consistency is reached. Season with salt. The aioli can be made up to 3 days ahead refrigerate in an airtight container.nMake the filling for the peppers: Combine the mayonnaise, creme fraiche, mustard, lemon juice, manchego, parsley, chives and egg in a large bowl mix thoroughly with a rubber spatula to combine. Gently mix in the crabmeat do not break it up too much. Season with salt and pepper.nDrain the piquillo peppers thoroughly. Remove the seeds, making sure to keep the peppers whole and intact. Carefully spoon about 1 tablespoon crab filling into each pepper. Transfer to an ovenproof baking dish, such as a cazuela. The peppers can be filled 1 day ahead cover and refrigerate.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Transfer the peppers to the oven and bake, uncovered, until heated through, about 15 minutes. Top the peppers with the aioli and return to the oven until the aioli is hot, about 2 more minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt, For the peppers:, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons creme fraiche, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 14 cup grated manchego cheese, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 8 ounces jumbo lump crabmeat, picked through, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 16ounce jar piquillo peppers], title: CrabStuffed Piquillo Peppers, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 19141: {instructions: Make the paella on the stovetop in a large skillet or paella pan without a lid. In the pan, cook the chicken in 14 cup of olive oil until cooked through. Remove from pan and set aside.nIn the same pan using the chicken fat and 14 cup of olive oil, saute 12 onion until soft. Add 1 tablespoon garlic. Add the rice and stir until each grain is coated with oil. Add the saffron.nCombine the clam juice with chicken stock in separate container to make cooking liquid. Add 3 cups of the cooking liquid to the rice and bring to a simmer. Cook for about 5 to 7 minutes. Add salt and pepper. Then add bell pepper and peas. Stir.nSaute the other 12 of the onion until tender. Add 1 tablespoon of cumin, 1 tablespoon of cinnamon, 1 cup of diced tomatoes and 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Simmer for about 7 minutes. Add the diced cucumber and stir. Remove from the heat, puree in food processor. This will give you the paella sauce.nSaute clams, mussels, shrimp, scallops and 1 teaspoon of garlic in separate pan with 2 tablespoons of oil for approximately 7 minutes until the shrimp looks pink, add 12 paella sauce.nAdd the rice to seafood mixture and stir.nAdd sliced chorizo, the cooked chicken drummies and arrange clams on top. Add more liquid, if needed., ingredients: [8 chicken drummies, 12 cup and 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, plus 1 teaspoon, 2 cups shortgrain Calaspara rice, 2 pinches saffron, 2 12 cups clam juice, 2 13 cups chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup diced red bell pepper, 12 cup green peas, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup diced red tomato, 12 cucumber diced, 8 littleneck clams, 8 black mussels, 8 large shrimp, peeled, 12 small scallops, 1 link dry chorizo, sliced], title: Paella Mixta, picturelink: null}, 19142: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet, combine oil and flour to make the roux. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until dark brown, about 30 minutes.nAdd celery, onion, peppers, and garlic and cook for 10 more minutes. Transfer to a thick bottom pot and add chicken broth, beef broth, tomatoes, okra, hot sauce, bay leaves, black and white pepper, cayenne pepper, chicken thighs, and andouille sausage. Simmer for 15 minutes. Add the shrimp and cook for 5 more minutes. Serve over rice.nServing suggestion: cooked rice., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup flour, 8 celery stalks, chopped, 4 onions, chopped, 2 green peppers, chopped, 2 red peppers, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 15ounce cans chicken broth, 2 15ounce cans beef broth, 2 28ounce cans chopped tomatoes, 1 pound okra, sliced fresh or frozen, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 5 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 teaspoons white pepper, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 pounds chicken thigh meat, diced and Sauteed until brown, 1 pound andouille sausage, diced, 1 pound 21 to 25 count peeled and deveined shrimp], title: The Tombs Gumbo, picturelink: TRvZCk0.S0fISYZYMdHSfsvup6DNg7m}, 19143: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a medium castiron skillet over medium heat, flipping about halfway through, until crisp and the fat has rendered, about 8 minutes transfer to a plate. Pour off and reserve the bacon drippings, leaving enough in the skillet to coat it nicely.nSlice 4 rounded chunks of lettuce 4 to 5 inches across from the top and 3 sides of the head to make bun halves set on a platter.nShape the ground beef into 2 burgers, each about 4 inches wide and 34 inch thick, and sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper. Put the bacon skillet over high heat, add the burgers and cook for 3 minutes flip and cook for 3 minutes more for medium rare.nLay 1 lettuce bun half cutside up on each of 2 plates and top with a burger. Spoon 1 tablespoon of the dressing over each burger and top with 1 tablespoon of the onion. Crumble 1 piece of bacon over each burger and top with the remaining lettuce bun tops., ingredients: [2 slices bacon, 1 head iceberg lettuce 2 to 2 12 pounds, 10 ounces 80percent lean ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chunky blue cheese dressing, 2 tablespoons diced red onion], title: Wedge Salad Burgers, picturelink: 9TZAz4o.KWlZhGjzHrzrReaFuMgV54i}, 19144: {instructions: 1. Place oven rack in lowest position. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Place roasting rack in shallow roasting pan. Mix sage, paprika, seasoned salt, garlic powder, pepper and nutmeg in small bowl.n2. Place turkey, breastside up, in prepared pan. Sprinkle about 12 of the seasoning mixture inside turkey. Stuff with onion and bay leaves. Brush turkey breast with oil. Spread remaining seasoning mixture over entire surface and under skin of turkey. Add 12 cup water to pan. Cover turkey loosely with heavy duty foil.n3. Roast 1 hour. Remove foil. Roast 2 to 2 12 hours longer or until internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F 175 degrees F in thigh, basting occasionally with pan juices. Remove turkey from oven. Let stand 20 minutes. Transfer to platter or carving board to slice. Reserve pan juices to make gravy or to serve with turkey., ingredients: [2 tablespoons McCormicku00ae Sage, Rubbed or 2 tablespoons McCormicku00ae Poultry Seasoning, 1 tablespoon McCormicku00ae Paprika, 1 tablespoon seasoned salt, 2 teaspoons McCormicku00ae Garlic Powder, 1 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Black Pepper, Ground, 34 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Nutmeg, Ground, 1 whole turkey 12 to 14 pounds, fresh or frozen, thawed, 1 large onion, cut into wedges, 6 McCormicku00ae Bay Leaves, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, .], title: Savory Herb Rub Roasted Turkey, picturelink: 5OX7JnXkeKOdVRLiEnECr9YYRT6Aiei}, 19145: {instructions: Special equipment: 24 lollipop sticksnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a nonstick 9by13inch pan.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl and set aside. Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat until bubbling. Stir in the cinnamon, allspice, black pepper and 1 tablespoon ginger and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Let cool slightly.nWhisk the sugar, eggs and remaining 1 tablespoon ginger in a large bowl until light and frothy. Stir in the melted butter mixture, beer and molasses until incorporated. Whisk the flour mixture into the egg mixture until no lumps remain. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and gently tap the pan on the countertop to release any trapped air bubbles. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Let cool completely.nFor the spiced cream cheese buttercream: Put the white chocolate chips in a heatsafe bowl and set aside. Bring the sugar and 3 cups water to a boil in a saucepan and reduce the heat. Mix the cornstarch with 1 cup water and add it to the hot liquid. Bring it back to a boil, then pour it over the white chocolate chips. Let cool to room temperature.nAdd the butter and vanilla to the white chocolate chip mixture and mix with a whisk until light and fluffy. Fold in the cream cheese, cinnamon and ginger.nSlice the cake into 1inch cubes. Mount the cubes on lollipop sticks and frost generously with the buttercream. Enjoy., ingredients: [2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, plus extra for the pan, 2 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus extra for the pan, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 1 12 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup stout beer, such as Guinness Extra Stout, 34 cup robust dark molasses, 4 pounds white chocolate chips, 4 pounds sugar, 1 14 cups cornstarch, 24 sticks 6 pounds unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 ounces vanilla, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground ginger], title: Bold and Spicy Gingerbread Cake Pop, picturelink: 8WugaoZmOT80iWqfPr3WskwfeyI.O7C}, 19146: {instructions: Bring the cream to a simmer over medium heat and add the Monterey Jack, cream cheese, garlic powder, Worcestershire, salt and fresh pepper. Continuously stir to prevent sticking until the cheeses melt.nWhile slowly stirring, add the spinach, artichoke hearts, and scallions. Stir until mixed and the spinach is wilted.nThis dip can be served immediately or served chilled., ingredients: [1 12 cups halfandhalf, 8 oz. grated Monterey Jack cheese, 8 oz. light cream cheese, 1 tsp. garlic powder, 1 12 tsp. Worcestershire sauce, 12 tsp. salt, Fresh ground pepper to taste, 34 lb. fresh spinach stemmed and chopped, 214 oz cans of artichoke hearts rinsed, drained and chopped, 4 green onions, chopped, tortilla chips, pita, etc. for dipping], title: Artichoke and Spinach Dip, picturelink: null}, 19147: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silpat. Spray lightly with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nIn a small, heavybottomed saucepan, combine the cream, lemon zest and thyme sprigs and bring to a simmer over low heat. Remove saucepan from heat and allow the flavors to infuse the cream, 15 to 20 minutes. Pour cream through a sieve and reservenIn a large bowl, whisk together egg whites and sugar until well combined. Whisk in flour and salt. Add melted butter, cream, and lemon extract and whisk until well combined, about 30 seconds.nPour batter into a medium pastry bag fitted with a 11 round tip. Pipe silver dollarsized about 1inch across circles onto prepared baking sheet, leaving 2 inches between each cookie. Sprinkle each cookie with the picked thyme and bake for 15 minutes, or until edges turn brown. Transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [14 cup heavy cream, 4 1 12inch strips lemon zest, 3 sprigs thyme, plus 2 tablespoons picked thyme for garnishing, 4 large egg whites, 1 cup superfine sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, sifted, Pinch salt, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 teaspoon pure lemon extract, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Lemon Thyme Wafer Cookies, picturelink: null}, 19148: {instructions: Heat butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions, carrots, celery, and garlic and cook until soft. Do not allow them to obtain color.nPlunge a knife between the eyes of the lobsters to dispatch them. Then split them in half lengthwise, and remove the sand sack. Separate into tail, claw, and chest pieces and add the sections to the vegetables. Add 12cup water and cover the pan with a lid for 4 minutes. Remove lid and allow the water to evaporate, then turn off the heat. Remove the lobster pieces from the pan and set aside. When cool enough to handle, remove the meat from the tails and claws, and reserve the meat.nChop the shells into smaller pieces and return to the pan. Add the sherry and ignite. When the flames subside, add the wine and reduce by half. Add the water, parsley, cilantro, bay leaf, white peppercorns, poblano puree, and salt, to taste and cook over low heat for 20 minutes.nRemove most of the shells and pass the soup through a sieve into a clean medium saucepan, add the reserved lobster meat and cook until reduced to 2 cups. Blend the soup in a blender in batches then strain through a sieve into a clean, medium saucepan over medium low heat. Place the cream and milk in a small saucepan and reduce by half. Add the cream and cook until just heated through and season with honey, salt and pepper. Ladle into bowls and garnish with Toasted Corn Relish.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees. Preheat grill to high. Remove ears from water. Roast corn for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and grill in the husk for 15 to 20 minutes.nPeel the husk away, and cut corn away from the cob. Combine the corn kernels in a medium bowl with the red onion, roasted poblano, lime juice, olive oil, and tarragon. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 1 large carrot, coarsely chopped, 2 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 1 12 pound live lobsters, 12 cup water, plus 3 cups, 14 cup dry sherry, 2 cups white wine, 8 sprigs parsley, 8 sprigs cilantro, 1 bay leaf, 8 white peppercorns, 2 roasted poblano peppers, peeled, seeded and pureed, Salt, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons honey, Freshly ground white pepper, Toasted Corn Relish, recipe follows, 2 ears fresh corn, silks removed and ears soaked in cold water for 5 minutes, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 1 roasted poblano, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh tarragon, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Lobster and Green Chile Bisque with Toasted Corn Relish, picturelink: null}, 19149: {instructions: Butter the inside of a 4quart slow cooker insert. Line it completely with a double layer of foil, then butter the foil. Cut up 4 tablespoons of the butter and sprinkle in the bottom of the insert, along with the brown sugar and rum. Arrange the pineapple slices in overlapping circles to completely cover the bottom of the insert press into the sugar mixture.nCombine the flour, pecans, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl.nCombine the remaining 6 tablespoons butter and the granulated sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a hand mixer and beat on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat in the eggs and vanilla until incorporated.nReduce the speed to low and beat in the flour mixture until just incorporated. Add the milk, increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until smooth, about 30 seconds. Evenly spread the batter over the pineapples in the slow cooker.nDrape a double layer of paper towels over the top of the slow cooker without touching the cake to prevent condensation from dripping from the cover onto the cake. Cover and cook on low until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 3 to 4 hours. Turn off the slow cooker and let the cake rest for 20 minutes.nLift the cake by the foil and place on a rack to cool it can be served warm or at room temperature. Carefully invert onto a platter and peel off the foil.nWhip the cream until soft peaks form. Fold in the confectioners sugar and chopped cherries. Serve slices of cake with a dollop of whipped cream and a cherry on top., ingredients: [10 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing insert, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 12 ripe pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 14inchthick slices, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup pecans, toasted and finely chopped, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Fine salt, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon chopped maraschino cherries, plus whole for garnish], title: SlowCooker Pineapple UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: null}, 19150: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nSpread the pecans on a cookie sheet, and place in the oven for 3 minutes. For even toasting, turn the tray, front to back. Toss the nuts with a metal spatula and bake for another 3 minutes. Youll know theyre done when they give off their fragrant aroma, and be sure to check them so they dont become overbaked or charred.nIn a food processor, chop the vanilla wafers into crumbs. Add the pecans and process just until they are finely chopped. In a medium bowl, mix together the crumbpecan mixture, 14 cup of the cocoa, and 14 cup of the confectioners sugar. Add the corn syrup and bourbon. Mix thoroughly. Sift the remaining 14 cup cocoa and 14 cup confectioners sugar onto a large plate. Form the crumb mixture into 34inch balls and roll them through the cocoasugar to coat. Store in a sealed container for up to 5 days. If necessary, touch them up with a light dusting of the remaining confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 cup pecans, 8 ounces vanilla wafers, enough to make 2 cups, 12 cup unsweetened Dutchprocessed cocoa, divided, 1 cup confectioners sugar, divided, 14 cup light corn syrup, 14 cup bourbon], title: Bourbon Balls, picturelink: 2DDcG7TO2EiRs9vVwNgiit.NoJYT436}, 19151: {instructions: Sift flour 3 times together with the baking powder, salt, sugar, and cinnamon.nBeat the eggs, add the milk, and pour slowly into the dry ingredients. Beat thoroughly and add butter. Drop by spoonfuls onto a lightly greased hot griddle. When puffed full of bubbles and cooked on edges, turn and cook on the other side., ingredients: [3 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 eggs, 2 cups milk, 3 tablespoons melted butter], title: Sweet Milk Griddle Cakes, picturelink: null}, 19152: {instructions: In the bowl of a heavy duty mixer, place the flour, shortening and salt. Beat with the paddle until crumbly, about 3 to 5 minutes. With the mixer running, gradually add the warm water and continue mixing until the dough is smooth, about 3 minutes. Divide the dough into 3 pieces. Roll each into a ball and place on a baking tray or board. Cover with a towel and let rest at room temperature at least 15 minutes or up to one hour. Cut out eight 12 inch squares of waxed or parchment paper for stacking the tortillas. On a lightly floured board, roll each ball into a 10 inch circle, and transfer to a paper square. Stack on a baking tray or platter and refrigerate until cooking time. Uncooked tortillas can be kept in the refrigerator, well wrapped with paper squares between the layers, up to 2 days. To cook, heat a dry griddle or 12inch skillet over medium heat. Carefully peel off the paper and cook the tortillas, one at a time, until puffy and slightly brown, about 30 to 45 seconds per side. Set aside to cool slightly on a towel lined platter. Bring to the table wrapped in a towel for warmth, or wrap well and refrigerate or freeze for quesadilla or other dishes., ingredients: [2 12 cups all purpose flour, Scant 12 cup vegetable shortening 3 12 ounces, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup warm water], title: Flour Tortillas, picturelink: null}, 19153: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nPeel back the husks from the corn without removing them completely and peel off the silk.nRub the corn with olive oil and salt and pepper and smooth the husks back into place.nArrange on the preheated grill and cook, turning occasionally, until nicely golden and brown, about15 minutes.nRemove the corn from the grill and peel back the husks. Return to the grill and brush with barbecue sauce. Grill until the sauce begins to caramelize on the kernels, about 5 minutes. Remove to a platter and serve., ingredients: [6 ears fresh corn, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Neelys Barbecue Sauce], title: Neelys BBQ Corn, picturelink: Noj026pdzeKl8n6G58HlW7Cv8ATOiZ6}, 19154: {instructions: Mix 1 cup chopped olives and 3 tablespoons chopped parsley. Drizzle the inside of a split loaf of focaccia with olive oil fill with the olive mixture and sliced provolone. Cut into squares., ingredients: [], title: OliveFocaccia Tea Sandwich, picturelink: TYieKSnuWV9BldukNDkO31G0gW0Kwoi}, 19155: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the rigatoni until very al dente, 2 to 3 minutes less than the label directs drain.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until the garlic is golden. Crush the plum tomatoes into the skillet with your hands rinse out each can with 12 cup water and add the water to the skillet. Add the basil simmer, uncovered, until the sauce is thickened, about 15 minutes. Discard the basil season the sauce with salt. Alternatively, heat 4 cups prepared tomato sauce.nStir the pancetta into the sauce, then add the meatballs, roasted red peppers and olives.nBrush a 3to4quart baking dish with olive oil. Toss the cooked pasta with the sauce and half of each cheese. Spread in the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle the remaining cheese over the pasta. Bake, uncovered, until browned, about 15 minutes. Let rest 15 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound rigatoni, 2 tablespoons extravirigin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, 1 15ounce can plum tomatoes, 4 large sprigs basil, 34 pound pancetta, diced and browned, 1 cup meatballs, cooked and quartered, 1 cup sliced roasted red peppers, 1 cup chopped black or green pitted olives, 3 cups shredded mild provolone cheese, 1 cup freshly grated ricotta salata], title: Baked Rigatoni With Meatballs and Peppers, picturelink: MZN.dXY7MXql2RiumqBgP6kzi6TEPG}, 19156: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with cupcake liners.nMelt the butter in a small skillet set over medium heat, and cook until it starts to bubble and foam, about 5 minutes. Continue cooking, stirring constantly, until the foam subsides and brown specks start to appear, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the butter to a medium mixing bowl to cool slightly.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, 12 cup of the oats, the baking powder, salt and baking soda.nAdd the sour cream, sugar and vanilla to the browned butter and whisk. Add the eggs and whisk until combined. Fold the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Then fold in the bananas dont worry if there are a few lumps.nDivide the batter evenly among the prepared pan. Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons oats. Bake until the muffins are light golden and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 24 minutes. Cool in the pan for a few minutes, and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups whole wheat pastry flour or white whole wheat flour, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons rolled oats, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup reducedfat sour cream, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 2 medium bananas, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces about 1 heaping cup], title: Healthy Banana Oat Muffins, picturelink: pydJkfVBYUKNj1ywoGlSaCVdkXmaqxu}, 19157: {instructions: Heat a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring, until crisp, about 15 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon. Add the onion, celery and carrot to the drippings in the pot sprinkle with the Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 30 more seconds.nDeglaze the pan with the wine, scraping up any browned bits with a wooden spoon. Simmer until reduced by half, about 4 minutes. Add the beans, tomatoes and chicken broth and simmer until the beans are soft, about 20 minutes. Stir in the lemon zest and juice adjust the seasoning, if necessary.nRemove from the heat and stir in the pancetta transfer to a serving dish. Top with the parmesan and cover to melt. Drizzle with balsamic glaze.nPhotograph by Paul Sirisalee, ingredients: [12 pound thickcut pancetta, diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 large carrot, diced, 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup dry white wine, 4 15ounce cans great northern beans, drained and rinsed, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 to 1 cup shaved parmesan cheese, Bottled balsamic glaze, for drizzling], title: Tuscan Stovetop Baked Beans, picturelink: G.DMX0.R1kL6LX5WYdUfo865O6RhX5O}, 19158: {instructions: Place the bay leaves and thyme on a small piece of cheesecloth and tie the corners together tightly to form a bundle set aside.nHeat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Season the beef with 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Working in batches, add the beef to the pot and cook, turning, until browned all over, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate and add the bacon to the pot. Cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and crisp, about 5 minutes. Add the carrots, onion and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until the vegetables are coated, about 1 minute. Add the flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute.nAdd the cognac to the pot and cook, scraping up any browned bits, until the liquid has mostly evaporated, about 1 minute. Add the wine, chicken broth, cheesecloth bundle, browned meat and any juices and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium, cover and simmer, stirring and scraping up the bottom of the pot occasionally, until the beef is tender and the sauce is thick, about 2 hours. Discard the cheesecloth bundle.nMeanwhile, make the crust: Combine the flour and 1 12 teaspoons salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the parsley and chives and pulse to combine, then add the butter and pulse 8 to 10 times until it looks like coarse meal. Add 12 cup ice water and pulse until the dough just starts coming together, adding 1 to 2 tablespoons more ice water if necessary. Turn the dough out onto a large piece of plastic wrap and form into a disk wrap and refrigerate 30 minutes or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Finish the stew: Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are lightly browned, about 7 minutes. Add to the pot with the stew along with the pearl onions and butter stir. Transfer the mixture to a 3to4quart oval or 9by13inch baking dish and set aside to cool.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough into a 12by15inch rectangle, about 18 inch thick. Beat the egg with 1 tablespoon water brush the edges and outside of the baking dish with the egg wash. Drape the dough over the filling and press it against the sides of the dish trim any excess to leave a 1inch overhang. Cut a few slits in the top to vent.nBrush the crust with more of the egg wash. Bake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 45 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup cognac or brandy, 1 750ml bottle dry red wine, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 pound white button mushrooms, halved, 1 1pound bag frozen pearl onions, thawed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, For the crust:, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Kosher salt, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 1 large egg, For the stew:, 2 bay leaves, 8 sprigs thyme, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 pounds cubed beef chuck stew meat, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 slices thickcut bacon about 5 ounces, chopped, 1 pound carrots, halved lengthwise and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 large onion, chopped], title: Beef Bourguignonne Potpie, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 19159: {instructions: Lightly pound chicken. Toss chicken in raspberry mustard and grill. Set aside and keep warm.nIn a skillet, melt 4 tablespoons butter, add shallots. When soft, add shiitakes and country ham and thyme. Add cream, lower heat and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated. Add salt and pepper to taste.nTo serve, place a spoonful of warm ham mixture in between 2 chicken breasts. Serve with Red Pepper Sauce and fried leeksnBlacken red peppers over flame. Cover and cool. Saute garlic cloves in olive oil until brown. In a food processor place peeled, deseeded peppers, garlic, and olive oil and a dash of hot sauce. Puree until smooth. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons heavy cream and serve., ingredients: [6 whole chicken breasts, boned, split and skinned, 1 tablespoon raspberry mustard, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups thinly sliced shallots, 3 cups thinly sliced shiitakes, 1 cup diced country ham, 2 tablespoons chopped thyme, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Red Pepper Sauce, recipe follows, 3 red peppers, 3 garlic cloves, 13 cup olive oil, Hot sauce, Heavy cream], title: Chicken Paillard with Country Ham and Shiitakes, Roasted Red Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19160: {instructions: Combine the chiles and onions in a medium saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a simmer and cook until the chiles are tender, about 20 minutes. Drop the tomato in about 5 minutes before the chiles are done. Strain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Put the cooked vegetables, the reserved 1 cup of cooking liquid, the vinegar, sugar, garlic and 1 teaspoon salt in a blender, and then puree until very smooth.nPour the chilitomato mixture into a mesh strainer set over a medium bowl. Use a rubber spatula to help push the mixture through until only the chili and tomato skins remain in the strainer. Discard them.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the strained chilitomato mixture and cook, stirring and scraping up the bottom frequently, until thick, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the horseradish, vodka, Worcestershire and some salt. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour or overnight. Garnish with celery leaves and a swirl of horseradish. Serve with celery sticks or chips.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [15 guajillo chiles, stemmed and seeded, 14 medium white onion, roughly chopped about 1 cup, 1 medium tomato, stemmed and halved, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Celery leaves for garnish, Celery sticks, tortilla or vegetables chips for serving, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons vodka, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Bloody Mary Guajillo Salsa, picturelink: qaIGbMsSdQy4eVkETTZc2b2eo7h1ka}, 19161: {instructions: Whisk mayonnaise, garlic and buttermilk in small bowl until smooth. Stir in chives. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour to allow flavors to blend.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add onion and leek and saute until tender but not brown, about 10 minutes. Add wine and boil until almost all liquid evaporates, about 2 minutes. Add fish bones, water, parsley, peppercorns and bay leaf. Simmer until liquid is reduced to 6 cups, about 1 hour. Strain discard solids.nHeat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in heavy large Dutch oven over medium high heat. Break pasta into 2 inch lengths and add to Dutch oven. saute until pasta is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add stock. Cook until pasta is almost tender, but mixture is still soupy, about 3 minutes. Add clams, pushing into broth. Cover and cook until clams open, about 8 minutes. Discard any clams that do not open. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nLadle into bowls. Spoon dollop of garlic mayonnaise over and serve., ingredients: [23 cup mayonnaise, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon buttermilk, 1 bunch fresh chives, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 leek, chopped white and pale green parts only, 23 cup dry white wine, 1 12 pounds fish bones from white fish, 8 cups water, 6 sprigs fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 12 ounces fideos pasta or vermicelli, 20 large clams in shells, scrubbed], title: Fideos with Clams and Garlic Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 19162: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven. Add the bacon and cook over medium heat for 8 to 10 minutes, until lightly browned. Remove the bacon to a plate with a slotted spoon.nMeanwhile, lay the chicken out on paper towels and pat dry. Liberally sprinkle the chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. When the bacon is removed, brown the chicken pieces in batches in a single layer for about 5 minutes, turning to brown evenly. Remove the chicken to the plate with the bacon and continue to brown until all the chicken is done. Set aside.nAdd the carrots, onions, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper to the pan and cook over medium heat for 10 to 12 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the onions are lightly browned. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the Cognac and put the bacon, chicken, and any juices that collected on the plate into the pot. Add the wine, chicken stock, and thyme and bring to a simmer. Cover the pot with a tight fitting lid and place in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes, until the chicken is just not pink. Remove from the oven and place on top of the stove.nMash 1 tablespoon of butter and the flour together and stir into the stew. Add the frozen onions. In a medium saute pan, add the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter and cook the mushrooms over mediumlow heat for 5 to 10 minutes, until browned. Add to the stew. Bring the stew to a simmer and cook for another 10 minutes. Season to taste. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons good olive oil, 4 ounces good bacon or pancetta, diced, 1 3 to 4pound chicken, cut in 8ths, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound carrots, cut diagonally in 1inch pieces, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 14 cup Cognac or good brandy, 12 bottle 375 ml good dry red wine such as Burgundy, 1 cup good chicken stock, preferably homemade, 10 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, divided, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 pound frozen small whole onions, 12 pound cremini mushrooms, stems removed and thickly sliced], title: Coq Au Vin, picturelink: BEzpbEj9rur73JCJji4DLgWkOLPCWVG}, 19163: {instructions: Pierce the potatoes in a few places with a fork place on a microwavesafe plate and microwave until tender, turning once, about 15 minutes. Set aside.nMeanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, carrot and celery and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 7 minutes. Add the turkey and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until no longer pink on the surface, about 5 minutes. Stir in the ketchup, chili sauce, 12 cup water, the chili powder and garlic powder continue cooking until the meat is cooked through, 3 to 5 more minutes.nSplit the baked potatoes open lengthwise, dot with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter and gently fluff the flesh with a fork. Top with the turkey mixture and sprinkle with the cheese while still hot.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 russet potatoes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 1 pound 93 percent lean ground turkey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup ketchup, 13 cup sweet chili sauce, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 cup shredded lowfat cheddar cheese about 2 ounces], title: Sloppy Joe Baked Potatoes, picturelink: pjHFdxjE3pNWfllKQhTfI1gb85YG6}, 19164: {instructions: Cut the beef into 1inch cubes, then skewer them with bamboo sticks and season the beef with salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste. Pour 2 tablespoons of the olive oil on the beef skewers, lay the rosemary on top of the beef and cover the plate with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Heat a medium sized frying pan over high heat with 2 tablespoons of olive oil, then place the beef skewers in the pan. After 1 to 2 minutes, flip the beef skewers, at this point lay rosemary in the pan as well. Cook to desired tenderness. Serve with rosemary over the skewers., ingredients: [12 pound beef tenderloin, cleaned, 2 bamboo skewers, Sea salt, Fresh ground black pepper, 4 rosemary sprigs, 2 tablespoon cold pressed extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons], title: Rosemary Pan Seared Beef Tenderloin Skewers, picturelink: null}, 19165: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all the ingredients, except the licorice, in a pitcher. Stir to mix. Pour into glasses and garnish with a stalk of licorice., ingredients: [2 cups orange juice, 2 cups chilled sparkling water, 12 cup maraschino liqueur, 14 cup limoncello, Ice, Black licorice, for garnish], title: Italian Fruit Punch, picturelink: EiooDr.yPJbpWHj3.PFH7eskvRthnC}, 19166: {instructions: Put 1 pound each chopped blue potatoes and white potatoes and 12 pound chopped red potatoes in a large pot. Cover with cold water add 2 tablespoons white wine vinegargarlic and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, then simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and cool slightly discard the garlic. Toss with 1 12 cups halved cherry tomatoes, 13 cup torn basil and 2 tablespoons each chopped scallions and parsley. Dress with 14 cup olive oil, 2 more tablespoons vinegar, and salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [], title: Patriotic Potato Salad, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 19167: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the macerated strawberries: Combine the strawberries and sugar in a medium bowl. Toss to combine. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 1 to 2 hours.nFor the shortcakes: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, sugar, salt, and pepper if using. Using a bowl scraper or your fingers, work in the butter until the mixture resembles a coarse meal using your fingers will create a more cakelike texture. Add the rhubarb and toss to coat make a well in the center. Combine the 12 cup milk, the cream and the vanilla, and pour this into the well. Mix just until combined.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead 5 or 6 times, then roll into a 34inchthick disc. Cut out rounds using a 3inch biscuit cutter make sure you dont twist the cutter, otherwise youll squish the sides and the shortcakes wont rise. Knead the scraps together, reroll and cut out rounds until all the dough has been used.nPlace the rounds, bottomside up, on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Brush each with milk and sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Bake until the tops are golden brown, about 25 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheet.nWith a serrated knife, cut the shortcakes in half horizontally and place on a serving plate. Top the bottom halves with macerated strawberries and whipped cream, and cover with the top halves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound strawberries, hulled and thinly sliced, 2 to 4 tablespoons granulated sugar start with 2 tablespoons, add more if the berries arent very sweet, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 to 1 12 teaspoons finely ground black pepper, optional, 1 12 teaspoons fine salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 1 12 cups rhubarb, cut into 12inch dice 2 to 3 stalks, 12 cup cold milk, plus 2 tablespoons for brushing, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup turbinado sugar, Whipped cream, for topping], title: Strawberry and Rhubarb Shortcakes, picturelink: ESE2OUfQeSkDNyuC9kC6BTNyOtGPVS}, 19168: {instructions: Make the mustard crust: In a bowl, combine the mustard, lemon juice, fresh herbs, salt and pepper, and stir together. Stir in the olive oil, and then the bread.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put the salmon, skin side down, on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil. Spoon the bread mixture onto the salmon and smooth with a spatula to cover completely. Put the baking sheet into the oven and roast until the salmon is just cooked through but still translucent in the center, about 10 minutes.nWhen the salmon is cooked, take it out of the oven and set aside. Combine the mayonnaise, the chopped arugula, and the lemon juice in a blender and puree. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, transfer the salmon to a serving platter by holding 2 opposing corners of the parchment paper and lifting the whole thing off the baking sheet and onto the platter, parchment and all. Spoon the mayonnaise into a serving bowl and garnish with remaining arugula. If serving with cocktail bread set the salmon out with the arugula mayonnaise, and the arugula leaves and let guests make openfaced sandwiches by spreading the toast with the mayonnaise, adding a leaf or 2 of arugula, and finishing with a spoonful of the salmon., ingredients: [14 cup wholegrain Dijon mustard, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 5 slices of stale white bread, about 1 12 cups, roughly ground or panko or unseasoned stuffing bread crumbs, 1 side of salmon, about 3 pounds, skin and pin bones removed, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 bunches arugula, stemmed and coarsely chopped, plus 1 bunch, stemmed, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 cocktail loaf pumpernickel bread, toasted, optional], title: Roasted Salmon with MustardHerb Crust, Arugula Mayonnaise, and Pumpernickel Toast, picturelink: null}, 19169: {instructions: Put oil in a heavy pot and add flour. Over mediumlow heat stir constantly until it browns to the color of coffee cook slowly.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes.nWhen roux has browned add celery, onions, and green peppers. Cook until wilted, add tomatoes, water, salt and pepper to taste and bring to a boil. After it is brought to a boil, add the okra lower the heat and cover and simmer for 45 minutes. Check the water level and make sure there is a good consistency, otherwise add a little more water and then add shrimp and crab. Cook an additional 30 minutes. Turn off the stove and add 12 to 1 teaspoon file. Serve, ingredients: [12 cup cooking oil, 12 cup flour, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 onion, chopped, 1 medium green pepper, chopped, 1 cup chopped tomatoes, 2 quarts hot water, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 cups cooked okra, 2 pounds shrimp, peeled, 1 pound crabmeat, 12 to 1 teaspoon file powder], title: Seafood Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 19170: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot over medium heat, add bacon and render until crisp. Remove the bacon to the paper towellined plate. To the same pot with rendered bacon fat, add the garlic, chiles, bay leaves, and dried peas and stir to combine. Pour in the chicken stock and add the tomatoes. Simmer over mediumlow heat for 1 hour until peas are tender.nTransfer about 1 to 2 cups of the peas to a blender and puree until smooth. Place the blended peas back into the pot and stir to incorporate. Add the thyme leaves and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Continue to cook for another 15 minutes. Place in a serving dish and dress the peas with the lemon juice, green onions, cilantro and bacon before serving, ingredients: [2 slices thickcut bacon, sliced, 5 cloves garlic, peeled, 5 dried red chiles, broken up, 2 bay leaves, 1 pound dried blackeyed peas, 1 quart lowsodium chicken stock, 2 tomatoes, quartered, 14 bunch fresh thyme, leaves removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, 4 green onions, chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Spicy BlackEyed Peas, picturelink: Wm8BKiSkhR7V3Vh7npBSc.PT51wuPPO}, 19171: {instructions: Using an electric mixer, beat the butter in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add the sugar and beat until well blended. Beat in the flour, and then the ground and chopped walnuts. Divide the dough in half, forming each half into a ball. Wrap separately in plastic and chill until cold, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nWorking with half of the chilled dough at a time while keeping the rest in the fridge, roll the dough by 2 teaspoonfuls between your palms into balls. Arrange the balls on a large baking sheet, spacing them 12inch apart.nBake the cookies until golden brown on the bottom and just pale golden on top, about 18 minutes. Cool the cookies for 5 minutes on the baking sheet. Toss the warm cookies in the powdered sugar. Transfer the sugarcoated cookies to a rack to cool completely. The cookies can be prepared 2 days ahead. Store in an airtight container at room temperature. Sift additional powdered sugar over the cookies, if desired, before serving., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup ground walnuts, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup powdered sugar, plus more for serving], title: Polvorones: Ground Walnut Cookies, picturelink: JoANMuX9ipdw0LaPbc09V0yXAvujEa}, 19172: {instructions: For the red sangria: In a large pitcher, add the cherries, raspberries and apples. Pour in the red wine and cognac and mix together. Refrigerate, about 20 minutes. When ready to serve, either pour the soda water into the pitcher or pour the sangria into individual glasses, 34 full. Top with the cola.nFor the white sangria: In a large pitcher, mix the white wine and orange liqueur. Add the peaches, strawberries, orange slices and grapes. Stir all to combine. Refrigerate, about 20 minutes. Serve over ice with a splash of soda water., ingredients: [1 cup pitted cherries, with juice, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 1 apple, sliced, 1 bottle good quality fruity red wine, like shiraz or rioja, 12 cup cognac, 1 liter soda water,, 1 12ounce can cola, 1 bottle good quality fruity white wine, like pinot grigio or sauvignon blanc, 14 cup orange liqueur, 1 medium peaches, washed, pitted and sliced about 1 12 cups, 1 cup strawberries, washed, hulled and sliced, 1 orange, thinly sliced, 1 cup green grapes, sliced, Ice, 1 liter soda water, for serving], title: Big Daddys Red and White Sangria, picturelink: null}, 19173: {instructions: Cook the pasta according to the package instructions in a large pan of lightly salted boiling water. Once it achieves an al dente consistency, drain the pasta well.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Add the tuna and cook, stirring occasionally, for 2 to 3 minutes until seared. Remove the fillets from the pan and set them aside.nReturn the pan to high heat, and add the remaining oil, garlic, chiles and anchovies. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute.nAdd in the tomatoes and olives, and cook, stirring occasionally, for an additional 5 minutes or until the tomatoes are slightly softened.nIncorporate the hot pasta and tuna to the pan, and gently toss the ingredients. Drop in the basil leaves and season the dish with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 ounces penne pasta, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 14 pounds tuna steak, diced, 2 cloves garlic, very thinly sliced, 2 long red chiles, seeded and finely chopped, 4 anchovies, chopped, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, 1 large handful small black olives, preferably Nicoise, 1 handful basil leaves, torn, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Penne with Tuna, Cherry Tomatoes and Olives, picturelink: null}, 19174: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nIn a small skillet render the bacon. When almost crisp, add the olive oil and heat up. When the olive oil is hot, add the shallots and cook for a few minutes or until tender. Add the oregano and prosciutto and simmer for a minute. Remove the skillet from the heat and season to taste with salt and pepper.nCut the baby zucchini in half. If you are using small zucchini, then cut them in half horizontally, then each half in quarters lengthwise. Set them in a lightly oiled gratin dish, skin side down. Sprinkle with the bacon mixture and scatter parsley on top. Cover and bake or 20 minutes., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 cup thinly sliced prosciutto, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 baby zucchini or 6 small zucchini, trimmed, 14 cup chopped flat leaf parsley], title: Italian Style Baked Zucchini, picturelink: null}, 19175: {instructions: Puree the oil, vinegar, salt, pepper and roasted peppers. Pour over the shredded cabbage. Mix well and serve., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup white vinegar, 1 pinch salt, 1 pinch ground black pepper, 3 Anaheim green peppers, roasted, seeded and peeled, 1 head green cabbage, sliced or shredded as thin as possible], title: Galway Bay Coleslaw, picturelink: null}, 19176: {instructions: For the dipping sauce: Combine the soy sauce, Sriracha and lemon juice in a bowl and set aside until ready to serve.nFor the pork dumplings: Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, ginger, sesame oil and scallions and cook until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes you just want to take the bite off of the raw ingredients, not saute them. Remove from the heat and allow to cool 1 minute.nCombine the cooked garlic, ginger and scallions with the pork, hoisin, soy sauce, fivespice powder and egg in a large mixing bowl.nWorking with the dumpling wrappers, start with the floured surface facing down. Place 1 12 teaspoons of filling in the center of a wrapper. Wet the edge of the dumpling with water, using your finger, and fold the circle in half without sealing, like a taco. Pinch one end closed. Create pleats on one side using your thumb and forefinger, pressing against the other flat edge to seal as you go. Flatten the bottoms so they can get a nice pan fry on them. Repeat until all the dumplings are filled. Keep the dumplings on a lightlyfloured sheet tray to keep them from sticking, and cover with a slightly damp towel to keep from drying out.nHeat the veggie oil over high heat in the same skillet. Working in batches, panfry the dumplings by placing them bottomside down and frying until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes.nOnce the dumplings are golden brown, working carefully it will splatter, pour 12 cup water into the skillet to cover the dumplings halfway. Immediately cover with a lid, leaving a small crack for steam to escape. Cook until the water has evaporated, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer the dumplings to a paper towellined plate to soak up excess oil and repeat the process with the remaining dumplings.nCooks Note: This recipe makes a lot of dumplings just keep extra in your freezer for a late night snack, ingredients: [1 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 12 tablespoons Sriracha sauce, Juice of 3 lemons, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 small bunch scallions, white and green parts, chopped, 12 ounces ground pork, 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 egg, 1 package round dumpling wrappers, 1 tablespoon vegetable or peanut oil, for frying], title: Pork Dumplings, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 19177: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, over mediumhigh heat, bring the water and the salt to just a boil. Reduce the heat, slowly whisk in the polenta and season with pepper. Continue to whisk until the mixture starts to tighten up, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the fresh chopped herbs, 2 tablespoons of the butter and the Parmesan. Continue to stir until well combined and very thick, taste for seasoning adjustment.nLiberally butter a 10inch springform pan on the bottom and about 2inches up the side. Pour in the hot polenta and with a rubber spatula, rubbed with butter, smooth out the top. Set aside to cool to room temperature, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours to set. This can also be done up to 1 day ahead.nPreheat a grill to medium.nWhen ready to grill, or pan fry, remove the polenta from the pan and cut it into equal pie shapes or cut circles with a biscuit cutter. Lightly oil a grill, brush each side of the polenta with olive oil and grill or pan sear until golden brown, about 3 minutes on each side. Arrange the polenta on a serving platter and serve hot., ingredients: [3 cups water, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 cups quick cooking polenta, medium or coarsegrain, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped marjoram leaves, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup olive oil, for grilling or pan searing], title: Grilled Polenta, picturelink: PkNssU45SAwQnBtM6GEcLgqYYAzLlby}, 19178: {instructions: One by one, break the eggs into a small bowl, then slide them into a large mixing bowl. Add 12 cup cold water, the salt, and pepper. Whisk together until evenly blended, then stir in the grated cheese and the crushed biscuits.nBrush a 10 inch nonstick skillet with a little clarified butter and place it over medium heat. Pour 12 cup of the well stirred egg mixture into the pan and immediately swirl it to coat the base of the pan evenly. Cook until the mixture has set, about 1 12 minutes. Using a long, wide, spatula, turn the omelet to the other side to cook for a few seconds more. Slide the omelet out onto a plate and continue making omelets in the same way until you have used all the mixture. You should have about 4 omelets stacked on top of each other. Cover and keep warm.nBlanch, peel, core and seed all the tomatoes, placing all the seeds in a strainer set over a bowl. Coarsely chop 6 of the tomatoes and set them aside. Cut the remaining 3 tomatoes in half lengthwise and puree them in a blender or a food processor. Press the seeds in the strainer to extract as much juice as possible. Discard the seeds and set the juice aside separately. In a large heavy casserole that can be brought to the table, heat the olive oil over low heat and add the onion. Cook, stirring, for about 7 minutes, or until translucent, then stir in the garlic, paprika, cayenne pepper, bay leaf, fennel, and salt and cook for 2 minutes more, or until the garlic releases its aroma. Add the grated carrot and the juice from the tomato seeds, increase the heat to medium high and cook until all of the liquid has evaporated, about 8 minutes. Add the chopped tomatoes and cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is chunky and thick, then add the pureed tomatoes and cook just until heated through. Remove from the heat.nStack 2 of the omelets, roll them up tightly, and cut crosswise into 14 inch wide noodles, keeping them rolled up. Repeat with the other 2 omelets. Arrange the rolls of noodles in overlapping circles on top of the tomato sauce and scatter the chopped basil over the top. To serve, toss the noodles gently with the tomato sauce and transfer to individual plates., ingredients: [9 large eggs, 12 teaspoon coarse sea salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Mexican Manchego cheese, 18 cup finely crushed water biscuits, 1 tablespoon clarified butter see Cooks Note, 9 plum tomatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, minced, 2 large cloves garlic. minced, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 bay leaf, 2 teaspoons ground fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon coarse sea salt, 1 small carrot, grated, 12 small bunch fresh basil, leaves only, coarsely chopped], title: Huevos Tripados Peruvian Tomatoes and Egg Noodles, picturelink: null}, 19179: {instructions: In a large bowl, thoroughly mix the egg, seafood seasoning, mayonnaise, breadcrumbs, ginger juice or powder, hot sauce, lemon juice, and oil. Add the crab and blend into the mixture, being careful not to break up the lumps of meat. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nPortion the crab into 2ounce cakes and lightly dust with flour. Heat a skillet over medium heat with the oil. Add the cakes and saute until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook on the second side until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Repeat the process until all the cakes have been cooked., ingredients: [1 egg, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay Seasoning, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon gingerroot juice or powder, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 pound lump crab, picked, Allpurpose flour, for dusting], title: Crab Cakes, picturelink: a527IqF4WDHBRE2TPBHF4HA5KYOWHS}, 19180: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, whisk together sugar and eggs until fluffy and pale yellow. In a saucepot, combine halfandhalf and cream. Bring to a simmer, but do not boil. Remove from heat. Stirring constantly, slowly blend cream mixture, 1 ladle at a time, into the egg mixture. Stirring will ensure that the eggs will not scramble. Add vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg. Strain through a fine sieve and chill overnight, or for a minimum of 4 hours. When ready to use, whisk Creole cream cheese into the custard mixture until all lumps are removed. Pour into a homestyle ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturers directions. Place ice cream in the freezer for 2 hours prior to serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 11.5ounce package Creole cream cheese recommended: Bittersweet Plantation Dairy Creole Cream Cheese], title: Creole Cream Cheese Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 19181: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace spinach in serving bowl.nToss pecans with vegetable oil, sugar and salt. Lay out on baking sheet. Roast until shade darker and aromatic, about 7 to 8 minutes. Set aside.nMake dressing by combining olive oil, vinegar, shallots and salt and pepper in a bowl and whisking together or place in sealable container and shake.nToss spinach with dressing, Gorgonzola and pecans., ingredients: [1 package triplewashed spinach, 3 to 4 handfuls pecan halves, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, A few pinches sugar, A few pinches salt, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 small shallots, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small wedge Gorgonzola, crumbled about 2 ounces], title: Spinach Salad with Sweet Roasted Pecans and Gorgonzola with Sherry Shallot Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 19182: {instructions: Cover the dried posole with boiling water and let stand at least an hour or overnight. Drain, then put it in a pot with rest of the ingredients, except the salsa and avocado. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer, partially covered, until the posole is tender and many of the kernels have opened up or flowered, like popcorn,, about 2 hours. Time can vary a great deal from brand to brand it could be done in 1 12 hours or take as long as 3. Once the posole is clearly tender but not quite done, add 2 teaspoons salt, then season again to taste when finished.nLadle the posole into bowls with some of the broth. Stir in a spoonful of cilantro salsa, add some diced avocado to each bowl, then serve with a wedge of lime, ingredients: [2 12 cups dried posole, 12 onion, diced, 2 large garlic cloves, peeled and smashed, 3 dried red New Mexican chile pods or guajillo chiles, 1 heaping teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 3 quarts water, Salt to taste, Cilantro salsa, recipe follows, Diced avocado, Quartered lime for each bowl], title: Posole with Red Chile Pods and Cilantro Salsa, picturelink: null}, 19183: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 13 by 9inch baking dish.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the milk, sugars, sweet potato puree, vanilla, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Cook over mediumhigh heat, just until the mixture begins to boil. Remove from the heat and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks until smooth and combined. Using a ladle, pour 12 cup of the hot milk mixture in a slow, steady stream into the yolks, whisking constantly. Add another 12 cup of the hot milk mixture and whisk to combine. Pour the egg mixture into the milk mixture. Cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, until its thick enough to coat the back of a wooden spoon, about 3 to 5 minutes. Strain the custard and reserve.nCover the bottom of the baking dish with 1 layer of bread slices. Pour about 14 of the custard mixture over the bread. Repeat with remaining bread and custard, ending with custard. Cover and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight.nSprinkle the bread pudding with the pecan crumble. Bake until the crumble mixture is golden and the custard is bubbly, about 45 minutes. Serve warm.nIn a medium bowl, combine all the ingredients, and mix with a hand mixer on low speed, until well combined., ingredients: [Butter, for baking dish, 2 cups whole milk, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 12 cups pureed sweet potato, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 6 egg yolks, 2 1pound, 4ounce loaves white bread, crusts removed, Pecan Crumble, recipe follows, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, diced, 12 cup quickcooking oats, 12 cup toasted and chopped pecans], title: Sweet Potato Bread Pudding with Pecan Crumble, picturelink: null}, 19184: {instructions: Make the Basic DinnerRoll Dough, using the cranberries, lemon zest and nutmeg as the mixins. Let rise as directed.nLightly coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Lightly flour the top of the dough and pat into a rectangle. Cut the dough into 24 equal pieces with a bench scraper or chefs knife. Roll each piece into a 7 to 8inchlong rope. Tie each rope into a knot. Arrange on the prepared baking sheets. Loosely cover with plastic wrap and let stand until puffy, about 45 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 375 degrees F. Brush the knots with the beaten egg. Bake, switching and rotating the baking sheets halfway through, until the rolls are golden brown, about 25 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nWarm the milk and 12 cup water in a small saucepan or in the microwave until very warm 110 degrees F. Transfer to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook mix in the sugar, yeast and 1 cup flour until combined but still lumpy. Let stand until the mixture is very bubbly, about 30 minutes.nAdd the butter, salt and 2 cups flour mix on medium speed until smooth and elastic, 2 to 3 minutes. Mix in the eggs until combined, scraping the bottom and side of the bowl as needed. Add 1 14 cups flour and the mixins, if using mix until the dough is smooth and starts to gather into a loose ball, about 4 minutes. The dough should be slightly sticky if its too wet, add the remaining 14 cup flour.nLightly oil a large bowl scrape the dough into the bowl and turn to coat with the oil. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until doubled in size, about 2 hours., ingredients: [Basic DinnerRoll Dough, recipe follows, 12 cup finely chopped dried cranberries, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Nonstick cooking spray, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 14 ounce packet active dry yeast, 4 14 to 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Mixins herbs, spices, cheese, etc., Vegetable oil or cooking spray, for the bowl], title: Cranberry Knots, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 19185: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment cream the butter and sugars. Add the egg and vanilla and mix together. Add the flour mixture and continue mixing until just combined.nAdd the chocolates and almonds and mix until combined. Using two tablespoons or a small ice cream scoop, drop the dough two inches apart on sheet pans lined with parchment. Bake for 15 minutes.nCool the cookies on the cookie sheets. The cookies should be very soft when they are removed from the oven. They will firm up as they cool., ingredients: [2 13 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup Dutchprocessed cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups 2 12 sticks salted butter, softened to room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup firmly packed dark or light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup white chocolate chips, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup almonds, chopped], title: Kathleen Kings Double Chocolate Almond Cookies, picturelink: mwbVpB3GIxVioep0bpUrnO2zRngb2}, 19186: {instructions: Heat a grill pan over moderatelyhigh heat. Pat the steak dry with paper towels, then rub it with the oil and sprinkle it generously with salt and pepper.nPlace the steak on the grill pan and cook until well seared on 1 side, 6 to 8 minutes. Turn and sear the second side, again for 6 to 8 minutes. Lower the flame to medium and cook, turning once, 10 to 15 minutes more for rare. To check for doneness, nick, peek, and cheat: make a 14inch cut in the thickest part of the meat and take a peek it should be slightly less done than you like it.nRemove the meat from the fire, cover it loosely with foil, and allow it to rest for 10 minutes before serving. Serve with 1 of the 2 sauces below or the herb butter.nIn a small heavy saucepan cook the shallot in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the wine, and boil the mixture until the liquid is reduced to about 1 tablespoon. Whisk in the flour and cook the mixture, whisking, for 3 minutes. Add the milk in a stream, whisking, and boil the mixture, whisking, for 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, whisk in the Roquefort, a little at a time, whisking until it is melted and being careful not to let the mixture boil, and strain the sauce through a fine sieve into a bowl. Stir in the parsley, season the sauce with salt and pepper, and serve it with roasted or grilled beef, veal, or pork Yield: about 1 cupnIn a small saucepan combine vinegar, wine, shallots, and dried tarragon and simmer over moderate heat until reduced to 2 tablespoons of liquid. Cool and strain through a fine sieve.nIn the top of a double boiler whisk the egg yolks until they become thick and sticky. Whisk in the reduced vinegar mixture and pepper. Place the pan or bowl over a saucepan of simmering, not boiling water. Whisk until mixture is warm, about 2 minutes. If mixture appears to become lumpy, dip pan immediately in a bowl of ice water to cool, whisk until smooth and then continue recipe. The yolk mixture has thickened enough when you can see the bottom of the pan between strokes and mixture forms a light cream on the wires of the whisk.nWhile whisking the yolk mixture gradually pour in the melted butter, 1 tablespoon or so at a time whisking thoroughly to incorporate before adding more butter. As the mixture begins to thicken and become creamy, the butter can be added more rapidly. Do not add the milk solids at the bottom of the melted butter.nSeason the sauces, to taste, with chopped tarragon, salt and pepper. To keep the sauce warm, set the pan or bowl in lukewarm water or in a thermos.nYield: 1 to 12 cups, ingredients: [1 2inchthick 2 12pounds Porterhouse Steak, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste, 14 cup minced shallot, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 34 cup milk, 1 cup crumbled Roquefort about 14 pound, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, Salt and pepper, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 tablespoon dried tarragon, Salt and pepper, to taste, 3 egg yolks, 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted in saucepan, 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon], title: Perfect Porterhouse Steak for Two, picturelink: null}, 19187: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a broiler.nDrain the beans in a colander set over a bowl. Save the bean liquid.nHeat the oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and onion and saute until the onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Add the drained beans. Using a potato masher, mash the beans until they become a spreadable mixture, adding extra bean liquid, if needed.nPut the rolls on a baking sheet and broil until lightly golden, about 3 minutes. Spread each half of the rolls with about 12 cup of the refried beans. Top with shredded cheese. Return to the oven and broil until the cheese is melted and starting to bubble. Transfer the rolls to a serving tray and serve.nCombine the beans, garlic, onion, and bay leaves in a medium pot. Add enough water to reach about 1 12 inches over the beans. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat, cover, and simmer until the beans are tender, about 2 hours. Add more water if the beans are absorbing too much liquid. The beans should be soupy when done, with plenty of liquid remaining. Season the beans with salt and pepper, to taste.nLadle the beans and cooking liquid into soup bowls and garnish with Mexican crema, cilantro and chopped white onions. Alternatively, the beans can be drained and use as a filling for soft tacos., ingredients: [3 cups cooked pinto beans Frijoles De La Olla, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive or canola oil, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 cup chopped onion, 4 bolillos or other crusty ovalshaped roll, split in 12 lengthwise, 1 12 cups shredded white cheese see Cooks Note, Serving suggestion: Pico de Gallo salsa., 3 cups dried pinto beans, 4 garlic cloves, peeled and mashed, 14 large onion, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Mexican crema or sour cream, chopped fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped white onion, for serving], title: Toasted Bean and Cheese OpenFaced Sandwiches Molletes, picturelink: aVkiY1CQ.H8dTVw5FiAi2viO3tM2xi}, 19188: {instructions: Lightly flour and season meat. In a roasting pan, gently saute the onion and bacon over high heat in 1 tablespoon clarified butter untill browned. Remove bacon and onion to a dish and set aside. Add the meat and brown all over. Remove. Add bacon and onion back to pan, creating a bed. Place the meat on top and reduce heat.nStir in brown sugar. Add the water, beer reserving 3 tablespoons, wine vinegar, bay leaf, and cloves. The liquid should cover the meat half way. Cover and simmer for 2 12 hours. Skim the fat from the surface and remove the cooked meat to a carving board.nIn medium saute pan, lightly saute mushrooms in the remaining tablespoon of clarified butter. Add lemon juice and cayenne.nStrain the meat braising liquid and return to roasting pan, skimming any remaining fat. Bring to a boil. Mix arrowroot with reserved beer and add to pan. Cook for another minute to thicken. Add the oysters and mushrooms.nCarve meat into thick slices. Lay meat serving platter and dress liberally with sauce., ingredients: [3 pounds rump roast, larded with strips of pork fat ask a butcher to do this, patted dry, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons flour, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 4 bacon slices, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 16 ounces. water, 16 ounces bitter beer, flat, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 bay leaf, 3 cloves, 1 lemon, juiced, pinch cayenne, 2 teaspoons arrowroot, 12 oysters, shucked, 1 cup mushrooms, thinly sliced], title: Beer and Rump Pot Roast, picturelink: null}, 19189: {instructions: In medium saucepan, whisk together flan mix, milk, and almond extract. Bring to a full boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly.nRemove pouch of caramel sauce from flan package. In a small bowl, stir together caramel sauce and cherry extract. Divide among 8 6ounce ramekins, about 12 teaspoon in each. Drop 2 or 3 cherries into each ramekin.nCarefully pour 12 cup of flan mixture into each ramekin. Mixture will thicken as it cools. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour. To serve flan, run a knife around the inside of the ramekin, place a dessert plate upside down over ramekin. Invert plate and ramekin. Remove ramekin and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 5.5ounce box flan mix with caramel sauce recommended: Royal, 4 cups milk, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon cherry extract, 1 cup frozen cherries, thawed], title: Cherry Flan, picturelink: ugshKBkvOCfjD0wN.3OZIsSBVR8wq2}, 19190: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the oil, salt, cumin, oregano, black pepper, red pepper, garlic, lime juice and orange juice in a small bowl. Make slits in the pork with a paring knife and rub liberally all over with the oil mixture. Place the pork in a slow cooker and top with the remaining juices from the bowl. Cover and cook on low until tender, flipping once halfway through, about 6 hours.nRemove from the slow cooker and let cool slightly. Shred the pork into thick chunks with 2 forks. Set the pork aside and keep warm in the cooking liquid.nSlice the roll open and smear both sides with mustard. Layer on the Swiss, ham, pulled pork and pickles. Place the onions over half the sub and cut into portions. Or, start on opposing ends and race to the middle., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, minced, Juice of 1 lime 2 tablespoons, Juice of 1 orange 2 tablespoons, 3 to 3 12pound boneless pork shoulder, One 24inch sub roll, Yellow mustard, 1 pound Swiss, thicksliced, 1 pound honey ham, thinly sliced, 2 cups dill pickle chips, 2 red onions, thinly sliced], title: Slow Cooked Cuban Sandwich, picturelink: sQHgs1Eh2x7Psg5Ihon3X2jdQqNOwsq}, 19191: {instructions: Combine 12 cup rice vinegar not seasoned and 14 cup each sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat until the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes let cool. Combine 1 cup each shredded daikon radishes and carrots in a bowl. Add the vinegar mixture and refrigerate 30 minutes. Stir in 1 thinly sliced jalapeno and 12 cup cilantro.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [], title: Banh Mi Slaw, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 19192: {instructions: Be sure to use ground white meat chicken. If youre buying your ground chicken from the grocery story, ring the bell and ask them if theyve got what youre looking for or if theyll grind some chicken breast for you. You can also grind it yourself in a food processor. Remove all excess fat and cartilage from boneless, skinless chicken breast and tenders, cut into 1inch cubes and pulse until coarsely chopped.nUse fresh bread crumbs. It only takes a few extra minutes. Remove crusts from good bread or dont remove the crusts, tear into chunks and pulse in a mini chopper or food processor. Make a giant batch and freeze them so next time you can skip this step.nPlace chicken in a mixing bowl. Using a rubber spatula, fold in milk, 12 cup bread crumbs, onion, cayenne, salt and pepper. The mixture will be very wet which means it will be a tiny bit icky forming it into patties but forge ahead. Place remaining 1 12 cups bread crumbs on a dinner plate or cookie sheet. Divide chicken meat into 4 or 5 piles you decide which portion size is best for you and using your hands, shape into patties. Coat each patty with bread crumbs. Heat olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat and fry patties until golden and cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound ground white meat chicken, 2 cups coarse to fine fresh bread crumbs, divided not canned, 12 cup lowfat milk, 3 tablespoons grated sweet onion or finely, finely minced, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 34 teaspoon coarse grained salt, Cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon olive oil], title: Chicken Burgers, picturelink: WLfAGiWKC4Wfc1sVVzDlba2pVRaON32}, 19193: {instructions: Trim the crusts from the bread and spread the slices out on a tray to dry for about 24 hours.nIn the container of a food processor, place the almonds, garlic, and cooled potato. Process until smooth.nMix the lemon juice, vinegar, olive oil, salt, and sugar in a small bowl and set aside. Fill a large bowl with cool water. Drop the dried bread into the water, 1 slice at a time. When it is soaked, squeeze about half the water from the bread between the palms of your hands. Add the bread to the ingredients in the processor, alternating with the lemonjuice mixture, and process until smooth. Since the skordalia has a tendency to stiffen and become pasty as it chills, the mixture should be quite loose at this point. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Scrape the mixture into a bowl. Cover and refrigerate for several hours to allow the flavors to mellow and blend. If the mixture seems too stiff, beat in a little water before serving., ingredients: [5 ounces about 5 slices firm homemadestyle bread, 12 cup whole blanched almonds, coarsely chopped, 2 or 3 large garlic cloves, put through a garlic press about 1 teaspoon garlic puree, 1 small about 3 ounces allpurpose potato, peeled, boiled until soft, and drained, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar], title: Periyalis Almond Skordalia Potato, Almond and Garlic Dip, picturelink: null}, 19194: {instructions: Combine 1 14 cups sugar and 1 cup each pureed strawberries and fresh lemon juice about 8 lemons in a pitcher. Add 5 cups water stir until the sugar dissolves. Serve over ice., ingredients: [], title: Almost Famous Strawberry Lemonade, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 19195: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Slice the baguette at an angle 12inchthick. Brush both sides of the bread with olive oil and sprinkle one side with salt and pepper. Bake for 10 minutes, until lightly toasted., ingredients: [1 baguette, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bruschetta, picturelink: XQT0myPqCe0plo5HFP4EwVcqvnhTwu6}, 19196: {instructions: Pour 6 12 ounces of the orange juice into an ice cube tray and freeze until solid, approximately 2 hours. Store the remaining 2 ounces of juice and the zest in an airtight container in the refrigerator until ready to use.nIn the carafe of a blender combine the frozen juice cubes, reserved orange juice and zest, milk, powdered sugar and vanilla, and blend until smooth and slushy, 30 to 45 seconds. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 12 ounces freshly squeezed orange juice, divided, 12 orange, zest finely grated, 12 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Orange Delicious, picturelink: null}, 19197: {instructions: Put flour, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Mix well, add warm water and stir until dough begins to ball up. On a lightly floured surface knead dough. Do not overwork the dough. After working dough, place in a bowl and refrigerate for 12 to 1 hour.nHeat oil to 350 degrees in a frying pan or kettle. Lightly flour surface and pat and roll out baseball size pieces of dough. Cut hole in middle with a knife so the dough will fry flat to 14inch thickness and place in oil and cook until golden brown and flip over and cook opposite side until same golden brown. Dough is done in about 3 minutes depending on oil temperature and thickness of dough.nAfter fry bread is done top with favorite topping or, chile and cheese first, then cover with lettuce and tomatoes, onions, green chile and you have an Indian Taco., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups warm water, Oil, for frying], title: Indian Fry Bread, picturelink: null}, 19198: {instructions: To make the meatballs: Put the bread in a bowl and drench with milk. Let soak for a few minutes, and squeeze the bread out like a sponge.nIn bowl, mix together the beef, pork, and veal until well combined.nIn another bowl, whisk together the Parmesan, breadcrumbs, parsley, salt, pepper, eggs, and garlic.nAdd the cheese mixture and soaked bread to the meat and mix well. Form into meatballs.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. A little olive oil and fry the meatballs in batches until wellbrowned and hard, as Vinny says.nVinny says, Eat a few.nTo make the sauce: Heat a pot over medium heat and add enough oil to cover the bottom. Add the garlic and onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned. Add the tomato paste. Fill the tomato paste can with wine and pour into the pot. Add the tomatoes, and fill the can with wateru00bfadd the water. Add the parsley and salt and pepper. Stir well and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thick and fragrant, about 1 hour and 15 minutes.nTo make the sausage: Wipe out the skillet you fried the meatball in, and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add a little olive oil and brown the sausages in batches.nAdd the meatballs and sausages to the sauce and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 25 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, cook the spaghetti according to the package instructions. Drain.nTransfer the spaghetti to a large bowl and add a few spoonfuls of the sauce without the meatballs and sausages. Mix to coat the spaghettiu00bfit should be only lightly coated with the sauce, adjust with more accordingly.nTransfer the sauce to a platter and serve alongside the spaghetti at the table., ingredients: [One 5inch piece Italian bread, Milk, as needed, 1 pound ground beef, 12 ground pork, 12 ground veal, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 to 3 tablespoons Italianflavored breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, 1 clove garlic, cut into razor thin slices, Olive oil, as needed, Olive oil, as need, 1 clove garlic, cut into razor thin slices, 12 small onion, chopped, One 6ounce can tomato paste, Red wine, enough to fill the tomato paste can, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, as needed, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, fry until hard, 1 pound hot Italian sausage, 1 12 pounds spaghetti], title: Vinnys Gravy, picturelink: null}, 19199: {instructions: With a cleaver, heavy chefs knife, or kitchen shears, split the pheasant in half, then cut the thighs and legs from the breasts. Place the 4 pieces of pheasant in a 6 to 8quart stockpot and cover with the water. Bring to a boil, skimming off the white foam as it rises to the surface. Using a ladle and a circular motion, push the foam from the center to the side of the pot, where it is easy to remove. Lower the heat so the broth is at a slow simmer.nMeanwhile, remove the leaves from 3 springs of thyme, reserving the stems, chop, and reserve you should have 1 teaspoon. Add the thyme stems and the remaining thyme sprig to the broth. Also add the coarsely chopped onion and carrot, the celery, garlic, bay leaves, peppercorns, and cloves, along with the reserved bacon rind, to the pot. Season lightly with salt, partially cover, and simmer slowly for 2 hours.nRemove the broth from the heat. With tongs, transfer the pheasant pieces to a plate. When they are cool enough to handle, pull the meat off the bones, discarding the bones, and tear the meat into bitesized pieces. Or cut the meat with a knife into rectangular strips that are approximately 12 by 1inch. If you used whole pheasant, you will have about 1 pound of meat. Cover and refrigerate until needed. Strain the broth through a finemesh strainer you should have about 8 cups. If you are not making the chowder right away, let the broth cool a bit, then refrigerate cover the broth after it has chilled completely. The broth and meat can be prepared a day in advance if you likenHeat a 4 to 6quart heavy pot over low heat and add the bacon. Once it has rendered a few tablespoons of fat, increase the heat to medium and cook until the bacon is crisp and golden brown. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat, leaving the bacon in the pot.nAdd the butter, the diced onion, the sliced carrot, the reserved thyme leaves, and the caraway seeds and saute, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, until the onion is softened but not browned.nAdd the potatoes and the reserved pheasant broth, bring to a simmer, and simmer over medium heat for about 8 minutes, until the potatoes are cooked through but still firm. Add the cabbage and simmer for 5 minutes more, until it just begins to soften it will continue to cook after the chowder is removed from the stove.nRemove the chowder from the heat, stir in the pheasant meat, and season to taste with salt and black pepper. If you are not serving the chowder within the hour, let it cool a bit, then refrigerate cover the chowder after it has chilled completely. Otherwise, let it sit at room temperature for up to 1 hour, allowing the flavors to meld.nWhen ready to serve, reheat the chowder over low heat dont let it boil. Use a slotted spoon to mound the pheasant, cabbage, onions, and potatoes in the center of large soup plates or shallow bowls, and ladle the clear broth around. Sprinkle each serving with a generous spoonful of chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 pheasant 2 12 to 3 pounds, or the same weight of pheasant thighs and drumsticks, About 4 quarts water, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 large onions 12 ounces each, 1 unpeeled, coarsely chopped, 1 peeled and cut into 34inch dice, 2 carrots 2 to 3 ounces each, 1 coarsely chopped 1 sliced into 13inch thick rounds split the thick end lengthwise and cut into halfmoons, 1 large stalk celery, coarsely chopped, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 2 dried bay leaves, 1 heaping teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 whole cloves, 4 ounces slab unsliced bacon, rind removed reserve it for the stock and cut into 13inch dice, Kosher or sea salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon caraway seeds, finely chopped, 1 pound Yukon gold, Maine, PEI, or other allpurpose potatoes, halved and sliced 13 inch thick, 8 ounces Savoy cabbage 12 small head or 14 large head, cut into 34inch pieces, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, for garnish], title: Pheasant and Cabbage Chowder, picturelink: null}}