{19500: {instructions: Preheat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat with 3 turns of the pan of extravirgin olive oil, about 3 tablespoons. Add the potatoes, parsnips, thyme and season with salt and pepper, stir frequently and cook for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the potatoes and parsnips are nice and tender and lightly browned. Add the minced onion and continue to cook until they are tender and the potatoes are nice and brown.nOnce the hash is cooked, add the chopped parsley and lemon zest. Stir to combine and transfer hash to a serving platter. Serve it up., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium baking potatoes, scrubbed clean, cut in half lengthwise, thinly sliced into half moons, 2 large parsnips, peeled, cut in half lengthwise, thinly sliced into half moons, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed and roughly chopped, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small onion, finely minced, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 lemon, zested], title: Parsnip and Potato Hash, picturelink: TSsInSiGq42S.OMRB06GrFWTkh.vji}, 19501: {instructions: Toast the almonds in a small skillet over medium heat, shaking pan to ensure even cooking, until golden brown and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl, and set aside.nCombine the cheese and yogurt in a small bowl. Spoon a small amount of the cheese mixture onto each leaf. Arrange on a plate, and top with a wedge of orange. Sprinkle with almonds and parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sliced almonds, 2 ounces Cabrales cheese, crumbled, 3 tablespoons plain yogurt, 6 leaves Belgian endive, 1 medium orange, peeled and separated into wedges, 1 tablespoon finely chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Endive with Cabrales Cheese, picturelink: MCfFswrGySNdTRq1POF7LfZn.Y9hO}, 19502: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the asparagus, prosciutto, Parmesan and pine nuts in a large baking dish or on a baking sheet. Drizzle with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper light on the salt, as prosciutto and Parm are salty. Toss together all the ingredients to evenly incorporate.nBake until the prosciutto and cheese are crisp, about 12 minutes., ingredients: [24 mediumthick asparagus spears about 2 pounds, trimmed and peeled, 5 slices prosciutto, cut into 14inch strips, 12 cup shaved Parmesan, 14 cup pine nuts, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Asparagus with Prosciutto, Pine Nuts and Shaved Parmesan, picturelink: Yb0ZnzDRSSra4vevByAXeWJOQmJfMm}, 19503: {instructions: To make the onions: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and add the onions. Season the onions with salt and bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat. Cover and sweat the onions for 15 to 20 minutes. Add the balsamic and cook for another 20 to 25 minutes or until the balsamic is syrupy. Use right away, or place in airtight jar and store in the refrigerator until ready to use.nTo make the chicken liver pate: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil and add the anchovies, capers and garlic. Bring to medium heat and saute until the anchovies have dissolved.nAdd the chicken livers, turn up the heat and saute for 3 to 5 minutes and cook until the livers are about 12 to 34 of the way done. Add the wine and cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until the wine has reduced by half, the mix should still be pretty soupy.nTransfer everything to a food processor and puree until smooth. Season with a little salt, if needed, and loosen with a little olive oil if needed.nSchmear each toast with the pate and top with balsamic onions., ingredients: [Olive oil, 2 large onions, sliced, Salt, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, Olive oil, 2 to 3 anchovy fillets, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 pound chicken livers, cleaned and rinsed, 1 cup white wine, 1 baguette, cut in to 12inch slices, toasted or grilled], title: Crostini of Chicken Liver Pate with Balsamic Onions, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 19504: {instructions: Heat the garlic and oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the garlic becomes golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add the scallions and cook, stirring, just until bright green and tender, about 1 minute. Transfer half the garlicscallion mixture to a medium serving bowl, stir in the sour cream, and refrigerate until ready to serve.nAdd the beef and pepper to the skillet and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high and cook, stirring to break the beef into small bits, until the meat is browned and cooked through, about 4 minutes. Stir in the chili powder, then the tomato paste. Cook, stirring, for 30 seconds. Remove from the heat, transfer to a rimmed baking sheet, and place in the freezer to cool quickly. When its room temperature, stir in the cheese.nWhile the meat mixture cools, fill a Dutch oven with oil to a depth of 1 inch about 7 cups. Heat to 375u00b0F over medium heat.nScoop 2 tablespoons meat filling in the center of a pastry round fold the pastry in half to enclose the filling. Seal the edges by decoratively crimping or pressing with the tines of a fork. Repeat to fill and seal 3 more, then add to the hot oil. Cook, turning to evenly brown, until golden brown and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spatula to paper towels to drain. While the first batch fries, fill and seal 4 more empanadas. Cook after the first batch comes out. Repeat until all the empanadas are filled, sealed, and fried. Garnish the sour cream sauce with scallions and serve with the hot empanadas., ingredients: [6 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, plus more for garnish, 1 cup sour cream, 1 pound ground beef sirloin, 1 green bell pepper, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese, 20 frozen empanada dough discs, thawed], title: Beef Chili Empanadas with Sour Cream Garlic Dipping Sauce, picturelink: zwfFxjTK8UbnRFSdKY0n5Fnv584h0Rq}, 19505: {instructions: Mash the bananas, sugar, and cinnamon together in a mixing bowl until creamy, but not completely smooth u00bf you should still have pieces of banana chunks. Spoon a generous tablespoon of the banana filling on the empanada pastry circles and stick a piece of chocolate on top. Form and bake the empanadas as directed in the recipe. Dust with confectionersu00bf sugar and serve hot.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, masa harina, baking powder, and salt. Stir in the melted butter. Gradually add 12 cup to 34 cup of water, working it in with your hands to incorporate the dough should be easy to handle and not sticky. Form the dough into a ball, wrap it in plastic, and chill for 30 minutes.nLightly flour your rolling pin and counter. Divide the dough in 12 so it will be easier to work with and roll it out to 18inch thickness. Using a 4inch cookie or biscuit cutter, cut out 10 circles of dough repeat with the other 12.nSpoon 2 generous tablespoons of filling into the center of each pastry circle, leaving a 12inch border. Brush the edges with the egg wash and then fold the dough over in 12 to enclose the filling and form a semicircle. Tightly seal the edges by crimping with the tines of a fork. Chill at least 30 minutes before baking.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the empanadas on a buttered baking sheet and brush the tops with additional egg wash. Using a fork, prick a few holes in the top of the empanadas for steam to escape. Bake for 30 minutes, until the pastry is golden brown., ingredients: [4 large ripe bananas, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 recipe empanada dough, recipe follows, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken in chunks, Confectionersu2019 sugar, for dusting, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup masa harina, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 large egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, Butter, for greasing the pans], title: ChocolateBanana Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 19506: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chocolate chips and butter into a bowl set over a pot of simmering water, and stir until melted. Add the peanut butter and vanilla, and stir again until homogenous. Remove the bowl from the heat, then add the pretzels. Using two spatulas, toss the pretzels to coat completely with the chocolate. Add the sugar to the bowl and toss again to coat the pretzels. Serve as is, or store in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons butter, 34 cup peanut butter, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 cups pretzels, broken into pieces, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar], title: Pretzel Chow Mix, picturelink: JKr33fVFLBd3sUvVa05D6Unpy35Wyq}, 19507: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring sugar, water and corn syrup to a boil. Let cool, then add lime juice and sour cream. Churn in an ice cream maker and freeze until needed., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup water, 12 tablespoon corn syrup, Juice from 1 lime, 12 cup sour cream], title: Sour Cream Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 19508: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, 14 cup blue cheese, half and half, sour cream, lemon juice, Worcestershire, and salt, until smooth. Gently stir in the remaining 14 cup blue cheese and season with pepper to taste. Use now or store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup crumbled Maytag or other blue cheese about 3 ounces, divided, 12 cup half and half, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: so2v82lLlM8keVzICBgtEGoeobh8JB.}, 19509: {instructions: In a large bowl, soak the chicken in enough salted water to cover in the refrigerator overnight. Add about 1 tablespoon salt per cup of water. Drain the chicken and shake off the excess water. In a pie plate, mix together the flour, pepper and salt. Roll the chicken in the flour to coat. Into two 12inch cast iron skillets, pour enough vegetable oil to come to a depth of 1 12 inches in each skillet. Heat over mediumhigh heat until very hot, 305 degrees F.nUsing tongs, carefully add the chicken pieces to the hot oil, making sure there is a lot of space between the pieces. Cook all the chicken at the same time. Cover the skillets and lower the heat to medium. After 15 minutes, the bottom sides should be brown. Turn the pieces over with the tongs, and continue to cook, covered, browning on all sides, and adjusting the heat as necessary. Remove the breast pieces after 12 minutes. All the chicken should be cooked in about 30 minutes. Transfer the chicken to paper towels to drain. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, giblets and liver removed, cut into 8 pieces, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, enough to come up halfway on the chicken], title: Pollys Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 19510: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Remove the thick stems from the kale and discard tear the leaves into pieces. Lay on the prepared baking sheets and spray evenly with cooking spray. Bake, tossing the kale halfway through, until crispy, about 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the barbecue seasoning: Combine the paprika, chile powder, brown sugar, garlic powder, mustard powder and 1 12 teaspoons salt in a bowl. Remove the kale from the oven and sprinkle with some of the seasoning.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [1 bunch kale about 1 pound, Olive oil cooking spray, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 14 teaspoon mustard powder, Kosher salt], title: Barbecue Kale Chips, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 19511: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the ground lamb with the garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the lamb into 12 small balls and form them into patties. Cook the patties on a hot nonstick grill pan over medium heat for about 3 to 4 minutes per side. The meat will release from the pan when ready.nPut the 3 lamb patties in the middle of each flatbread and top with 2 tablespoons crumbled feta and fresh mint. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground lamb, 3 garlic cloves, minced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 pita or flatbreads, preferably Greek style, 12 cup crumbled feta, 12 bunch fresh mint, leaves roughly chopped], title: Lamb Sandwich, picturelink: 33iNZm1Hwwc4b8gp5ctGX5kWh4XZXQm}, 19512: {instructions: For the dressing: Combine the yogurt, Parmesan, lemon juice, mustard, olive oil, oregano, anchovies, garlic, 34 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth. Cover and chill for at least 30 minutes. The dressing will keep for up to 3 days refrigerated.nFor the steak and romaine: Prepare a grill for medium heat. Lightly oil the grill grates.nSprinkle the steaks with salt and pepper and grill about 5 minutes per side for medium rare. Remove to a cutting board to rest for 8 minutes.nBrush the cut sides of the romaine with the olive oil and season with a pinch of salt and pepper. Grill, without turning, until lightly charred and wilted, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter. Slice the steaks and place on top of the romaine. Drizzle the dressing over top and serve., ingredients: [12 cup 2 percent plain Greek yogurt, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 3 anchovies, 1 small clove garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates and brushing the romaine, Two 1inchthick strip steaks about 1 12 pounds total, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 romaine hearts, split lengthwise and core trimmed], title: Grilled Strip Steak and Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 19513: {instructions: Bake a 1 12 batch of white cake in 2 buttered and paperlined 10inch pans. When cakes are cooled, peel off paper and position one layer right side up on a cardboard. Spread the layer with chocolate buttercream, then top with second layer upside down. Mask outside of cake with more buttercream, then press multicolored chocolate shavings made with milk and white chocolate against cake all around., ingredients: [], title: Celebration Layer Cake, picturelink: null}, 19514: {instructions: Mix 13 cup each mayonnaise and finely chopped cooked bacon season with pepper. Spread on toasted white bread. Sandwich with delisliced turkey, sliced cherry tomatoes and baby greens. Make a doubledecker sandwich. Trim the crusts and cut into pieces., ingredients: [], title: BLT Club Tea Sandwich, picturelink: TYieKSnuWV9BldukNDkO31G0gW0Kwoi}, 19515: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Microwave chocolate and butter in large microwavable bowl on HIGH 1 to 2 minutes or until butter is melted. Let stand 10 minutes to cool slightly. Add 12 cup of the sugar, egg and peppermint extract. Beat with electric mixer on medium speed until well blended. Gradually beat in flour on low speed until well mixed.n2. Shape dough into 1inch balls. Press a chocolate candy into the center of each ball, forming dough around the candy to completely enclose it. Roll in remaining 12 cup sugar to coat. Place 1 inch apart on greased baking sheets.n3. Bake 9 to 11 minutes or until cookies are set. Cool on baking sheets 5 minutes. Remove to wire racks cool completely.nWhite Chocolate Drizzled Peppermint Truffle Cookies: Prepare, bake and cool cookies as directed. Melt 4 ounces white baking chocolate, coarsely chopped, and 4 teaspoons milk as directed on package. Stir in 18 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Pure Peppermint Extract. Spoon into small resealable plastic bag. Cut a small piece from one of the bottom corners of bag. Close bag tightly, then drizzle the chocolate in a zigzag pattern over each cookie. If desired, sprinkle each cookie with finely crushed peppermint candies.nSparkling Peppermint Truffle Cookies: Prepare and shape cookies as directed. Roll in holidaycolored sparkling sugars. Bake as directed., ingredients: [8 ounces bittersweet baking chocolate, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 1 cup sugar, divided, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Pure Peppermint Extract, 2 cups flour, 36 milk chocolate kissshaped candies, unwrapped], title: Peppermint Truffle Cookies, picturelink: ij0BIuyeFP6VF5fSzwqaeDOFQIDhX.}, 19516: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, using a rubber spatula, mix the butter, blue cheese, bacon, and chives together until combined. Dollop half of the compound butter along the long edge of a 12inch piece of parchment or waxed paper. Roll into a log, twisting opposite ways on both ends of the paper to create a tightly wrapped log of butter. Refrigerate or freeze for another use.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nUsing your fingers, carefully loosen the skin from chicken breasts. Stuff about 14 of the remaining blue cheese butter under the skin of each breast smoothing the skin to evenly distribute the butter over the surface of the breast meat.nPut the chicken on a rimmed baking sheet and rub any remaining butter over the skin. Season each breast with just a pinch of freshly ground black pepper.nRoast the chicken breasts, skin sides up, in the center of the oven until skin is crisped and chicken is cooked through, about 35 to 40 minutes. An instantread thermometer should register 165 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the meat. Remove from the oven to a serving platter. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.nCooks Note: This recipe makes 2 logs of compound butter unused butter can be used to top grilled meats, burgers, or baked or mashed potatoes., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled recommended: Maytag or Point Reyes, 4 slices smoked bacon, cooked until crisp and finely chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, 4 skinon, bonein organic chicken breasts, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Bacon and Blue Cheese Stuffed Chicken Breasts, picturelink: Gugtd93g8ajiMV.tV00w7lzkXfxG.6}, 19517: {instructions: Chop the garlic finely. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon salt over the garlic and continue to chop it, occasionally smashing and smearing the garlic with the flat side of the knife, until the garlic becomes pastelike. Alternatively, mash the garlic and salt together in a mortar and pestle. Put the garlic paste, butter, thyme, and pepper in a small bowl. Fold the softened butter over and onto the garlic and thyme, mashing it down with the back of a spoon or spatula. Use a sheet of plastic wrap to help shape the butter into a log, wrap the log well with the plastic wrap, and refrigerate until ready to use. The garlic butter can be made up to 3 days ahead it can also be frozen, well wrapped, for a couple of months.nMelt half of the garlicbutter mixture in a small pan over medium heat. Rewrap and save the other half for future use its great stuff under the skin of a chicken before roasting or tossing into the broth of steamed mussels.nHeat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large ovenproof saute pan, heat the vegetable oil over high heat until very hot. Season the steaks with a little salt and pepper. Add the steaks to the pan and brown them well on 1 side, about 5 minutes. Turn the steaks and brush them liberally with the garlic butter. Finish cooking the steaks in the oven, brushing them occasionally with more garlic butter, until done, about another 5 minutes. The time will vary depending on how you like your steaks cooked and how thick they are. Remove the steaks from the oven and allow them to rest for 5 minutes before serving. Serve smaller steaks whole or sliced thinly across the grain. Cut larger steaks into 2 servings or into thin slices. Spoon any remaining juices from the pan onto the meat as well., ingredients: [3 garlic cloves, Kosher salt, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Ample pinch of coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 large 16 to 20 ounces or 4 small 8 to 10 ounces bonein rib steaks or boneless ribeye steaks], title: SearRoasted Rib Steak with Garlic Butter, picturelink: null}, 19518: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThrow the jalapenos, lime juice, cilantro, bell peppers, red onions and watermelon into a large bowl and toss together. Add the salt, taste with a chip and adjust as needed.nServe with chips or on top of grilled chicken or fish, or as a side salad, ingredients: [2 jalapenos, seeded and finely diced, Juice of 1 to 2 limes, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, finely diced, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, finely diced, 12 red onion, diced, 12 small seedless watermelon, diced, 12 teaspoon salt, Tortilla chips, for serving, optional], title: Watermelon Pico de Gallo, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 19519: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the butter, honey, salt, chiles and garlic in a bowl. Using plastic wrap, form into a log and store in the freezer., ingredients: [2 sticks good unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 birds eye chiles, seeded and diced very small, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp grater], title: Spicy Honey Butter, picturelink: L7ivG2c62fIIYezaG1tIMPgoaXI7svG}, 19520: {instructions: Special equipment: 3 cups wood chips, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes and drainedn1. Rub ribs all over with Memphis Shake. Cover and refrigerate for 2 to 24 hours. Soak wood chips in water for at least 30 minutes before grilling.n2. Soak 3 cups hardwood chips in water for 30 minutes or up to one day. Build a charcoal fire on an outdoor grill to medium heat. Place a pan, halffilled with water, under cooler side grill grate. Open bottom vents grill.n3. Place ribs over drip pan. Drain wood chips and place half directly over hot coals. Rotate lid so vent holes are directly over ribs. Add about 1 cup hardwood charcoals to fire about every hour during cooking time to maintain a medium to mediumlow fire a temperature about 250 degrees F to 275 degrees F is ideal. Cook until meat is reddish brown and pulls back from bones, about 3 hours. Baste ribs with barbecue sauce and cook over direct heat until lightly glazed. Cut racks into ribs and serve with extra sauce on side.n1. Rub ribs all over with Memphis Shake. Cover and refrigerate for 2 to 24 hours. Soak wood chips in water for at least 30 minutes before grilling.n2. Soak 3 cups hardwood chips in water for 30 minutes or up to one day. Build a charcoal fire on an outdoor grill to medium heat. Place a pan, halffilled with water, under cooler side grill grate. Open bottom vents grill.n3. Place ribs over drip pan. Drain wood chips and place half directly over hot coals. Rotate lid so vent holes are directly over ribs. Add about 1 cup hardwood charcoals to fire about every hour during cooking time to maintain a medium to mediumlow fire a temperature about 250 degrees F to 275 degrees F is ideal. Cook until meat is reddish brown and pulls back from bones, about 3 hours. Baste ribs with barbecue sauce and cook over direct heat until lightly glazed. Cut racks into ribs and serve with extra sauce on sidenWhisk paprika, brown sugar, oregano, garlic, ancho powder, 2 teaspoons salt, and celery salt in a small bowl. Store in an airtight container in a cool, dry place for up to 2 months., ingredients: [2 racks pork spareribs about 3 pounds each, 2 cups Cola Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup Memphis Shake, recipe follows, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups cola, 112 cups ketchup, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 slightly heaping tablespoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, plus additional for seasoning, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 112 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 cup sweet paprika, 3 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon celery salt], title: Backyard BBQd Spareribs, picturelink: null}, 19521: {instructions: Place a comal or a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat do not oil. Place garlic, onion, and tomato all with their skins in pan and roast, turning, as needed, with tongs, until blistered and charred all over. Let vegetables cool slightly, then peel off skins.nIn a blender, combine vegetables with chipotle chile and cilantro leaves. Whirl until coarsely pureed. If using a mortar and pestle, finely chop cilantro leaves with cooked, peeled onion and garlic. Mash tomatoes and chipotle in mortar, then stir in chopped vegetables and cilantro. Squeeze lime juice into salsa, then stir in oil. Taste, season with salt, and serve. Can be made ahead, covered, and refrigerated up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 1 small red onion, unpeeled, cut into quarters, 4 firmripe red tomatoes, 1 canned chipotle in adobo, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt], title: Roasted Chipotle Salsa, picturelink: null}, 19522: {instructions: For the sauce: Heat a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the olive oil and shallots and saute for about two minutes. Add the cumin and smoked paprika and continue to cook, stirring, for one minute more. Add the cream and salt, reduce the heat to low, and simmer for about 5 minutes, until slightly thickened. Whisk in the goat cheese, a little at a time, until fully incorporated and smooth. Remove from the heat and let cool for 5 minutes before stirring in the chives and parsley.nFor the shrimp: In a medium bowl, toss the shrimp with the 14 cup hot sauce and the olive oil, lemon zest and garlic. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the shrimp with the salt and grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side, or until opaque at the center. Remove to a clean bowl and toss with the remaining 2 tablespoons hot sauce. Serve with the goat cheese dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallot, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 cup heavy cream, room temperature, 13 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, room temperature, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 pound jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 cup hot sauce, such as Franks, plus 2 tablespoons for serving, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, from 1 large lemon, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and coarsely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Buffalo Grilled Shrimp with Goat Cheese Dipping Sauce, picturelink: VXWgngRGBMLbzNNvgqE8PtU4Cps3bi}, 19523: {instructions: You will need a mediumsized bowl, a food processor optional, unglazed quarry tiles to fit on the bottom rack of your oven, and a rolling pin.nPlace the bulgur and salt in a food processor, pour the boiling water over, and stir or process briefly to mix. Let stand for thirty minutes. When you come back to the bulgur mixture, it will look like the bulgur has totally absorbed the water. However, proceed by adding 1 cup flour and the minced onion, and process for 1 minute. The dough should come together into a large ball as you process. If it doesnt, feel the dough: If it feels dry and floury, start the processor, add 2 tablespoons warm water and process for 30 seconds again if the bulgur and flour still dont come together, add another 2 tablespoons water and process.nOnce a ball of dough forms, process for 2 to 3 minutes longer, then turn out onto a wellfloured surface. If your processor is too small to handle the whole dough, work with half at a time, adding 12 cup flour to each portion, then combine when you turn out of the processor and knead by hand. Knead by hand for 4 to 5 minutes.nAlternatively, if you do not have a food processor, combine bulgur, salt and boiling water in a mediumsized bowl and let stand for 30 minutes. Add onions and 12 cup flour and stir in. Add another 12 cup flour and use your hands to fold flour into the dough. With a little persistence, you will soon have a dough although somewhat sticky that you can knead. Turn out onto a wellfloured kneading surface and knead for 6 or 7 minutes. Dough will be sticky at first, but will soon come together into a smooth workable dough you may be surprised to discover how kneadable bulgur is.nWhen finished kneading, cover the dough with plastic wrap and let stand until you are ready to proceed further, for 15 minutes to an hour, whatever is convenient.nTo bake, have your oven preheated to 450 degrees with baking stone or quarry tiles in place on a rack in the bottom third of the oven. Divide the dough into 8 pieces, and flatten each on a wellfloured bread board. With a rolling pin, roll out one or two breads until very thin, about 8 to 10 inches in diameter. Work with only one or two at a time, as many as will fit in your oven. When ready, handle the bread gently as you place it on the hot tiles. You can also try dusting a peel or the back of a baking sheet with flour and using peel or sheet to transfer breads to hot tiles. Bake on one side for 1 12 to 2 minutes then turn over to the other side for 1 to 1 12 minutes. The bread should begin to brown around the outside. When baked, keep breads warm by stacking them one on top of the other and wrapping them in a clean kitchen towel. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 cups fine or medium bulgur, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 cups boiling water, 12 cup minced onion, Approximately 2 cups unbleached hard white or allpurpose flour], title: Bulgur Breads, picturelink: null}, 19524: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Croquembouche moldnPlace the sugar, corn syrup, and water in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Insert a candy thermometer and cook the sugar mixture until it reaches 320 degrees F. Remove from the heat and carefully divide the cooked sugar between 2 mediumsize microwaveable glass bowls. If you leave the sugar in the pan, the sugar will continue to cook and turn dark brown. A glass bowl will hold the temperature of the sugar. I put a towel under the bowl to keep the bowl from tipping over and to protect my hands from the heat of the glass. The sugar will stay liquid enough to work with easily for about 10 minutes after that it will start to thicken. If this happens before you are finished, just pop the bowl in the microwave for 3 to 5 minutes, until the sugar is liquid enough to work with once again. Add a few drops of orange food coloring to 1 bowl and mix with a wooden skewer. Add a few drops of black food coloring to the other bowl and mix with a wooden skewer.nTo make the brim: Trace a large circle onto a piece of parchment paper. Turn over the paper and give it a light coating of vegetable cooking spray. Dip the tines of a fork into the hot orange sugar. Carefully but quickly wave the fork over the inside of the circle, allowing the sugar to drip off the fork in long, thin strands. Try to distribute the strands evenly around the side of the circle, making sure to come all the way to the edges of the brim. Then dip the tines of the fork into the hot black sugar. Repeat the process. You will be able to see the paper through the sugar but you want to make this layer thick. Set aside to cool, about 5 minutes.nTo make the cone of the hat: Wash, dry, and lightly but thoroughly spray the clean, dry mold with the baking spray, wiping out excess with a paper towel. Dip the tines of a fork into the hot orange sugar. Carefully but quickly wave the fork over the outside of the mold, allowing the sugar to drip off the fork in long, thin strands. Try to distribute the strands evenly around the side of the mold, making sure to come all the way to the top and the brim. Then dip the tines of the fork into the hot black sugar. Repeat the process. You should still be able to see the mold through the sugar. Make a nice thick layer of sugar so the hat will be sturdy. Set aside to cool, about 5 minutes.nTo unmold, place your hands on the inside of the mold and let your fingers gently pull or slide the sugar loose from the side of the mold. You will need to apply this gentle pressure all around the inside. Keep moving the sugar as it cools. This will keep it from resticking but you need to wait until the sugar has cooled. Once the sugar has released from the mold, carefully lift it out and place it over the brim. If the sugar is still too warm, the hat may begin to collapse. That is why it is a good idea to release the sugar from the mold but leave it in the mold until it has cooled completely. At this stage, the cage can be stored, right side up, in an airtight container in a cool, dry place for 1 to 2 days.nCarefully remove the parchment paper from the brim. You should be able to pull it out from under the brim. Do not worry if the brim cracks or breaks. You can use a blow torch to melt the sugar back into place. Carefully lift the cone of the hat and center it on top of the brim.nI used a special Croquembouche mold to make my Witchs Hat because it is exactly the right shape. You do not need to buy this expensive mold to make your decoration. Use any metal or ceramic shape, preferably one that does not have outside handles or seams.nRemember you are working with hot sugar so be sure to have a bowl of cold water ready in case you get any of it on your skin. It is best to work with sugar on a dry day, as the humidity will melt the sugar. To be on the safe side, make your sugar decoration no more than one to two hours before you are ready to serve them., ingredients: [2 12 cups granulated sugar, Scant 23 cup light corn syrup, Scant 12 cup water, Orange and black food color paste, Vegetable baking spray, Special equipment, See source link for information:, Croquembouche mold], title: Sugar Witchs Hat, picturelink: NDQaXjVPr0gKEYGZ98p3KFEfruQ9Hcq}, 19525: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add onions, garlic, and jalapeno, saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add Merlot and reduce by half over high heat. Reduce heat to low and stir in soup mix and chocolate. Stir until smooth. Keep warm on very low heat until ready to serve.nPreheat grill pan over high heat. Season steaks with taco seasoning. Spray pan with cooking spray and grill to desired doneness.nServe steaks with chocolate Merlot sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 mediumsized yellow onion, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 jalapeno, finely chopped, 1 12 cups Merlot wine, 1 tablespoon onion soup mix, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 2 1 inch thick New York strip steaks, 14 cup taco seasoning mix], title: Grilled New York Strip with Chocolate Merlot Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19526: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly grease a baking sheet with olive oil.nPlace the asparagus on the prepared baking sheet. Whisk together the orange juice, olive oil, ginger, mustard, salt and pepper in a small mixing bowl to make a citronette. Drizzle the citronette over the asparagus. Toss to coat.nBake to desired tenderness, turning once halfway through the cooking time, about 8 minutes.nPlace the ground chile in a shallow plate. Dredge the panela slices in the chile powder, coating on both sides. Heat a nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the cheese to sear, about 2 minutes per side.nServe the cheese on top of the asparagus on platter. Garnish with cilantro, mint, zest and orange segments. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for greasing, 2 pounds fresh asparagus, woody ends trimmed, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 tablespoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 dried pasilla chile, stemmed, seeded and ground, 6 slices panela or halloumi cheese, 1 teaspoon fresh cilantro leaves, torn, 1 teaspoon fresh mint leaves, torn, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 orange, cut into segments], title: Roasted Ginger Asparagus with PanSeared PasillaRubbed Cheese, picturelink: JKr33fVFLBd3sUvVa05D6Unpy35Wyq}, 19527: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a 10inch saute pan over medium heat. Cook the hot dogs, browning them on all sides, until warmed through, about 5 minutes. Remove to a plate and keep warm while making the topping.nIn the same pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until they are beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and red peppers, season with the oregano and 18 teaspoon salt and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the onions and peppers are softened and beginning to brown, about 8 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the tomatoes and 18 teaspoon salt. Stir with a rubber spatula just to combine and sprinkle the mozzarella on top to melt.nPreheat a grill pan or a broiler to mediumhigh. Butter the sides of each bun and grill or broil until golden, about 1 minute. Place each hot dog in a toasted bun. Divide the vegetablecheese mixture evenly over the dogs., ingredients: [6 allbeef hot dogs, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 cremini mushrooms, sliced into 14inch slices, 1 small onion, halved and sliced thin from root to tip, 1 red pepper, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt, 23 cup yellow cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 6 potato hot dog buns], title: Giada Dog at Pinks, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 19528: {instructions: In a 4quart saucepan add the can of peas, liquid and all, into warm rice and cover pot so rice will absorb most of pea liquid. Cut mushrooms into 14inch slices and dice ham and onion.nHeat 12inch frying pan over high heat. Add 12 stick of butter. Once the butter melts add mushrooms to pan. Do not stir or turn for 2 minutes. After 2 minutes turn mushrooms and add onion and remaining butter. After 2 more minutes stir once and add ham cubes and olive oil. Reduce heat to medium and cook while stirring constantly for 1 more minute to warm ham. Pour contents of frying pan into pot with rice and peas and then add all spices. Mix well and serve., ingredients: [1 16ounce can peas, 3 cups cooked white rice, 8 ounces fresh white mushrooms, 12 pound smoked or baked ham cut into 14inch cubes, 2 medium yellow onions diced, 1 stick butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons white table sugar, 2 tablespoons seasoned salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon MSG, 12 teaspoon red pepper, 12 teaspoon black pepper], title: Cuban Rice, picturelink: null}, 19529: {instructions: Pulse the flour, baking powder, sugar and salt in a food processor. Add the shortening and onethird of the butter pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Add the remaining butter and pulse until it is the size of peas. Add 14 cup ice water and pulse a few more times. If the dough doesnt hold together when squeezed, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing.nDivide between 2 sheets of plastic wrap. Pat into disks wrap and chill at least 1 hour., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, cut into pieces, 10 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces], title: Basic Crust, picturelink: null}, 19530: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks Note: For a substitute for curry powder, combine 2 teaspoons turmeric, 1 12 teaspoons each ground cumin and ground coriander, 12 teaspoon each ground mustard and ground ginger and 14 teaspoon each ground cinnamon and cayenne pepper. For the curried squash soup: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Dress the squash with the EVOO to coat lightly. Sprinkle with salt, pepper and a little freshly grated nutmeg, and coat with the curry powder. Drizzle the honey all over and roast until golden on the edges and very tender, about 25 minutes. The spices will toast with the squash and fill the air with a terrific aroma. Meanwhile heat a drizzle of EVOO in a soup pot over medium to mediumhigh heat, and then add the butter to melt. Stir in the garlic, carrots, apples and onions and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook, partially covered, until softened, about 10 minutes. Pour in the stock and a drizzle of honey or chutney. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until the vegetables are softened, about 20 minutes. Add the roasted squash and puree with an immersion blender, thinning the soup with water if necessary. The soup can alternately be pureed in batches in a food processor or highpower blender. Adjust the seasoning. Cool and store for a makeahead meal, bringing to room temperature before reheating over a medium flame. Garnish with the scallions and cilantro. For the apple and cheddar melts: Spread each bread slice with softened butter on 1 side and chutney on the other. Fill the sandwiches, chutney sidesin, with the cheese and apples in the center. Griddle the sandwiches over medium heat until deeply golden and the cheese has melted., ingredients: [1 large butternut or other orangefleshed squash or pumpkin, peeled, deseeded and sliced, EVOO, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 2 slightly round tablespoons prepared curry powder, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 carrots, thinly sliced, 1 Gala or other crisp apple, peeled and chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 quart chicken or vegetable stock, Chopped scallions and cilantro, for garnish, 8 slices goodquality white bread, Butter, softened, for spreading, Prepared chutney, such as Pataks Major Gray Mango Chutney, 12 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded or sliced, 1 Gala or other crisp apple, peeled and thinly sliced], title: Curried Squash Soup with Apple and Cheddar Melts, picturelink: IKM2oAq4vfb.NiomG2aBiItATC2rFSq}, 19531: {instructions: Prick potatoes several times each with a fork and microwave on high for 10 to 12 minutes. Cool potatoes until you can handle them and chop.nHeat a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat with extravirgin olive oil and butter. Add apples and onions and cook 5 minutes, add potatoes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Crisp and brown the potatoes with apples and onions 5 minutes more, then serve., ingredients: [2 large Idaho potatoes, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 small, soft apples, such as McIntosh, chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Apple, Potato and Onion Hash, picturelink: 9rIDgSMmqnlkqMtokWoLq65Shxst6i}, 19532: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil, toss in the spinach and blanch for 1 minute until very tender. Dump the spinach into a colander and press firmly with the back of a spoon to extract as much water as possible, set aside.nHeat the ghee in a deep skillet over mediumhigh flame. Add the cubed paneer and fry for a couple of minutes until light brown on all sides, gently turning to avoid breaking up the cubes. Remove the cheese from the skillet and set aside.nReturn the skillet to the heat and sautu00e9 the onions, garlic, and ginger cook and stir for about 5 minutes until soft. Sprinkle the mixture with the curry powder continue to stir to marry the flavors, about 1 minute. Fold in the chopped spinach and give everything a good toss. Shut off the heat and stir the buttermilk and yogurt into the spinach to incorporate. The mixture should be creamy and somewhat thick. Gently fold in the fried paneer cubes, season with salt, to taste, and serve with steamed basmati rice andor flat bread.nPut the butter in a heavy saucepan over moderate heat, swirl the pot around to ensure that it melts slowly and does not sizzle or brown. Increase the heat and bring the butter to a boil. When the surface is covered with foam, stir gently and reduce the heat to the lowest possible setting. Gently simmer, uncovered, and undisturbed for 45 minutes, until the milk solids in the bottom of the pan have turned golden brown and the butter on top is transparent. Strain the ghee through a sieve lined with several layers of cheesecloth. The ghee should be perfectly clear and smell nutty pour into a glass jar and seal tightly.nToast the whole spices coriander, cumin, fennel, cloves, mustard, cardamom and peppercorns and the chiles in a small dry skillet over mediumlow heat, shaking the pan often to prevent them from burning. Toast for a couple of minutes until the spices smell fragrant. In a clean coffee grinder, grind the toasted spices together to a fine powder. Add the turmeric and give it another quick buzz to combine. Use the spice blend immediately, or store in a sealed jar for as long as 1 month., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh baby spinach, washed and stems trimmed, 14 cup Ghee, recipe follows, 12 pound cubed paneer cheese, 2 yellow onions, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 1 teaspoon Curry Powder, recipe follows, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup plain yogurt, Salt, 1 pound unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon whole cloves, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon cardamom seeds, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 2 dried red chiles, broken in pieces, seeds discarded, 1 tablespoon turmeric], title: Saag Paneer, picturelink: null}, 19533: {instructions: Special equipment: mandoline or food processor fitted with a 2millimeter slicing bladenPrepare Potato Salad Vinaigrette: Using a mandoline or food processor fitted with a 2millimeter slicing blade, slice potatoes across width as thinly as possible. Place in a large bowl and wash in cold, running water until water runs clear.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes, bring back to a boil, and remove from heat. Drain in a colander. In a medium bowl, toss potatoes with red onion and reserve.nWhisk remaining ingredients in a small bowl to form a vinaigrette. Pour over potatoes and onions, and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate up to 2 days.nPrepare Cod: Soak hickory chips in water for an hour. Meanwhile, combine brine ingredients in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, strain into a ceramic or glass roasting pan, and chill. When cool, marinate cod fillets about 15 minutes at room temperature.nMake a stove top smoker with that big old pot youve been meaning to throw away. Or line a good pot with aluminum foil to keep it from aging quickly. Place chips on bottom of pot and a rack above them. Cover pot, place on a burner over high heat. When chips start smoking, place fish on rack, cover, and cook over moderate heat 10 minutes, or until just cooked through. Transfer fish to a platter, cover with plastic wrap and chill.nTo serve, line 6 serving plates with a thin layer of Potato Salad Vinaigrette. Cover each with a chilled fish fillet and serve., ingredients: [6 medium red potatoes, with skins, washed, 12 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup olive oil, 1 bunch parsley, leaves only, chopped, 2 teaspoons pureed garlic, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Dash of white pepper, 1 cup hickory chips, 12 cup coarse salt, 12 large onion, sliced, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 3 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 1inch length fresh ginger, sliced thinly, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 14 teaspoon whole allspice, 14 teaspoon whole cloves, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 cups water, 6 6ounce black cod fillets], title: Smoked Black Cod Salad with Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 19534: {instructions: Add the apple cider, bourbon, and the lime juice to a pitcher and stir. Pour over ice. Serve with a lime wedge., ingredients: [3 cups apple cider, 8 ounces 1 cup bourbon, 14 cup fresh lime juice, Lime wedges, for garnish, Ice, as needed], title: Bourbon Cider Twist, picturelink: 2RfuiR6dlxz0eS59xFpZZYCAXRpCML2}, 19535: {instructions: Heat oven to 375u00b0F. Place paper baking cup in each of 24 regularsize muffin cups. Make and bake cake mix as directed on box for cupcakes. Cool 10 minutes remove from pans to cooling racks. Cool completely, about 30 minutes. Divide frosting into five separate small bowls. Stir 1 teaspoon desired color gel food color into each bowl. Spoon each color frosting into separate decorating bag fitted with desired tip. Pipe frosting on cupcakes to look like monsters fur. Decorate each cupcake as desired using candy eyeballs and decorating gel. Tips: Use a small star decorating tip for hair on these scary monsters. If you only have one pan and a recipe calls for more cupcakes than your pan will make, cover and refrigerate the rest of the batter while baking the first batch. Cool pan about 15 minutes, then bake the rest of the batter, adding 1 to 2 minutes to bake time., ingredients: [2 tubes 0.68 oz each Betty Crockeru00bf black decorating gel, 1 box Betty Crockeru00bf SuperMoistu00bf yellow or chocolate fudge cake mix, Water, vegetable oil and eggs called for on cake mix box, 2 containers Betty Crockeru00bf Rich  Creamy vanilla frosting, Betty Crockeru00bf classic and neon gel food colors orange, purple, yellow, blue and lime green, 1 package 0.88 oz Betty Crockeru00bf Candy Shop candy eyeballs], title: Scary Monster Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 19536: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, combine the chickpeas, scallions, garlic, cumin, coriander, cayenne, parsley, cilantro, egg, and lemon juice. Pulse to combine and season with salt. The mixture will not be smooth, but it should not have large chunks.nAdd in the baking powder and 13 cup of the flour and pulse to just combine. Remove to a bowl and chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nRemove the chickpea mixture from the refrigerator. Add enough oil to a large saute pan so it reaches 12inch up the sides and heat it over mediumhigh heat until an inserted thermometer reads 360 degrees F.nMeanwhile, drop spoonfuls of the chickpea mixture onto a plate with 14 cup flour. Roll into balls on the floured plate and press gently into patties. Fry in batches of hot oil for about 3 to 4 minutes each side and drain on paper towels.nServe the falafel on a bed of lettuce with chopped salted tomatoes, grated cucumber and White Bean Yogurt Sauce.nPuree the white beans, garlic, yogurt, lemon juice, and olive oil in a mini food processor until very smooth. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Serve with falafel or as a salad dressing., ingredients: [2 14 cups cooked chickpeas, 3 scallions, coarsely chopped, 1 large clove garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 34 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Generous 14 cup coarsely chopped parsley, Generous 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro, 1 egg, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 13 cup flour, plus 14 cup flour for shaping patties, Vegetable oil, for frying, Lettuce, for garnish, Chopped salted tomatoes, for garnish, Grated cucumber, for garnish, White Bean Yogurt Sauce, recipe follows, 34 cup cooked white beans, 1 small garlic clove, coarsely chopped, 14 cup plain yogurt, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Falafel, picturelink: b.wvBGyQZ3FwGOosQVtrd1dAN9zccG}, 19537: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Lightly grease a half sheet tray lined with parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, combine the oats, peanuts, almonds, walnuts, coconut and brown sugar. Mix well. Add the molasses and peanut oil. Toss well until all ingredients are evenly dispersed and coated. Spread the granola out evenly on the sheet tray. Bake in the oven for 60 minutes, stirring occasionally to achieve even color.nRemove from the oven and transfer to a large bowl. Fold in raisins and graham crackers. Stir the blueberries into the yogurt in a small bowl. Spoon the yogurt into serving glasses or bowls and top with graham cracker granola., ingredients: [1 12 cups rolled oats, 12 cup peanuts, roasted, 12 cup almonds, blanched, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup sweetened coconut, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons molasses, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup coarsely crushed graham crackers, 1 pint blueberries, 1 quart vanilla yogurt], title: Big Daddys Get Up Granola, picturelink: null}, 19538: {instructions: Peel 3 carrots. Cut 1 mango into chunks. Halve and core 2 Granny Smith or Rome apples. Arrange the fruits and vegetables on a parchment paperlined baking sheet and roast in a 350 degrees F oven until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Puree in a food processor until smooth. Let cool, then refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 1 month.nPhotograph by John Lee by Arrangement with Rodale, ingredients: [], title: Carrot, Mango and Apple Puree, picturelink: HymUhvAk6nduvzoWYue8FTX6JHXMHC}, 19539: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Combine cereals and nuts in large bowl. Melt butter in saucepan and add seasonings. Drizzle butter mixture over cereal mixture and toss to coat. Season with salt. Bake for 20 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups crunchy wheat cereal chex, 2 cups crunchy corn cereal chex, 2 cups pretzel nuggets, 1 cup peanuts, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon curry, Salt], title: Spicy Crunch Mix, picturelink: null}, 19540: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and move a rack to the middle of the oven. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nHeat the oil in large heavybottomed pot with a lid over medium heat. Add the popcorn kernels and place the lid slightly ajar on top of pot. Cook until most of the kernels pop, 7 to 10 minutes the popping sounds slow down when its almost done. This will make 10 to 12 cups of popcorn.nWhile the popcorn is popping, melt the butter, honey, vanilla and salt in a small saucepan over low heat until the mixture is uniform. Transfer the popcorn onto the prepared baking sheet. Discard any unpopped kernels that settle at the bottom of the pot. Pour the butter mixture evenly over the popcorn. Toss the popcorn with two spatulas until coated. Bake, stirring every 5 minutes, until the popcorn is a deep caramel color, 20 minutes.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven and cool for 5 minutes. Wearing clean plastic gloves, use your hands to press the popcorn into 2inch balls. Towards the end you may need 12 to 1 teaspoon of extra honey to act as the glue for the balls., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup popcorn kernels, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons honey, plus more if needed, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: GlutenFree Honey Vanilla Popcorn Balls, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 19541: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the yogurt, scallions, lime juice and 3 tablespoons water in a small bowl season with salt. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nCombine 2 tablespoons butter with the paprika in a large microwavesafe bowl microwave until the butter melts, about 30 seconds. Add the frozen pierogi and toss to coat. Spread the pierogi on a foillined baking sheet, transfer to the oven and bake, flipping halfway through, until golden, 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a wide pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Add the cabbage, curry powder, 34 teaspoon salt and a splash of water and cook, stirring occasionally, until the cabbage is tender, about 12 minutes. Add another splash of water, if necessary. Season with salt.nDivide the cabbage and pierogi among plates serve with the yogurt sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 cup plain lowfat Greek yogurt, 2 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon paprika, 2 1pound packages frozen potatoandonion pierogi, 12 onion, thinly sliced, 34 head cabbage, shredded about 12 cups, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder], title: Pierogi with Curried Cabbage, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 19542: {instructions: In a saucepan combine the wine, sugar, cinnamon and cloves. Bring the liquid to a boil over moderately high heat, stirring, and simmer the mixture for 5 minutes. Add the figs and simmer just until figs are heated through. Let cool to warm. Arrange scoops of gelato in two stemmed glasses and top with the figs and some of the poaching liquid. Garnish with mint if desired., ingredients: [112 cups dry red wine, 1 to 2 tablespoons sugar, or to taste, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 whole cloves, 3 whole fresh figs, quartered, Vanilla gelato as an accompaniment, Mint sprigs for garnish if desired], title: Poached Figs in Spiced Red Wine with Vanilla Gelato, picturelink: null}, 19543: {instructions: Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nIn a food processor, finely chop mushrooms, yellow onion and garlic.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add beef and steak spice and cook, stirring and breaking up meat with a wooden spoon, for 8 minutes or until meat is no longer pink and no liquid remains in bottom of pan. Add mushroom mixture and cook, stirring frequently, until mixture is fragrant and liquid is evaporated. Transfer to a large bowl. Stir in Worcestershire sauce and season with salt and pepper.nLine a large about 11 16inch baking sheet with parchment paper, mist with cooking spray and sprinkle with cornmeal. Stretch dough to fit sheet.nMix tomato and BBQ sauces together and spread in an even layer onto pizza dough. In a bowl, combine the cheddar and mozzarella, then sprinkle half the cheese mixture overtop the sauces. Spread beef mixture over cheese. Top with remaining cheeses, red onion, tomatoes and bacon.nBake for 12 to 15 minutes, until crust is golden and cheese is golden brown.nWhile pizza is baking, combine yogurt and mustard. To serve, slice pizza, drizzle with yogurt sauce and top with shredded lettuce., ingredients: [8 medium cremini mushrooms, coarsely chopped, 12 small yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 ounces extralean ground beef or sirloin, 1 tablespoon Montreal steak spice, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely ground cornmeal, 1 pound prepared wholewheat pizza dough, 34 cup jarred allnatural tomato sauce, 14 cup jarred allnatural BBQ sauce, 1 cup shredded lowfat aged cheddar cheese, 1 cup shredded lowfat mozzarella cheese, 12 large red onion, diced, 2 medium plum tomatoes, diced, 3 slices crispy bacon, crumbled, 13 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt, 3 tablespoons yellow or Dijon mustard or combination of the two, 1 12 cups shredded iceberg lettuce], title: Bacon DoubleCheeseburger Pizza, picturelink: null}, 19544: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 12sheet pan with parchment paper or silpat. Mix together the oil, agave syrup, honey, cinnamon, brown sugar, and vanilla extract in a small bowl until smooth. Combine the oats, almonds, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, wheat germ, flax seed, and salt in a large bowl. Add the wet mixture to the dry mixture and stir well to combine making sure everything is evenly coated. Spread the mixture evenly onto the prepared sheet pan and bake in the oven, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly. While still warm, break into clumps. Add the dried fruit after it has cooled. Serve the yogurt in bowls and top with some of the granola and a drizzle of honey. Store the leftover granola in an airtight container in a cool place., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 14 cup agave syrup, 14 cup clover honey, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups oldfashioned rolled oats not instant, 34 cup slivered almonds, 12 cup raw sunflower seeds, 12 cup raw pumpkin seeds, 12 cup wheat germ, 2 tablespoons ground flax seed, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup diced dried sweetened mango, 1 pint 2percent Greek yogurt, Honey drizzle, for garnish], title: Homemade MangoAgave Granola with Greek Yogurt, picturelink: JKKxvurg7s4DXBIIqldJtb8GMHK8Rq}, 19545: {instructions: Scoop the ice cream into chilled bowls and set aside in the refrigerator. In a large saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, stir the butter and sugar to form smooth syrup. Add the bananas and baste for 1 minute. Carefully pour in the rum. If it does not burst into flames spontaneously, ignite with a match. Gently swirl the pan and baste the bananas until the flames die out. Place 3 quarters of a banana around each ice cream scoop and spoon sauce over top. Serve at once., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 4 bananas, peeled and cut lengthwise into halves, 14 cup dark rum, preferably Jamaican], title: Bananas Foster, picturelink: null}, 19546: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the syrup: Place the maple syrup and ginger in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the ginger and discard. Stir in the bourbon and keep warm while you make the French toast fingers.nFor the French toast: Place two racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and spray lightly with cooking spray.nSlice the brioche into 2inch slices and then cut each slice into three to four 1inchwide fingers. In a large bowl whisk the eggs, milk, butter, vanilla, bourbon and salt. Dunk the fingers into the egg mixture, let the excess drip off, and then place them onto the baking sheet. Bake the fingers until they are firm and golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes, flipping the fingers over halfway through baking. Serve warm with the syrup., ingredients: [1 cup pure maple syrup, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, 2 tablespoons bourbon, Nonstick cooking spray, One 1pound loaf broiche or challah, 6 eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon bourbon, 18 teaspoon fine salt], title: French Toast Fingers with Ginger Bourbon Maple Syrup, picturelink: I.Ec.rt6.BK75wCoyASYGDQja2ld9nu}, 19547: {instructions: Special equipment: pudding mold or ovenproof bowlnTo make the frosting: Empty a carton of plain yogurt without gelatin or other thickeners, into a strainer lined with a double layer of cheesecloth or paper coffee filter, and place over a bowl. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight. After about 6 to 8 hours, the yogurt has released about 1 14 cups water, and has the consistency of soft cream cheese. Add the honey, to taste, a pinch of salt, and a few gratings of lemon peel. Mix well.nPreheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the cake: In a large mixing bowl, combine the brown sugar, bread crumbs, buttermilk, molasses, oil, applesauce, beaten eggs, carrots, cranberries, figs, ginger and orange zest. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, and nutmeg. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients, and stir until just combined. Dont over stir. Pour the batter into a wellgreased pudding mold or heatproof bowl, and cover tightly. You can also use leftover tin cans, like a large tuna can, for example. Immerse in a water bath to come 13 way up the sides of your mold. Cover with a lid or tin foil. Steam for 1 12 hours in the oven.nSlather the yogurt frosting over the warm cake. Garnish with fresh grated orange zest right on top., ingredients: [26 ounces plain yogurt any fat content works, Cheesecloth, 2 to 3 tablespoons honey, Pinch kosher salt, Lemon zest, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 cup plain dry bread crumbs, 1 cup buttermilk, 34 cup molasses, 14 cup canola oil, 14 cup applesauce, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups grated carrots, 1 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup dried figs, 14 cup slivered candied or crystallized ginger, 2 tablespoons grated orange zest, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon nutmeg grated fresh with whole nutmeg, Orange zest, for garnish], title: Steamed Carrot Cake with Honey Yogurt Frosting, picturelink: null}, 19548: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together vinegar, honey and mustard. Whisk in olive oil in a stream and season to taste. Gently toss sweet potato slices and scallions with vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 13 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 roasted sweet potatoes, peeled and 12 slices, 2 sliced scallions], title: Sweet Potato Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 19549: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs drain and set aside.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, anchovies, red pepper flakes, oregano and 14 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the garlic is lightly golden, about 1 minute. Add the wine and cook until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce thickens slightly, 5 to 7 minutes.nAdd the whole clams cover and cook until they just begin to open, about 3 minutes. Add the chopped clams and parsley continue cooking, covered, until the whole clams are fully opened, about 3 more minutes discard any that do not open. Add the pasta and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil toss to combine. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces linguine, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 anchovy fillets, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 28ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, 1 14 pounds littleneck clams about 16, scrubbed, 12 ounces chopped clams drained if canned, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Linguine with Red Clam Sauce, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 19550: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLightly flour the countertop. Roll puff pastry so there are no seams. Cut into 4 squares.nIn a bowl, combine salmon, mushrooms, pickle relish, rice, scallions, parsley, salt, and pepper. Place 1 tablespoon of filling in the center of each square. Brush inside edges of puff pastry with egg wash and fold over to make a triangle. Using a fork, seal the edges. Poke a slit or two in the top of each turnover. Brush tops with egg wash. Bake in oven for 30 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 sheet puff pastry, Flour, for dusting, 1 can boneless, skinless, salmon, 12 cup Sauteed mushrooms, 1 to 2 tablespoons sour pickle relish, 1 cup cooked white, brown or fried rice, 2 to 3 chopped scallions, 1 tablespoon parsley leaves, chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water], title: Salmon Turnovers, picturelink: null}, 19551: {instructions: Special equipment: toothpicks, a muffin tin, a punch bowl and glassesnFor the eyeball ice cubes: Cut off and discard the top quarter of each orange. Carefully hollow out the oranges a grapefruit spoon or knife works well for this and reserve the orange pulp. Put a blueberry in the bottom of each orange and use a toothpick to secure it. Make 8 short cuts along the edge of each orange to make tabs. Then fold back every other tab to make eyelashes. Put a blueberry in each lychee to create the pupil of an eye. Then attach the lychees to the oranges by pushing them on the toothpicks to secure. Try not to poke all the way through. Place the oranges in the cups of a muffin tin. Carefully fill the oranges about 12 inch from the top with the pineapple juice. Freeze until solid, 4 hours or overnight, removing the toothpicks about halfway through freezing.nFor the punch: Puree the strawberries in a blender with the vodka and triple sec. Pour into a punch bowl. Add the pineapple juice and stir well. Top with the ginger ale. Add the eyeball ice cubes.nFor the black rim: Put the sanding sugar on a shallow plate. Put the reserved orange juice in a shallow bowl. Dip the rim of a punch glass into the juice and then coat with sanding sugar before filling with punch.nCooks Note: For the ice cubes, you may need to put 2 blueberries in each lychee depending on how deep the lychee hole is., ingredients: [4 oranges, 4 whole lychees, 8 blueberries, 2 cups pineapple juice, One 16ounce bag frozen strawberries, 2 cups vodka, 1 cup triple sec liqueur, 3 cups pineapple juice, 2 cups ginger ale, 12 cup black sanding sugar], title: Zombie Punch, picturelink: PiVCAITyHgeS1MTCEQwDHGY1Mb2ezC6}, 19552: {instructions: Place the donuts cutside up on a baking sheet. Turn the oven to 350 degrees F and while its preheating, place the baking sheet with the donuts inside to toast, flipping once after about 10 minutes. Continue to cook until lightly toasted on both sides, another 5 minutes. Remove the baking sheet and continue to preheat the oven.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the cranberries and 1 cup of the orange juice. Bring to a simmer and cook until the cranberries are plump, 10 to 15 minutes the orange juice will reduce thats just fine. Set aside.nCube 7 tablespoons of the butter. In a large bowl, add the pecans, flour, salt, lemon zest, 2 tablespoons of the brown sugar and the cubed butter. Using a pastry cutter or your fingertips, mix everything together until crumbly. Refrigerate until ready to bake.nIn a separate large bowl, whisk together the granulated sugar and egg yolks until well incorporated, less gritty and slightly lighter yellow in color. Add the pumpkin pie spice, vanilla extract and remaining 13 cup brown sugar and whisk until everything is well blended. Slowly add the heavy cream while continuing to whisk, then whisk in the lemon juice and remaining 1 cup orange juice. Slowly add the simmered cranberries and orange juice.nButter the bottom and sides of an 8by8inch casserole dish with the remaining tablespoon of butter. Break the donuts into large chunks and add to the casserole dish. Pour half of the custard mixture over top, making sure to nestle the cranberries in the nooks and crannies. Press everything down into the custard and allow it to soak for 10 minutes. Pour the remaining custard over top. Remove the topping from the refrigerator and sprinkle evenly over the top.nBake until golden brown and bubbly around the edges, 35 to 40 minutes. Let sit 15 minutes before serving warm with a scoop of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [8 apple cider, pumpkin spice or plain cake donuts, sliced in half horizontally, 23 cup dried cranberries, 2 cups orange juice, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Zest of 1 lemon plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Sunnys Apple Cider Donut Pudding, picturelink: OP9XYNbRP9xbJM.By8uhGTWy7fY46a}, 19553: {instructions: Mix the tomatoes, onions and basil leaves in a bowl. Season with vinegar, salt and pepper. Set aside to marinate for 5 minutes.nCut the baguette in half lengthwise and pull out about twothirds of the middle, leaving a crusty bread shell. Rub the insides with the garlic halves and drizzle generously with olive oil.nFill the cavity with the tomato mixture. Spoon any remaining juice over the top of the baguette and the rest over the tomato mixture. Make a layer of olives. Lay the sliced egg over top, season with salt and pepper, and put the top of the bread back on, pressing down well. Wrap in parchment until serving. The longer it sits, the more the flavors will soak into the bread., ingredients: [2 very ripe tomatoes, sliced, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, Fresh basil leaves, Red wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 baguette, 2 cloves garlic, halved, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Handful black olives, pitted and sliced, 2 hardcooked eggs, peeled and sliced], title: Pan Bagnat, picturelink: null}, 19554: {instructions: Place the cream cheese and confectioners sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on high speed for 2 minutes. Scrape down the beater and bowl with a rubber spatula and change the beater for the whisk attachment. With the mixer on low speed, add the heavy cream, vanilla, lemon zest, and vanilla bean seeds and beat on high speed until the mixture is very thick, like whipped cream.nLine a 7inch sieve with cheesecloth or paper towels so the ends drape over the sides and suspend it over a bowl, making sure that there is space between the bottom of the sieve and the bottom of the bowl for the liquid to drain. Pour the cream mixture into the cheesecloth, fold the ends over the top, and refrigerate overnight.nTo serve, discard the liquid, unmold the cream onto a plate, and drizzle Raspberry and Grand Marnier Sauce around the base. Serve with raspberries and extra sauce.nPlace raspberries, sugar, and 14 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 4 minutes. Pour the cooked raspberries, the jam, and orange liqueur into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until smooth. Chill., ingredients: [12 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 12 cups cold heavy cream, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Seeds scraped from 1 vanilla bean, Raspberry and Grand Marnier Sauce, recipe follows, 2 halfpints fresh raspberries, 1 halfpint fresh raspberries, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup seedless raspberry jam, 2 tablespoons orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier], title: Coeur a la Creme with Raspberry and Grand Marnier Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19555: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a smoker box and metal or wooden skewersnHeat a grill to mediumlow heat. Use a 2stage fire or indirect heat setup on your gas grill. Add the soaked applewood chips to a smoker box and place the box directly onto the heating element or coals. Once plumes of smoke appear, place the sausage links over the indirectly heated side of the grill and smoke for about 1 hour, flipping halfway through. The internal temperature of the sausages when tested with a meat thermometer should read 160 degrees F at this point. Move the sausages to the hot side of the grill and give them a char on the outside for 3 to 5 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, skewer the onion quarters on metal or wooden skewers. Place the bell peppers and onions on the hot side of the grill and cook until charred on all sides, 20 to 30 minutes. Set aside until cool enough to handle.nRemove the majority of the skin and all of the seeds and stems of the peppers and give them a rough chop along with the charred onions. Place both into a food processor along with the olive oil and garlic and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nTop a roll with a hot sausage followed by a nice smear of the smoked pepper spread, a sprinkle of ricotta salata and a couple of slices of pepperoncini. Serve immediately., ingredients: [About 2 cups applewood chips for smoking, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes, 8 links sweet Italian sausage, 1 yellow onion, peeled and quartered, 4 red bell peppers, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 fresh sausage or hoagie rolls, 1 cup grated ricotta salata cheese, 4 pepperoncini, sliced], title: Smoked Italian Sausage Hoagie, picturelink: Xl.E9stoPOGATcyHp8yL6bqHqfyRSRq}, 19556: {instructions: Cilantro, sweet red onion, chicken and citrus dressing are great with our Spring Mix.nMake the Salad:nPlace salad greens, cilantro, yellow pepper,  onion into a large salad bowl.nDrizzle desired amount of dressing over salad  toss.nServe onto 4 individual dishes.nArrange chicken strips on top of each salad  serve., ingredients: [Salad Ingredients:, 1 pkg Fresh Expressu00ae Spring Mix, 8 Tbsp cilantro, chopped, 2 Tbsp yellow bell pepper, chopped, 14 sweet red onion, thinly sliced, 1 6oz pkg Southwesternstyle chicken, Dressing Ingredients:, 2 Tbsp orange juice, 2 Tbsp white wine vinegar, 14 tsp garlic, minced OR, 12 clove garlic, crushed, 14 tsp ground cumin, 4 Tbsp canola oil, Make the Dressing:, In a small bowl, whisk dressing ingredients until smooth., Let sit for 15 or 20 minutes to blend flavors., Whisk just before drizzling onto salad or store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.], title: Southwest Citrus Chicken, picturelink: null}, 19557: {instructions: Cut the red snapper into small pieces and place in a bowl. Season with the salt, black pepper, scallion, and curry powder.nAllow the fish to marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.nWhen you are ready to proceed, heat the butter and oil in a large saute pan. Add the fish and saute until it is lightly browned on both sides. Add the peppers, garlic, coconut milk, water, tomatoes, and onions. Cover the fish and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, cover the pan, and simmer until the fish is tender, about 20 to 25 minutes, adding more water if necessary. Also, add a touch more curry, if necessary, for your taste. Finish with fresh cilantro leaves.nServe this splendid dish with white rice and fried plantains., ingredients: [2 pounds red snapper fillets, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 2 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup olive oil, 1 to 2 Scotch bonnet peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 2 cups coconut milk, 1 cup water, 2 tomatoes, roughly chopped, 2 onions, sliced 14inch thick, 10 cilantro sprigs], title: Curried Red Snapper, picturelink: null}, 19558: {}, 19559: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine all ingredients. Serve immediately over ice, or let sit for several hours for flavors to meld before serving over ice., ingredients: [1 bottle dry white wine, 12 cup herb simple syrup, recipe follows, 12 cup orange liqueur, 12 lime, thinly sliced, 12 lemon, thinly sliced, 1 cup honeydew melon balls, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 4 sprigs each fresh mint and tarragon, In a small saucepan, bring water and sugar to the boil over high heat. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Add herbs and let steep until mixture is cool.], title: Teds Minted White Sangria Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 19560: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a mediumsize saute pan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook for 5 minutes. Turn the heat down to medium and add the garlic. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Dont let the onions and garlic brown. Next, add the chopped sage and salt and pepper to taste, and cook until the onions are translucent, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the apricots and cook until heated through, 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and let cool for 10 minutes. Thoroughly mix in the goat cheese and set aside. This can be made up to 24 hours in advance and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before stuffing the chicken breasts.nPlace each chicken breast between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. With a kitchen mallet, a cleaver, or a heavy tin can, such as a can of tomatoes, pound the breasts until they are between 18 and 14inch thick. They will not roll easily if they are too thick. Season with salt and pepper.nSpread about 14 cup of the stuffing down the center of each chicken breast. Fold up the short ends of the chicken breast, and then roll one long side jellyrollfashion to the other side. Tie the ends with string to secure them. Place the egg in a shallow bowl and the panko crumbs in another shallow bowl. Dip the chicken in the egg, and then roll in the panko crumbs until completely coated. In an ovenproof saute pan, melt 4 tablespoons of the butter over mediumhigh heat. Place the chicken in the pan and brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Then put the pan in the oven and bake until the chicken is a deep golden color and firm when pressed, 10 to 12 minutes.nAfter the chicken breasts come out of the oven, remove the strings and put them on a warmed platter tent with foil. Next, place the pan over high heat and deglaze it with the wine. Boil until reduced to about 1 tablespoon, 1 to 2 minutes, and then add the chicken stock. Boil until reduced by half, 3 to 5 minutes, and add salt and pepper to taste. Remove from the heat and swirl in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter.nCut each breast in half crosswise and place one half on its side on the plate. Lean the second half against the first, facing down. Alternatively, slice breast into even slices. Drizzle with the sauce, garnish with sage leaves, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped yellow onion about 12 large onion, 2 small cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup dried apricots about 2 ounces, plumped in hot water, drained, and cut into 14inh pieces, 12 cup fresh goat cheese 2 to 3 ounces, or use fromage blanc or softened cream cheese, 2 whole boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 2 pounds total, each cut in half lengthwise, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 cup Japanese panko crumbs or use toasted coarse bread crumbs, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons white wine, 12 cup unsalted chicken stock, Whole fresh sage leaves, for garnish], title: Goat Cheese, Apricot, and SageStuffed Chicken Breasts, picturelink: null}, 19561: {instructions: Saute green onion, garlic, mushrooms and ginger with the olive oil in a large saucepan over moderate heat until just beginning to color. Stir in curry paste and continue to cook and stir for 2 minutes more. Add stock, wine and 1 12 cups of the coconut milk and reduce over high heat by half approximately 5 to 7 minutes minutes. Add cream and reduce to a light sauce consistency. Strain carefully pressing down on the solids and return to the saucepan. Stir in lime zest, juice, remaining 2 tablespoons of coconut milk and season to taste with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nNote: Shellfish stock can be easily made by simmering raw shrimp shells which hopefully youve saved in the freezer after youve peeled raw shrimp with chicken stock and a splash or white wine for 5 to10 minutes. Alternately you can add a bit of shrimp paste available in jars in Asian markets or dried shrimp available in Hispanic or Asian markets to flavor the basic chicken stock. Dont ever use bottled clam juice, ingredients: [13 cup chopped green onion, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 cup chopped mushrooms crimini or shiitake preferred, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons Thai curry paste, 2 cups rich shellfish stock see note below, 34 cup dry white wine, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons coconut milk Mae Ploy brand preferred, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice or to taste, Salt and freshly ground white pepper], title: Thai Curry Cream, picturelink: null}, 19562: {instructions: For the Pistachio Pesto: Combine the parsley, pistachios, thyme, and garlic cloves in the bowl of a food processor blend until finely chopped. With the machine running, gradually add the olive oil, processing until well blended. Season the pesto with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the Fennel Slaw: Place the fennel in a large serving bowl. Add the pesto and toss to coat well. Tear the prosciutto into 1inch pieces and add to the bowl. Gently toss to combine. Serve., ingredients: [Pistachio Pesto:, 2 cups lightly packed flatleaf parsley, 34 cup shelled and toasted pistachios, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 3 garlic cloves, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fennel Slaw:, 4 to 5 about 3 12 pounds fennel bulbs, thinly sliced, 4 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced], title: Fennel Slaw with Prosciutto and Pistachio Pesto, picturelink: avMhaaBrOWNZXT0h8uRNFnpdeJHahu}, 19563: {instructions: For the Halibut: Season the halibut pieces with salt and white pepper. Put the potato flour or cornstarch, beaten egg, and breadcrumbs in three separate bowls. Dip the halibut pieces into the potato flour or cornstarch, then the egg, and coat in the breadcrumbs. Place a wok over high heat and add all but 1 tbsp of the peanut oil. Heat the oil to 350degreesF, or until a piece of bread dropped in turns golden brown in 15 seconds and floats to the surface. Fry the breaded halibut pieces in the oil for 34 minutes or until golden brown, then remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.nFor the Sauce: Meanwhile, make the sauce. Heat a small wok or saucepan over medium heat and add the remaining 1 tbsp of peanut oil. Add the ginger and fry for a few seconds, then add the remaining ingredients and bring to a boil. Cook for 1 minute or until the sauce has thickened, then remove from the heat. When the fish is cooked, season with dried chili flakes if using, garnish with lemon wedges, if you like, and serve with the lemon dipping sauce., ingredients: [7 oz halibut fillet, cut into12inch strips, Sea salt and ground white pepper, 3 12 oz potato flour or cornstarch, 1 egg, beaten, 5 oz panko breadcrumbs, 212 cups peanut oil, Dried chili flakes optional, Lemon wedges, to garnish optional, 1 tbsp of peeled and gratedfresh ginger, 1 tbsp of light soy sauce, 1 tbsp of honey, 1 tbsp of Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 7 tbsps of cold vegetable stock, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 tbsp of cornstarch], title: JapaneseStyle Crispy Halibut with Lemon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19564: {instructions: Preheat grill. Mix tomatoes, onions, peppers, cilantro, jalapeno, and 14 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Allow to sit for 12 hour. Pour off juice and add honey and vinegar. Refrigerate 12 hour.nRub mushrooms with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill on both sides until done. Season burgers and grill on both sides until medium rare.nLayer with portobello on the bottom, salsa, then meat and topped with additional salsa., ingredients: [4 large green tomatoes, seeded, cored and diced, 1 yellow pepper, seeded and diced, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar, 6 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed, 12 teaspoon peanut oil, 6 8ounce buffalo burgers], title: Frontier Buffalo Burger with Green Tomato Salsa on Roasted Portobello, picturelink: null}, 19565: {instructions: Special equipment: You will need: One 3 12 by 6inch by 1 12inch cornucopia mold 6ounce size, 5 to 6 bulldog clips, and acorn andor leaf moldsnTo make tempered chocolate, chop the chocolate into pieces and place 34 of it in a small glass bowl in a microwave for 20 seconds exactly. Stir the chocolate and continue to microwave for 20 seconds at a time, stirring in between, until the chocolate is smooth and shiny. Add the remaining 14 of the chocolate and stir until smooth. The chocolate should register 87 to 89 degrees F on a candy thermometer.nSecure the mold halves together with the bulldog clips.nPlace the tempered chocolate in a measuring cup and pour half of it into the mold. Swirl the chocolate around to make sure all areas are covered and no air bubbles are visible. Pour any excess chocolate back into the measuring cup. Place the mold in the refrigerator, right side up, standing on the bull dog clips as feet, and allow to harden for one minute.nRepeat and process, and pour the rest of the tempered chocolate back in the mold and swirl it around to coat into an even layer, pouring any excess chocolate back into the measuring cup. Place the mold back in the refrigerator, right side up, until it hardens and looks opaque, about 10 minutes. Do not leave the mold in the refrigerator longer than 10 minutes or the chocolate will crack.nMeanwhile, fill 3 acorn andor leaf molds with the extra chocolate, smoothing the top with a palette knife. Refrigerate for about 10 minutes to harden.nUnmold the cornucopia. Using the remaining chocolate which by now will be thickened glue the acorn andor leaf molds to the edge of the cornucopia and allow to set for a few minutes. Fill the cornucopia with truffles, chocolate dipped cashews or chocolate dipped fruits., ingredients: [175 grams 6 ounces dark chocolate, 6 to 7 Rum Raisin Truffles see recipe, 5 pieces chocolate dipped fruit, recipe follows, 10 pieces chocolate dipped cashews], title: Chocolate Cornucopia, picturelink: null}, 19566: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nToss the pumpkin seeds in a bowl with the olive oil and lime juice until well coated. In a separate small bowl, stir together the lime zest, parsley, thyme, chipotle powder and salt. Sprinkle the mixture over the pumpkin seeds and toss to coat evenly. Spread the seeds in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet.nBake, stirring the seeds halfway through and rotating the baking sheet, until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups raw pumpkin seeds, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon lime zest plus 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon chipotle powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Chipotle Lime Pumpkin Seeds, picturelink: omKUqlHK7Cddvt2ZiMxkPtIEfaMCAxO}, 19567: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, melt butter. Add onions and saute until tender. Add vermouth to deglaze pan, and reduce a little. Strain clams and reserve juice. Add clam juice and reduce a little, and then add cream and reduce by half. Add salt, pepper, and sugar to taste. Add potato soup and bring to a simmer. Add clams and cook just until clams are warm. Taste for seasoning, and add truffle oil, if using. For garnish, add brioche croutons or serve in sourdough bowl. Top with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 12 onion, minced, 3 tablespoons dry vermouth, 1 can or jar clams in juice, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and white pepper, Sugar, 1 can potato soup, 12 teaspoon truffle oil, optional, Brioche croutons, optional, Sourdough bread bowls, optional, for serving, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 19568: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the piecrust, blend together the flour and salt. Stir egg with fork in a measuring cup. Add water to fill measuring cup to 1 cup. Then slowly incorporate the egg mixture into the flour mixture with a fork, just until a dough is formed. Make 6 balls of crust. Use immediately or store in baggies up to 1 week or freeze.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nToss peaches and nectarines with lemon juice. Mix in the dry ingredients. Put mixture in pastry shell, dot with butter. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [5 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 2 cups shortening, 1 premade 10inch pie crust, 5 medium size peaches, 5 medium size nectarines, 12 tablespoon lemon juice, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 14 ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Butter], title: Peach and Nectarine Pie, picturelink: 12RH7gutDZLf4yKezFLbt35klRLSSKu}, 19569: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the red onion cook, stirring, until golden, 5 minutes. Add the farro, 2 12 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium simmer until the farro is just tender, 25 minutes. Stir in the Brussels sprouts and cook until tender, 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nMix the lime and orange juices with the honey. Season the pork with the cumin, paprika, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and oranges cook, turning the pork, until browned, 5 minutes. Flip the orange wedges add the juice mixture.nTransfer the skillet to the oven bake until a thermometer inserted into the pork registers 145 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes, then slice and drizzle with the pan juices. Serve with the oranges and farro top with pomegranate seeds.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 cup farro, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 ounces Brussels sprouts, trimmed and thinly sliced, Juice of 1 lime, 2 oranges, halved 1 12 juiced, 12 cut into 4 wedges, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 1pound pork tenderloin, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons paprika, Pomegranate seeds, for topping optional], title: CitrusGlazed Pork with Farro, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 19570: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in large ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots, red pepper, oregano, thyme, red pepper flakes and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the shallots and peppers are soft, 7 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and cool dont wash the skillet.nBeat the eggs, heavy cream, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Stir in the shallot mixture. Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil in the nonstick skillet over medium heat. Pour in the egg mixture and spread the vegetables evenly throughout the pan. As the eggs set, lift the edges to allow the liquid egg mixture to run underneath. Cook until the eggs are mostly set but the center is still a little runny, 10 to 15 minutes.nSprinkle the Parmesan and goat cheese over the top and broil until the top is golden brown, about 2 minutes. Carefully remove the skillet from broiler and loosen the edges of frittata. Cool for 10 minutes in the skillet, then serve slices from the pan or slide onto a serving platter, slice and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 small red bell pepper, chopped, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus a pinch, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus a pinch, 10 large eggs, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 4 ounces soft goat cheese, crumbled, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Goat Cheese and Red Pepper Frittata, picturelink: C03gYk4ZJYAgg7ibzYWWjkxkqbiNV2}, 19571: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the sugar, 1 tablespoon of the oil, the salt and pepper in a small bowl set aside.nCombine the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and the popcorn kernels in a large pot set over mediumhigh heat. Cover and shake the pan occasionally until the popping stops, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the popcorn to a bowl.nAdd the sugar mixture to the hot pot, reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring, until the mixture become nearly liquid, about 1 minute. Remove the pot from the heat, stir the popcorn back in, and toss until the popcorn is evenly coated, about 2 minutes, then serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 13 cup popcorn kernels], title: Game Day Hot Sweet Popcorn, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 19572: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp and browned, about 6 minutes. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and add the onion, garlic, tomato, and season with salt. Cook until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the kale and broth, cover, cook until wilted, about 8 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and season with salt.n2. Meanwhile mix the Cajun spice with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil to make a paste. Rub the pork with the spice paste. Heat an ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and sear the pork, turning until all sides are golden brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the meat registers 145 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Set aside for 5 minutes to rest on a cutting board before slicing.n3. Thinly slice the pork, divide evenly among four plates. Serve the pork with the greens and their liquid along with storebought rolls or biscuits., ingredients: [3 slices bacon, thinly sliced crosswise, 1 small red onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 large tomato, diced about 2 cups, Kosher salt, 8 cups roughly chopped kale leaves about 1 pound, ribs removed, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Cajun spice blend, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 14ounce pork tenderloins, each halved crosswise, Storebought dinner rolls or biscuits, for serving], title: Cajun Pork Tenderloin with Braised Greens, picturelink: null}, 19573: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker filled with ice, add berry vodka, orange liqueur, and a splash of lime juice. Shake. Strain into martini glass. Garnish with fresh blueberries., ingredients: [Ice, 2 shots berryflavored vodka, 1 shot orange liqueur, 1 splash lime juice, Fresh blueberries], title: Ball and Chain Martini, picturelink: null}, 19574: {instructions: Prepare batter: Combine dry ingredients in a bowl, add the water and mix until texture is smooth and creamy. Set aside.nPrepare Potato Rounds: Roast mustard seeds in dry pan until they become grayish, aromatic and begin to pop. This will happen quickly. Lower heat, add whole cumin seeds and roast until brown, being careful not to burn, about 2 minutes. Add clarified butter and crushed neem leaves, and brown lightly. Add onions, and brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add garlic, and turmeric, remove from heat and add cilantro, serranos, salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, cook potatoes in salted water until soft. Drain and cool. Grate potatoes and mix gently with onions and spices. Adjust seasoning.nTo form bhujias, press tightly into half dollar rounds.nHeat oil in a large saucepan to deepfry temperature 350 degree F. Dip formed potato rounds into batter and drop into hot oil. Fry until golden brown on all sides, about 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Serve immediately with Mint and Cilantro Chutney, Yogurt Sauce, or plain yogurt for dipping. Bhujias can be made early in the day and reheated., ingredients: [1 cup Besan flour chickpea flour, 1 teaspoon cumin, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons mustards seeds, 1 tablespoon whole cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons clarified butter ghee, 2 tablespoons crushed, dried neem leaves, 1 onion, peeled and diced, 2 teaspoons garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, washed and chopped roughly, 1 serrano chile, seeded, stemmed and extra finely diced, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds peeled potatoes, 6 cups vegetable oil for frying, Serving suggestion: Mint and Cilantro Chutney, Yogurt Sauce, or plain yogurt for dipping], title: Bhujia Potato Fritters, picturelink: null}, 19575: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Rinse the whole fish and pat it dry. In a heavy casserole large enough to hold the fish and all the salt, make a 2 inch layer of salt. Make a shallow, fish shaped impression in the salt and lay the fish on top. Distribute the remaining salt around and over the fish so that it is completely covered. Pat the salt down gently, cover the casserole and bake for about 1 hour. Remove the cover and tap the salt to break it it will have formed an armorlike crust. Break the crust and pull off most of the salt. Then peel away and discard the skin. Serve the flesh immediately, accompanied by the Romesco sauce.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl, soak the bread cubes in the vinegar for 20 minutes. Toast the almonds for 10 to 15 minutes, watching closely. Cool the almonds completely, then grind them in a mortar and pestle or food processor until they are finely ground but not oily. Add the vinegar soaked bread, tomatoes, paprika, salt and pepper to the processor and grind together briefly until evenly pureed. With the motor running, add the olive oil in a thin stream., ingredients: [4 to 5 pound whole sea bream or bass, porgy, New Zealand snapper, or sheepshead gutted but not scaled, 6 pounds coarse or Kosher salt, 1 recipe Romesco Sauce, recipe follows, 2 large, thick slices country bread, crusts removed, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup whole almonds, 1 pound ripe tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup fruity Spanish olive oil], title: Fish Baked in Salt with Romesco Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19576: {instructions: Toast nuts in a small skillet over moderate heat in a small pan until aroma develops and nuts crisp a bit, 5 to 6 minutes. Set aside to cool.nCombine walnuts, celery, onion, grapes and apples in a medium bowl. Whisk lemon juice, honey, vinegar, cardamom, dill and mustead, then whisk in extravirgin olive oil in a slow stream. When oil becomes incorporated stream in cream, then season the dressing with salt and pepper, to taste.nDress salad and adjust salt and pepper, to taste. Use 2 large lettuce leaves per serving to form a bed for the salad., ingredients: [1 cup whole walnut halves, 1 heart celery with greens, wiped clean and chopped, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup red seedless grapes, split, 2 Gala apples, seeded and chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons honey, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons fresh dill, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 2 to 3 tablespoons cream, eyeball it, Salt and pepper, 1 head Bibb lettuce or butter lettuce], title: Wheres Waldorf Salad with My Friend Izzys Epic Dressing, picturelink: tZMkUjqePjlPYI3HAk8ptnxof4LlMjC}, 19577: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: animalshaped cookie cuttersnFor the dough: Add the granulated sugar and butter to the bowl of an electric mixer and beat until smooth. Add the vanilla and egg and beat again, scraping the sides of the bowl halfway through. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Alternate adding the dry ingredients and the milk to the mixer until the dough comes together. Flatten the dough into a disc and put it in a plastic bag. Refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or baking mats.nRoll out the dough to 14 inch thick and cut out as many cookies as you can in a variety of animal shapes. Place the cookies on the prepared baking sheets and bake until theyre just barely done, 8 to 10 minutes you want them to be set, but not brown. Let the cookies cool completely before decorating.nFor the frosting: Sift the powdered sugar into a bowl, add the food coloring and 14 cup cold water and stir to combinenTransfer the cookies to a cooling rack set over a baking sheet and drizzle the frosting over them. Let the frosting dry before serving the cookies, about 2 hours., ingredients: [34 cup granulated sugar, 10 tablespoons salted butter, softened, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon whole milk, 2 cups powdered sugar, 5 drops red food coloring, ], title: Animal Crackers, picturelink: G93jG3LAtTio3ZhrlfGaEJMN6RFe61C}, 19578: {instructions: Grill pineapple and red onion until soft, about 2 minutes each side. Add scallions to the grill for 1 to 2 minutes.nIn a large bowl toss pineapple, onions, scallions, salt, and pepper. Plate and sprinkle with lime juice. Garnish with cilantro leaves., ingredients: [12 fresh pineapple cored, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 1 large red onion, sliced 14inch thick, 5 scallions, trimmed, Salt and pepper, 1 lime, juiced, Cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Grilled Pineapple and Onion Salsa, picturelink: null}, 19579: {instructions: Preheat oil to 375 degrees F.nStir salt and seasonings together. Mix until well blended. Use 12 to 23 cup for a 10 to 12 pound turkey. May be stored for several months in an airtight covered jar.nRemove the giblets and neck from the turkey. Rinse the turkey well with cold water and pat dry thoroughly with paper towels. Take care to dry both inside cavities. Place in a large pan and rub the interior and exterior of the bird with the seasoning mix. To allow for good oil circulation through the cavity, do not truss or tie legs together. Cut off the wing tips and plump little tail as they may get caught in the fryer basket. Cover pan and place in refrigerator overnight.nPlace the outdoor gas burner on a level dirt or grassy area. Never fry a turkey indoors, in a garage, or in any structure attached to a building. Do not fry on wood decks, which could catch fire, or concrete, which could be stained by the oil. Safety tip: have a fire extinguisher nearby for added safety. Add oil to a 7 to 10 gallon pot with a basket or a rack. At mediumhigh setting, heat the oil to 375 degrees F.depending on the amount of oil, outside temperature and wind conditions, this should take about 20 to 40 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the turkey in a basket or on a rack, neck down. When the deepfry thermometer reaches 375 degrees F. slowly lower the turkey into the hot oil. The level of the oil will rise due to the frothing caused by the moisture from the turkey but will stabilize in about 1 minute. Safety tip: to prevent burns from the splattering oil wear oven mittsgloves, long sleeves, heavy shoes, and even glasses. It is wise to have 2 people lowering and raising the turkey. Immediately check the oil temperature and increase the flame so the oil temperature is maintained at 350 degrees F. If the temperature drops to 340 degrees F. or below, oil will begin to seep into turkey. Fry about 3 to 4 minutes per pound, or about 35 to 42 minutes for a 10 to 12 pound turkey. Stay with the cooker at all times, as the heat must be regulated. When cooked to 170 degrees F. in the breast or 180 degrees F. in the thigh, carefully remove the turkey for the hot oil. Allow the turkey to drain for a few minutes. Safety tip: allow the oil to cool completely before storing or disposing. Remove turkey from the rack and place on a serving platter. Allow to rest for 20 minutes before carving., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 3 tablespoons onion powder, 3 tablespoons black pepper, 3 tablespoons white pepper, 2 tablespoons sweet basil, 2 teaspoons ground bay leaves, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons file powder, 3 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 12 tablespoons paprika, 1 10 to 12 pound whole turkey, 4 to 5 gallons peanut oil see note], title: Deep Fried Cajun Turkey, picturelink: null}, 19580: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse the olives, mint, handful of chives, half of the grapefruit zest, all of the grapefruit juice, cumin, cinnamon, and olive oil. Dont over process, it should be a little chunky, but still finely chopped.nPour the Champagne into a small saute pan with coriander seeds. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and reduce until it just turns syrupy. Strain the mixture and set aside to cool.nIn a small bowl, stir together the cooled Champagne syrup, remaining grapefruit zest, honey, sumac, and creme fraiche. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste.nHeat a grill pan or large nonstick skillet and warm the naan bread on both sides. Cut the bread in half from top to bottom, then crosswise into 1inch wide pieces. Smear each one with some tapenade, then top with a small piece of salmon, a piece of grapefruit and dollop of creme fraiche. Balance a short length of chive on top if you want to be extra fancy, ingredients: [1 jar pitted California green olives about 15 ounces, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 small bunch fresh chives, Zest of 1 grapefruit, divided in half, 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice, 12 teaspoon cumin powder, Pinch ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup Champagne or sparkling wine, 12 coriander seeds, crushed, 12 teaspoon honey, 18 teaspoon ground sumac, 12 cup creme fraiche, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 package prepared naan bread, 2 slices, 1 package smoked salmon, about 6 slices torn into smaller slices, 4 grapefruit segments, sliced thin, Fresh chives, for garnish, optional], title: Smoked Salmon Canape with Green Olive Grapefruit Tapenade, picturelink: vWISENdaf4eKobI2CHRWfXynHUGMm5K}, 19581: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: an ice cream makernFor the custard base and vanilla ice cream layer: In a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, combine the halfandhalf and sugar. Stir it around to combine.nUsing a small paring knife, split the vanilla bean down the middle. Scrape out the caviar inside and add it to the pan along with the bean. Stir the mixture around and heat it up until its hot but not boiling.nAdd the egg yolks to a medium bowl and whisk them vigorously until the yolks are slightly lighter in color, about 2 minutes.nRemove the vanilla bean from the saucepan. Grab a ladle of the hot halfandhalf mixture and drizzle it very slowly into the yolks, whisking constantly. This will temper the egg yolks so that they dont scramble when theyre added to the saucepan. Add another ladle of the hot liquid, and when its mixed in, pour the egg mixture slowly into the halfandhalf mixture, stirring with a spoon until the mixture is thick and coating the spoon, 2 minutes or so.nSet a finemesh strainer over a clean glass bowl and strain the custard. Dont worry if it looks a little lumpy That just means youre perfectly imperfect. Add the heavy cream to the bowl and stir to combine. Divide the mixture into three pitchers set aside one pitcher to work with for the chocolate ice cream layer, and chill the other two.nFor the chocolate ice cream layer: Melt the dark chocolate chips with the heavy cream over a double boiler. When the chocolate and cream mixture is smooth and melted, add 1 cup of the reserved custard and combine. Return this mixture back to the pitcher. This step is to ease the mixing process to make it easier to pour back into the custard and could therefore be omitted. Whisk the cocoa into the pitcher. Pour into an ice cream maker and churn as per the manufacturers instructions. This will take approximately 1 hour.nLine two 6cup loaf pans with plastic wrap. Scoop half of the chocolate ice cream into each. Smooth them over and place in the freezer for at least 1 hour.nTo make the vanilla icecream layer, add the second pitcher of custard to the ice cream maker and churn according to the instructions. Again, approximately 1 hour.nRemove the loaf pans from the freezer and spread half of the vanilla ice cream in each. Smooth and return to the freezer for at least 1 hour.nFor the strawberry ice cream layer: Combine the strawberries, sugar and red food coloring in a blender and puree until smooth or you can stop just short of smooth if you want a little texture. Pour the pureed strawberries into the final third of the chilled custard mixtures and stir. Pour into the ice cream maker and churn.nRemove the two pans from the freezer and scoop half of the strawberry ice cream into each, making the final layer. Smooth and return to the freezer for at least an hour.nTo serve: Remove the loaf pans from the freezer, turn them upside down onto a serving plate and remove the plastic wrap. Slice neatly with a knife that has been dipped in very hot water., ingredients: [6 cups halfandhalf, 4 cups sugar, 1 vanilla bean, 18 large egg yolks, 6 cups heavy cream, 6 ounces dark chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 14 cup cocoa powder, 1 pound strawberries, hulled, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 to 2 drops red food coloring], title: Neapolitan Ice Cream, picturelink: DZTozs.o9hjDNYI3Pbanz8BZ10sGq.2}, 19582: {instructions: Heat skillet or griddle over mediumhigh heat or to 375degreesF. Grease with vegetable oil or shortening.nIn medium bowl, stir pancake mix and water with fork or wire whisk until smooth batter will be thin. Stir in 12 cup cereal.nFor each pancake, pour slightly less than 14 cup batter into hot greased skillet. Cook until bubbles break on surface and edges just begin to dry. Turn cook about 1 minute or until bottoms are golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups Fiber One Complete pancake mix from 28.3oz box, 1 13 cups cold water, 2 cups granola cereal, 2 containers 6 oz each Yoplait Light Fat Free strawberry yogurt, Additional granola cereal, if desired], title: YogurtTopped Granola Pancakes, picturelink: n8p6E8C1IMx8cBzoxgyWfDQj3oAyb2}, 19583: {instructions: Heat broiler. Mix chili powder, garlic salt, red pepper, cumin in bowl. Toss potatoes, 3 tablespoons oil, scallions, 2 teaspoons spice mixture in a bowl. Place on baking sheet.nBrush both sides of meat with remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Rub remaining spice mixture over steak.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCook potatoes on baking sheet on lowest rack in oven 12 minutes, turning halfway through. At same time, broil meat 4 inches from heat 4 to 5 minutes. Turn meat over. Broil 6 minutes internal temperature 145 degrees F for mediumrare. Remove the meat from oven let stand 5 minutes.nWhile meat is resting, place potatoes under broiler for 3 to 4 minutes or until browned and crispy.nThinly slice meat on angle. Serve with seasoned fries., ingredients: [2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 14 teaspoon ground red pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 pound frozen shoestring potatoes, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 scallions, trimmed, thinly sliced, 1 12 pound piece boneless sirloin steak about 1 14inches thick], title: ChiliRubbed Sirloin Steak with Seasoned Shoestring Fries, picturelink: yI0o8KCHegXCervd.kF6BncQYucteK}, 19584: {instructions: Mix vinegar, water and seasoning together to make your basting sauce.nCook meat over direct heat on the grill, approximately 18inches above fire. Coals should be at 325 to 350 degrees.nStart ribs bone side down, until bone side is golden brown. Baste 2 times with basting sauce then flip slab and cook meat side down until this side reaches a nice golden brown.nThe meat is ready when it is so hot that you cannot touch it with your fingers. That is approximately 30 minutes per side.nBaste again and sprinkle with Rendezvous world famous seasoning and you are ready to serve., ingredients: [4 cups white distilled vinegar, 4 cups water, 13 cup Rendezvous Famous Seasoning, 2 and down pork loinback ribs], title: World Famous Rendezvous Dry Ribs, picturelink: null}, 19585: {instructions: Special equipment: a 4inch round cutter, a 2 12quart freezersafe bowl about 9 inches by 4 inches and a 3 to 4cup freezersafe bowl about 5 inches by 2 inchesnFor the brownies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12by17inch baking sheet with parchment paper and spray with cooking spray.nCombine the granulated sugar, brown sugar, vanilla, salt and eggs in a large bowl and mix until well combined set aside.nMelt the butter and chocolate in a double boiler, then whisk together until fully combined. Pour the chocolate mixture into the sugar mixture and mix until fully combined. Fold in the flour and cocoa.nPour the batter into the prepared baking sheet and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Let cool completely.nFor the bombe: Using a 4inch ring cutter, cut a round from the baking sheet of brownies. Slice the remaining brownies into approximately 3by4inch rectangles. You should have 10 rectangles. Keep 5 rectangles as they are and cut the other 5 in half to make triangles.nLine a 2 12quart about 9 inches across freezersafe bowl with plastic wrap. Place the brownie round in the bottom of the bowl and, alternating between the rectangles and triangles, fill the sides of the bowl. Press the brownie pieces into the bowl so that the interior of the bowl is lined with brownies. Break off any excess that extends above the edge of the bowl. Make sure to press the seams together so there are no cracks. Break the remaining brownie pieces into small crumbles and reserve.nWrap a 5inch freezersafe bowl in plastic wrap from the bottom, combining the loose ends of the plastic wrap at the top.nSpread the softened ice cream inside the large bowl over the brownie layer. You should have about a 2inchthick layer of ice cream. Place the 5inch bowl inside the ice cream layer, pushing it into the ice cream slightly to create a well. Cover the top with plastic wrap and freeze until the ice cream is firm, about 2 hours.nIn a large chilled bowl, combine the heavy cream, granulated sugar and cocoa. Whip the cream with a whisk or electric hand mixer until stiff peaks form.nRemove the bombe from the freezer and remove the small bowl. Pour the hot fudge into the well, then fill with the whipped cream. Combine the reserved brownie crumbles and walnuts and sprinkle over the top of the bombe. Cover with plastic wrap and push down to press the brownie crumbles into the bombe. Freeze until the whipped cream is frozen, about 2 hours.nRemove the bombe from the freezer and place the bowl side into a large bowl of hot water for 1 minute. Remove the plastic wrap. Invert the bombe onto a large platter or plate. Remove the glass bowl and plastic wrap. Garnish with a sprinkle of cocoa powder. Slice and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking sheet, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 large eggs, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cocoa powder, 1 quart chocolate ice cream, softened, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, plus more in a shaker or sifter, for serving, 12 cup hot fudge, warmed slightly, 13 cup chopped walnuts], title: Brownie Bombe, picturelink: S55YtBPFQ7mfW9iRQLkDizlAAooX.2}, 19586: {instructions: Mix first seven ingredients into a large bowl.nBeat eggs. Place oiled omelet pan on low heat. Pour egg mixture into omelet pan. Spoon vegetable  meat mixture onto the eggs and cook until omelet is set. Sprinkle with shredded cheese of your choice, and serve., ingredients: [1 tomato, chopped, 12 onion, diced, 2 bell peppers, diced into 14inch pieces, 6 slices bacon, fried and crumbled, 4 sausage patties, fried and cubed, 1 slice ham, cubed, 10 ounces Picante sauce, 8 eggs, Shredded cheese, for garnish], title: Murrells Western Omelet, picturelink: null}, 19587: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325. Lightly grease a 9 x 9 x 2inch baking pan and line the bottom with a piece of parchment paper that has been cut to hang over two opposite edges by a couple of inches. This overhang will make removing the cake from the pan clean and simple.nCombine the butter, water, molasses, honey and brown sugar in a medium nonreactive saucepan and place over low heat. Stir the mixture frequently until the butter is melted, and all of the ingredients are well blended. Remove from the heat, pour into a large bowl and set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, sift together the flour, baking soda, salt, ginger, cinnamon, allspice and cloves, and set aside. When the molasses mixture feels just warm to the touch, add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the milk and stir to combine. Fold the dry ingredients into the batter in four additions, using big, long strokes. Dont be concerned if you cant get all the lumps outsettle for most of them Stir in the grated ginger.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake in the center of the oven for 1 14 to 1 12 hours, or until the top of the cake springs back when touched and a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean. Allow to cool for 15 minutes, then, using the overhang of parchment, lift the cake out of the pan and cool completely on a wire rack before cutting. Wellwrapped in plastic, this gingerbread actually improves with age. If stored at room temperature, it will have a spongecakey texture and will keep for about 4 days. Refrigerated, it becomes stickier, denser, and wonderfully chewy and will last at least a week. Allow the cake to return to room temperature before serving. This cake is fabulous warm, and the only adornment it needs is mounds of softly whipped cream., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup water, 34 cup unsulphured dark molasses, 34 cup flavorful honey, such as a dark wildflower, berry or chestnut, 1 cup tightly packed brown sugar, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon allspice, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup partly skimmed milk 2 percent, 1 packed tablespoon grated fresh ginger root, Lightly sweetened whipped cream, to serve], title: Black Sticky Gingerbread, picturelink: null}, 19588: {instructions: In medium saucepot, over mediumhigh heat, melt butter. Add remaining ingredients and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, or until heated through., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 teaspoon citrus herb seasoning recommended: Spice Island, 1 cup frozen green beans, thawed, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 2 tablespoons diced pimientos, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Garlicky Green Beans and Peas, picturelink: HjunK5AwVTwAigFUz1yj6ntDjiKfA2i}, 19589: {instructions: Drop sugar cube into champagne glass. Pour champagne over sugar. Serve., ingredients: [1 sugar cube, 4 ounces champagne], title: Classic Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 19590: {instructions: Put the clams in a large pot or Dutch oven with 1 cup water. Cover and cook over mediumhigh heat until the clams start opening, about 5 minutes as the clams open, transfer them to a bowl using tongs. Discard any unopened clams. Add the cooking liquid to the bowl with the clams strain through a paper towellined sieve if sandy. Cover to keep warm.nWipe the pot clean and reduce the heat to medium. Add the olive oil and chorizo. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the chorizo is lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the leek, bell pepper, garlic and bay leaves. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 4 minutes. Add the rice cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and 1 cup water bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium. Cover and simmer, stirring once or twice, until the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Discard the bay leaves.nMeanwhile, puree the parsley with 13 cup water in a blender until smooth. Stir the lima beans, parsley puree, and the clams and their juices into the rice mixture. Cook until the lima beans are tender, 3 to 4 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 pounds littleneck clams about 24, scrubbed, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 fully cooked chorizo sausage, sliced 12 inch thick, 1 leek white and light green parts, halved lengthwise and sliced, 1 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup arborio rice, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup fresh parsley, 1 cup frozen baby lima beans, thawed], title: Spanish Rice with Clams, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 19591: {instructions: Line 312to 4cup bowl or mold with plastic wrap, allowing excess wrap to extend over sides. Set aside.nIn medium bowl gently stir together cream cheese and tomato. Set aside.nIn food processor bowl combine basil, parmesan cheese, parsley, pine nuts and garlic. Cover and process until very finely chopped. With food processor running, slowly add oil through feed tube. Process until mixture is consistency of soft butter.nSpread onethird of cream cheese mixture in prepared bowl. Top with onehalf of basil mixture. Repeat layers. Spread remaining cheese mixture on top. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours.nOn serving plate invert bowl. Remove plastic wrap. Garnish with tomato and fresh basil, if desired. Serve with crackers., ingredients: [2 tubs 8 oz. each whipped cream cheese, 1 medium tomato, seeded and finely chopped about 34 cup, 1 cup firmly packed fresh basil leaves, 34 cup finely shredded parmesan cheese, 12 cup firmly packed fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup pine nuts or slivered almonds, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Keebleru00ae Town House Toppersu00ae Original Crackers,  or , Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Original Crackers], title: Layered Basil Cheese Spread, picturelink: w1oQ1OHHZTvNHW9BDqgKfApv1L0o8a}, 19592: {instructions: Mix all ingredients and brush on both exterior and cavity of fish. Place on a hot grill and cook for 4 to 5 minutes a side or until done. Debone and sprinkle parsley on filets. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 pound whole red snapper, cleaned and scaled, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Juice of one lemon, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped, Lemon wedges for garnish], title: Grilled Whole Red Snapper, picturelink: null}, 19593: {instructions: Heat oil in a large heavy saute pan or iron skillet over high heat until almost smoking hot.nCoat the salmon fillets well on both sides with the blackening spice and place gently in the hot pan. Sear on the first side for about 2 minutes and then flip fish over. Add the black beans to 1 corner of the pan and throw in the fresh spinach and butter right on top of everything and cook it all for about 2 minutes more.nTo serve, take the spinach off the top and place it on the bottom of a plate. Then arrange the salmon and black beans around it. Garnish with a dollop of sour cream, if desired.nMix all the blackening spice ingredients well and store in a sealed container or spice canister. Keep extra as a versatile spice in your kitchen., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 pound fresh salmon fillet, skinless, cut into 2 pieces not too thick or cooking time will increase, Blackening Spice, recipe follows, 1 12ounce can soy black beans, drained available at health food and specialty stores, 4 cups fresh spinach, cleaned, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Sour cream, for garnish, 5 tablespoons kosher salt, 5 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon dry thyme, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: Blackened Salmon with Spinach and Soy Black Beans Fiveminute meal in a pan, picturelink: ncZGezzkKRNaTnNs4mV9ZuzuW2kBey}, 19594: {instructions: Cook the rice as the label directs. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the salsa and cumin and cook, stirring, until the salsa is soft, about 5 minutes. Add the blackeyed peas, plus the liquid from one of the cans and 14 cup water. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the beans are creamy and tender, about 12 minutes.nFluff the rice with a fork and divide among bowls. Add the spinach and cilantro to the blackeyed pea mixture and stir until wilted, about 1 minute spoon evenly over the rice. Top each serving with a few avocado slices, some cheese and more salsa. Serve with sour cream or Greek yogurt, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 cup white rice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup fresh salsa, plus more for topping, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 14ounce cans blackeyed peas 1 undrained 1 drained and rinsed, 3 cups baby spinach, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and sliced, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese, Sour cream or Greek yogurt, for serving optional], title: TexMex Rice and BlackEyed Peas, picturelink: ABI6ihurnyuo7wMgM.XfZrVDasXSHeG}, 19595: {instructions: In small pan place the orange juice, ginger, vanilla and star anise. Reduce until 34 cup remains. Strain and reserve in a bowl. When room temperature, add the lime juice, mustard and Thai fish sauce. Slowly whisk in the olive oils, reserve.nBring a small pot of water to a boil, add salt. Remove the tips off the haricots verts. Cook them until tender and refresh in ice water. Cut into thirds.nBoil a large pot of salted water. Add the lobsters. When they float, remove them from the water about 5 minutes. Remove the tail and claw meat. Dice the claw meat. Slice the tails in half lengthwise. Toast the brioche. Mix the haricots verts, avocado, fennel, pumpkin seeds, claw meat, salt and pepper and enough dressing to coat well.nDivide this salad on the plates. Place the toasted brioche on top. Toss the tails and lola rosa with dressing to coat, season with salt and pepper. Place the tails on the brioche. Top with a small bouquet of lola rosa. Drizzle some dressing around the plate and serve., ingredients: [2 cups orange juice, 1ounce ginger, peeled and sliced, 14 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 2 star anise, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons Thai fish sauce, 12 cup pure olive oil, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 10 haricots verts, 2 1 14 pound lobsters, 4 slices brioche, cut round, 1 avocado, diced, 1 fennel bulb, sliced paper thin, 14 cup pumpkin seeds, toasted, 10 leaves baby lola rosa lettuce, washed, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Lobster Salad on Brioche with VanillaOrange Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 19596: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the marinade by finely mincing the capers, oregano and garlic together. Add to a small bowl along with the yogurt, olive oil, lemon zest and some salt and pepper, stirring until well combined. Place the lamb in a large resealable bag and pour in the yogurt marinade. Mix it around so the lamb is completely coated all over. Squeeze out any air, reseal the bag and place in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes, or up to overnight.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nWhen the lamb is marinated, remove it from the bag and wipe off any excess with paper towels. Unfold the lamb, drizzle with a little olive oil and sprinkle well with salt and pepper on both sides this will help form a nice crust. Grill for about 15 minutes, then flip once and cook for another 12 minutes on the second side until cooked through and you have some color on the lamb. When done, remove from the grill, tent with foil and let rest for 10 to 12 minutes before carving across the grain into thin slices.nTake the baguette and split horizontally lengthwise so you have long halves. Place on the grill to warm the bread through and get slightly crisp, about 2 minutes per side.nTo assemble the sandwiches, smear the bread with Harissa Mayo, stack with slices of lamb and Quick Pickled Sweet Cucumbers. Place the top of the baguette on and slice the sandwich into quarters.nMix the mayonnaise, sour cream, harissa, vinegar and cumin together in a large bowl and stir with a whisk to combine. Taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper as desired. Refrigerate and serve smeared on lamb sandwiches.nAdd the cucumber slices and chile slices to a medium bowl and toss to combine.nIn a medium saucepan, add the vinegar, sugar, 12 water and salt. Heat gently, stirring, just until the sugar and salt dissolve. Pour over the cucumbers and chiles in the bowl. Set aside to marinate at least 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 tablespoon capers, 1 teaspoon fresh oregano leaves, 4 cloves garlic, 2 cups plain unsweetened yogurt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for grilling, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, One 3 to 4pound leg of lamb, butterflied, 1 sourdough baguette use 2 if serving 8, Harissa Mayo, for serving, recipe follows, Quick Pickled Sweet Cucumbers, for serving, recipe follows, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons storebought harissa paste, 12 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 hothouse cucumber, finely sliced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 Fresno chile, halved lengthwise, seeded if desired and finely sliced, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup white vinegar], title: Grilled Lamb Sandwiches, picturelink: XLoCwoLfBJKScT7xpzVmEyoA87ERHu}, 19597: {instructions: Pretreat the silicone molds to create eyeball design: Melt 12 cup of the white chocolate over a double boiler. When the chocolate is completely melted, divide into three small containers. Mix each container with one of the oilbased colors so you have one black, one blue and one green. With a paintbrush, first paint the pupil with black into the center of a clean silicone mold. Next, paint the iris using either the blue or green chocolate. Place in the freezer until ready to use.nTo complete the cherry cordials, put the Fondant into a medium saucepan and bring to a thick syrup consistency.nStrain and dry the Marinated Cherries. With a toothpick, dip the cherries into the fondant and place on a cooling rack to dry completely. Remove the silicone mold pretreated with the colored chocolate from the freezer and reserve. Meanwhile, melt the remaining white chocolate over a double boiler.nWhen the chocolate is completely melted, dip the cherries into the chocolate one at a time. Place the cherries in the pretreated silicone mold. Place in the freezer to set up for 5 minutes. Remove the silicone mold from the freezer and turn out onto desired platter. Feel free to garnish with a variety of fingers, ears and brains to make for the perfect Halloween treatnIn a medium saucepan, add the sugar and milk. Make sure all of the sugar is wet before beginning to cook the sugar. Start to cook the sugar and milk mixture over high heat. When the sugar is melted and it begins to look like syrup, add the butter to the mixture. Stir until the syrup is completely formed and the sugar has completely dissolved. Bring the mixture to a full rolling boil add the cream of tartar keep stirring constantly. Keep cooking until the mixture thickens and holds a line drawn with a wooden spoon down the bottom of the saucepan. Turn the sugar mixture out onto a marble slab or stainless steel table. With a putty knife and large spatula, quickly spread and gather the mixture until it reaches a light white shade and holds its shape for about 3 seconds. Store in an airtight container until ready to use.nIn a small container, combine the cherries and brandy. Allow the cherries to marinate in the fridge for 1 to 3 days., ingredients: [1 pound plus 12 cup white chocolate, Black oilbased food coloring, Blue oilbased food coloring, Green oilbased food coloring, Fondant, recipe follows, Marinated Cherries, recipe follows, 1 14 pounds granulated sugar, 1 cup whole milk, 1 ounce 14 stick unsalted butter, Pinch cream of tartar, 1 jar maraschino cherries, 8 ounces brandy, such as VSOP], title: Eyeball Cherry Cordials, picturelink: null}, 19598: {instructions: Put the peaches in a small bowl, toss them with the thyme leaves, and drizzle the bourbon over them. Let stand for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, toast the baguette slices either under a broiler, or grill them on a hot grill or grill pan until golden brown.nTo serve, arrange about 3 slices of drained peaches on each toasted baguette slice. Lay a slice of lardo on the peaches on each crostini and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ripe peaches, pitted and thinly sliced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped, 14 cup bourbon or rye whiskey, 12 thin baguette slices, 12 paperthin slices cured lardo], title: BourbonSoaked Peach and Lardo Crostini, picturelink: null}, 19599: {instructions: Heat a large pot over medium heat and add the butter, onion, coriander seeds, parsley stems and a generous pinch of salt. Cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the parsnips, carrots and garlic season with salt and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, 5 to 8 minutes.nAdd 7 cups water, the orange juice and molasses to the pot and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, 25 to 30 minutes.nStir the heavy cream and milk into the soup and return to a simmer. Working in batches, transfer to a blender and puree until smooth thin with water if the soup is too thick. Stir in the ginger and chopped parsley leaves and season with salt. Serve drizzled with olive oil.nPhotograph by David MaloshnHeat a large pot over medium heat and add the butter, onion, coriander seeds, parsley stems and a generous pinch of salt. Cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the parsnips, carrots and garlic season with salt and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, 5 to 8 minutes.nAdd 7 cups water, the orange juice and molasses to the pot and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, 25 to 30 minutes.nStir the heavy cream and milk into the soup and return to a simmer. Working in batches, transfer to a blender and puree until smooth thin with water if the soup is too thick. Stir in the ginger and chopped parsley leaves and season with salt. Serve drizzled with olive oil.nPhotograph by David MaloshnHeat a large pot over medium heat and add the butter, onion, coriander seeds, parsley stems and a generous pinch of salt. Cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the parsnips, carrots and garlic season with salt and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, 5 to 8 minutes.nAdd 7 cups water, the orange juice and molasses to the pot and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, 25 to 30 minutes.nStir the heavy cream and milk into the soup and return to a simmer. Working in batches, transfer to a blender and puree until smooth thin with water if the soup is too thick. Stir in the ginger and chopped parsley leaves and season with salt. Serve drizzled with olive oil.nPhotograph by David MaloshnHeat a large pot over medium heat and add the butter, onion, coriander seeds, parsley stems and a generous pinch of salt. Cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the parsnips, carrots and garlic season with salt and cook, stirring, until slightly softened, 5 to 8 minutes.nAdd 7 cups water, the orange juice and molasses to the pot and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, 25 to 30 minutes.nStir the heavy cream and milk into the soup and return to a simmer. Working in batches, transfer to a blender and puree until smooth thin with water if the soup is too thick. Stir in the ginger and chopped parsley leaves and season with salt. Serve drizzled with olive oil.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 cup fresh parsley, leaves chopped and tender stems reserved, Kosher salt, 6 medium parsnips, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon molasses, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 cup fresh parsley, leaves chopped and tender stems reserved, Kosher salt, 6 medium parsnips, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon molasses, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 cup fresh parsley, leaves chopped and tender stems reserved, Kosher salt, 6 medium parsnips, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon molasses, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 cup fresh parsley, leaves chopped and tender stems reserved, Kosher salt, 6 medium parsnips, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon molasses, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Parsnip Soup with Coriander and Parsley, picturelink: null}, 19600: {instructions: Cut squid bodies in half lengthwise and then cut in half widthwise. If the tentacles are large, cut them in half lengthwise. Set aside.nHeat olive oil in a large saute pan. Add garlic and shallot and cook over mediumhigh heat for about 5 minutes. Add tomato sauce, 14 cup water and white wine. Cook sauce over high heat for 5 minutes, until it reduces and thickens. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd all but 1 tablespoon of the parsley to the tomato sauce, lower heat, and simmer, uncovered, for about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, then add linguini or spaghetti and cook until tender time will vary according to freshness of pasta, but it should take at least 7 minutes. Drain well, shaking colander gently to remove excess moisture.nAdd calamari to tomato sauce, and cook for 3 to 5 minutes, or until just cooked through. Taste for seasoning, and add more salt and pepper, if desired. Add the drained pasta and toss well. To serve, garnish with remaining parsley., ingredients: [1 12 pounds squid, cleaned, 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 28ounce can tomato sauce, 14 cup water, 1 cup white wine, 12 cup chopped parsley leaves, 1 pound linguini or spaghetti, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Calamari on Pasta, picturelink: 7sS9nNQ068FHH1rYRcX1t.w2PZQ.b1K}, 19601: {instructions: Make the soup: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cut the tops off the garlic heads to expose the cloves and remove any excess papery skins. Place on a large sheet of foil drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Close the foil around the garlic, leaving a space between the tops and the foil, and place on a baking sheet. Roast until soft and fragrant, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Remove from the foil, let cool and squeeze out the garlic into a bowl.nIn a large heavy soup pot preferably enameled cast iron over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Add the roasted garlic and cook, stirring, until slightly thick, about 5 minutes. Add the flour and cook until a dark golden roux forms, stirring frequently, 5 to 6 more minutes. Add 1 cup chicken stock and stir to incorporate, then repeat until all of the stock has been added. Add 2 cups water in 1cup increments, stirring after each. Add the Italian seasoning, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper, and stir to combine well. Bring to a simmer and cook 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the crostini: Increase the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the olive oil, minced garlic, 14 teaspoon pepper, the paprika and oregano and mix well. Place the bread on a parchmentlined baking sheet and brush with the oilspice mixture. Top each slice with about 1 teaspoon cheese and bake until the cheese is melted and the bread is starting to crisp, 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd the cream to the soup and cook at a very low simmer, stirring occasionally, 10 more minutes. Adjust the seasoning if needed. Ladle into small mugs or bowls top with parsley and drizzle with olive oil. Serve with the crostini.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 large heads garlic, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning, 14 cup heavy cream, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping, For the crostini:, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon hot Hungarian paprika, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, crushed, 1 sourdough baguette, sliced 1 inch thick on the diagonal, 12 cup shredded asiago cheese], title: Roasted Garlic Soup with Asiago Crostini, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 19602: {instructions: Make the spice blend: Combine 2 tablespoons kosher salt, the Old Bay, paprika, chili powder and garlic salt in a small bowl set aside.nMake the special sauce: Whisk the mayonnaise, ketchup, mustard, chipotle and 1 12 teaspoons of the prepared spice blend in a medium bowl until smooth refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the toppings: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, undisturbed, until browned on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Add the onion and season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm.nGrill the burgers: Preheat a grill to medium and brush the grates with vegetable oil. Form the beef into four 1inchthick patties and season generously with the spice blend. Grill until the bottoms are sizzling and browned, 5 to 6 minutes. Flip and cook 5 more minutes for medium. Top the burgers with the mushrooms and onions, then top each with a slice of cheese let melt, about 1 more minute. Meanwhile, lightly toast the buns on the grill.nSpread the special sauce on the buns. Sandwich with the burgers.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon Old Bay Seasoning, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon garlic salt, For the special sauce:, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup ketchup, 12 teaspoon yellow mustard, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce,, finely chopped, For the toppings:, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces white button mushrooms about 15, thinly sliced, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, For the burgers:, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 2 pounds ground beef chuck, 4 slices Swiss cheese, 4 sweet Hawaiian hamburger buns, split], title: The Original Beauty, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 19603: {instructions: Drizzle the passion fruit sauce evenly among 4 plates. Place 1 scoop of ice cream on top of the sauce. Garnish the ice cream with a shard of Honey Crisp. Arrange the Mango Fritters next to the ice cream. Serve each plate with a small dish of Garam Masala Sugar.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, melt the butter, sugar and honey over medium heat. Whisk in the flour until smooth. Set aside to cool. Once cooled, spread the mixture into a thin, even layer on a nonstick baking mat. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Allow to cool and break into shards.nHeat oil to 350 degrees F.nPlace the flour in a medium bowl and create a well in the center. Pour the soda water into the well and mix to combine.nRoll the mango slices in the extra all purpose flour, shaking off any excess. Then, dip the slices into the batter and fry in 350 degrees F oil until golden brown. Remove from the oil and drain on paper towels. Dust with powdered sugar.nIn a small bowl, combine all the ingredients. Mix well., ingredients: [8 ounces passion fruit sauce, 1 pint coconut ice cream, 12 Mango Fritters, recipe follows, Honey Crisps for garnish, recipe follows, Garam Masala Sugar for garnish, recipe follows, 4 ounces salted butter, 4 ounces brown sugar, 14 cup clover honey, 3 ounces allpurpose flour, Canola oil for deep frying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for rolling, 5 ounces soda water, 2 large mangoes, peeled and cut into 1inch slices, Powdered sugar for dusting, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 18 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 18 teaspoon cinnamon powder, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon ground clove, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Churned Passion Fruit with Mango Fritters, Honey Crisp and Garam Masala, picturelink: null}, 19604: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nLightly coat the salmon with oil and grill to desired doneness.nLightly toss the dressing with greens, chickpeas, and cucumbers and place on a plate. Place the salmon on top. Arrange the orange segments around artistically and then sprinkle with scallions.nLightly chop the dill leaves and place in a bowl. Whisk in mustard and olive oil. Then add red wine vinegar and a pinch of black pepper and salt., ingredients: [4 ounces salmon, Olive oil, 34 ounce Herb Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 2 ounces mesclun greens, 3 ounces chickpeas, 1.5 ounces cucumber slices, 12 ounces orange segments, 12 each shredded scallion, 2 sprigs dill leaves, 14 teaspoon mustard, 14 teaspoon olive oil, 14ounce red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Salmon and Mustard Herb Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 19605: {instructions: Heat a heavy bottomed pot over medium high heat. Add the olive oil, bacon, and onions and cook until the onion is soft, about 5 to 10 minutes. Stir in the green beans and chicken stock season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to low, and cook the green beans until they are soft but not mushy, about 30 to 45 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 to 6 slices bacon, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 3 pounds fresh green beans, 2 quarts chicken stock or water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Beans SlowCooked with Bacon and Onions, picturelink: null}, 19606: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a standing mixer fitted with a whisk, mix together sugar and butter. Mix on low speed until well blended and then increase speed to medium and beat for another 3 minutes.nAdd vanilla and cream and continue to beat on medium speed for 1 minute more, adding more cream if needed for spreading consistency., ingredients: [3 cups confectioners sugar, 1 cup butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 to 2 tablespoons whipping cream], title: Quick Vanilla Buttercream Frosting, picturelink: Y7PoXZnTUskdsSCRXaF5mQCZM2k6J.}, 19607: {instructions: Use a rolling pin to mash the candied ginger into a paste.nUse a sharp knife to slice the vanilla bean lengthwise. Separate the seeds from the outside skin by scraping the blade of the knife along the inside of the bean. Place the vanilla bean seeds, butter, sugar, egg yolks, and ginger in a mediumsize mixing bowl and beat with an electric mixer on low speed until the ingredients are combined, about 1 minute. Combine the baking powder, salt, cocoa powder and flour and add to the butter mixture all at once. Beat on low speed just until combined, about 1 minute. Do not overmix the dough or it will become tough. Remove the dough from the bowl.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nI baked my cookies in a special flexible baking sheet with domeshaped cavities. Roll the dough into a rope that is about the same diameter as the cookie mold. Use a knife to cut each piece of dough. Press the dough into the mold. Repeat until all of the cavities are filled. Bake 15 to 20 minutes.nTo make the chocolate fans: Use an offset spatula to spread a very thin layer of tempered chocolate onto a piece of marble. Use a spatula to clean away chocolate so you are left with a rectangle shape. Let the chocolate set slightly. Place 1 hand on the handle of the cake triangle and rest your thumb on the blade of the triangle. Push the triangle through the chocolate in strips of about 2 inches. Use your thumb to catch 1 side of the chocolate to create small chocolate fans. Pinch the short side to create the handle of the fan. I colored my fans with my airbrush but you could also use a paintbrush. If using an airbrush, place a few drops of color in the airbrush.nIf using a paintbrush, mix together a few tablespoons of the cocoa butter with a small amount of powdered food color. It will be easier if you use yogurt machine to store and warm your paints. Apply color where you are inspired to do so.nWhen the cookies have cooled, use a sharp knife to cut a wedge from the top of each cookie. Position the chocolate fans on top of each cookie.nSource: Flexible baking pans u2013 any kitchen supply store, ingredients: [4 to 6 pieces candied ginger, 12 vanilla bean, 34 cup cold unsalted butter, cubed, 1 cup powdered sugar, 4 large egg yolks, Pinch baking powder, Pinch salt, 12 cup unsweetened Dutch processed cocoa powder, 1 23 cups allpurpose flour, 8 ounces white chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, Powdered food colors, as desired], title: Chocolate Ginger Shortbread Cookies, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 19608: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the vinegar, mayonnaise, poppy seeds, celery salt, cilantro and hot sauce, stirring until well blended. In a medium bowl, toss together the cabbage, carrots, green onions, bell pepper and jicama. Pour dressing over cabbage mixture and toss until vegetables are coated with dressing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour so that flavors meld. Serve chilled., ingredients: [14 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup light mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons poppy seeds, 12 teaspoon celery salt, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 cups shredded red cabbage about 14 head, 2 cups prepackaged shredded carrots, 12 cup thinly sliced green onions about 4 green onions, 1 medium red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 cup finely julienned jicama, 1 jicama, about the size of a softball, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon crushed black pepper], title: Creamy Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 19609: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the heavy cream, mascarpone, sugar, coffee liqueur, cocoa powder, espresso powder, and vanilla. Mix on low speed to combine and then slowly raise the speed, until it forms firm peaks.nTo assemble the cake, arrange chocolate chip cookies flat in an 8inch springform pan, covering the bottom as much as possible. I break some cookies to fill in the spaces. Spread a fifth of the mocha whipped cream evenly over the cookies. Place another layer of cookies on top, lying flat and touching, followed by another fifth of the cream. Continue layering cookies and cream until there are 5 layers of each, ending with a layer of cream. Smooth the top, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight.nRun a small sharp knife around the outside of the cake and remove the sides of the pan. Sprinkle the top with the chocolate, cut in wedges, and serve cold., ingredients: [2 cups cold heavy cream, 12 ounces Italian mascarpone cheese, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Pernigotti, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 8ounce packages chocolate chip cookies, such as Tates Bake Shop, Shaved semisweet chocolate, for garnish], title: Mocha Chocolate Icebox Cake, picturelink: oNGvV2LrVn12nbUeXCSdOfMSREghgwS}, 19610: {instructions: Special equipment: 12inch pizza screennPreheat an oven with a pizza stone to 550 degrees F, if possible. If your oven does not go up to 550 degrees F, preheat it to the highest temperature possible.nIn a small bowl, combine chickpeas, 2 tablespoons olive oil, garlic, rosemary leaves, and 1 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Set aside.nRoll out pizza dough and spread on a 12inch pizza screen. Lightly cover the dough with mozzarella cheese and bake for approximately 8 to 10 minutes or until dough is cooked through the pizza will not be baked again.nFinely dice red onions and set aside. Chop cilantro leaves and set aside. Reduce the balsamic vinegar in a pan until it becomes thick and pastelike. In a separate bowl, cure the shrimp by squeezing the lemon juice over the shrimp so that all of it is covered in juice. Cut up tuna into bitesize pieces and add to the shrimp and lemon juice cure. Next, add the remaining olive oil, onions, capers, and a pinch of salt and pepper to the cure. Let the cure sit for 5 to 7 minutes. While the shrimp and tuna cures, spread the chickpea sauce on top of the cooked pie. Next, evenly spread the cured tuna and shrimp mixture on top of the sauce. Drizzle Worcestershire sauce on top of the pizza, followed by the balsamic reduction. Finish the pizza with chopped cilantro. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [12 cup chickpeas, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 more tablespoons, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, leaves picked, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 17ounce pizza dough ball, 2 cups grated mozzarella cheese, 2 red onions, Small bunch cilantro, 8 ounces balsamic vinegar, 12 to 14 colossal gulf shrimp, 6 lemons, juiced, 1 pound sushigrade tuna, 4 tablespoons salted capers, Worcestershire sauce], title: Americas Plate, picturelink: null}, 19611: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and mushrooms and saute until tender, about 10 minutes. Cool. Fold 1 large square of parchment paper in half. Cut out a large half heart so that when the paper is opened, the paper resembles a whole heart. Repeat with the remaining 3 pieces of parchment. Open up all of the parchment hearts on the work surface. Place 14 of the fish on 12 of each parchment heart. Sprinkle the fish with the onion and mushroom mixture, ogo and basil, dividing evenly. Spoon the remaining 4 tablespoons of oil, wine and lemon juice over the fish, dividing evenly. Fold the opposite side of the heart over to cover the fish. Fold the top and bottom edges of the parchment together, crimping to seal the fish completely. Arrange the packets on a baking sheet. Bake the packets until the fish is cooked through, about 10 minutes. Transfer the packets to plates. Using scissors, cut an opening in the parchment and serve.n4 servings, ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup very thinly sliced Maui, or another sweet, onion, 2 ounces fresh Shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and thinly sliced, 4 large sheets parchment paper, 1 12 pounds kumu fillets or red snapper with skin cut into 1inch pieces, 1 cup ogo Hawaiian seaweed, 12 fresh basil leaves, julienned, 14 cup dry white wine, 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice], title: Papillote of Kumu with Basil, Seaweed and Shiitake Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 19612: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and heat it for a couple of minutes dont brown it. Add the pumpkin, 12 teaspoon salt and the chili powder. Cook this filling for a few minutes, stirring occasionally, to warm it and cook off some of the excess liquid. Remove from the heat and let it cool slightly while you get the other components ready.nToast the pine nuts in a small skillet over mediumlow heat, tossing and stirring occasionally, until golden. Remove them to a plate and set aside.nNext, make browned butter: In the same small skillet, melt the remaining 6 tablespoons butter over mediumhigh heat let it cook and bubble up for an additional minute or so, until the foam is golden brown. Watch it carefully and take the pan off the heat as soon as its ready. Finally, beat the egg with 1 tablespoon cold water. Now youre ready for Operation Ravioli.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil. Lay out a few wonton wrappers at a time and spoon about 2 teaspoons of the pumpkin mixture in the middle of each one. Then, one at a time, dab your finger into the egg wash mixture and paint around the pumpkin on the wrapper. Lay a second wonton wrapper on top of each one, match up the edges and press the two wrappers together, gently pressing out any air bubbles as you go. To seal the ravioli, use a knife or square cutter to neatly trim the edges. Set them aside while you work on the rest.nDrop a few ravioli at a time into the boiling water. Boil them for 1 12 to 2 minutes, then remove with a slotted spoon and place on a platter or serving plates. Spoon a little bit of the browned butter over the ravioli, then sprinkle on the parmesan shavings, sage, toasted pine nuts and a little pepper.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 15ounce can pumpkin puree, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 large egg, 48 wonton wrappers, 1 12 cups shaved parmesan cheese, 6 sage leaves, rolled and very thinly sliced, Freshly ground pepper], title: Pumpkin Wonton Ravioli, picturelink: 7b1iL7juzuDEC3EtcUElMDWgh8VO4i}, 19613: {instructions: Juice 1 grapefruit into a bowl. Cut the peel and pith from the other grapefruit. Remove the flesh from the membranes with a sharp knife, adding any juice to the juice in the bowl. Reserve the grapefruit segments.nBoil the reserved juice, honey and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a small saucepan until reduced by half and slightly syrupy, 4 to 6 minutes.nToss the grapefruit segments with the shallots, oil, parsley, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.nBring a large, straightsided skillet with 4 cups of wellsalted water to a simmer the water should cover the salmon. Add the salmon to the skillet and remove from the heat. Let the salmon cook in the hot water until just cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes.nTransfer the salmon to paper towels and pat dry. Place on serving plates. Drizzle the salmon with the sauce and top with the grapefruit salad., ingredients: [2 ruby red grapefruit, 1 12 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, Four 6ounce skinless salmon fillets], title: Grapefruit and Honey Salmon, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 19614: {instructions: Special equipment: 10inch angel food cake pan, ungreasednPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSift together the espresso powder, cake flour, and salt. Set aside.nPut the egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer. Using the whisk attachment, whip the egg whites on medium speed until frothy. Add the cream of tartar. Increase to high speed and slowly pour in the sugar. Continue whipping until the whites are stiff but still shiny, about 3 minutes.nReduce to low speed and add the vanilla extract and lemon juice. Add the reserved flour mixture. When the flour mixture is almost completely incorporated, remove the bowl from the machine and fold in the chocolate chips. Make sure that the chocolate chips are spread throughout the batter and that the flour is evenly mixed into the egg whites. Do not over mix.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and cut through it a few times with a dull knife to break up any air pockets.nBake until a skewer inserted in the middle comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Invert the cake on a rack and let it cool upside down in the pan.nUnmold the cake and slice it with a serrated knife., ingredients: [2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 1 13 cups cake flour, sifted, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups about 12 large egg whites, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 13 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 34 cup chocolate chips, coarsely chopped], title: Espresso Chocolate Chip Angel Food Cake, picturelink: null}, 19615: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a half sheet pan with aluminum foil. Arrange the bacon in a single layer on a cooling rack, and set it in the prepared sheet pan. Bake until the bacon browns and the fat is rendered and bubbly. About 30 to 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the brown sugar and pecans in a small food processor. Pulse about 15 times or until the pecans are finely chopped.nRemove the bacon from the oven, sprinkle with the brown sugar mixture, and pat down to adhere. Return to the oven a bake until the bacon is crisp, about 10 minutes.nCool on the rack for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pound thick cut bacon, 2 12 ounces light brown sugar, about 6 tablespoons, 1 12 ounces pecan halves], title: Praline Bacon, picturelink: Gk9wVzKAWXhWdmHLi9R3CzMEeHXIdm}, 19616: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTake 3 sheets of phyllo at a time, butter and roll up, jellyroll style. Cut into fourths. Press, cut side down, into muffin pan cups. Press with fingers to flatten and work slightly up the sides of cup. Brush cups with melted butter. Repeat with remaining phyllo sheets, for a total of 24 cups.nTo prepare filling, place garlic, with tough bottoms cut off, in a plastic bag. Pound with the side of a meat cleaver. Remove skins and place crushed garlic in a deep microwave safe bowl. Add lemon juice and water. Cover and microwave for 2 minutes.nAdd cream cheese to garlic and cream together. Add beaten eggs, feta, crab, and 1 cup of the bread crumbs and mix well. Add cayenne pepper and mix again. Spoon mixture into each phyllo cup, distributing evenly, about 1 tablespoon of mixture per phyllo cup. Sprinkle remaining bread crumbs over the crab mixture about 1 teaspoon per phyllo cup and lightly dust the top of each with paprika.nBake for 25 minutes. Carefully remove each phyllo cupcrab cake onto a cooling rack. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [18 sheets phyllo dough, thawed note thawing time on package directions, 12 cup butter, melted, 6 large cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons water, 1 package 8 ounces cream cheese at room temperature, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 package 4 ounces crumbled feta cheese, 1 can 6 ounces crabmeat, drained or substitute fresh, 2 cups soft bread crumbs, divided, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Paprika, for garnish], title: GarlicGood Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 19617: {instructions: In a mortar and pestle or food processor, pound or process the orange zest and the sugar. Add the butter and mix together until creamy and fluffy, dribble in the orange juice and CuraHao a bit at a time, still processing, until it is all absorbed. Pack into a ramekin and smooth off the top, and serve with warm breakfast breads. If desired, spread the butter on a long sheet of plastic wrap and roll up into a cylinder. Chill or freeze and cut off 12 inch disks of the flavored butter as needed., ingredients: [Zest of 1 large navel orange, finely chopped, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 12 tablespoons CuraHao or other orange liqueur], title: Orange Butter, picturelink: null}, 19618: {instructions: Make the pickled red onion: Combine the cider vinegar, sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl and whisk to dissolve. Add the red onion and 2 tablespoons cilantro and stir to combine. Cover and set aside at room temperature, 1 hour.nMeanwhile, soak 20 wooden skewers in warm water, at least 20 minutes. Slice the flank steak against the grain into 20 strips, about 18 inch thick. Thread the meat accordionstyle onto the skewers and set aside until ready to grill.nCombine the remaining cilantro, the garlic, red wine vinegar, lemon juice, red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt and the olive oil in a blender and puree until smooth transfer to a small bowl.nHeat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Season the steak with salt and pepper. Brush the grill with olive oil, then grill the skewers until marked, about 1 minute per side. Serve with the chimichurri and pickled onion.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 bunch cilantro, roughly chopped, 1 pound flank steak, trimmed, 1 clove garlic, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, Freshly ground pepper], title: Beef Skewers with Cilantro Chimichurri, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 19619: {instructions: Put the sugar, corn syrup, and water in a medium saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, brushing down the sides of the pan as needed with water, until the sugar dissolves. Continue to cook, swirling the pan but not stirring, until the sugar is amber in color, about 8 minutes. Pull pan from the heat and carefully add the cream and butter. Take care it may spatter. Whisk until smooth.nStir the chocolate, vanilla, and salt into the hot caramel until smooth. Serve sauce warm.nStore in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. Reheat slowly, in a microwave at 30second intervals, stirring, until warm and saucy. Be careful not to overheat or butter can separate from the caramel sauce., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons light or dark corn syrup, 2 tablespoons water, 34 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 ounces good quality bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch salt], title: CaramelFudge Sauce, picturelink: U2cJhxYhbfHKson2EVNBvMtvyWafSdu}, 19620: {instructions: To make the marinade: In a large glass bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, orange juice, chili flakes, chili powder, garlic, salt, and black pepper. Add in the pork and toss to coat. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes although I prefer to marinate for 3 hours or overnight. Soak the wooden skewers in a shallow pan of water for at least 1 hour. Remove the pork cubes from the marinade. Thread 3 or 4 pieces of marinated pork on the skewers, alternating the pork with small wedges of lemons and oranges. Place the skewers on an area of the grill with no direct flame. Continue to brush marinade during grilling, until the meat is browned, about 8 to 10 minutes, turning occasionally or to desired doneness. Transfer the pork from the skewers and place in pita pockets. Top the pork with shredded lettuce and avocado tzatziki.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, garlic and salt. Whisk in the yogurt. Add the grated cucumber, diced avocado and mix well. Cover the mixture and chill for at least 1 hour., ingredients: [12 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 12 teaspoon dried chili flakes, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds boneless pork, cut into 1 12inch strips or cubes, 2 whole oranges, cut into wedges for the skewers, 3 lemons, cut into wedges for the skewers, 6 pita pocket rounds, sliced into two halfmoon shapes, Iceberg or Romaine lettuce, shredded, Avocado Tzatziki, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups plain yogurt or lowfat, 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded and grated about 1 cup, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and diced small], title: Pork Skewers with Avocado Tzatziki, picturelink: null}, 19621: {instructions: Combine 4 ounces tequila, 2 ounces each lemon juice and sweet vermouth, 2 teaspoons honey and 4 dashes bitters in a shaker. Add ice, cover and shake. Strain into 2 martini glasses garnish with lemon twists.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Tequila Cocktails, picturelink: dvGTo250LMCXDnlimm3AUth4I1pNql.}, 19622: {instructions: Heat a large heavy bottomed skillet over mediumhigh heat. Dry the pork medallions well and season with salt and pepper. Add the oil to the skillet and heat until shimmering. Lay the pork in the pan and cook until browned on the first side, about 4 minutes. Turn and cook until the second side is browned, about 3 minutes more. Transfer the pork to a plate, and cover loosely with foil.nAdd the onions to the skillet, stir and season with salt and pepper. Cover, and reduce heat to medium and cook until soft, about 8 minutes. Add the cider vinegar and stir, scraping up the browned bits that cling to the skillet. Add the onions to the pork.nAdd butter to skillet, raise heat to mediumhigh. Add the apples and sage cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 3 minutes. Stir in the broth and mustard, and simmer until the apples soften, about 2 minutes. Return the onions and any accumulated juices from the pork to the skillet. Simmer to thicken slightly, about 2 minutes. Nestle the pork in the onions and heat until the meat is warmed through.nDivide the pork medallions among 4 plates and smother them with apples and onions. Serve., ingredients: [4 6ounce boneless centercut pork medallions, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 large onion, sliced, 1 cooking apple, like Rome, Gravenstein, or Golden Delicious, peeled, halved, cored, and sliced, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh sage leaves, 12 cup chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard], title: Smothered Pork Medallions with Sage and Apples, picturelink: null}, 19623: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add the parsnips. Cook until the parsnips are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain.nHeat a pot over mediumhigh heat and add the butter and sugar. Allow to melt together. Add onions and saute until caramelized, 6 minutes.nAdd parsnips to pot. Turn heat off and add the mascarpone. Stir together and mash, adding parsley, salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound parsnips, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 onion, diced, 12 cup mascarpone, 14 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Smashed Parsnips with Mascarpone Cheese, picturelink: DQa2d6xURYmYT2pxbjnAA4sZhwHIHm}, 19624: {instructions: Mix the 14 teaspoon salt, pepper and garlic together and coat the duck with the seasonings rubbing into the surface of the duck. On the stovetop heat the oil or lard in a deep roasting pan if you will be using the oven or in a large Dutch oven if you will be cooking on the range. Note: you will be poaching the duck, not frying it, so, it is important to avoid making the oil too hot. Add the duck to the warm oil. If you are using the oven put the duck in a preheated 200 degree F oven for about 6 to 8 hours. If you are using the stovetop, cook the duck at a 180 degree F simmer for 6 to 8 hours. The duck must be cooked until it falls away from the bone. Remove all the duck meat from the bones and reserve meat until needed.nFill a large pot with water, add salt and boil pasta until al dente, cooked with a bite, about 10 to 12 minutes, drain and set aside. While the pasta is boiling, saute garlic, onion, and sundried tomatoes until the onion is translucent, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes and cook together for about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, as needed.nShred the duck meat, combine with sauce and toss with pasta. Transfer to a serving dish and top with fresh chives and basil, sprinkle with Parmesan and drizzle with truffle oil, for garnish., ingredients: [14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for pasta water, 14 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 duck, butchered into legs and breasts, 1 pint lard or grapeseed oil, 112 pounds farfalle pasta or pasta of choice, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small red onion, chopped, 1 small jar 6 to 8 ounces sundried tomatoes in oil, chopped, 2 16ounce cans or 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, Salt and pepper, 14 cup chopped chives, for garnish, 2 tablespoons torn basil leaves, for garnish, 14 cup grated Parmesan, for garnish, 2 teaspoons truffle oil, for garnish, optional], title: Confit of Duck and SunDried Tomato over Pasta, picturelink: Lpb2LvqjLYQHBiKWJs44NJxyGDlbHES}, 19625: {instructions: Heat oil in a large saucepan or fryer to 365 degrees F or until a piece of tortilla sizzles when immersed. Fry the tortillas in batches and fry until crisp, about 2 minutes, remove and drain on paper towels. Repeat with remaining tortillas. Mix together the cumin and salt in a small bowl. Season the chips with the cuminsalt mixture while still warm., ingredients: [6 cups peanut oil, 10 8inch flour tortillas, cut into eighths, 3 tablespoons cumin powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Cumin Tortillas, picturelink: null}, 19626: {instructions: In a large stockpot, combine the onions, carrots, and celery. Toss in the parsley, thyme, and bay leaf and add the chicken parts or bones. Add enough cold water to cover the chicken by 3 inches. Bring to a boil over medium heat, lower the heat immediately so the stock simmers very gently. Skim the surface of any foam, scum, or fat, with a ladle, as often as necessary. Simmer, uncovered for 4 hours.nStrain into a large bowl or storage containers. Cool the liquid to room temperature before refrigerating. The fastest way to cool containers of stock is in an ice water bath in the sink. Refrigerate for 2 or 3 days or freeze for up to 3 months. Remove any solidified fat that rises to the surface before using., ingredients: [2 large onions, quartered, 2 medium carrots, quartered, 2 stalks celery with leaves, quartered, 10 sprigs parsley, 4 sprigs fresh thyme or 2 teaspoons dried, 1 bay leaf, 5 pounds chicken bones, wings, backs, legs, or a mixture, trimmed of excess fat], title: Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 19627: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees and set a rack in the middle level. For a large shortcake, butter an 8inch round pan and line the bottom with a disk of parchment or wax paper, cut to fit. For individual shortcakes, line a cookie sheet with parchment or foil. For the dough, combine dry ingredients in a mixing bowl and stir well to mix. Add butter and rub in finely with fingertips, until mixture resembles coarse meal. Beat together egg and cream and stir into flour and butter mixture to make a soft dough. For large shortcake, spread the dough evenly in the prepared pan. For individual shortcakes, place dough on a floured surface and fold over on itself 3 or 4 times. Pat out dough about 12inch thick. Cut out individual biscuits with a 2 23inch cutter. Sprinkle tops of shortcakes with sugar. Bake about 25 minutes for large one, or until a knife or skewer inserted in center emerges clean. Bake individuals about 15 minutes. Cool the biscuits on a rack. For the whipped cream, combine all ingredients and whip by hand or by machine until cream holds soft peaks. Set aside refrigerated until needed. To assemble shortcakes split biscuits horizontally and place large one on a platter and individual ones on dessert plates. Spoon filling on bottom of large shortcake or divide among bottoms on individual ones. Top with whipped cream and biscuit tops., ingredients: [2 cups unbleached, allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 large egg, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, Sugar for sprinkling the biscuits, One recipe Fruit Filling, below, 1 12 cups heavy whipping cream, ice cold, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: All About Shortcakes, picturelink: null}, 19628: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl mix the vinegar, soy sauce, and sesame oil together and pour over the tenderloin, turning every 10 minutes, for 30 minutes. Pat dry. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Sear the tenderloin until evenly colored and transfer to the oven. Cook until the pork reaches the internal temperature of 145 degrees F. Remove from the pan and allow to rest 15 minutes. Thinly slice.nWhile tenderloin is in the marinade, in a small pot over high heat add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and saute the onions, fennel, garlic and thyme until just colored. Reduce the heat to low and deglaze with the sake. Cover with a lid and cook for 30 minutes, stirring periodically until the onions are translucent and soft. Remove from heat.nIn a small bowl, using a fork, mix in the remaining herbs and the goat cheese and season with and salt and pepper, to taste.nWhile the onions are cooking, thinly slice the bread. Rub each piece with a garlic clove and season lightly with salt and pepper. Drizzle each piece with olive oil and bake until golden but still soft in the center, 10 minutes.nOn a piece of garlic crostini spread a thin later of goat cheese mixture. Top with a thin slice of tenderloin, then the onion mixture and lastly dollop of creme fraiche., ingredients: [2 tablespoons seasoned rice wine vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 1pound pork tenderloin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 spanish onion, julienned, 1 small fennel bulb, thinly shaven, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons picked thyme leaves, 14 cup sake, 1 tablespoon chervil leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon chives, chopped, 1 cup goat cheese, at room temperature, Salt and pepper, 1 loaf French bread, 1 clove garlic, Extravirgin olive oil, Creme fraiche, as garnish], title: Asian Infused Pork Tenderloin with Melted Onions and Herb Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 19629: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees FnWash potatoes and place on 2 lightly oiled cookie sheets. Bake for about 30 minutes.nCool potatoes before handling.nTrim either end of each potato and then cut in half, leaving trimmed edges on the end to allow potatoes to sit upright. Using a small melon baller, scoop out inside of each potato half, leaving at least 18inch edge.nFill pastry bag, fitted with a star tip, with creme fraiche. Fill each scoopedout potato half with piped creme fraiche.nGarnish top of each potato with red or black lumpfish roe., ingredients: [36 tiny, blemishfree redskinned potatoes, 1 pint creme fraiche, 2 ounce container red lumpfish roe, 2 ounce container black lumpfish roe], title: New Potatoes with Creme Fraiche and Caviar, picturelink: null}, 19630: {instructions: Chop the herbs and blend them with the olive oil. Rub the mixture on the tenderloin and let sit overnight in the refrigerator. Season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a griddle or large skillet sear the beef on all sides until brown.nPlace in the preheated oven and roast until the internal temperature is 120 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Let the tenderloin rest for 15 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [2 sprigs rosemary, 2 sprigs thyme, 12 bunch chervil, 14 cup olive oil, 512 pound beef tenderloin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper], title: Herb Rubbed Roasted Tenderloin of Beef, picturelink: null}, 19631: {instructions: In a large pot, bring salted water to a boil for the pasta.nIn a large skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat, then add the garlic and saute until golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the clams, white wine, and stock and cover. Allow to boil until the clams open, about 4 to 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, boil the capellini in the water until al dente. When all the clams have opened, discard the unopened ones. Stir the capellini and three tablespoons of parsley into the pan juices. Season with salt and pepper. Serve on a platter with the clams and sprinkle with remaining parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 pounds very small clams, such as New Zealand cockles, scrubbed, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 cup fish stock or clam juice, 12 ounces capellini pasta, 4 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Capellini with Clams, picturelink: null}, 19632: {instructions: To an ice filled pint glass, combine all the ingredients, except the lime wedge. Shake quickly and pour into a serving glass. Garnish with a lime wedge and serve., ingredients: [1ounce orange vodka, 1ounce mango rum, Fresh lime juice, 1 part cranberry juice, 1 part orange juice, Lime wedge, for garnish], title: Mojave Madras, picturelink: null}, 19633: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPierce the potatoes all over with a fork or the tip of a sharp knife. Place the potatoes directly on the center oven rack and bake until the skins are crispy and a knife easily slides into the potatoes, about 40 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to a wire rack until cool enough to handle, about 10 minutes.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, put the bacon slices on a wire rack on a baking sheet and cook until crispy, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool on the rack, then chop finely.nSet the oven to broil. Slice each potato in half lengthwise and use a melon baller or small spoon to scoop out the inside flesh, leaving a 14inch rim intact. Set the flesh aside for another use.nArrange the potato halves skinside down on a baking sheet. Brush the exposed insides of the potatoes with the melted butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Flip the potatoes and brush with the remaining butter, then flip them back over. Fill each potato with some of the Cheddar and a pinch or 2 of the bacon. Cook until the cheese is bubbly and melted, about 2 minutes.nTop each potato with 12 teaspoon creme fraiche and a sprinkling of chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [15 small red potatoes about 1 12 pounds, 5 to 6 slices applewoodsmoked bacon, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar about 4 ounces, 13 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives], title: Loaded Baby Potatoes, picturelink: Nm.u5Q22kNAeJc8BNd4.72jBkvJNk2}, 19634: {instructions: Combine marinade ingredients and pineapple juice in a large bowl and add swordfish chunks. Let sit for 15 minutes. Soak 8 bamboo skewers in water for 15 minutes. Alternate swordfish and remaining ingredients on skewers. Kabobs can be grilled or broiled for 810 minutes. Rotate the kabobs for either method and baste with remaining marinade., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Salt and pepper, 34 pound swordfish, cut into 1 12 inch cubes, 8 cherry tomatoes, 8 canned pineapple chunks, 14 cup juice reserved, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1 inch squares, 1 red onion , peeled and cut into 1 inch chunks], title: Swordfish Kebobs, picturelink: null}, 19635: {instructions: Place flour on a clean work surface, forming a well in the center. Add eggs to center of well beat with a fork. Add 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup water, and salt. Use your hands to slowly mix the flour into the liquid. When dough forms and comes together, lift it out of remaining flour on the work surface using a bench scraper. Sift flour on work surface set aside. Knead dough for 2 to 3 minutes, adding a little more flour if necessary to prevent sticking.nBrush top of dough with remaining teaspoon olive oil to prevent skin from forming, and cover with an inverted bowl. Let rest for 30 minutes.nSprinkle two baking sheets or platters with cornmeal. Divide dough into 8pieces. Lightly flour a work surface with a little of the reserved flour, and roll out or pat 1 piece of dough into a rectangle about 14inch thick. Cut dough crosswise into 12inchwide strips. Transfer dough to a clean surface, and using your hands, roll each strip into a strand of spaghetti. Place on prepared baking sheets or platters. Repeat with remaining dough.nBring a large pot of water to a boil add salt. Cook pasta until al dente, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain, and toss with 2 tablespoons cheese. Stir parsley and basil into sauce. Add pasta to sauce, and gently toss to coat. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons cheese.nSqueeze juice from lemon into bowl of ice water add lemon halves and artichoke hearts while preparing the rest.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add oil, garlic, and salt. Stir in redpepper flakes, parsley, basil, salt, and black pepper, and saute, stirring for 5 minutes. Add vermouth, and cook for 2 minutes. Add tomato sauce and chicken stock. Cook until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes.nYield: 4 servingsnPlace peppercorns, dill, parsley, bay leaves, leeks, carrots, celery, chicken, wings, and backs into a large stockpot. Add stock and 6 cups cold water. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a very gentle simmer, and cook for 45 minutes. Liquid should just bubble up to the surface. A skin will form on the surface of the liquid skim this off with a slotted spoon, and discard. Repeat as needed. After 45 minutes, remove chicken from the pot, and set aside until it is cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones, set the meat aside, and return the bones to the pot. Shred the chicken, and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use. Continue to simmer the stock, on the lowest heat possible, for 3 hours, skimming as needed. The chicken bones will begin to disintegrate. Strain the stock through a fine sieve into a very large bowl. Discard the solids. Place the bowl in an ice bath, and let cool to room temperature. Transfer to airtight containers. Stock may be refrigerated for 3 days or frozen for 4 months. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight. If storing, leave fat layer intact to the seal the stock. Before using, remove the layer of fat that has collected on the surface.nYield: 5 quarts, ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 5 large eggs, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 1 teaspoon for brushing dough, Coarse salt, 14 cup coarsely ground cornmeal, 14 cup freshly grated PecorinoRomano, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced basil, Tomato and Artichoke Sauce, recipe follows, 1 lemon, halved, 4 large, fresh artichoke hearts, thinly sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, Coarse salt, 14 teaspoon crushed redpepper flakes, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons finely julienned basil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup Italian dry vermouth, 5 tablespoons tomato sauce, preferably homemade, 12 cup Homemade Chicken Stock or canned lowsodium chicken broth, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 6 sprigs fresh dill or 2 teaspoons dried dill, 6 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 leeks, washed, white and palegreen parts only, cut into 13, 2 carrots, scrubbed, cut into 13, 2 stalks celery, cut into 13, 1 4pound chicken, cut into 6 pieces, 1 12 pounds chicken wings, 1 12 pounds chicken backs, 2 48ounce cans lowsodium chicken broth, about 12 cups, 6 cups cold water], title: Tuscan Pici Pasta, picturelink: null}, 19636: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nStir together the flour, powered milk, sugar, baking powder, cream of tartar and salt in a medium bowl.nUsing a pastry cutter, cut the butter and shortening into the dry mixture until blended thoroughly.nFold in the buttermilk until the dough comes together.nOn a lightly floured surface, turn out the dough and use hands to press into a circle 1 to 1 12 inches thick.nCut out circles with a biscuit cutter or a glass. Place the biscuits in castiron skillets, then brush the tops with the melted butter.nBake until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup powdered milk, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 5 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons cream of tartar, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 stick cold butter, cut into bits, 12 cup shortening, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 14 cup melted butter], title: Biscuits, picturelink: TTtn31X9Y4uqD4XKUvSJ4GR.zZure}, 19637: {instructions: Warm the olive oil in a large saucepan. Add the onions and cook until tender and translucent, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the ginger, cinnamon, cumin, sugar or honey, and cook for 2 minutes longer. Add the carrots and enough water or stock to just barely cover the carrots. Simmer covered, stirring from time to time, until the carrots are tender and the liquid is reduced and syrupy. Season to taste with a little salt. Sprinkle with chopped herbs., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 cup chopped onions, 1 to 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground toasted cumin seeds, 3 tablespoons sugar or honey, 2 pounds carrots, peeled, sliced 14inch thick, Water or chicken stock as needed, Salt, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill or fresh coriander or mint], title: Middle Eastern Spiced Carrots, picturelink: null}, 19638: {instructions: Put 2 12 cups of the flour into a bowl, make a well in the flour, and add the cheese and eggs. Gradually work the mixture together, adding more flour if necessary, to make a soft but not sticky dough. On a lightly floured surface, knead the dough until it is smooth. Let the dough rest at room temperature, covered with an inverted bowl or wrapped in plastic, for 30 minutes.nForm the dough into a round and cut into quarters. Working with one quarter at a time cover the remaining dough with an inverted bowl to keep the dough from drying out, on a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a rope 14 inch in diameter. With a knife, cut the rope into 12inch pieces. With your index and third fingers held together, gently press down on each piece, beginning at the top and moving down toward the bottom, dragging your fingers toward you and causing the pasta to roll over on itself. Transfer the formed pasta to a lightly floured jellyroll pan and let dry at room temperature for at least 30 minutes.nBring a saucepan of salted water to a boil, and add the pasta. Cook until the cavatelli are al dente, 6 to 8 minutes. Theyre done when they float up to the top. Drain and toss the desired quantity with your favorite sauce. Freeze leftovers., ingredients: [3 cups 1 pound allpurpose flour, 1 pound ricotta cheese, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Handmade Italian Ricotta Cavatelli, picturelink: null}, 19639: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and season with salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and tender, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl let cool slightly.nAdd the noodles and edamame to the boiling water. Cook until the noodles are al dente, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain and run under cold water until cool add to the bowl with the mushrooms.nPulse all but a few cilantro leaves, the mint, scallions, 2 tablespoons water, the soy sauce, vinegar, Sriracha and sesame oil in a food processor until roughly chopped toss with the noodles and edamame. Top with the remaining cilantro.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 12 ounces soba noodles, 1 cup frozen shelled edamame, 1 bunch cilantro about 2 cups leaves, 1 bunch mint about 1 cup leaves, 1 bunch scallions, roughly chopped, 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 12 tablespoons rice vinegar not seasoned, 1 tablespoon Sriracha Asian chile sauce, 1 12 teaspoons toasted sesame oil], title: Soba Noodles with Shiitakes and Edamame, picturelink: qOTxPL8UQ2knJdF9bbG0BJU1TDh8iK}, 19640: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a medium bowl combine the oats, wheat germ, Truviau2122 natural sweetener, pumpkin pie spice and salt. Add both oils and toss well to coat. Spread in a single layer on a parchment lined baking sheet. Bake until toasted, about 10 minutes. Stir in almonds and continue to bake until the nuts are toasted and the granola is dry, about 10 more minutes.n2. Remove from the oven, stir in the apricots, dates, and figs or raisins. Cool on the baking sheet. Serve over yogurt as desired. Store granola in a sealed container for up to 2 weeks.nCopyright 2010 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [2 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 13 cup wheat germ, 2 tablespoons Truviau2122 natural sweetener spoonable, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 14 teaspoon Diamond Crystalu00ae kosher salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons walnut oil, 12 cup blanched almonds, coarsely chopped, 12 cup dried apricots, chopped, 14 cup dried dates, chopped, 14 cup golden raisins or dried figs, chopped, Greek Yogurt, serving suggestion, May substitute with 7 packets Truviau2122 natural sweetener], title: Spiced Fruit and Nut Granola, picturelink: QSGO5vrRCbY8J99TzMSHHkWMe2sUfq}, 19641: {instructions: Puree the berries in a blender or food processor. In a small bowl, dissolve the cornstarch in the liqueur or water. Place the pureed berries and the cornstarch mixture in a small saucepan and heat over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the mixture thickens slightly and the milky color has disappeared. Pour into a serving bowl or fondue pot. Serve with fondue forks or metal or wooden skewers so that diners can dip their choice of fruit or cake into the sauce., ingredients: [2 to 3 cups fresh berries or 2 10ounce packages frozen berries, for serving, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 4 tablespoons liqueur of choice, or water, A variety of fruits apples, pears, melons, figs, strawberries, cut into bitesized pieces, Pound cake, angel food cake, small cookies, etc., for serving.], title: Fruit Fondue, picturelink: null}, 19642: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Slice off about u00bc inch from the top of the garlic. Place on a sheet of foil and drizzle with olive oil. Wrap in the foil, place on a baking sheet and roast until the garlic is soft, 50 to 60 minutes. Meanwhile, spread 1 cup parmesan in a thin layer on a baking sheet use a silicone mat if you have one sprinkle with the chopped rosemary. Bake until golden and bubbling, 5 to 6 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet.nMeanwhile, rinse the potatoes well with cold water to get rid of any excess starch. Transfer the potatoes to a saucepan cover with cold water by 1 inch, season generously with salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, uncovered, until the potatoes are very tender but not falling apart, about 30 minutes.nLet the garlic cool slightly, then unwrap and squeeze the cloves out of the skins into a small saucepan. Add the milk and rosemary sprig. Heat over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until hot but not boiling. Reduce the heat to low and keep warm.nDrain the potatoes and return to the pot over low heat cook until any excess water evaporates, about 2 minutes. Strain the milk mixture into the pot with the potatoes, pressing on the solids. Add the butter, olive oil and 2 teaspoons salt and mash well with a potato masher. Fold in the mascarpone and the remaining 14 cup parmesan.nTransfer the potatoes to a bowl crumble the crispy parmesan on top before serving.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 head garlic, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 14 cups grated parmesan cheese about 4 ounces, 1 sprig rosemary, plus 1 teaspoon chopped leaves, 2 12 pounds russet potatoes 4 to 5 medium, peeled and cut into large chunks, Kosher salt, 12 cup milk, 1 stick salted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 12 cup mascarpone cheese], title: Roasted GarlicParmesan Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: YgR72NjuEnlBVH088Kb5.lD9x6fWu}, 19643: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and grease and flour two 9inch round cake pans.nIn a big bowl, mix the flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Whisk in the coffee, cocoa powder, and 12 cup water and heat it for a minute, stirring constantly. Pour the melted butter mixture into the flour mixture and whisk until well combined.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the eggs, buttermilk, and vanilla. Add it to the batter and mix until smooth.nDivide the batter between the two cake pans, scraping all the batter from the bowl with a rubber spatula. Bake for about 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Let cool for 15 minutes in the pans and then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely.nFrost with buttercream frostingnIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine all the ingredients. Whip the mixture on low speed for a while. When the sugar is incorporated, turn the mixer speed up and whip until the buttercream is smooth and looks right to you. If its too cold, persuade it with a blowtorch if you have one. If its too wet, add a bit more powdered sugar. If its too stiff, add a bit more butter. Be sure to scrape the sides of the bowl once or twice to make sure everything is combined.nUse immediately or store in an airtight container at room temperature for 24 hours or in the fridge for up to 2 weeks. Rewhip cold buttercream before using it.nVariation: The watercoffee combo in this recipe can be switched up, but remember, coffee is to chocolate like salt is to beef. Coffee brings out the flavor of chocolate without making it taste like coffee, just as salt brings out the flavor of meat without making it taste salty. The liquid you use can be all water, or it can be a full cup of coffee for more of a mochaflavored cake. And if youre feeling really bold, go ahead and use a cup of a dark stout beer instead. Get creative and experiment a little u2014 after all, it is a science project., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 sticks 1 cup butter, 12 cup brewed coffee, 13 cup unsweetened natural cocoa powder, 3 extralarge eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, 4 sticks 1 pound butter, softened, 6 cups powdered sugar, 1 to 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract or any other flavor you want, or none, Pinch of kosher salt, 14 cup whole milk], title: Chocolate Cake with American Buttercream Frosting, picturelink: PiVCAITyHgeS1MTCEQwDHGY1Mb2ezC6}, 19644: {instructions: Prepare your favorite brownie batter and divide among greased minimuffin cups. Press a raspberry or sliced strawberry into the batter bake 1518 minutes at 340 degrees F., ingredients: [], title: Berry Brownies, picturelink: dvGTo250LMCXDnlimm3AUth4I1pNql.}, 19645: {instructions: For the relish:nCombine all of the ingredients in a small bowl. Cover and chill until needed.nFor the mayonnaise:nCombine the saffron threads and lemon juice in a small bowl and set aside to soak for 20 minutes to l hour.nTransfer the soaked saffron to a blender. Add the mayonnaise and blend until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover with plastic wrap and chill until serving time.nFor the patties:nSpread the red snapper and shrimp evenly over the bottom of a large glass baking dish. Wearing kitchen gloves, or using a fork, gently mix in the egg whites, thyme, salt and pepper combine together well. Mix in enough panko to bind the ingredients together and form into 6 equal patties to fit the slices of bread. Cover with plastic wrap and chill until needed, at least 30 minutes.nPrepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh.nWhen the grill is ready, generously brush the grill rack with canola oil. Lightly brush both sides of each slice of bread with olive oil. Place the bread slices on the outer edges of the grill rack to toast lightly, turning once with tongs set aside. Place the patties on thenmiddle of the grill rack, cover, and cook for 3 12 to 4 minutes, turning once with a large spatula, until the patties are just cooked through do not overcook.nTo assemble the burgers, spread about l tablespoon of the mayonnaise evenly over 1 side of each toast. Place a patty on 6 of the mayonnaisecoated toasts. Using a slotted spoon, evenly top each patty with the tomatofennel relish. Add the toast tops, mayonnaise side down., ingredients: [23 cup seeded and finely chopped firm ripe plum or vineripened tomatoes, 13 cup finely chopped fennel, 3 tablespoons finely chopped sweet onion, 12 teaspoon grated fresh lemon zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 34 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon garlic flavored olive oil, 18 teaspoon kosher salt 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon saffron threads, 34 cup good quality mayonnaise, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch freshly grounded black pepper, 1 34 pounds skinless, boneless red snapper fillets or any other firmtextured white lean fish, coarsely ground in small batches in a food processor or chopped into about 14inch pieces by hand, 34 pound peeled and deveined large raw shrimp, cut into about 14inch pieces, 5 egg whites, 1 14 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 to 1 13 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, or as needed, Canola oil, for brushing on the grill rack recommended: Colavita All Natural, 12 slices, about 12 to 34inchthick, French bread, cut from center of 1 loaf or 2 loaves, Garlicflavored olive oil, for brushing on both sides of bread slices], title: Bouillabaisse Burgers with TomatoFennel Relish and Saffron Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 19646: {instructions: For the pepper jelly: Mix together the apple jelly, green pepper, red pepper, jalapeno, parsley, onion and cilantro in a small bowl. Let set at least 1 hour to infuse the flavors.nFor the fritters: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the lobster and scallops with the olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet and roast for 5 minutes to parcook. Chop the lobster and dice the scallops.nMix together the allpurpose flour, semolina flour, baking powder, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Add the eggs, green onion, red onion, clam juice, beer, jalapeno, lobster and scallops and mix to combine. Let stand for 5 minutesnHeat 1 inch of vegetable or canola oil in a frying pan over medium high to about 350 degrees F. Scoop the mixture in 1tablespoon portions into the frying pan and cook until golden brown, being careful not to overcrowd the pan carefully turn the fritters if necessary.nDrain on paper towels and serve with the pepper jelly on the side., ingredients: [One 6ounce jar apple jelly, 12 green bell pepper, finely diced, 12 red bell pepper, finely diced, 12 large jalapeno, finely diced, 14 cup finely diced fresh parsley, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 4 ounces Florida lobster meat, 4 ounces sea scallops, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup semolina flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 2 large eggs, 12 cup chopped green onion, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 14 cup clam juice, 14 cup lager beer, 1 teaspoon chopped jalapeno, Vegetable or canola oil, for frying], title: Florida Lobster and Sea Scallop Fritters, picturelink: null}, 19647: {instructions: For the onions: Heat a skillet over mediumlow heat and add the butter. Heat until the butter starts to foam, then add the onions and season with salt and pepper. Add thyme and bay leaf, and cook to caramelize the onions, about 30 minutes.nDeglaze the onions with the sherry and then add the stock. Reduce until just a few spoonfuls of stock remain, then keep warm.nFor the sauce: In saucepot, warm the milk. In another pan, melt the butter over medium to mediumhigh heat and whisk in the flour and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the warm milk, bring to a bubble, and then season with salt, pepper and some nutmeg. Cook to thicken the sauce until it coats the back of a spoon, then remove from the heat and stir in the mustard.nFor the salad: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard and honey, and then drizzle in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add the endive, frisee and radicchio and toss to coat.nFor the sandwiches: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Arrange the bread on a baking sheet and top each with some caramelized onions, 2 slices ham, some bechamel and cheese. Bake the sandwiches until brown and bubbly, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a large saucepan set over medium heat, add some butter and cook the eggs sunnyside up or over easy. Top the sandwiches with an egg and serve with some salad., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 3 large onions, very thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 cup veal or beef stock, 2 cups whole milk, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 round tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Drizzle acacia honey, 14 cup goodquality olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 green endive, sliced, 1 head frisee, pulled apart, 1 head radicchio, thinly sliced, 4 long, 12inchthick slices peasant bread, 8 slices mild imported cooked ham or prosciutto cotto, 2 cups shredded gruyere cheese, Butter, 4 large eggs], title: French Onion Croque Madame, picturelink: nTIUUlXy8tqwEhaTL9DWPYDT4RjIaBO}, 19648: {instructions: Whisk together all the marinade ingredients in a small bowl. Arrange the vegetables in a shallow dish or plastic container, pour the marinade over them, cover, and refrigerate for 2 hours.nPrepare a grill. Grill the vegetables 6 inches from the heat source until they are tender, brushing them with the leftover marinade as they cook. Cooking times will vary according to the vegetable., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh oregano leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 pounds assorted vegetables bell peppers, zucchini, eggplant, tomatoes, asparagus, potatoes, fennel, onions cleaned and if necessary cut or skewered], title: Herb Marinated Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 19649: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the brine: In a large saucepan, combine the water, vanilla beans and seeds, cinnamon sticks, cloves, and black peppercorns. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the sugar and salt stir to dissolve. Turn off the heat, and then cool to room temperature this can take an hour or so put it in the fridge to hasten the process. Alternatively, you can boil only 4 cups of water and then add 5 cups of ice cubes.nWhen cool, pour the brining solution into a container large enough for the pork and the solution, such as a disposable aluminum roasting pan. Cover and refrigerate overnight or up to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPull the pork out of the brine and pat dry with paper towels. Warm the oil in a large, ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat until nearly smoking. Add the pork to the pan and brown on all sides, about 15 minutes. Remove to a plate.nAdd 2 tablespoons butter to the pan and reduce the heat to medium. Add the apples and celeriac. Season with salt and saute until golden brown. Deglaze with vinegar and 1 cup cider, scraping up any brown bits. Stir in the brown sugar.nNestle the pork loin in the apples and celeriac and pour enough cider into the pan to keep things from burning on the bottom of the pan, about 1 cup. Transfer the pan to the oven. Roast until a meat thermometer inserted in the center of the loin reads 145 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Transfer the pork to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes before carving pork will continue to cook as it rests.nMeanwhile, return the pan to the stove over medium heat. Finish the sauce by adding in more cider if the pan is too dry. Stir in the remaining butter and the vanilla and black pepper. Taste for seasoning and readjust, if necessary.nSlice the pork into 12inch thick slices. Arrange on the platter with the apples and celeriac. Drizzle the sauce over the meat., ingredients: [9 cups water, 2 vanilla beans, split and seeds scraped out, 2 2inch cinnamon sticks, 5 whole cloves, 14 cup black peppercorns, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup kosher salt, 1 2 12 to 3pound boneless pork loin, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup butter, divided, 3 medium Granny Smith apples, cored and sliced into 12inch wedges, 1 celeriac celery root, skin and roots sliced off, sliced into 12inch slices, Kosher salt, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 cups apple cider, divided, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 to 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Vanilla and Black Pepper Pork Loin, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 19650: {instructions: For the Picadillo:nHeat oil in a medium sized heavy saute or frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Add ground beef and stir for 3 to 5 minutes until the color of the beef is brown and pink. Add recaito and stir. Lower flame to medium, add garlic and salt and pepper. Stir in the tomato sauce, oregano and olives and let simmer for 10 to 15 minutes. Store in the refrigerator until ready to use., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil, 12 pound ground beef needs some fat, 13 cup recaito cilantrobased seasoning sauce, 2 cloves fresh, peeled and crushed garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup tomato sauce, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 cup small Spanish olives with pimento], title: Picadillo, picturelink: null}, 19651: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the croutons: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nCut the bread into 1inch cubes and arrange on a baking sheet. Drizzle the cubes with the olive oil and toss to coat. Put the pan in the oven to slightly crisp stale the bread without toasting it, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove and allow to cool.nFor the dressing: In a small jar, shake together the olive oil, vinegar, salt and pepper.nFor the salad: In a large bowl, combine the tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and bread cubes. Pour the dressing over the salad ingredients, tossing gently. Add the sliced basil and Parmesan shavings and toss again. Sprinkle with more salt and pepper and serve garnished with whole basil leaves., ingredients: [1 loaf very crusty Italian bread, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 assorted tomatoes heirlooms, etc., cut into wedges, 1 cucumber, halved, seeded and cut into wedges, 12 red onion, cut into wedges, 20 to 25 fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, plus whole leaves, for serving, Parmesan shavings, for topping, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Panzanella, picturelink: 3pyVOrz1YUMy0QEWLumQTvRN99MO0QC}, 19652: {instructions: In a bowl, cover the beans with water, and soak overnight in a cool or refrigerated place. After draining the beans, peel off the outer skins.nIn the bowl of a food processor, pulse the beans until the are finely ground. Turn the mixture out into a bowl.nIn the bowl of the same food processor, put the onion, garlic, and scallions process until finely chopped. Add onion mixture to beans, and add the rest of the spices. Put the mixture into the refrigerator for 12 hour.nHeat the oil to 350 degrees F, using a  40 ice cream scooper or a tablespoon, drop the mixture into the oil, and fry until golden brown. Drain on paper towels or brown paper bags.nServe with Cilantro Yogurt Sauce.nPut the yogurt, cilantro, cucumber, garlic, lime juice, and sugar in a bowl and mix to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put mixture into the refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pound dried blackeye peas, picked through and rinsed, 1 medium onion, minced, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 6 scallions, chopped, 12 cup chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon cayenne powder, 1 to 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, Cilantro Yogurt Sauce, for dipping, recipe follows, 1 cup plain yogurt, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 1 cup grated and squeezed cucumber, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt, Pepper], title: BlackEye Pea Fritter, picturelink: null}, 19653: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a large pot with enough water to cover the eggs, then bring to a boil. Using a slotted spoon gently lower the eggs into the boiling water. Cover and let simmer for 10 minutes. Remove the eggs from the heat and run under cold water until completely cooled.nPeel the eggs, cut in half and scoop out the yolks into a medium bowl. Add the mayo, mustard, pickles, pickle juice, sugar, vinegar, hot sauce and salt and pepper to taste, and mix with a fork until well combined.nUsing a small spoon, fill each egg white half with a generous teaspoon of filling. Lightly sprinkle with paprika to garnish., ingredients: [1 dozen eggs, 14 cup mayo, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, 2 teaspoons chopped pickles, 1 teaspoon pickle juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, Hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Salt and black pepper, Paprika, for sprinkling], title: Deviled Eggs, picturelink: hX2dZb54fCYLuojrH8DxLxWnsv4Bsg6}, 19654: {instructions: Add the flour directly into the container with the full batch of roomtemperature, batterlike ripe chef. Stir vigorously to add fresh oxygen to the mixture. This will form a stiff consistency more like a stiff dough than a batter. This firm texture is important for ripening levain, because a dense rather than loose levain creates delicious sour bread without an overpowering tangy bite. Scrape down the sides, cover tightly and let stand in a cool to moderate about 70 degrees draftfree place for 8 to 10 hours.nThe levain should have doubled in volume. The texture will be somewhat light, with many tiny bubbles throughout. Do not let the levain stand for longer than 10 hours, or the yeast will become exhausted and not raise the final dough. Learn more about the levain starter, including how to maintain and nourish the chef, in Dan Lieders book Bread Alone., ingredients: [1 14 cups 20percent bran wheat flour, 1 full batch of chef], title: Levain Starter, picturelink: null}, 19655: {instructions: Special equipment: Cylinder moldsnDebone the venison saddle by following the bones carefully. Trim the membrane and nerve from venison loin, and reserve the loin for roasting. Reserve the bones chop them up and trimmings for the sauce poivrade. Reserve the tenderloins for another use.nTo make the sauce poivrade: In a large bowl, combine the reserved chopped bones and trimmings, wine, vinegar, onion, carrot, celery, garlic, thyme, bay leaf, peppercorns, and juniper berries. Let the bones marinate for at least 24 hours. Strain the marinade through a colander into a mixing bowl, reserving both the marinade and bones and vegetables. Let the marinade stand for about 5 minutes. Separate the bones from the vegetables. Heat the olive oil in a saucepan over high heat. Add the bones from the marinade and cook until theyve caramelized, about 10 minutes. Add the vegetables from the marinade. Cook to develop a nice brown color, another 10 minutes. Add sugar to the pan and let caramelize. Pour in the wine marinade and stir and scrape the pan drippings to deglaze. Boil and let reduce by twothirds. Add enough veal stock to cover. Simmer for 25 to 30 minutes, skimming the surface often. Strain through a fine chinois into a saucepan. Simmer and skim. Let the sauce reduce until a coating consistency is achieved. If desired, add the cream to finish the sauce.nTo make the roasted venison: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a large pan or roasting pan, heat the olive oil on medium heat. When hot, sear each side of the venison loin until a light color is achieved. Roast the venison for about 8 to 10 minutes. Let rest for about 5 minutes and slice into medallions.nTo make the parsnip puree: Boil the parsnip in boiling water until its tender. Strain. Add the butter, cream, salt, and pepper. Puree in a food possessor.nTo serve: In a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, heat the olive oil and add the shallots. Stir and cook for 1 minute. Add the mustard greens, if using, along with 2 cups each of the cooked farro and quinoa. Stir to combine and heat through. Add the pumpkin soup to bind the mixture. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place the mixture in the individual molds and pack to tighten. Place the molds on each plate and push through to position in desired location. Place 2 medallions of venison on each plate, along with the parsnip puree and grains. Add the released juices from the meat to the sauce poivrade and bring to a boil. Sauce the venison and serve.nBring the water and salt to a boil in a large heavybottomed pot. Add the quinoa. Reduce the heat and simmer until the quinoa opens up revealing a little spiral and is soft and pleasant to chew, about 20 minutes. If there is any remaining liquid, drain it. Drizzle the quinoa with a few splashes of olive oil and set aside.nMelt the butter with the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute for 1 minute. Add the farro and cook for 2 minutes to toast, and then add the wine. Simmer, stirring frequently, until almost all the liquid evaporates, about 5 minutes. Add the carrots and then the chicken broth, 1 cup at a time, stirring frequently and simmering until the liquid is absorbed and the farro is just tender, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside., ingredients: [1 saddle of venison, 1 bottle syrah red wine, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 large onion, peeled and diced, 1 carrot, peeled and diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 clove garlic, 1 bunch thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 6 juniper berries, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup sugar, Veal or beef stock, to cover, 2 teaspoons heavy cream, optional, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 cups largediced parsnip, 1 teaspoon butter, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 cup mixed mustard greens, optional, 2 tablespoons pumpkin soup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grains, recipe follows, 4 scant cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups white quinoa, rinsed well, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup chopped shallots, 1 cup farro, 23 cup dry white wine, 13 cup smalldiced carrots, 4 cups low salt chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Venison Loin, Grains, Parsnip Puree, Sauce Poivrade, picturelink: null}, 19656: {instructions: Cook pasta in boiling water with bouillon cubes for flavor. Add salt to water if omitting bouillon. Cook until al dente.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in saute pan, add onions and then garlic. Add cauliflower or other vegetables in pantry, for 2 to 3 minutes. Salt and pepper to taste. Add your tomatoes and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Add half and half or milk, grated cheese and red pepper flakes to taste and simmer for 45 minutes. Adjust seasonings. Ladle over pasta or toss together and serve, ingredients: [2 pound, or 8 ounces, fusilli, spaghetti, or linguini, 1 to 2 chicken or beef bouillon cubes, optional, 1 16ounce can tomatoes or 3 to 4 fresh tomatoes, chopped, 12 to 34 cup half and half or milk, 18 to 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 large onion, sliced, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Pinch of red pepper flakes, Oil, Vegetables in pantry, cut into bit size pieces, we used cauliflower], title: Pantry Pasta, picturelink: null}, 19657: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Into a bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, and the salt and add 1 14 cups of the cream. Stir the mixture until it just forms a dough and gather the dough into a ball. On a lightly floured surface knead the dough gently 6 times and pat it out 12 inch thick. Cut out as many rounds as possible with a 3inch round cutter dipped in flour and invert the rounds onto a lightly greased baking sheet. Gather the scraps, pat out the dough, and cut out more rounds in the same manner until there are 8 rounds in all. Brush the tops of the rounds with the additional cream, bake the biscuits in the middle of the oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until they are pale golden, and transfer them to a rack. Serve the biscuits at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups White Lily or allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon doubleacting baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups heavy cream plus additional for brushing the biscuits], title: Cream Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 19658: {instructions: Place raisins in a small dish. Add wine and set aside.nPlace chicken between 2 sheets plastic wrap and pound to 14inch thickness. Sprinkle chicken with 1 teaspoon of the salt and 12 teaspoon of the pepper dredge in flour.nHeat oil in a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat. When oil is hot, add chicken and cook until browned on both sides, about 10 minutes total. Remove chicken and add onion and garlic to pan. Saute for about 2 minutes then add oregano, remaining salt and pepper, sugar and vinegar. Stir in tomatoes, capers and olives. Add raisins to sauce and stir in chicken broth cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Return chicken to pan and heat through.nArrange chicken and sauce on serving platter and sprinkle with chopped parsley. Garnish with tomato roses., ingredients: [2 tablespoons raisins, 12 cup dry white wine, 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, 1 12 teaspoons salt, divided, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, divided, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 small onion, finely diced, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 small ripe tomatoes, skinned, seeded, and chopped skin reserved for garnish, 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed, 2 Sicilian green olives, pitted and chopped, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish, Tomato skin made into 4 rose flowers, for garnish], title: Sicilian Sweet and Sour Chicken, picturelink: XDJcKHy8Q4ulahbRWo90ydzV51EbUC}, 19659: {instructions: In a food processor blend together the garlic, mayonnaise and lemon juice. Remove to a small serving bowl and stir in the chives.nFor the roasted garlic dipping sauce: Heat a castiron grill pan.nAdd the garlic, rosemary, olive oil, lemon juice, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper together in a large bowl. Add the shrimp and toss to coat. Let the shrimp sit at room temperature 15 minutes.nFor the grilled rosemary shrimp: Skewer the shrimp on the bamboo skewers, about 3 per skewer. Grill the shrimp until cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side. Place the skewers on the platter and garnish with rosemary sprigs. Serve the shrimp with the roasted garlic dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 head roasted garlic, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced fresh chives, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, plus more for garnish, 13 cup olive oil, 12 lemon, juiced, Pinch of red pepper flakes, Pinch of salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound extralarge shrimp 16 to 20 shrimp to the pound, peeled and deveined, Bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes], title: Grilled Rosemary Shrimp Skewers, picturelink: fj3LuaEBaNWaixjJ0bRr1WdKdRzsr7u}, 19660: {instructions: Steam the asparagus for about 5 minutes, until tender. Toss with butter and salt., ingredients: [2 pounds asparagus, trimmed and peeled, 4 tablespoons butter, Salt], title: Asparagus au Beurre, picturelink: null}, 19661: {instructions: Cut the chicken into 2inch pieces and season with salt and pepper.nPreheat a deep pot of oil or a deep fryer to 365 degrees F.nBread the chicken pieces by first dredging in flour, then dipping in eggs, and lastly, rolling in bread crumbs or panko. Deepfry in oil until done and golden in color. Drain off excess oil. Season with salt and squeeze fresh lemon juice.nSkewer each piece in a rosemary sprig. Arrange in a serving platter, serve with Lemon Rosemary Butter Dipping Sauce, and garnish with lemon wedges.nIn a small saucepan, heat the butter and rosemary just until warm. Allow to cool for a few minutes. Strain into a sauce bowl. Stir in lemon juice., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken breasts and thighs, boneless and skinless, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for deepfrying, 2 cups flour, 3 eggs, beaten, 2 cups bread crumbs or ground panko, Lemon juice, Rosemary sprigs, about 6 inches long, remove leaves from the lower half of the stem, Lemon Rosemary Butter Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, Lemon wedges, 4 ounces clarified butter, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Viennese Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 19662: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line one 12cup standard muffin tin with cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, baking powder and 34 teaspoon of the salt.nBeat together the butter and 1 cup of the sugar with an electric mixer until pale and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the egg, yolk, zest and 1 12 teaspoons of the vanilla. Reduce the speed to low and add the flour mixture in three additions alternating with the milk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Divide the batter among the muffin cups and bake until a tester inserted in the middle of the cakes come out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool the cakes for 10 minutes in the tin, and then remove and cool completely on a rack.nPut the lemon curd in a piping bag fitted with a 18inchround pastry tip. Insert the tip into the center of each cupcake and pipe in equal amounts of curd.nCombine the egg whites, corn syrup, the remaining 12 cup sugar, the remaining 1 teaspoon vanilla and the remaining pinch of salt in a metal bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water. Beat with an electric mixer until thick and fluffy, about 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and beat until the frosting is slightly cooled, about 2 minutes longer.nMound the frosting on top of the cupcakes. If desired, use a kitchen torch to brown the frosting and garnish with a lemon candy., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon plus 1 pinch fine salt, 1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup milk, 12 cup storebought lemon curd, 2 large egg whites, 14 cup light corn syrup, Lemon jelly beans, for garnish, if desired], title: Lemony Cupcakes, picturelink: RPLiWGhGfFraRt4GZSyg97lzBChTIO}, 19663: {instructions: Special equipment: nonstick foilnPreheat an oven to 350 degrees F. Line a quarter baking sheet with nonstick foil, then generously oil the bottom and sides of the pan with oil. Set aside.nBeat the egg whites, cream of tartar and salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer on high speed until the mixture becomes shiny and stiff peaks form, about 2 minutes. Beat together the egg yolks, garlic, cream cheese and agave nectar in a separate large bowl on medium speed until completely combined and smooth, 2 to 3 minutes the mixture may appear broken but it will come together after a few minutes. Gently fold the egg whites into the egg yolk mixture until combined, making sure not to deflate the egg whites and keeping the mixture as light and airy as possible.nPour the batter into the prepared baking sheet and top with the sliced tomato. Bake, rotating the pan halfway through, until the top is deep golden brown and the bread bounces back when touched, about 20 minutes. See Cooks Note.nCool completely on a wire rack and store in an airtight container overnight. Before serving, drizzle with oil and sprinkle with flaky sea salt, the basil leaves and grated Parmesan cut into squares., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for oiling the pan and drizzling, 6 large eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cloves garlic, finely grated, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon light agave nectar, 1 plum tomato, thinly sliced, Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling, Handful of torn fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Focaccia Cloud Bread, picturelink: null}, 19664: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine the rosemary leaves, garlic, crushed red pepper and enough olive oil to make a loose paste. Slather the steaks with the mixture and sprinkle them generously with salt. Let the steaks hang out outside the fridge to come to room temperature.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh. Use a wire grill brush to loosen any crud and soot. Wipe the grill down with an oiled side towel to pick up any bits of loosened crud.nPut the steaks on a hot spot on the grill to get a great sear and really create BROWN FOOD Once both sides of the steak are really nice and brown, move the steak to a cooler part of the grill to allow the steaks to cook to desired temperature. About 5 to 6 minutes on each side for mediumrare.nRemove the steaks from the grill and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes.nCut the steak off the bone, slice across the grain and divide among 4 serving plates. Drizzle the steak with a little big fat finishing oil and a sprinkling of sea salt., ingredients: [3 sprigs rosemary, leaves picked and finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Extravirgin olive oil, plus high quality finishing oil, for garnish, 2 20ounce porterhouse steaks or other large steaks with a bone, Kosher salt, plus coarse sea salt, for garnish], title: Grilled Steak with Rosemary and Garlic, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 19665: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the steaks: On a plate, sprinkle the steaks on both sides with salt and pepper, and drizzle with the olive oil. Lay out enough plastic wrap to cover each steak. Tightly wrap the steaks individually with a piece of rosemary on both sides of each steak. Rest at room temperature 2 hours.nFor the butter: In the meantime, in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, melt the butter together with the paprika and 1 teaspoon salt. Stir to dissolve the salt, then add the rosemary and garlic. Continue cooking on low until the butter is fragrant, 10 to 12 minutes. If the butter begins to brown, turn the heat down. Remove from the heat, discard the rosemary and skim off any foam. Pour into a container and refrigerate until solid.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to high heat. Remove the steaks from the plastic wrap and discard the rosemary. Place the steaks on the grill and cook until the internal temperature reaches 125 degrees F, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer the steaks to a serving platter and top each with a generous scoop of the compound butter. Loosely cover the steaks with a foil tent and allow to rest for 10 minutes, so the carryover cooking brings the final internal temperature up to 130 degrees F medium rare, closer to rare before serving., ingredients: [Four 1 12inchthick, bonein rib eye steaks, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, cut in half, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp or finely minced], title: Sunnys Smoky Rosemary Grilled Steak, picturelink: RHdTeUfox2ccibFR7dxphnPUyNfY5V6}, 19666: {instructions: Make the broth: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Toss the beef shanks, onions, ginger and garlic with the vegetable oil on a rimmed baking sheet and season generously with salt. Roast, turning once halfway through, until the meat and vegetables are slightly charred, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a large pot.nMeanwhile, toast the cinnamon sticks, star anise pods and peppercorns in a small skillet over medium heat, shaking the pan, 5 minutes.nAdd the beef broth, 2 quarts water, the toasted spices and the fish sauce to the pot with the beef shanks. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Cook, skimming off any foam that rises to the top, until the meat is tender, 1 hour to 1 hour, 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer the beef shanks to a cutting board strain the broth through a finemesh sieve into another large pot. The broth can be made up to 2 days ahead let cool, then refrigerate in a covered container.nShred the meat from the shanks with two forks, discarding any bits of cartilage, then stir back into the broth. Discard the bones.nCook the noodles as the label directs. Divide the broth and shredded meat among bowls, then add the noodles and roast beef. Top with the bean sprouts, basil, jalapenos and red onion serve with hoisin sauce andor Sriracha.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 beef shanks with meat on them about 2 14 pounds total, 3 large yellow onions, halved, 1 6inch piece ginger, halved lengthwise, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 2 cinnamon sticks, 4 star anise pods, 3 tablespoons black peppercorns, 3 quarts lowsodium beef broth, 13 cup fish sauce, 1 pound flat rice noodles, 8 ounces delisliced roast beef, torn into pieces, 4 cups bean sprouts, 1 large bunch Thai basil or mint, leaves torn, 2 jalapeno peppers red andor green, thinly sliced, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced, Hoisin sauce andor Sriracha Asian chile sauce, for serving], title: Beef Pho, picturelink: rHme2yXxYd1WdnqM6WPlXfE.k7rom}, 19667: {instructions: In a large pot or Dutch oven such as Le Creuset, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook over mediumlow heat for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until golden brown. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Stir in the chicken stock, tomatoes, saffron, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Bring the soup to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, fill a medium pot with water, add 2 teaspoons salt and bring to a boil. Add the orzo and cook for 7 minutes. It will finish cooking in the soup. Drain the orzo and add it to the soup. Stir in the cream, return the soup to a simmer and cook for 10 more minutes, stirring frequently.nServe hot with Grilled Cheese Croutons scattered on top.nHeat a panini grill. Place the four slices of bread on a cutting board and brush lightly with the melted butter, being sure to butter the corners. Turn the slices over and pile Gruyere on two of the slices. Place the remaining two slices of bread on top of the Gruyere, buttered sides up.nGrill the sandwiches on the panini grill for about 5 minutes, until nicely browned. Place on a cutting board, allow to rest for 1 minute and cut into 1inch cubes.nPhotographs by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [3 tablespoons good olive oil, 3 cups yellow onions, chopped 2 onions, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, Large pinch of saffron threads, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup orzo, 12 cup heavy cream, Grilled Cheese Croutons, recipe follows, 4 12inchthick slices country white bread, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated], title: Easy Tomato Soup and Grilled Cheese Croutons, picturelink: sTyxLPG3frRRVyprnbasjzp5FQBeXvG}, 19668: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a skillet over medium high heat. Drizzle the chicken breast with 12 of the oil, and then season the breast with a good crust of salt and pepper. Put chicken in the pan skin side down, then add the herbs, and garlic. When the skin has a nice golden color turn it over, and put in a preheated oven for 8 minutes or until juice runs clear., ingredients: [2 plump chicken breasts, skin on, 3 tablespoons olive oil, halved, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 6 garlic cloves], title: Pan Seared Chicken Breast, picturelink: null}, 19669: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCoat tenderloins in steak seasoning or season with salt and pepper. Combine brown sugar and 5 spice powder. Rub sugar and spice over pork. Brush baking dish or broiler pan with oil. Place pork in oven and bake 10 minutes. Combine barbecue sauce with orange zest and juice and sesame oil. Baste meat liberally with sauce and roast meat 15 minutes longer. Remove meat from oven and transfer to a serving platter. Coat meat with sesame and cilantro or chives for color.nCombine mangoes, bell pepper, jalapeno, onion, lime and basil in a bowl. Season with salt, to your taste.nTo make Frankie wraps, heat a nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Beat eggs with water and scallions. Drizzle 1 teaspoon oil into hot skillet and pour in a little of the egg mixture. Add 1 tortilla, cook 30 seconds, then flip. Cook 15 seconds, then flip tortilla back and cook 15 seconds longer. Remove Frankie wrap from the pan and repeat with remaining ingredients. Pile tortillas in foil to keep warm.nTo assemble, thinly slice tenderloins and pile meat and salsa at the edge of a Frankie wrap. Tuck up bottoms and edges and roll., ingredients: [2 to 2 12 pounds pork tenderloins, trimmed of fat, Steak seasoning blend or salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons Chinese 5 spice powder found in spice section or Asian foods section, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 13 cup Hoisin prepared Chinese barbecue sauce, 1 navel orange, zested and juiced, 1 teaspoon dark sesame oil, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds, for garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro or chives, for garnish, 2 ripe mangoes, peeled and pitted, diced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 ripe lime, juiced, 20 leaves basil, shredded, Coarse salt, 3 eggs, beaten, 14 cup water, eyeball it, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon per wrap, 10 flour tortillas, 8 inches], title: Asian 5 Spice Barbecued Pork Tenderloins with Mango Citrus Salsa and Scallion Frankie Wraps, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 19670: {instructions: Melt sugar and water in a small saucepan. Stir in pecans. Toast 2 minutes. Place on a sheet in 350 degree oven for 7 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons water, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 12 cups pecans], title: Flavored Nuts, picturelink: null}, 19671: {instructions: To make the vinaigrette, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, honey, sesame seeds, garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil. Set aside.nTo make the curried cashews, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a baking sheet, toast the cashews until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the melted butter, rosemary, curry powder, brown sugar, salt, and cayenne in a bowl. Add the toasted cashews while they are still hot and toss with a rubber spatula so they are thoroughly coated with the spices and butter. Leave the oven on to cook the bacon.nPut the bacon on a baking sheet, place it in the oven, and cook until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the bacon from the pan and cut the slices into 1inch pieces. Keep the bacon warm.nIn a large bowl, combine the spinach, frisee, red onions, and sliced pears. Toss with enough vinaigrette to coat everything well.nDivide the salad among 6 plates. Garnish each salad with pieces of warm bacon and spiced cashews. Set a grape cluster on the side of each salad.nThe bacon can be cooked ahead, stored in the refrigerator, and reheated. The cashews can be cooked early in the day and stored at room temperature. The vinaigrette can be stored refrigerated, tightly covered, for several days., ingredients: [3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup vegetable or peanut oil, 34 cup cashews about 3 ounces, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne, or more, to taste, 12 pound bacon, sliced about twelve 14inchthick slices, 12 cups loosely packed spinach leaves, washed well, dried, stems trimmed and torn into pieces if leaves are large, 6 cups loosely packed frisee, stems trimmed, washed, dried, and torn into bitesize pieces, 23 cup thinly sliced red onions, 3 small pears, halved, cored, and thinly sliced, 6 small bunches grape], title: Spinach, Pear, and Frisee Salad with Curried Cashews, picturelink: null}, 19672: {instructions: Add the hot pepper flakes to a small bowl and mix with the honey. Serve with the Pecorino., ingredients: [Pinch red pepper flakes, 14 cup good quality organic honey, 8 ounces dry Pecorino, sliced into fingersize bites recommended: Sardo or Pienza], title: Pecorino and Honey Dip, picturelink: null}, 19673: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and 1 cup of sugar until they are just combined. Add the vanilla. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour and salt then add them to the butterandsugar mixture. Mix on low speed until the dough starts to come together. Dump onto a surface dusted with flour and roll shape into a flat disk. Wrap in plastic and chill for 30 minutes.nRoll the dough 12inch thick and cut with a 3inch heartshaped cutter. Place the hearts on an ungreased sheet pan and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the edges begin to brown. Allow to cool to room temperature.nNote: The edges of the shortbread are ever so slightly sharper if you chill the cookies before baking them. I cut out the cookies days ahead and bake them the day I serve them., ingredients: [34 pound unsalted butter at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, plus extra for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 12 cups flour, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Shortbread Hearts, picturelink: YMaGmekpv2vUBE95Jb2Bi1ANsxkiny}, 19674: {instructions: Scrape the corn kernels into a bowl. Place the cobs and herb bundle in a pot with the stock and add about 3 cups of water, then bring to a low simmer.nIn another pot, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat, add the bacon and cook to render the fat. Add the garlic, onions and bay leaf, then cook to very tender, stirring frequently, 10 minutes. Add the corn kernels and stir in the chipotle puree.nLadle 1 cup of the hot stock over the masa, stir and let stand to thicken.nRemove the cobs and herb bundle from the corn stock and add it to the soup pot. Stir in the thickened masa paste, cream and green chiles. Add the Buttermilk Brined Turkey Breast and bring the soup to a bubble. Cook to thicken to your desired consistency, then season with salt and pepper.nFor extra thick chowder, puree half of the corn kernels before adding to the soup.nPlace the buttermilk, Sriracha, salt, peppercorns, garlic, lemon, chives, dill and parsley in a doublebagged 2 12gallon plastic resealable bag. Add the turkey breasts and refrigerate on the bottom shelf of the fridge overnight.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nArrange a metal rack over or in a rimmed baking sheet and rub the rack with oil. Remove the turkey breasts from the brine and pat them dry. Arrange the breasts on the prepared baking rack and coat the skin with a little oil, sprinkle with poultry seasoning and cook until a thermometer reads 165 degrees F and the skin is light to medium golden brown, 45 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [5 ears corn on the cob, 4 cups chicken stock, Herb bundle of parsley, dill and thyme, 1 tablespoon olive or canola oil, 6 slices goodquality bacon, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 onions, chopped, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 2 tablespoons chipotle in adobo, pureed, 12 cup masa or corn meal, 1 12 cups heavy cream, One 4ounce can diced green chiles, 1 pound Buttermilk Brined Turkey Breast, recipe follows, or roast turkey breast, sliced and chopped into bitesize pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crusty Portuguese rolls or toasted English muffins, for dunking, 4 cups buttermilk, 14 cup Sriracha or other hot sauce, such as Franks Red Hot, 2 round tablespoons kosher salt, 6 to 8 peppercorns, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 lemon, sliced, A few sprigs chives, coarsely chopped, A few sprigs dill, coarsely chopped, A few sprigs parsley, coarsely chopped, 3 boneless turkey breasts about 2 12 pounds, Olive or canola oil, Poultry seasoning], title: Turkey and Corn Chowder with Bacon and Chipotle, picturelink: null}, 19675: {instructions: Chops: Toss the chops with remaining ingredients and let marinate 1 hour or up to overnight covered in the refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before cooking.nOnions: Heat a large 2 burner griddle pan over medium heat for 5 minutes until smoking hot. Cook pork until nicely browned on both sides, about 5 to 6 minutes on each side. While the chops are finishing, heat the vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat in a large, skillet. Add onions and cook for about 4 minutes. Then drizzle onions with honey and balsamic and cook until softened and lightly caramelized, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nServe chops with little heap of onions., ingredients: [4 10 to 12ounce bonein pork chops, cut 1inch thick, 14 cup olive oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Leaves from a few sprigs fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 medium red onions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Thick Cut Mustard Marinated Pork Chops with Caramelized Red Onions, picturelink: GIMDW0iQLnoVFu9Su.p0h9v846nbuZi}, 19676: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with white paper liners. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl set aside. Stir together the milk, lemon juice and vanilla in a small bowl set aside the milk will curdle. Beat the butter, 34 cup sugar and the lemon zest in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low. Beat in the flour mixture in three batches, alternating with the milk mixture in two batches, until combined. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat briefly until smooth.nBeat the egg whites in a large bowl with a mixer on high speed until foamy. Gradually beat in the remaining 14 cup sugar continue beating until stiff glossy peaks form, about 3 minutes. Using a rubber spatula, fold the beaten egg whites into the batter in two batches. Divide the batter evenly among 6 small bowls tint each with 1 to 3 drops gel food coloring, stirring to distribute the color.nDivide the purple batter evenly among the prepared muffin cups about 1 12 teaspoons per cup and gently spread to cover the bottom layer the blue, green, yellow, orange and red batters on top, gently spreading each color but making sure not to swirl the colors together. The liners will be full. Bake until the tops of the cupcakes spring back when gently pressed, about 20 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes in the pan, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the frosting: Whisk the sugar, egg whites, water, vanilla, cream of tartar and salt in a large metal bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water until combined do not let the bowl touch the water. With the bowl still over the simmering water, beat the mixture with a hand mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff glossy peaks form, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the bowl from the saucepan and let cool 5 minutes. Transfer the frosting to a piping bag fitted with a large round tip. Generously pipe onto the cupcakes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 34 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 23 cup whole milk, at room temperature, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon plus juice of 12 lemon, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 3 large egg whites, at room temperature, Red, orange, yellow, green, blue and purple gel food coloring, 23 cup sugar, 2 large egg whites, at room temperature, 14 cup cold water, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch of salt], title: Rainbow Cupcakes, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 19677: {instructions: Begin preparing the naan pockets by dissolving the yeast in 12 cup of the warm water in a mixing bowl. Place on mixer with dough hook and let stand 5 minutes. In separate bowl stir together remaining water with yogurt and salt. Turn mixer on low speed and add 12 cup of flour to the yeast mixture. While mixer is on, add the yogurt mixture. Slowly add remaining flour until well incorporated. Mix on high speed for 5 minutes. Remove from mixer and cover bowl with plastic wrap. Keep in warm place and allow to rise for 30 minutes. On a floured surface, divide and roll dough into 6 balls. Place on floured baking sheet and cover with plastic wrap. Let rise 30 more minutes.nWhile naan is proofing, make the mango salsa by combining chopped mango, avocado, onion, strawberries, tomato, garlic and cilantro. Squeeze the juice from the lime over ingredients. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate.nPrepare a medium hot charcoal grill. You may use a gas grill or grill plate on stove top.nTo make the yogurt sauce, place the cilantro, jalapeno, and garlic in small food processor and puree. Add to yogurt and mayonnaise and combine. Cover and refrigerate.nTo make the biryani burgers, place the cubed meat in a bowl. Add onions, cilantro, garlic and curry paste. Mix together and feed through a meat grinder to make coarsely ground meat. Form into 6 patties, approximately 1inch thick. Place on tray or baking sheet, cover with plastic and keep in freezer until naan is grilled.nTake the naan dough and flatten into 6inch circles. Place dough on hot grill rack and cook for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Dough should puff. Remove from grill when naan becomes golden brown. Keep warm. Clean grill to remove flour from rack.nRemove patties from freezer. Place patties on hot grill rack and then close cover. Cook 12 to 15 minutes or until desired doneness, turning once after 6 or 7 minutes.nTo assemble burger, take a naan and carefully slice open the puffed pocket. Spread yogurt sauce on the inside of naan pocket. Place a burger in the pocket and top meat with a generous portion of salsa. Serve hot. Bon Appetit, Food Network, ingredients: [1 tablespoon dry yeast, 1 cup warm water, 12 cup plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 cups bread flour, 1 medium mango, seeded, peeled and diced, 1 medium avocado, seeded, peeled and diced, 1 medium red onion, diced, 5 strawberries, chopped, 1 Roma tomato, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 lime, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped jalapeno pepper, 1 clove garlic, 2 tablespoons plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, Biryani Beef Patties:, 2 pounds beef sirloin, cubed, 12 cup chopped onions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 cloves finely chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons biryani curry paste], title: Biryani Burger with Mango Salsa and Yogurt Sauce in Grilled Naan Pockets, picturelink: null}, 19678: {instructions: Combine 2 cups spinach, the feta and 3 tablespoons water in a bowl. Insert a paring knife into the thickest part of each chicken breast, cutting along the side to make a deep 2inchwide pocket. Stuff the spinach mixture into the pockets.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Add to the skillet, roundedside down, and cook until browned, about 3 minutes per side. Add the chicken broth, vinegar and sundried tomatoes. Partially cover and cook until the chicken is just cooked through, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the ditalini and cook as the label directs. Put the remaining 1 12 cups spinach in a colander drain the ditalini over the spinach to wilt it. Return to the pot.nRemove the chicken to a cutting board and slice. Add the pan sauce to the ditalini along with the mint and 14 teaspoon salt toss. Serve with the chicken.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [3 12 cups chopped baby spinach about 8 ounces, 14 cup crumbled lowfat feta cheese, 3 skinless, boneless chicken breasts 8 to 10 ounces each, trimmed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons finely chopped sundried tomatoes, 8 ounces ditalini about 1 34 cups, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint], title: Greek SpinachStuffed Chicken, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 19679: {instructions: In a large nonstick saucepan or Dutch oven, heat the oil. Saute the mushrooms and scallions until the mushroom liquid evaporates, about ten minutes. Stir in the broth, potatoes, wine, thyme, caraway seeds and salt bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, until the potatoes are tender, about twenty minutes. Transfer to a blender and remove the knob in the lid, puree. Return the soup to the saucepan bring back through a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the halfandhalf. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, one 10ounce package mushrooms, sliced, 3 scallions, 4 cups chicken broth, 3 medium red potatoes, scrubbed and cut into 1 inch chunks, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crumbled, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, crushed, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup halfandhalf], title: Mushroom Caraway Soup, picturelink: null}, 19680: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray a 13 by 9inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Tear brioche into 1inch pieces and place in prepared dish.nIn a large bowl, combine milk, custard dessert mix, rum, eggs, and nutmeg. Whisk until well blended. Stir in nuts and raisins, if using. Pour over brioche press down lightly on brioche to submerge into custard. Let stand for 10 minutes, or until brioche absorbs custard slightly. Bake for 50 minutes, or until top is golden brown and bread pudding puffs. Serve warm with Caramel Rum Sauce.nCombine caramel sauce, cream, and rum in medium glass bowl. Heat in microwave for 45 seconds. Whisk to blend. Drizzle over bread pudding., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 pound purchased brioche bread, 5 cups cold whole milk, 2 4.4 ounce boxes American custard dessert mix, 13 cup dark rum, 2 egg yolks, beaten, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 cup walnut pieces, lightly toasted, 14 cup pecan pieces, lightly toasted, 12 cup golden raisins, optional, Caramel Rum Sauce, recipe follows, 23 cup butterscotch caramel sauce, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 tablespoons dark rum], title: Bread Pudding with Caramel Rum Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19681: {instructions: Pour all ingredients in together adding champagne last, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 14 cup champagne, 18 teaspoon cardamom, 3 mint leaves, 1 pint tea sorbet, 2 teaspoon powdered sugar, 3 halved strawberries, Sugar tuile], title: Champagne, Cardamon Strawberries with Chamomile Tea Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 19682: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the yeast, bread flour, 14 cup toasted, uncooked oats, and the salt in a small mixing bowl and set aside.nCombine the leftover cooked oatmeal, warm water, agave syrup, and 1 tablespoon of oil in a large mixing bowl. Add the dry mixture to the cooked oatmeal mixture in 3 installments and mix thoroughly with a wooden spoon after each addition.nTurn the dough onto a lightly floured surface, and knead by hand for 10 minutes, incorporating more flour, if needed. Dough will be sticky. Put the dough in a lightly oiled bowl or container. Cover with plastic wrap and set in a warm place to rise until the dough has doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPunch down the dough, shape it into a loaf, and put it into a lightly oiled 9 by 5inch loaf pan. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the egg yolk and water in a small bowl. Lightly brush the top of the loaf with egg wash and sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon toasted, uncooked oats. Bake until the bread reaches an internal temperature registers 210 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 55 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the loaf from the pan to a cooling rack for 30 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [1 package active dry yeast, 11 ounces bread flour, plus extra for kneading, 14 cup toasted uncooked old fashioned rolled oats, plus 1 tablespoon, divided, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 ounces leftover, cooked old fashioned rolled oats, at room temperature, 14 cup warm water, 2 tablespoons agave syrup, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus extra for bowl and pan, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon water], title: Leftover Oatmeal Bread, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 19683: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until hot but not smoking. Add the garlic, bell peppers, onions, and tomatillos reduce the heat, and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are slightly softened and peppers have brightened in color, about 5 minutes. Be careful not to overcook or brown they should be crisp yet tender. Remove from heat, and set aside.nIn a nonreactive pot, combine all the remaining ingredients except the corn, and bring to a boil over high heat.nAdd the corn rounds there should be just enough liquid to cover them. Return to a boil, reduce the heat to low, and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the reserved vegetables, and return to a simmer. Turn off the heat, and allow to cool to room temperature, uncovered.nCover, and refrigerate. The pickled corn rounds taste good by the time they have cooled and will last for 2 weeks, covered and refrigerated. Serve chilled., ingredients: [2 teaspoons peanut oil, 8 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 12 pound red, orange, and yellow bell peppers, seeded, cut into thin rings, 2 large onions, peeled and cut into thin rings, 6 tomatillos, papery skins removed and halved, 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard mixed with 2 teaspoons water, 4 cups white wine vinegar, 1 cup pineapple juice, 2 cups water, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons coarse salt, 3 tablespoons whole coriander, crushed, 1 tablespoon whole cloves, 4 to 6 chipotle peppers or 3 to 5 fresh chiles of your choice, 6 ears corn, husked, silked, and cut into 12 to 34inchthick rounds], title: Smoky Pickled Corn, picturelink: null}, 19684: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, whisk together 2 cups apple cider, salt, thyme and rosemary. Add turkey breast and enough water to cover the bird. Cover and let brine in the refrigerator 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, saute onions in oil until softened. Add peaches, honey, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar and remaining 2 tablespoons apple cider. Bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer and cook until peaches break down and glaze thickens, about 12 minutes.nRemove turkey from brine and pat dry with paper towels. Brush with oil and season with pepper. Place turkey in a roasting pan. Cook 15 minutes until skin begins to turn golden. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and brush the top generously with the glaze. Continue cooking until an instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the breast reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Let the turkey rest at least 10 minutes. Its temperature will continue to rise., ingredients: [2 cups apple cider, plus 2 tablespoons, 14 cup salt, plus more for turkey, 3 to 5 sprigs thyme, 3 sprigs rosemary plus 1 teaspoon chopped, 1 3 34pound boneless turkey breast with skin, 12 cup onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for turkey, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 10ounce bag frozen peeled and sliced peaches, chopped, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon brown sugar], title: Roasted Turkey Breast with Peach Rosemary Glaze, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 19685: {instructions: Rub the chicken with the thyme, shallots and 2 tablespoons of the Jerk Spice Rub and refrigerate overnight in a baking dish.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil and 2 tablespoons of the Jerk Spice Rub in a small bowl to make a wet sauce.nHeat 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and sear to brown on all sides, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and coat with the jerk wet sauce. Transfer to the oven and roast until the internal temperature is 165 degrees F.nCook the quinoa according to the package directions.nHeat 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil in a second skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the cauliflower and cook, without stirring, for 2 minutes. Then add the cherry tomatoes and toss in the heat. Season with salt and pepper, then the rosemary and tarragon.nRemove from the heat and splash with 1 tablespoon water to steam. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil to make sauce.nPut the steamed quinoa and Garden Chimichurri on a plate. Add the chicken.nTransfer the cauliflower mixture to the skillet with the chicken drippings. Cook over high heat until thickened.nPour the vegetables over the chicken before serving.nCombine the coriander, ginger, brown sugar, cayenne, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, pepper, thyme, allspice, cinnamon and cloves in a small bowl.nCombine the cilantro, mint, parsley, vinegar, olive oil, shallot, garlic, red pepper flakes and salt and pepper to taste in a small bowl and refrigerate overnight., ingredients: [1 chicken leg drumstick and thigh, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 shallot, diced, 2 tablespoons Jerk Spice Rub, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 3 ounces cauliflower florets, 5 cherry tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 teaspoon fresh rosemary, 13 teaspoon fresh tarragon, 3 ounces quinoa, 2 tablespoons Garden Chimichurri, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cayenne powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons coarse black pepper, 2 teaspoons dry thyme, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 3 tablespoons fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh mint, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, chopped, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced shallot, 13 teaspoon minced garlic, A large pinch of red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Jerk Chicken with Garden Chimichurri, picturelink: ttVI.tiuriQJVEEEQKm2Dkdj01RdNwW}, 19686: {instructions: Place the yeast and warm water in a large bowl and stir with a fork to dissolve the yeast. Allow to stand for about 3 minutes.nAdd the honey, pumpkin puree, milk, egg yolks, cornmeal, and 1 23 cups 8 ounces of the highgluten flour to the yeast mixture. Stir briskly with a whisk until the ingredients are well combined. Let this sponge stand for at least 15 minutes but not longer than 30 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the remaining 2 13 cups 11 34 ounces highgluten flour, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, and salt together to mix well. Add to the sponge and stir with your fingers to incorporate the flour, scraping the sides of the bowl and folding the dough over itself until it gathers into a shaggy mass. Knead the dough in the bowl until it becomes smooth and somewhat elastic, about 5 minutes. Gradually add the melted butter, kneading it in gently until well incorporated.nMove the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead until it is very smooth, silky, and elastic, about 5 minutes. The dough will be sticky, so keep the work surface and your hands lightly floured, but dont overdo it. The dough should be soft, supple, and springy. Shape the dough into a loose ball, cover it with plastic wrap, and let it rest for 20 minutes. This rest period is the autolyse.nFlatten the dough and stretch it gently with your fingers to form a rectangle about an inch thick. Spread the toasted pecans evenly over the rectangle. Fold the whole mass into an envelope and knead it gently until the nuts are well distributed, about 2 to 3 minutes. If the dough resists, let it rest for 5 minutes and then continue kneading it. Some of the pecans may pop out of the dough, but they can easily be incorporated again after the first rise, when the dough has softened.nShape the dough into a loose ball and place it in a lightly oiled bowl, along with any loose pecans. Turn to coat the dough with oil, then cover the bowl tightly with oiled plastic wrap. Let the dough rise at room temperature 75 degrees to 77 degrees F until it has doubled in volume, about 2 hours.nWhile the bread is rising, make a cornstarch wash: Put the cold water in a small saucepan and whisk in the cornstarch. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently until it thickens. Remove from the heat and cover to keep a skin from forming. Set aside to cool.nWhen the dough has doubled, gently pour it out of the bowl onto the floured work surface, pressing in any loose nuts. Flour your hands lightly and gently divide the dough into 2 equal pieces each weighing about 24 ounces. Shape each piece into a knot.nGenerously dust a peel or the bottom of a baking sheet with flour or coarse cornmeal. Carefully place the shaped loaves on the peel or sheet, leaving several inches between them so they wont grow into each other as they rise. Cover the dough with oiled plastic wrap and allow it to rise at room temperature until it has just doubled in volume, about 1 12 to 2 hours.nThirty minutes before baking, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a baking stone in the oven to preheat and place an empty water pan directly below the stone.nWhen the loaves have doubled, use a pastry brush to paint each loaf with the cornstarch wash. Brush gently so you wont deflate the loaves. Reserve the remaining cornstarch wash. Shake the peel or pan gently to be sure the loaves arent sticking and slide the dough onto the baking stone. Quickly pour 1 cup of very hot water into the water pan and immediately shut the door. After 1 minute, using a plant sprayer, mist the top and sides of the oven 6 to 8 times, then immediately shut the oven door. Repeat the misting procedure 1 minute later.nBake for 15 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature 350 degrees F and bake for 20 to 25 minutes longer, until the loaves are golden brown and the surface feels firm but not hard when you press it lightly. These should have a thin soft crust, not a hard crunchy one. Transfer the loaves to a rack and paint them again with the cornstarch wash. Allow to cool completely before serving. This bread is best eaten the day it is baked, but it also freezes exceptionally well if you wrap it in aluminum foil and then a heavy duty plastic freezer bag. Thaw at room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 14 cup 2 ounces very warm water 105 degrees to 115 degrees F, 12 cup 6 ounces honey, 1 cup 8 14 ounces pumpkin puree unsweetened, 12 cup 4 ounces milk, at room temperature, 2 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 13 cup less 2 teaspoons 1 12 ounces coarse cornmeal, 4 cups 19 34 ounces highgluten bread flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 8 tablespoons 4 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup 4 ounces pecan pieces, toasted, 12 cup 4 ounces cold water, 1 14 teaspoons cornstarch], title: Autumn Pumpkin Bread with Pecans, picturelink: null}, 19687: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nIn a mixer, beat the eggs and yolks until pale and fluffy. Slowly stream in the granulated sugar, melted butter and vanilla, and continue to mix until smooth.nAdd the flour, baking powder and salt, and continue to mix on low until everything comes together in a firm dough.nOn a lightly floured wooden board, briefly knead the dough to make a smooth ball, then pat into a rectangle and cut into 4 equal pieces. Split the pieces in half again to make 8 pieces, then repeat to make 16 equal dough balls. Set aside to make room to roll them.nUse your fingers to gently roll out each dough ball into a 12inch rope if the dough is excessively sticky, dust your hands very lightly with flour, then knead the dough for about 20 seconds. If you use too much flour the dough will become brittle, so go easy on it.nCut each rope into three 4inch sections, pinch the ends together to make rings, and place on the prepared baking sheets about 3 inches apart. Brush the tops with milk and sprinkle with sanding sugar.nBake the cookies, rotating halfway through, 16 to 18 minutes. Let cool on racks, 20 minutes. The cookies will last for 10 days in an airtight container.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nIn a mixer, beat the eggs and yolks until pale and fluffy. Slowly stream in the granulated sugar, melted butter and vanilla, and continue to mix until smooth.nAdd the flour, baking powder and salt, and continue to mix on low until everything comes together in a firm dough.nOn a lightly floured wooden board, briefly knead the dough to make a smooth ball, then pat into a rectangle and cut into 4 equal pieces. Split the pieces in half again to make 8 pieces, then repeat to make 16 equal dough balls. Set aside to make room to roll them.nUse your fingers to gently roll out each dough ball into a 12inch rope if the dough is excessively sticky, dust your hands very lightly with flour, then knead the dough for about 20 seconds. If you use too much flour the dough will become brittle, so go easy on it.nCut each rope into three 4inch sections, pinch the ends together to make rings, and place on the prepared baking sheets about 3 inches apart. Brush the tops with milk and sprinkle with sanding sugar.nBake the cookies, rotating halfway through, 16 to 18 minutes. Let cool on racks, 20 minutes. The cookies will last for 10 days in an airtight container., ingredients: [6 large eggs plus 2 large egg yolks, 1 23 cups granulated sugar, 2 sticks 12 pound unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 6 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for dusting, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup milk, 1 cup colored sanding sugar, 6 large eggs plus 2 large egg yolks, 1 23 cups granulated sugar, 2 sticks 12 pound unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 6 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for dusting, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup milk, 1 cup colored sanding sugar], title: Taralli Dolci di Pasqua, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 19688: {instructions: Slice the kielbasa diagonally into 1inchthick slices. Set aside. Saute the onions and leeks in the olive oil in a heavybottomed 16 to 20quart stockpot on medium heat for 15 minutes, until the onions start to brown.nLayer the ingredients on top of the onions in the stockpot in this order: first the potatoes, salt and pepper, then the kielbasa, littleneck clams, steamer clams, mussels, shrimp and lobsters. Pour in the white wine. Cover the pot tightly and cook over mediumhigh heat until steam just begins to escape from the lid, about 15 minutes. Lower the heat to medium and cook another 15 minutes. The clambake should be done. Test to be sure the potatoes are tender, the lobsters are cooked and the clams and mussels are open.nRemove the lobsters to a wooden board, cut them up and crack the claws. With large slotted spoons, remove the seafood, potatoes and sausages to a large bowl and top with the lobsters. Season the broth in the pot to taste and serve immediately in mugs with the clambake.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 12 pounds kielbasa, 3 cups chopped yellow onions 2 large onions, 2 cups chopped leeks, well cleaned 2 leeks, white parts only, 14 cup good olive oil, 1 12 pounds small potatoes red or white, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 tablespoon freshly ground pepper, 2 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed, 1 pound steamer clams, scrubbed, 2 pounds mussels, cleaned and debearded, 1 12 pounds large 16 to 20 count shrimp, in the shell, 3 lobsters 1 12 pounds each, 1 750ml bottle good dry white wine], title: Kitchen Clambake, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 19689: {instructions: In work bowl of food processor, combine butter, salt and cayenne. Process until butter is satiny and doubled in volume, for 3 to 4 minutes. Add fresh bread crumbs, shallots, garlic, chopped parsley and chives. Process to blend and set aside. With a large sharp knife cut the lobster tail half way through the shell and flesh. Crack the tail open to expose the flesh. Carefully pull the flesh out of the shell leaving it attached at the end of the tail. Remove the vein from the center of the flesh. Mound the garlic herb butter down the center of the tail completely covering the flesh with a generous amount of butter. Dust the top of the butter with dry bread crumbs. Cover, and then refrigerate for 12 hour to chill the butter. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Uncover the lobster tail and place it on a small broiling plate. Place in the oven and bake until golden brown 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the plate from the oven and immediately pour wine around the lobster tails so that it mingles with the pan juices. Pour the pan juices back over the tail., ingredients: [10 ounces 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup fresh bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 4 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 3 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 4 6ounce lobster tails, 12 cup dry bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons white wine], title: Baked Lobster Scampi, picturelink: null}, 19690: {instructions: There are countless variations of this sweet Passover relishu00bfwe like a mixture of chopped apples, pistachios and dates. Pulse in a food processor with a splash of kosher wine, then add honey, sugar, cinnamon and salt to taste. Stir in lemon zest and juice.nPhotograph by Roland Bello, ingredients: [], title: Haroset, picturelink: .87aHRf98lodpmuBXb8XP0isg9KHNNG}, 19691: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Set a rack on a rimmed baking sheet. Toss the mushrooms with the olive oil season with salt and pepper. Arrange openside down on the rack. Bake until tender, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the panko and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parsley, lemon zest and 12 teaspoon salt.nTurn the mushrooms openside up. Fill each with 12 teaspoon of the panko mixture and a cube of cheese sprinkle with more of the panko mixture. Bake until the cheese is melted and the panko is golden, 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 pounds button mushrooms about 30, stemmed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, plus more for topping, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, 6 ounces raclette cheese, cut into about 30 halfinch cubes], title: Fondue Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: mqXybd3nspMn6ynfdGJtm3s4nfK9T2}, 19692: {instructions: Place bluefish in a shallow pan and pour the wine over the fish. Rub the fish well with the wine and let sit for 10 minutes. Remove the fish from the wine. Place whole thyme, lemon slices and garlic into the belly of the fish. Rub the fish all over with olive oil. Season well with salt and pepper. Place the fish on a grill over medium heat. Grill for about 10 minutes per side, or until the flesh is no longer translucent., ingredients: [1 whole, cleaned and gutted bluefish, about 5 pounds, 1 cup white wine, 1 bunch thyme, 1 lemon, sliced into 14 inch thick rounds, 4 whole, peeled cloves of garlic, Olive oil, Salt, Pepper], title: Whole Grilled Bluefish, picturelink: null}, 19693: {instructions: Massage rub into fillets. Store in cooler or refrigerator. Baste red onions with BBQ Sauce and let sit for 15 to 20 minutes.nPreheat grill. Grill fillets for about 4 minutes per side, or until desired degree of doneness. Remove from grill and let rest for 5 minutes. Grill onion slices for 1 minute on each side over low heat. Divide onion slices over fillets and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Rub and SW Seasoning recommended: KendrasKitchen, 2 6ounce Kobe beef chateaubriand fillets, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 13 cup BBQ Sauce recommended: KendrasKitchen], title: Kobe Beef Chateaubriand Fillet with Grilled Red Onions, picturelink: 4pDp42t51UJYXQMJLwD9Og2infE9RC}, 19694: {instructions: Coarsely grate the potatoes. Dry thoroughly by rubbing them between two clean kitchen towels. Place the grated potatoes in a large bowl, mix in the herbs and season with salt and pepper to taste. Heat the oil in a 10inch nonstick skillet over medium high heat until almost smoking. Add the potatoes in a flat even layer. Shake the pan frequently to prevent the galette from sticking. After 3 to 4 minutes, invert the potatoes onto a plate and carefully slide them back into the pan, reduce the heat to low and continue cooking for another 20 to 30 minutes. Cut into wedges., ingredients: [4 large Idaho potatoes, 1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon finely chopped flat leaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Herbed Potato Galette, picturelink: null}, 19695: {instructions: For the Tamarind Ketchup: In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, cook all ingredients until tender. Transfer the mixture to the jar of a blender and puree until smooth. Pour the ketchup through a fine sieve into a medium bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nLobster Corn Dog: Preheat 6 cups vegetable oil to 350 degrees.nWhisk together cornmeal, sugar, eggs and milk, set aside. Remove the lobster tail from the shell and skewer the lobster meat through the center from the bottom of the tail to the top. Dip the lobster in the batter and deepfry until golden brown and crisp, about 4 minutes. Serve with Tamarind Ketchup., ingredients: [6 cups vegetable oil, 3 cups cornmeal, 12 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 1 14 cup milk, 2 8ounce lobster tails, Tamarind Ketchup, recipe follows, 2 cups tamarind, fresh, 2 cups red tomato, chopped, 1 cup white onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups orange juice, 12 box brown sugar, 1 cup mango, chopped, 2 red bell peppers, grilled], title: Lobster Corn Dog with Tamarind Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 19696: {instructions: Sprinkle venison with salt and pepper. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large nonstick skillet over high heat. Working in batches, add venison to skillet and cook to desired doneness, about 2 minutes per side for mediumrare. Set aside. In fat remaining in skillet saute mushrooms with garlic, stirring, until liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated. Add broth, Port, and Worcestershire sauce. Simmer sauce until thickened and reduced to about 34 cup, about 15 minutes, and stir in vinegar and salt and pepper to taste. Divide sauce among 4 plates. Place 2 venison medallions a top sauce on each plate., ingredients: [8 3 to 3 12ounce venison medallions each about 12 to 34inch, Salt, pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 8 fresh large shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and caps sliced thin, 2 small garlic cloves, minced, 2 cups chicken broth, 12 cup Tawny Port, 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Venison Medallions with Shiitake Port Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19697: {instructions: Combine 12 teaspoon of the sugar with the cinnamon. Place the fruit in a small bowl and add the cinnamonsugar. Toss to combine.nHeat the 3 tablespoons of butter in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the fruit and saute for about 5 minutes or until the fruit begins to caramelize. Remove from the heat and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. Using an electric mixer, beat the egg yolks with the remaining sugar until very light and fluffy. Fold in the vanilla and lemon zest. When well blended, fold in the beaten egg whites.nPour the melted butter into a 7inch, ovenproof omelette pan over medium heat. Place the fruit if sliced, fan it out into the pan and pour in the batter to cover the fruit. Cook for 1 12 minutes. Place in the preheated oven and bake for about 10 minutes or until the omelette is puffed and golden.nRemove from the oven and carefully invert onto a serving plate. Dust with confectioners sugar and serve. NOTE: If desired, you can garnish the plate with fresh fruit and mint., ingredients: [6 tablespoons plus 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 to 2 apples, pears, peaches, etc., peeled, cored or pitted, and thinly sliced, or 1 cup berries, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoons melted butter, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar], title: Fruit Souffle Omelette, picturelink: lxPaYfTblyIITUzHYHWC1IdG2H4e}, 19698: {instructions: For the spring rolls: Dip a rice paper wrapper into a bowl of warm water, making sure to wet all sides. Remove the softened and pliable rice paper and place on a clean surface. On the side of the wrapper closest to you add some salmon, cabbage cilantro, carrots and cucumbers. Fold the ends of the rice wrapper over the filling. Tuck the edge closest to you over the filling and continue to roll until its closed and snug. Repeat with the remaining wrappers and ingredients.nFor the sauce: In small bowl mix together 2 tablespoons water, the miso paste, vinegar, honey and sesame oil and stir well to combine.nServe the spring rolls immediately with the sauce for dipping., ingredients: [6 rice paper wrappers 22 centimeters in diameter, 6 ounces wild Alaskan canned salmon, 1 cup shredded Napa cabbage, 14 cup cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 1 medium carrot, thinly sliced about 1 cup, 1 medium cucumber, thinly sliced about 1 cup, 2 tablespoons white miso paste, 1 12 teaspoons rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Salmon Spring Rolls with Sesame Miso Sauce, picturelink: aaLA8lnoHGw6HhxWw7DiXDvyYBxF0y}, 19699: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the halibut: Place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Brush the halibut with olive oil and season both sides with salt and pepper. Grill until cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Let the fish rest for a few minutes then cut into 1inch cubes.nFor the salad: In a large bowl, combine the frisee, arugula, tomatoes, chickpeas, and fennel. In a small bowl mix together the olive oil, lemon juice, honey, cumin, salt, and pepper. Drizzle the olive oil mixture over the salad and toss to combine. Top with fish and serve., ingredients: [1 6ounce halibut steak, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 head frisee, chopped, 1 cup arugula, chopped, 10 cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 15ounce can chickpeas garbanzo beans, 1 fennel bulb, stalk removed, halved, and thinly sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Halibut and Chickpea Salad, picturelink: O6ewMYXlDOioc2uY032.Z.DvRw6Doq}, 19700: {instructions: Add mango to a blender and squeeze in the juice from the lime. Puree the mixture and pour into a large bowl. Stir in macaroni. Gently fold in strawberries, peaches, and minced mint. Transfer to serving dishes topped with creme fraiche and mint sprigs., ingredients: [1 mango, peeled and cut away from the pit, 1 fresh lime, halved and seeds removed, 1 pound cooked elbow macaroni, 1 quart strawberries, hulled and sliced, 1 29 to 32ounce can sliced peaches preferably in their own juice or light syrup, 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint leaves, plus 6 to 8 sprigs for garnish, 4 ounces creme fraiche], title: Macaroni Fruit Salad with Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 19701: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add a liberal amount of salt, then add the pasta, stirring occasionally to avoid sticking. Cook the linguine until it is al dente, 10 to 12 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of pasta cooking water, then pour the linguine in a colander to drain.nMeanwhile, process the red peppers, almonds, breadcrumbs, vinegar, garlic and paprika in a food processor until the texture is coarse but uniform. With the motor running, pour the oil slowly through the opening to emulsify and thicken the sauce. Season with 12 teaspooon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper.nAdd the sauce to a large bowl. Add the linguine and enough of the reserved pasta water so that the sauce is loose enough to pour but smooth enough to stick to the pasta. Divide the linguine among individual bowls, and sprinkle with the chopped almonds., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound linguine, 1 cup jarred roasted red peppers 2 to 3 peppers, 12 cup roasted whole almonds, plus 2 tablespoons chopped, for garnish, 13 cup seasoned Italian bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika, 5 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pantry Pasta with Romesco Sauce, picturelink: ejoAp5BaPXJK0ayZ1TBeN9OOb05HepS}, 19702: {instructions: Fill a Collins glass with ice cubes or semicrushed ice. Pour the tequila over the ice and add the lemonade and grapefruit soda. Cover the glass with a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously for 20 to 30 seconds. Add a splash of pomegranate juice, garnish with a lime slices and enjoy an original Margarita., ingredients: [Collins glass, Ice, 2 to 3 ounces high quality aged tequila recommended: Patron Reposado, 3 to 4 ounces fresh homemade lemonade, 2 ounces grapefruit soda recommended: Fresca, Splash pomegranate juice, Lime wheel, for garnish], title: Santa Barbara Rancho Sunset Margarita, picturelink: null}, 19703: {instructions: Special equipment: see source link for information: Silkscreen kit Aluminum flashing Champagne bottlenFor the Bottle Mold: Combine the gelatin and water in the bowl and let bloom. Add the sugar and place the bowl over a double boiler. Melt until the gelatin and sugar are dissolved and the mixture is smooth and clear. Skim the top, if necessary, and discard.nTo make the container in which you will create the gelatin bottle mold, you will need a piece of aluminum flashing that is at least 3 inches longer than the height of the bottle and wide enough to wrap around the bottle 1 12 times. Curve the flashing, creating a container the bottle can lay in with at least 1inch of space on all sides. Seal the open sides completely with duct tape and tape a wooden spoon or spatula along the top of the flashing on each side to add extra rigidity to the mold. The final product should look like the template.nPour a 1inch thick layer of the hot gelatin liquid into the bottom of the mold. Place in the refrigerator and allow to set. When the gelatin is very firm, remove from the refrigerator. Heat the remaining gelatin so it is a liquid consistency if it has started to solidify. Place the champagne bottle on top of the firm gelatin. Pour the remaining gelatin liquid over the bottle, covering the top by about 1inch. Let this sit until the gelatin begins to gel. Move it to the refrigerator and allow to set until the gelatin is very firm. When it is firm, remove it from the refrigerator cut the duct tape on the ends and peel away the aluminum flashing so you are left with only the bottle completely encased in gelatin. Using a sharp paring knife, slice the mold the long way into two identical halves. Remove the champagne bottle.nFor the Chocolate Bottle: Fill one half of the mold with chocolate. Place a wire rack so it sits on top of not inside a deep roasting pan. Overturn the filled mold onto the wire rack. The excess chocolate will drain from the mold. Allow the chocolate to set slightly. This is important because once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge clean with a paring knife. When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts from the sides of the mold. A clean edge will keep it from sticking and cracking as it shrinks. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. Repeat with the other half of the mold. Unmold both chocolate bottle halves by pulling the gelatin away from the chocolate. If you are not going to fill the bottle with candies or truffles, use tempered chocolate to glue the two halves together to create the bottle.nFor the Decorated Label: You can either paint the label freehand or use a silk screen kit. Either way, start by using a rolling pin to roll the chocolate plastic about 18inch thick. If you are going to paint freehand, use a paring knife to cut a square the size of the label you would like to make. Mix up your paints by combining the cocoa butter and the powdered food coloring in a 6to1 ratio, respectively. Add the cocoa butter slowly until you achieve a medium thickness. The best way to store and warm your paints while you are using them is in a yogurt machine. Use a paintbrush to paint the label.nIf you are using a silk screen kit, start by melting the unsweetened chocolate over a double boiler. Hold the silk screen over the rolled out chocolate plastic. Using a plastic scraper with a straight edge, apply about a teaspoon of melted chocolate to the silkscreen, and gently pull it across the design. Carefully lift off the silk screen. It will dry almost immediately. Using a paring knife, cut out the label.nFor the Gold Top: Combine the gold dust with the liqueur in a 6to1 ratio, respectively. Use the gold paint to coat the top of the bottle to represent the gold foil typically found on champagne bottles.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [800 grams 1 34 pounds or 5 12 cups gelatin powder, 10 12 cups water, 11 12 cups sugar, 32 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 4 ounces white chocolate plastic, 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, melted, Cocoa butter, Powdered food coloring, as needed, Edible gold dust, Fruitflavored liqueur], title: Gelatin Molded Champagne Bottle, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 19704: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat your oven to 425 degrees F.nClean and trim the asparagus by breaking off 1 asparagus end at its natural breaking point and lining up the tip end next to the remaining stalks. Trim them to the broken asparagus length. Compost the woody ends. Lay the asparagus out on a rimmed sheet pan. Drizzle with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nPlace them in the preheated oven and cook for 15 minutes or until tips are browned and starting to crisp.nIn a small cup, crack each egg. Add each egg to a mixing bowl, stir in the milk, and season with salt and pepper.nBeat the egg mixture with a whisk, in a figure 8 pattern until the ingredients are completely blended together. In a nonstick saute pan, melt the butter over mediumlow heat. Once butter has melted, add the eggs and cook over low heat, stirring gently with a silicone spatula. Keep the eggs moving, continuing to cook until they are cooked but soft, about 15 to 20 minutes.nWarm the serving platter or serving plates in a preheated low temperature oven, or microwave the plate for 6 to 10 seconds. Scatter roasted asparagus on the heated plate, and spoon the scrambled eggs over the asparagus. Eat immediately and enjoy, ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh asparagus, trimmed and cleaned, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon sea salt, plus more for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 eggs, 3 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Scrambled Eggs over Asparagus, picturelink: AVki9ifyI6hMke5y9d1uZk82xZO5dy}, 19705: {instructions: With a sharp knife, cut the mushrooms on the diagonal into quarters, depending on the size. Prepare the seasonings and set by the stove.nHeat a wok or a heavy skillet until very hot, add 1 teaspoon of oil and heat until hot. Add the snap peas, minced garlic, rice wine or sake, and salt, and toss lightly over high heat for about 1 12 minutes until the peas are just tender snow peas will take slightly less time. Remove from the pan and arrange around the outside of the serving plate.nReheat the pan and the remaining oil until very hot. Add the Seasonings and stirfry about 10 seconds until fragrant. Add the mushrooms and toss lightly with a spatula or shovel over high heat for about 1 minute. Add the sauce and toss lightly to thicken, stirring constantly to prevent lumps. Arrange the mushrooms inside the snow peas on the serving platter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound snap peas, ends snapped and veiny strings removed, rinsed and drained, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons rice wine or sake, 12 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems trimmed and lightly rinsed, 12 pound oyster mushrooms, stems trimmed and lightly rinsed If unavailable, substitute shiitake mushrooms., 12 pound cremini mushrooms, stems trimmed and lightly rinsed, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 3 12 tablespoons good quality oyster sauce, 1 12 tablespoons rice wine or sake, 1 14 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 12 cup chicken broth or water, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 12 teaspoons canola or corn oil], title: StirFried Wild Mushrooms with Snap Peas in Oyster Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19706: {instructions: Whisk together vinegar and melted butter. Season with salt and pepper. Mix with cabbage. Prepare well ahead of dinnertime so that the flavors can marry., ingredients: [13 cup wine vinegar, 14 cup melted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups green cabbage, cut into thin strips, 2 cups red cabbage, cut into thin strips], title: Cabbage Salad, picturelink: null}, 19707: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace peaches in the bottom of a baking dish and sweeten, to taste, with a little sugar depending on ripeness. In medium mixing bowl, sift all dry ingredients. Cut in butter and add beaten egg. Mix until crumbly and sprinkle over fruit, covering all exposed fruit. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes until golden., ingredients: [3 to 4 cups fresh peaches, sliced, 1 cup sugar plus some, for taste, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 23 cup unsalted butter, 1 egg, slightly beaten], title: Peach Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 19708: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the pound cake horizontally into 3 pieces. Place the first slice in a loaf tin lined with plastic wrap. Cover the cake with the vanilla ice cream, followed by threequarters of the chopped peanut butter cups. Add a second layer of cake and cover with the chocolate ice cream, followed by threequarters of the chocolate candies. Place the last layer of cake on top, followed by the chocolate chip ice cream. Cover with the chocolate shell sauce, then the remaining peanut butter cups and chocolate candies. Let the sauce set for a few seconds, then fold over the plastic wrap and place in the freezer until frozen, about 4 hours.nWhen ready to serve, pull back the plastic wrap, gently lift the cake out and peel off the wrapping completely. Slice to serve., ingredients: [1 pound cake, 1 cup vanilla ice cream, slightly softened, 4 large peanut butter cup candies, roughly chopped, 1 cup chocolate ice cream, slightly softened, 12 cup chocolate candies, such as M and Ms, roughly chopped, 1 cup chocolate chip ice cream, slightly softened, Chocolate shell ice cream sauce the type that hardens, such as Smuckers Magic Shell, for covering the top], title: Ice Cream Layer Cake, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 19709: {instructions: In large bowl toss together arugula and red pepper and onion. In empty 16 oz. jar combine garlic, vinegar, mustard and olive oil. Secure lid and shake until well mixed. Drizzle over salad and toss well. Taste and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 bunches arugula, washed and dried, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 red pepper, sliced, 1 cup olive oil, 12 red onion, sliced, salt, 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed, pepper, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Arugula and Pepper Salad, picturelink: null}, 19710: {instructions: Slice 1 large eggplant lengthwise into thirds soak in water 15 minutes. Drain and toss with olive oil and salt. Grill over mediumhigh heat until tender, about 8 minutes per side. Chop and toss with 1 large chopped tomato, 1 minced garlic clove, 2 tablespoons chopped basil and 1 teaspoon each chopped oregano and red wine vinegar season with salt and pepper. Top with shaved parmesan.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Italian Eggplant Salad, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 19711: {instructions: Poke several holes in the bag of frozen vegetables and microwave on high for 2 to 3 minutes or until thawed. Set aside.nIn medium mixing bowl, whisk together yogurt and cornstarch. Set aside.nHeat oil in a 10inch, nonreactive saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add cumin seeds, fennel seeds and mustard seeds, cover pan with a splatter screen, and cook, stirring occasionally, until they begin to pop. Once they begin to pop, turn the heat down to medium, and add turmeric, onion powder, coriander, cinnamon, garlic, and chiles. Saute until garlic turns golden brown in color, approximately 3 to 5 minutes. Gently add the vegetables, sugar, salt and pepper, if desired, and cook for 3 to 5 minutes, or until vegetables are heated through. Remove vegetables from heat, pour into bowl with yogurt mixture, and stir to combine. Remove chiles if desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 1pound bag mixed frozen vegetables, 23 cup plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground coriander, 18 teaspoon freshly ground cinnamon, 2 medium cloves garlic, crushed, 3 dried red chiles, stems and seeds removed if less heat is desired, 14 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Black pepper, optional], title: Vegetable Curry, picturelink: null}, 19712: {instructions: At least a half hour and up to 4 hours before you plan to cook the ribs, peel the membrane off the back of the ribs and trim any excessive fat. Season the ribs liberally on both sides with the Rib Rub. Refrigerate.nPrepare the grill for cooking over indirect heat at 300 degrees F using apple or cherry wood for flavor. Place the ribs directly on the cooking grate, meatyside up. Cook for 1 hour. Flip and cook another 30 minutes. Flip again and cook until they are nicely caramelized and golden brown, about another 30 minutes, but may vary depending on your grill. Transfer the ribs to a platter.nLay out two big doublelayered sheets of heavyduty aluminum foil, each big enough to wrap a whole slab of the ribs. Transfer the ribs to the foil, meatyside up. Fold the foil up around the ribs into a packet. Seal the packets snugly, being careful not to puncture the foil with the rib bones. Return to the grill for 45 minutes to 1 hour to reach your desired degree of tenderness. The best way to determine the doneness is to open the foil after 45 minutes and feel the texture of the meat. It should be very tender. Transfer the foil packets to a platter. Raise the temp of the grill to 400 degrees F. Remove the ribs from the foil and return to the cooking grate. Sprinkle lightly with additional Rib Rub 99. Cook for 5 minutes. Flip and sprinkle the other side lightly with the Rib Rub and cook for 5 minutes. Flip one last time and cook for 5 minutes more. Remove the ribs to a platter. Serve 12 slab to each guest.nCombine all ingredients, mix well, and store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 slabs pork loin baby back ribs, about 2 14 pounds each, Rib Rub 99 as needed, recipe follows, 34 cup Sugar In The Raw, 12 cup salt, 14 cup paprika, 2 tablespoons finely ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground allspice], title: Memphis DryRubbed Back Ribs, picturelink: Ri6atlQgHO9C0srn61oXbI5HoXyK5dO}, 19713: {instructions: Place the drained sauerkraut in the insert of a 4quart slow cooker. Add the onion, carrot, garlic, caraway seeds, thyme, bay leaves, juniper berries or gin, and black pepper. Combine them thoroughly with a fork or with your hands. Scatter the kielbasa on top and bury the hocks in the sauerkraut. Pour in the wine and broth. Cover and cook on LOW for 9 hours, until the juices are bubbling and the sauerkraut has lost its crunch.nRemove the smoked hocks. If there is any meat on them, remove it and add it to the sauerkraut. Discard the bay leaves. Serve the braised sauerkraut as is with boiled potatoes, or use as a base for Choucroute Garni., ingredients: [4 pounds 8 cups sauerkraut, drained, well rinsed, and squeezed dry, 1 medium onion, peeled and cut into 14inch slices, 1 medium carrot, peeled, cut lengthwise in half, then crosswise into thin semicircles, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and crushed, 1 12 teaspoons caraway seeds, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 2 bay leaves, 12 juniper berries or 14 cup gin, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 8 ounces kielbasa, cut into 14inch thick rounds, 2 smoked pork hocks, 2 cups dry white wine, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth], title: Braised Sauerkraut, picturelink: null}, 19714: {instructions: Toss the chicken breasts in 1 cup tandoori marinade. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or up to overnight.nIn a saute pan, heat the vegetable oil, and cook the chicken for about 7 minutes per side, until cooked through. Alternately, you can also grill the chicken. Remove the chicken from the pan and pour the remaining 1 cup of marinade into the pan and bring to a gentle simmer. Stir in the honey and turn off the heat. Toss the salad greens with some olive oil, a squirt of lemon juice and salt, and pepper, to taste. Serve each chicken breast over a bed of greens and top with the heated tandoori sauce.nTo make the Marinade:nPut the chiles, fenugreek seeds, coriander seeds, cloves, seeds from cardamom pods Cooks Note: Crush the pods to open, remove the seeds and throw away the hulls., paprika, and cinnamon in a saute pan over medium heat until fragrant and toasty, about 5 minutes. Stir to avoid burning. Pour the mixture into a coffee or spice grinder and grind to a fine powder.nThrow the garlic and ginger into a food processor or blender and pulse until finely minced, then add the yogurt, oil, and lime juice. Process the mixture until as smooth as possible. Add the spice powder and process again. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. Keep the marinade in the refrigerator until ready to use., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 cups Aartis Tandoori Marinade, recipe follows, divided, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon honey, 4 cups mixed salad greens, Olive oil, to taste, Lemon juice, to taste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 chiles de arbol, 3 tablespoons fenugreek seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 5 cloves, Seeds from 4 green cardamom pods, Seeds from 1 black cardamom pod, 3 tablespoons paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 8 cloves garlic, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 4 cups plain yogurt recommended: full fat, 12 cup peanut oil, Juice of 2 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Aartis Easy Tandoori Chicken, picturelink: IJj1TF9Gx16Nvo7vfSzVQnTcUal2Uye}, 19715: {instructions: 1. Mash beans with 2 tablespoons WishBoneu00ae Guacamole Ranch Dressing in small bowl.n2. Evenly layer bean mixture, corn, tomato and olives in 2quart glass bowl. Drizzle with remaining 12 cup Dressing, then sprinkle with jalapeno. Serve, if desired, with tortilla chips or your favorite party dippers, ingredients: [1 can 15.5 oz. reduced sodium black beans, rinsed and drained, 10 Tbsp. WishBoneu00ae Guacamole Ranch Dressing, divided, 1 cup whole kernel corn, 1 large tomato, finely chopped, 12 cup sliced pitted ripe olives, drained optional, 2 Tbsp. finely chopped pickled jalapeno], title: Layered Guacamole Ranch Party Dip, picturelink: XWFFwjdiKHcwTtd0vVkFhVhPKzlkuMq}, 19716: {instructions: Combine the onion, cider, chicken stock, and salt in a large pot and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium and add the chard and kale. Cover the pot and simmer for 10 minutes. Check the greens for tenderness, stir them, and add a little more salt. Recover the pot and cook until the greens are fully tender, about 4 minutes more., ingredients: [1 tablespoon diced Spanish onion, 2 cups apple cider, 1 cup chicken stock, Kosher salt, 8 stalks Swiss chard, leaves roughly chopped, stems diced, 5 stalks kale, leaves rough chopped, stems discarded], title: Cider Braised Greens, picturelink: null}, 19717: {instructions: To a large pot of boiling water, add lemon juice and salt. Add squid rings and cook for about 1 12 to 2 minutes. Drain.nCombine onion, celery, garlic, parsley, olive oil, vinegar and herbs with cooked squid and serve at room temperature or cool., ingredients: [1 lemon, juiced, Salt, 16 cleaned squid, cut into rings, 12 cup chopped white onion, 12 cup chopped celery, 3 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons Italian parsley, chopped, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Pinch thyme, Pinch basil, Pinch oregano], title: Calamari Salad, picturelink: null}, 19718: {instructions: Place the bacon in a large skillet and set over medium heat. Cook, turning, until crispy, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellinedplate to drain.nMeanwhile, halve and pit the avocados. Scoop the avocado into a medium bowl and add the lime juice, cumin, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Mash with a fork until combined but still a bit chunky. Add the red onions, pickled jalapenos, brine and tomatoes, reserving a few pieces of tomato and some jalapenos for garnish.nCrumble the bacon into the bowl, saving a spoonful for garnish, and stir together to combine. Garnish with the reserved bacon, tomato, jalapenos and a few squeezes of lime. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [4 strips bacon, 2 ripe avocados, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, plus lime wedges for serving, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 small red onion, finely chopped about 14 cup, 2 to 4 tablespoons drained jarred pickled jalapeno slices, chopped, plus 2 teaspoons brine, 1 plum tomato, seeded and chopped, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Spicy Bacon Guacamole, picturelink: qgYCgAeGu28d7002lAb2md2qyudhDm}, 19719: {instructions: Thread 24 marshmallows onto skewers and toast over an open flame until golden and charred in spots. Alternatively, place the marshmallows on a baking sheet and broil, turning with a spoon, until toasted all over.nPut the toasted marshmallows, cream, milk, vanilla and salt in a saucepan and cook, stirring constantly, over medium heat until the marshmallows melt. Some charred bits may remain. Let cool 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Whisk the eggs and egg yolks in a bowl. Slowly whisk in 1 cup of the cooled marshmallow mixture, then whisk in the remaining mixture, being careful to not beat in too much air. Pour through a finemesh sieve into a large liquid measuring cup.nArrange six 4ounce ramekins in a roasting pan. Divide the custard among the ramekins. Transfer the roasting pan to the oven and add enough hot water to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake until the custards are set but wobbly in the center, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and let sit in the water bath until cool enough to handle. Remove the custards from the water bath and let cool to room temperature, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours or overnight.nPreheat the broiler. Transfer the custards to the freezer to chill, 15 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, pulse the remaining marshmallows and 3 tablespoons hot water in a food processor until creamy, about 1 minute. Top each custard with 1 to 2 tablespoons of the marshmallow topping and gently spread to the edges with damp fingertips. Broil until the tops are bubbly and dark brown. Transfer the creme brulees to the refrigerator to chill, about 1 hour. Serve cold.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [50 marshmallows from two 10ounce bags, 1 34 cups heavy cream, 34 cup whole milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 2 large eggs, plus 5 egg yolks], title: Toasted Marshmallow Creme Brulee, picturelink: imuwFBdrvck2oxcA8klUMn.VD9bFIa}, 19720: {instructions: Grate 1 head cauliflower into grainsize pieces with a box grater. Toss with 2 diced plum tomatoes, 13 cup lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 chopped scallions, 1 bunch chopped parsley and 2 tablespoons chopped mint in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Cauliflower Tabouli, picturelink: ji1UiS.09bq1RfunjpQ1b2CUTQrVG}, 19721: {instructions: Combine the salt and chili powder in a small bowl and transfer to a flat plate. Rub a lime wedge around the rim of each beer mug and dip it into the chilisalt to coat the rim. Squeeze the juice of 4 lime wedges into each mug. Add a lime wedge to the mug and fill with ice. Add 1 bottle of beer, a dash of hot sauce and a dash of Worcestershire sauce and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup kosher salt, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 4 limes, cut into wedges, 4 12ounce bottles beer, Hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, Worcestershire sauce], title: Michelada, picturelink: kSB6evJu32Ih6Fpx5R.8GSaSmLKuGlG}, 19722: {instructions: 1. Preheat an oven to 200F fit a wire rack on baking pan and place in oven.n1. Whisk milk and eggs in a large shallow dish. Whisk sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl. Set aside.n2. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add 12 tablespoon butter and swirl to coat pan. Dip 2 slices of bread into egg mixture and place in skillet. Sprinkle cinnamon sugar on top and cook until bottom browns and crisps, about 4 minutes. Flip toast, adding butter if needed, and cook until golden, about 3 minutes more. Transfer toast to baking pan in oven. Repeat with remaining bread and batter. Serve with maple syrup and strawberries., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 3 large eggs, beaten, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 thick slices of white bread about 34 of a white sandwich or Pullman loaf, cut into 34inch slices, Hot pure maple syrup, for serving 2 tablespoons per serving, Strawberries, for garnish, optional], title: Cinnamon Sugar FrenchStyle Texas Toast, picturelink: null}, 19723: {instructions: In a large saucepan heat the olive oil add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the wine, tomatoes, clams and red pepper flakes and cook, covered, shaking the pan occasionally, for 5 minutes, or until the clams open. Add the parsley, stir once, and add the pasta. Toss to heat the pasta, then transfer to a warmed serving bowl., ingredients: [1 12 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed well, 13 cup olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup canned plum tomatoes, drained and chopped, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 34 pounds spaghetti, cooked and drained], title: Spaghetti with Fresh Clams, picturelink: null}, 19724: {instructions: Prepare the eggs: Bring a large saucepan of water to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Add 4 eggs and simmer 5 minutes for very runny yolks, or 6 minutes for yolks that are slightly set around the edges. Transfer the eggs to a bowl of ice water with a slotted spoon drain, peel carefully and pat dry. Season with salt.nPut the flour in a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Put the breadcrumbs in another dish season with salt and pepper. Beat the remaining 2 eggs in a third dish season with salt and pepper. One at a time, carefully dredge the cooked eggs in flour, then roll in the beaten eggs, letting the excess drip off, and roll in the breadcrumbs. Roll in the beaten eggs again and reroll in the breadcrumbs. Put the eggs on a parchmentlined plate refrigerate while you make the gravy. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the seasoned flour.nMake the gravy: Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Crumble the sausage into the skillet and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the thyme and the reserved 2 tablespoons seasoned flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in the chicken broth and cream and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the gravy thickens, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper. Add more cream or water if the gravy is too thick. Keep warm.nDeepfry the eggs: Heat about 2 inches of vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Using a slotted spoon, carefully lower the breaded eggs into the hot oil and fry, turning, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nServe the gravy and fried eggs on the biscuits.nPhotograph by James Wojcik, ingredients: [6 large eggs, at room temperature, Kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Freshly ground pepper, 1 cup breadcrumbs, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 large biscuits, split and warmed, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces fresh breakfast sausage, casings removed, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Scotch on the Rocks, picturelink: W1OHdekXHyw0UxtGVPnZMZORbEveq.}, 19725: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half the sausages or ham and cook until crisped on 1 or both sides and warmed through, about 5 minutes. Repeat with remaining oil and sausages. Transfer to a platter., ingredients: [4 tablespoons canola oil, 2 pounds Cajun orCreolestyle sausage, such as andouille, thickly sliced, andor Tasso ham, cutinto chunks], title: Mixed Grill, picturelink: null}, 19726: {instructions: Place the lemon juice into a mixing bowl. Peel and core the apples, then grate into the juice. Stir the grated apples until coated. Remove excess juice by squeezing the shredded apples through a cloth napkin. Combine in a mixing bowl with sugar and almond cream. Mix well. Place into a small greased tart shell. Sprinkle with brown sugar and brown under a broiler. Then place into a preheated 350 degree oven and bake approximately 8 to 10 minutes or until the apples start to rise and bubble. Remove from the oven and dust with vanilla sugar. Remove from the mold. Serve with blackberry sauce and cinnamon ice cream or your favorite flavor. Garnish with mint sprig.nIn an electric mixer, cream the butter and sugar together until smooth. Add the flour then slowly add the eggs. Remove almond cream from the mixer, cover and refrigerate for 3 hours., ingredients: [2 lemons, juiced, 6 Granny Smith apples, 2 tablespoons vanilla sugar, 1 cup almond cream, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 mint sprigs, 12 cup butter, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup almond flour sifted, 2 whole eggs], title: Master Chef Blaubergs Green Apple Crisp, picturelink: null}, 19727: {instructions: MELT butter in medium saucepan. Cook celery and onion until onion is tender, but not browned. Stir in flour and cook about one minute. Whisk in chicken broth, cooking until thickened and bubbly.nREMOVE from heat. Puree mixture in batches, in a blender, until smooth. Return to saucepan.nADD the peanut butter and milk, stirring to blend thoroughly. Heat through, but do not boil. Serve hot or cold. Garnish with snipped chives and chopped peanuts, if desired., ingredients: [2 tbsps. butter, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 12 medium onion, chopped, 1 12 tbsps. Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 4 cups chicken or vegetable broth, 1 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 1 cup milk, Snipped chives, Chopped peanuts for garnish], title: Cream of Peanut Soup, picturelink: null}, 19728: {instructions: Heat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a roasting pan, combine the carrots with the oil, cumin, cinnamon, salt and pepper. Roast the carrots, stirring occasionally until tender and browned, about 25 minutes. In a food processor puree the carrots with the butter, milk, and lemon juice., ingredients: [3 pounds carrots, cut into 12inch slices, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons cumin, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, Salt, to taste, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups whole milk, 1 teaspoon lemon juice], title: Roasted Carrot Puree, picturelink: null}, 19729: {instructions: Make the shortbread cookies: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Cream the butter with the sugar in a medium bowl using a handheld mixer. In a small bowl, mix the salt and flour, and then mix into the butter, 14 cup at a time, just until uniform. Do not overmix. Gather the dough into a ball chill for 15 minutes if the dough is beginning to soften or feel greasy. Roll the dough out to 12inch and cut into rectangles about 12inch by 2 inches. Place on a cold, ungreased baking sheet. Bake until the edges are just beginning to turn golden, 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the fruit and nut topping: In a small bowl, mix the pecans, cranberries, and chocolate chips with the orange marmalade.nAfter 20 minutes, remove the cookies from the oven and spread the fruit and nut topping on the tops of the shortbread. Return to bake for 7 to 8 more minutes. Allow to cool before serving. Best eaten within a day or two of making., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter 1 stick, softened to room temperature, 13 cup sugar, 1 cup flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup chopped pecans, 14 cup dried cranberries, 2 tablespoons mini chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade], title: Fruit and Nut Holiday Shortbread, picturelink: JoANMuX9ipdw0LaPbc09V0yXAvujEa}, 19730: {instructions: In a small pot, over high heat, combine the sliced peppers, onions, and chicken broth and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until crisp and tender, about 3 minutes.nAdd the chourico, linguica, vegetable juice, paprika, and cayenne pepper to the pepper mixture. Mix well. This can be made 1 or 2 days ahead and refrigerated.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the eggs with 14 cup water. In a large frying pan over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons butter. Add the eggs and the spicy sausage mixture, along with the shredded cheese. Stir gently until the eggs are cooked and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Serve with toasted Portuguese English muffins., ingredients: [1 red pepper, sliced thin, 1 large Spanish onion, sliced thin, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 pound ground chourico, 1 pound ground linguica, 12 cup vegetable juice recommended: V8, 14 cup paprika, 14 cup cayenne pepper, 8 eggs, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons butter, 10 ounces jalapeno cheese, shredded, Portuguese English muffins], title: Portuguese Fisherman, picturelink: null}, 19731: {instructions: Rinse and trim stem end of figs and split lengthwise. Whisk olive oil into 13 cup Balsamic vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Toss arugula with vinaigrette. Lightly brush figs with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill or broil figs one minute on each side. Remove figs from heat and toss with remaining 3 tablespoons Balsamic vinegar. Place figs on a bed of greens then sprinkle with cheese and Proscuitto and serve, ingredients: [8 large black mission figs or 12 green figs, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil plus extra for brushing figs, 13 cup plus 3 tablespoons aged Balsamic vinegar, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 12 pound arugula, 12 pound ricotta salata, grated, 14 pound Proscuitto di Parma, julienned], title: Grilled Fig and Arugula Salad, picturelink: null}, 19732: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C.nSprinkle the pork with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a heavy ovenproof skillet over high heat. Sear the pork on all sides, about 5 minutes per side. Add the leeks, garlic, ginger and lemongrass and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the veal stock, coconut milk, soy sauce, vinegar and dried chile. Cover the skillet and cook in the oven until the pork is forktender, about 3 hours.nTransfer the pork to a platter and sprinkle with scallions. Drizzle with the pan juices. Serve with Fried Rice.nPulse the sambal oelek, garlic, shallots and lime juice in a food processor until coarsely pureed. Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat and saute the celery and leeks for about 2 minutes. Add the sambal mixture and cook for 1 minute. Add the rice and soy sauce and saute until well coated and heated through, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the chives, cilantro and parsley. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 pork shanks 3 inches thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons45ml canola oil, 2 leeks, finely chopped, 1 head garlic, cloves separated and smashed, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 2 stalks lemongrass, tough outer parts removed and tender inner parts finely chopped, 2 cups500ml veal stock, 1 cup250ml milk from a fresh coconut, 1 cup250ml soy sauce, 1 cup250ml malt vinegar, 1 dried ancho chile pepper, 3 scallions, finely chopped, Fried Rice, recipe follows, for serving, 14 cup60ml sambal oelek, 3 cloves garlic, 1 shallot, chopped, Juice of 1 lime, 2 tablespoons30ml canola oil, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 1 leek, chopped, 4 cups cold, cooked basmati rice 1 liter, 3 tablespoons45ml soy sauce, A handful fresh chives, chopped, A handful fresh cilantro, chopped, A handful fresh parsley, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Adobo Pork Shanks with Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 19733: {instructions: Make the vinaigrette: In a bowl, whisk together lemon juice, pink pepper, white pepper, and salt. Whisk in honey. Drizzle in olive oil in a slow stream to emulsify. This is a temporary emulsification and needs to be whisked just before serving.nIn a heated pan with olive oil saute the potatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Cover the pan and roast until potatoes are tender. Add sun dried tomatoes to the pan. Transfer mixture to a bowl. With a handheld masher, mash the mixture until fluffy. Check for seasoning. Place the potatoes mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a round tip.nTo hydrate the rice paper wrappers, fill a large bowl with warm water. Place the wrappers in water for about 3 minutes until soft.nRemove one wrapper at a time from the water, lay out on a flat surface, and blot with a paper towel. Pipe a 5inch strip of mashed potatoes in the center of the wrapper. Lay a tuna bar and a piece of scallion evenly next to the potato. Roll into a spring roll.nIn a very hot pan with oil saute the spring rolls quickly, browning all sides. Cook on very high heat, making sure not to cook the tuna.nCut each spring roll into 5 pieces. Brush with olive oil. Drizzle with the vinaigrette and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon ground pink peppercorns, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 cup honey, 1 12 cups olive oil, 12 bunch lemon thyme, 1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 ounce julienne of sun dried tomatoes, 4 green onions, green parts only, cut into 5inch long pieces, 4 12inch rice paper wrappers, 3 ounces 1 Sushi Grade Yellowfin Tuna, cut into 5inch long bars], title: Crispy Potato Spring Rolls with Tuna Sushi in a Lemon Thyme Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 19734: {instructions: Make the millet: Bring 2 14 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the millet and 1 teaspoon salt. Stir, cover and reduce heat to mediumlow. Cook the millet until its tender and all the water has been absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, and let sit, covered, for 15 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons of the oil, and fluff the millet with a fork. Serve warm or at room temperature. The millet can be made and refrigerated, covered, up to 2 days ahead. Microwave just enough to take the chill off, about 2 minutes, stirring about halfway through.nCook the sausage: While the millet cooks, heat the remaining 1 teaspoon oil in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage, and cook, stirring frequently and breaking up into smaller, bitesize pieces, until the sausage is browned and cooked through, about 5 minutes.nMake the yogurthummus sauce: Whisk together the yogurt, hummus, lemon juice, 1 tablespoon water, hot sauce and 14 teaspoon salt in a small bowl.nAssemble the tomatopepper salad: Stir together the tomatoes, peppers, parsley and a pinch of salt in another small bowl.nBuild the bowls: Divide the millet evenly among 4 bowls. Make neat piles andor rows of the sausage, tomatopepper salad, pickled beets, grapeleaf coins, cucumbers, sauce. Sprinkle with some frenchfried onions and zaatar and serve with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [1 cup millet, rinsed, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 pound merguez or fresh chorizo sausage, casings removed, 13 cup Greek yogurt, 13 cup hummus, Juice of 12 lemon, plus remaining half, quartered, A few dashes of hot sauce, 1 medium ripe tomato, finely chopped, 12 small green bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, 12 cup sliced pickled beets, 4 stuffed grape leaves, sliced into coins, 1 Kirby cucumber, sliced into thin rounds, 12 cup crispy frenchfried onions, 1 tablespoon zaatar], title: Millet Bowl with Stuffed Grape Leaves and YogurtHummus Sauce, picturelink: MnEjL50kzz2HQGunqTvFUjvd3kGANi}, 19735: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Spread 1 cup coconut flakes on a baking sheet and bake until toasted, about 3 minutes. Let cool completely. Transfer to a food processor add the granulated sugar and pulse until finely ground. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nWhisk the coconutsugar mixture, the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a bowl. Melt the coconut oil in the microwave add to the flour mixture along with the vanilla and 13 cup water and mix with a wooden spoon until a stiff dough forms. Stir in the macadamia nuts and the remaining 12 cup coconut flakes gently knead until the dough comes together.nDivide the dough in half and shape into two 9by2inch logs place 1 log on each baking sheet. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the logs are firm and golden, about 25 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nLet the logs cool 10 minutes, then transfer to a cutting board slice diagonally with a serrated knife into 34inchthick pieces. Arrange the slices cutside down on the baking sheets. Bake, flipping halfway through, until just golden and the centers still have a little give, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets. The biscotti will crisp as they cool.nWhisk the confectioners sugar, coconut cream and coconut extract until smooth. Dip the biscotti in the glaze sprinkle with coarse sugar.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 12 cups unsweetened coconut flakes, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup coconut oil, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup salted macadamia nuts, chopped, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons coconut cream, 18 to 14 teaspoon coconut extract, Coarse sugar, for decorating], title: Coconut Biscotti, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 19736: {instructions: Add the cucumber slices and chile slices to a medium bowl and toss to combine.nIn a medium saucepan, add the vinegar, sugar, 12 water and salt. Heat gently, stirring, just until the sugar and salt dissolve. Pour over the cucumbers and chiles in the bowl. Set aside to marinate at least 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 hothouse cucumber, finely sliced, 12 Fresno chile, halved lengthwise, seeded if desired and finely sliced, 1 cup white vinegar, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Quick Pickled Sweet Cucumbers, picturelink: XLoCwoLfBJKScT7xpzVmEyoA87ERHu}, 19737: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 6cup souffle mold 7 12 inches across by 3 14 inches high, then sprinkle the sides and bottom with 1 12 tablespoons of the sugar.nMelt both chocolates together over a hot water bath cool. Beat the egg yolks, remaining 12 cup sugar and salt until thick and light yellow in color. Mix the cooled chocolate, heavy cream, instant espresso and liqueur into the yolk mixture until well blended and smooth.nBeat the egg whites to a stiff peak, careful not to overbeat. Mix 14 of the egg whites into the egg yolk mixture. Gently fold in the remaining egg whites until well blended. Pour mixture into the prepared souffle mold.nBake on the lowest shelf of the oven until set within a generous inch of the center, 14 to 16 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 tablespoons plus 12 cup sugar, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped, 6 large egg yolks, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 12 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 3 tablespoons Cognac, rum, green Chartreuse or orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 7 large egg whites], title: Chocolate Souffles, picturelink: null}, 19738: {instructions: Line a large sieve with 4 layers of damp cheesecloth and place it over a large bowl. Spoon the yogurt into the sieve, cover, and chill for at least 3 and up to 12 hours., ingredients: [32 ounces lowfat or nonfat yogurt], title: Yogurt Cheese, picturelink: null}, 19739: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCore apples. Place them in a casserole dish. Pour the entire can of soda over the apples.nSprinkle sugar and cinnamon over the apples. Place the dish in the oven and bake for 45 minutes or until the apples are tender.nTop with whipped topping. Sprinkle with additional cinnamon, if you like. Enjoy, ingredients: [4 medium Rome or Braeburn apples, 1 can diet black cherry soda, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, plus more, for optional topping, 2 tablespoons fatfree whipped topping from an aerosol can], title: Bestest Baked Apples, picturelink: JWePnMw970GQuHMNsMQ1yWGmrXcSLoS}, 19740: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSift dry ingredients into a mixing bowl and stir to combine. Add milk and stir to combine. Fold in cracklins. Form batter into oblong cakes the size you desire and then roll in shortening. Bake in a greased baking dish for 30 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 1 cup cracklins, broken into pieces, 2 tablespoons shortening], title: Cracklin Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 19741: {instructions: Combine the chicken breasts, vinegar, olive oil, and garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Marinate for at least 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat the grill.nRemove the chicken from the marinade. Place the chicken on the grill and grill for 4 minutes per side, or until the juices run clear. Remove the chicken from the grill and set aside.nIn a food processor, combine the sundried tomatoes, goat cheese, sour cream, oregano, basil and thyme. Process until well blended. Season the cheese mixture with salt and pepper. Set aside.nSlice each chicken breast half in half. You should have 18 pieces that are each approximately 2 ounces. Cut focaccia into 18 3inch by 3inchsquares. Cut each square in half horizontally. Spread the sundried tomato goat cheese spread on the bottom half of each piece of focaccia. Top the spread with a piece of chicken. Place the top piece of bread on top of the chicken. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 14 pounds boneless chicken breasts, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt, Pepper, 1 cup sundried tomatoes, soaked for 15 minutes in hot water, 8 ounces creamy goat cheese, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 pound foccacia bread], title: Balsamic Grilled Chicken Finger Sandwiches with Sundried Tomatoes and Herbed Goat Cheese Spread, picturelink: null}, 19742: {instructions: Combine the butter, apricot preserves, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [14 pound unsalted butter at room temperature, 12 cup good apricot preserves, 18 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Apricot Butter, picturelink: null}, 19743: {instructions: For the steaks: In a small bowl, combine the paprika, thyme, salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Sprinkle on both sides of the steaks and let rest at room temperature for up to 2 hours.nIn a large pan with straight sides, add the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the steaks and sear on both sides until a deep golden color is on the bottom, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook about 4 minutes more. Remove to a plate and cover with aluminum foil.nFor the gravy: Using kitchen twine, tie the thyme and rosemary together. In the same pan you seared the steaks in, add the herb bundle and the butter. Lower the heat to medium, melt the butter and then add the onions. Season with a pinch of salt and a grind or 2 of black pepper. Cook on medium heat until the onions are tender, about 5 minutes, and then add the garlic. When the garlic becomes fragrant, about 2 minutes, add the stoneground mustard and beef stock. Stir to blend and then add the heavy cream. Taste and season with more salt, if needed, and raise the heat to a gentle simmer. Once the sauce has thickened to a gravy, lower the heat and stir in the sour cream. Add the reserved steaks back into the pan and bring to a simmer while spooning the sauce over the steaks. Cook this way until desired doneness it should take only a minute more for mediumrare. Remove from the heat and allow to rest for 5 minutes before slicing. Place the slices on a serving plate and pour the gravy over the top., ingredients: [12 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 12ounce boneless rib eye steaks, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 stalk fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup chopped onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons stoneground mustard, 1 cup beef stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Sunnys Smothered Rib Eye Steak, picturelink: RZdjKffYjIPYgSepc.kLN7br0svOLkK}, 19744: {instructions: Cover the chickpeas with 3 cups water in a large pot with 1 teaspoon baking soda and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight to soak.nThe next day, strain the chickpeas and discard the soaking liquid. Rinse the chickpeas and return them to the pot. Add the remaining teaspoon baking soda and water to cover by about 3 inches. Bring to a boil over high heat, then turn the heat down to a simmer and cook, skimming off and discarding any foam that rises to the surface, until the chickpeas are very soft and creamy not crumbly when pressed between a thumb and forefinger, about 40 minutes. If the liquid boils off while cooking, add more water to cover and continue to cook.nStrain the chickpeas and discard the liquid. Let the chickpeas sit in the strainer to drain and dry out for 5 minutes. Put the chickpeas in the bowl of a food processor along with the tahini, lemon juice, garlic, all but a pinch of the dill and 1 12 teaspoons salt and process until the mixture is a paste, scraping down the bowl as necessary. With the motor running, slowly pour in 14 cup of the ice water and continue to process until the mixture is smooth and light, about 5 minutes, adding more water a tablespoon at a time until the desired consistency is reached.nTransfer the hummus to a shallow bowl and cover by lightly pressing plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the hummus let sit at room temperature until ready to serve, up to 1 hour. The hummus can also be made a day ahead and refrigerated. Take the hummus out of the refrigerator to warm up 30 minutes before serving.nBefore serving, remove the plastic wrap from the hummus. Smooth the outer rim of the hummus with the back of a large kitchen spoon, creating a slight well in the center. Dollop the yogurt in the center. Scatter the radish slices and capers on top, sprinkle with the reserved dill and serve with slices of pumpernickel bread and cucumbers., ingredients: [8 ounces about 1 heaping cup dried chickpeas, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 34 cup tahini, Juice of 3 lemons about 12 cup, 3 cloves garlic, 12 cup packed fresh dill fronds, Kosher salt, 12 cup ice water, 14 cup wholemilk Greek yogurt, 1 medium radish, very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons capers in brine, drained and patted dry, Pumpernickel bread and sliced cucumbers, for serving], title: Lemony Dill Hummus Dip, picturelink: XRO6n7sxUd8YHFWZf3LzLBM2UU5qzG}, 19745: {instructions: Special equipment: 16 8inch skewers see cooks notenIn a nonreactive bowl, combine the olive oil, lemon juice, honey, garlic, onion, mint, parsley, rosemary, and oregano. Add the lamb and toss to coat well. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours.nPreheat the grill or a grill pan on high.nOn each skewer, thread a tomato, meat, onion, pepper, meat and mushroom. Repeat until you have 16 prepared skewers. Season the skewers with salt and pepper. Grill to desired doneness, about 3 to 5 minutes per side for medium to mediumrare. Serve with the Mint Pesto.nCombine all of the ingredients except for the oil in the blender. Pulse until well pureed. With the blender running on low, slowly drizzle in the olive oil. Taste, and adjust seasonings., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup lemon juice, 14 cup honey, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 small onion, minced, 14 cup minced mint leaves, 14 cup minced parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon minced rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon minced oregano leaves, 2 pounds boneless lamb leg or shoulder, cleaned and cut into 1 12 inch cubes, makes about 32 pieces, 16 pear or cherry tomatoes, 16 pearl onions, peeled, 1 large green pepper, cored, seeded, cut into 1inch squares at least 16 pieces, 16 small button mushrooms, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Mint Pesto, recipe follows, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon honey, Pinch kosher salt, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup olive oil], title: Lamb Kabob with Mint Pesto, picturelink: 9QBg.dGLQ9YWqIIChrRFwehONIGnfSy}, 19746: {instructions: Preheat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSprinkle both sides of the chops with some seafood seasoning, salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with some fresh thyme. Let hang out to absorb flavors.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, mix the nectarines, onions, Fresno chiles, lemon zest and juice, jalapenos, sugar and some garlic chives. Stir to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set asidenPlace the chops in the skillet and brown on both sides, 6 to 7 minutes total. Transfer the chops to a half baking sheet and place in the oven to finish cooking, 5 to 6 minutes, or until slightly pink in the middle.nServe the chops with the pico de gallo., ingredients: [4 bonein pork chops, about 1inch thick, lightly pounded to like sizes, Seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, for drizzling, Sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and chopped, 2 to 3 nectarines, chopped, 14 to 12 red onion, finely diced, 1 red Fresno chile, diced, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 12 green jalapeno, diced, Pinch sugar, Garlic chives, chopped], title: CastIron Pork Chops with Nectarine Pico de Gallo, picturelink: nMc5QCbbrYhyjmC0VP19POfn63j5km}, 19747: {instructions: Rub the cut sides of the tomato along the coarse holes of a grater into a bowl discard the skins.nWhisk in 14 cup water, the vinegar, lemon juice, dijon mustard, sugar, olive oil, garlic, oregano, basil, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [1 medium tomato, halved, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, Pinch of sugar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 small clove garlic, minced, 18 teaspoon dried oregano, 18 teaspoon dried basil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Light Italian Dressing, picturelink: 9yEwvks5Gqd6A9rcG3icJP4iO1Zzz2O}, 19748: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients, except the oils, in a blender and process on high speed. With the machine running, gradually add the olive and walnut oils until the vinaigrette is emulsified, about 1 minute. Refrigerate until ready to serve. The vinaigrette can be prepared up to 1 week in advance, covered and refrigerated.nNote: To toast walnuts, place the walnuts in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F. oven, stirring occasionally, until toasted, 8 to 12 minutes. Cool completely, ingredients: [cup 4 ounces walnuts, lightly toasted see Note, 1 cup water, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 2 teaspoons fine sea salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup imported walnut oil], title: Walnut Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 19749: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, herbes de Provence, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.nIn a stand mixer, fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the butter and goat cheese together until smooth. Beat in the sugar and eggs. In batches, add the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Transfer the dough to the prepared baking sheet. With damp hands, form the dough into a 13inchlong, 3 12inchwide loaf. Bake until light golden, about 30 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet for 30 minutes.nTransfer the loaf to a cutting board. Using a serrated knife, cut the log on the diagonal into 12inch thick slices. Arrange the biscotti, cut side down, on the baking sheet. Bake until pale golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer the biscotti to a wire rack and cool completely, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons herbes de Provence, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup 2 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 eggs, beaten, at room temperature], title: Savory Biscotti, picturelink: qNdtR1W6NlC1TkkWgE9t873cxMWp0vy}, 19750: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to medium. Use a wire grill brush to loosen any crud or soot from the grate. Use an oiled side towel to remove any loosened crud.nPut the corn and the tomatillos on the grill and grill until they get charred and black on all sides. Remove from the grill and let cool.nCut the kernels from the corn cob and scrape any residual bits of corn off the cob. Scrape any really charred bits of skin off the tomatillos and then cut them into 12inch chunks.nIn a large bowl, combine the corn, tomatillos, black beans, garlic, scallions, and jalapenos, if using. In a small bowl or measuring cup, combine the vinegar and oil. Pour over the salsa and season with salt, to taste. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if needed. Toss in the cilantro and serve., ingredients: [4 ears corn, shucked, 3 tomatillos, papery outer skin removed, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, optional, 14 to 12 cup white vinegar, 14 cup canola oil, Kosher salt, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves roughly chopped], title: Corn Salsa, picturelink: ARVN41kBh8Z5X0PGWyIz3jNz2bmay}, 19751: {instructions: Place the cabbage in a large bowl and toss it with the salt, using your hands to press down firmly on the cabbage to encourage the cabbage to release some of its moisture and better absorb the salt. Transfer the cabbage to a colander and let it sit for 20 minutes to drain.nUsing paper towels or a kitchen towel, squeeze as much liquid as possible from the cabbage and place it in a clean, large bowl. Toss with the mangoes, cilantro, lime juice, vinegar and sugar. Let the coleslaw sit at room temperature for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 head red cabbage, halved and very finely shredded about 8 cups, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large or 2 small ripe mangoes, peeled, fruit sliced from the pit, and diced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup lime juice about 2 limes, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar], title: Mango and Red Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: 9EMQclf5UfgPfHOdqpgwWspXN78HWK}, 19752: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spread the pepitas out on a baking sheet and toast until fragrant and light brown, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and let cool.nLine the same baking sheet with parchment paper. Roast the squash cutside down on the baking sheet until the skin is brown in spots and the flesh very tender when pierced with a knife, about 45 minutes. Let the squash cool on the baking sheet until cool enough to handle, about 40 minutes.nPeel the skin of the squash away and discard. Add the squash flesh, chickpeas, tahini, cinnamon, garlic and 2 teaspoons salt to the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Add 3 to 5 tablespoons water to thin out the mixture until it is smooth and light. Scrape the mixture out into a 2quart serving dish or 9inch glass pie plate.nSqueeze the juice from the lemon half all around the surface and scatter the feta, arugula, pomegranate seeds and pepitas on top. Serve with warm wholewheat pita triangles., ingredients: [2 tablespoons shelled pepitas, One 2pound butternut squash, split lengthwise, seeds removed and discarded, One 14ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 12 cup tahini, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 garlic clove, Kosher salt, 12 lemon2 ounces feta cheese, crumbled about 12 cup, 12 cup lightly packed arugula leaves, roughly chopped, 14 cup pomegranate seeds, Warm wholewheat pita triangles, for serving], title: Sweet and Savory Butternut Squash Hummus Dip, picturelink: XRO6n7sxUd8YHFWZf3LzLBM2UU5qzG}, 19753: {instructions: 1. In small skillet heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add shallots. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until browned. Add vinegar. Cook, uncovered, about 30 seconds or until slightly reduced. Set aside.n2. In small bowl combine goat cheese, milk, thyme, salt and pepper. Stir until soft and creamy.n3. Place one folded piece of prosciutto on each KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE Original cracker. Spoon about 1 teaspoon of goat cheese mixture on each. Top each with some of the shallot mixture., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 large shallots, finely chopped about 34 cup, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 4 ounces goat cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon milk, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 thin slices prosciutto, crosswise cut into 1 12inchwide strips about 3 oz. total, 24 Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Original crackers], title: ThymeScented Goat Cheese with Prosciutto and Shallots, picturelink: SBZoi1vRcMLir6852GurxkZvMUtgb2}, 19754: {instructions: Adjust oven rack to middle position and preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine crushed graham crackers, melted butter and 14 cup sugar. Press graham cracker crust in the bottom of a 10inch springform pan coming up about 1inch on the sides. Seal the outside of the pan with foil and set in a baking dish. Add water to the baking dish to come 1inch up the sides. Bake crust for 10 minutes.nZest lemons until you have 1 tablespoon of lemon zest. Place zest in a small bowl and set aside. Squeeze the lemons to acquire 34 cup lemon juice and set aside.nIn a mixing bowl, using an electric mixer, with paddle, beat cream cheese until smooth. Gradually add 1 14 cups sugar and continue to beat until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add egg yolks, flour, lemon juice, and zest and beat until smooth.nIn a separate mixing bowl, whip the egg whites to soft peaks. Add remaining sugar to the egg whites and continue to whip until stiff peaks have formed. Fold the egg whites into the lemon batter. Pour batter into the crust. Bake cheesecake until set and golden, about 55 to 65 minutes.nRemove from oven and cool in the pan on a cooling rack, about 4 hours. Once cooled, refrigerate uncovered until chilled. Add premade Lemon Curd on top of cheesecake. Loosen sides with a cake spatula before unmolding and serve.nOver medium heat whisk to combine yolks, zest, lemon juice and sugar in a 1 quart saucepan.nCook for approximately 8 minutes until the mixture thickens and looks smooth. Remove saucepan from heat and add butter, one piece at a time with a wooden spoon until it is fully incorporated. Pour mixture into a bowl and put plastic directly on top of mixture.nLet cool on counter then refrigerate., ingredients: [18 graham crackers crushed, 12 cup melted butter, 14 cup sugar, plus 1 14 cups sugar, plus 14 cup sugar, 3 large lemons, 4 eggs, separated, 24 ounces softened cream cheese, three 8ounce packages, 13 cup flour, Lemon Curd, recipe follows, 3 extralarge or 4 regular egg yolks, strained through a sieve, 1 lemon, zested, 13 cup lemon juice, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup unsalted butter, cut into pieces], title: Dianas Favorite Lemon Mousse Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 19755: {instructions: Wipe the London Broil with a damp paper towel and pat it dry. Place the meat in a dish and cover it with a marinade prepared from the red wine and the garlic, and allow it to sit for 2 hours. Preheat the broiler. Place the remaining ingredients in a spice mill and process until they are coarse powder. Remove the London broil from the marinade, sprinkle it with the powder on all sides until it is well coated, place it in a broilerproof pan and cook for 5 to 7 minutes on each side, or until it is medium rare. Slice diagonally and serve., ingredients: [1 1pound piece of London Broil, 1 cup dry red wine, 3 cloves garlic, mashed, 1 tablespoon tellicherry peppercorns, 2 tablespoons Lawrys lemon pepper, 2 teaspoons freezedried green peppercorns, 2 teaspoons allspice berries, 2 teaspoons cubebs, 1 teaspoon melegueta pepper], title: Pepper Crusted London Broil, picturelink: null}, 19756: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine ingredients and shake well in martini shaker with ice. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass, or pour into larger pitcher. Repeat process if pouring into pitcher and not serving immediately., ingredients: [34ounce Campari, 34ounce gin, 34ounce sweet vermouth, Ice], title: Negroni, picturelink: KHC05oOwe7y7ezzwkDqY1Aizgr07HB2}, 19757: {instructions: 4 overripe bananas, mashed, about 1 13 cupsnIn a saucepan combine half and half, sugar and vanilla bean seeds and pod. Bring to a boil. In a bowl whisk egg yolks. While whisking stream in about 13 of hot cream mixture. Return saucepan to heat and whisk egg mixture into sweetened cream. Continue to stir over medium heat until the mixture thickens and comes just to the boil. Strain custard into a bowl over ice. Transfer to a prepared ice cream maker. Follow manufacturers instructions. Add bananas just before freezing is finished. Freeze until firm., ingredients: [2 12 cups half and half, 34 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, 8 egg yolks], title: Banana Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 19758: {instructions: Special equipment: boneshape chocolate moldsnFor the marzipan: In a food processor, blend the flour, confectioners sugar and almond extract until a paste forms, then transfer to a piping bag and set aside.nFor the jam: Pour 34 cup of the granulated sugar into a medium pot set over medium heat. Add the raspberries and the lemon juice and mix together, then bring to a boil. In a separate small bowl, mix the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar with the pectin to prevent clumping. Once the fruit mixture comes to a boil, add in the pectin mixture and chile powder, and continue boiling for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nTransfer the cool jam to a piping bag.nFill the chocolate molds with the melted chocolate and knock them carefully on a hard surface to release any air bubbles. Pour out excess chocolate back into the bowl of melted chocolate. Scrape the flat portion of the mold to clean off any excess chocolate. Chill until the chocolate hardens. Pipe a thin layer of the marzipan paste inside the center of the bone, and then a thin piping of raspberry red chile jam, leaving a little bit of space at the top. Top with more melted white chocolate, then chill and unmold once set. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups almond flour, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons almond extract, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup raspberries, Splash lemon juice, 1 ounce pectin, 1 teaspoon chile powder, 3 12 pounds white chocolate, melted], title: Marzipan and Jam Filled Bones, picturelink: SzLSxP6vrEWYHs3bAxlXkPCkwydEje}, 19759: {instructions: Whisk together the mustard, vinegar, honey, Worcestershire, onion powder, garlic powder, salt and pepper in a medium bowl., ingredients: [1 cup yellow mustard, 13 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Tangy Mustard BBQ Sauce South Carolina Style, picturelink: sRj6PH1jtAsH9tpXA2WTWikwG6Ht.oG}, 19760: {instructions: This homemade chili powder will add a smoky depth to chili and as a dry rub for steaks. Toast the ancho chile pieces over low heat in a dry skillet until fragrant, shaking the pan so they dont scorch. Put the chiles in a mini food processor and pulse to a powder. Add the remaining ingredients and buzz again to combine., ingredients: [3 ancho chiles, seeded and handtorn into pieces, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Ancho Chili Powder, picturelink: null}, 19761: {instructions: Using 1 tablespoon of Tailgators Rib Rub, evenly season the rack of ribs on both sides, Do not overseason this may cause a crust on ribs. Allow seasoned ribs to rest covered in the refrigerator for at least 4 to 5 hours.nAccording to your smokers manufacturers instructions, smoke the ribs concave side down for 2 hours and 45 minutes at 220 degrees F, using hickory wood.nAfter the first hour of smoking, begin to spray ribs with basting liquid every half hour until cook cycle is finished.nAfter the cook cycle, remove ribs, mop them with BBQ sauce and allow to rest.nIn a large foil pan place cooking racks on the bottom and fill with water just below the rack line. Place the ribs so the bones are vertical and layer them in the pan. Do not allow the meat side of the ribs to touch the walls of the pan.nPlace foil pan over mediumhigh heat and cook for 7 minutes. Remove ribs from the pan and place ribs on a mediumhigh grill and mop with BBQ sauce, turning frequently in order to not allow the sauce to burn.nMix all above ingredients by hand. Store in an airtight container.nPlace first 4 ingredients in a labeled spray bottle. Add water to fill the spray bottle and shake to mix thoroughly. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [12 cup Tailgators Rib Rub, recipe follows, 4 slabs back ribs, skin removed, 1 hickory log, Basting Liquid, recipe follows, 1 12 cup BBQ sauce, your favorite, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup kosher salt, 1 cup paprika, 34 cup garlic powder, 12 cup onion powder, 12 cup chili powder, 12 cup cayenne pepper, 14 cup dried oregano, 14 cup ground black pepper, 14 cup ground cumin, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 dashes hot sauce, Water], title: Tailgators Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: 76Eov.l5CPVGXPr84SNw.MyFem3j9cK}, 19762: {instructions: Make the tea: Combine 8 cups water, the orange peel and cinnamon stick in a saucepan over low heat and bring to a boil. Add the tea bags and turn off the heat. Let the tea steep for about 5 minutes no more or else it will be bitter, then remove the tea bags and chill the tea dont remove the cinnamon stick or the orange peel yet.nMeanwhile, make the syrup: Combine 1 cup water, the sugar and ginger in a small saucepan over low heat and bring to a boil without stirring. Once boiling, turn off the heat. Rip the mint leaves and stalks into pieces and drop into the syrup. Let cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Strain the syrup, discarding the mint and ginger.nStrain the tea into a pitcher. Add the mint syrup according to your taste buds and stir. Serve in tall glasses over ice and garnish with orange slices and cinnamon sticks, if you like. Sip languorously.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [2 large pieces orange peel, plus orange slices for garnish optional, 1 cinnamon stick, plus more for garnish optional, 8 black tea bags, 1 cup sugar, 6 quartersize coins peeled ginger, chopped, 6 sprigs fresh mint], title: Kuwaiti CinnamonOrange Iced Tea, picturelink: ll0KXYVHxnEiXIHbA169Sme3UUeAr.}, 19763: {instructions: Reseason potatoes with salt and pepper, stir in cheese. Take a mayonnaise or peanut butter lid, line with plastic wrap to use as a mold. Pack the potato mixture into the lid, unwrap it and place the patty on a baking sheet. You may refrigerate them covered with plastic wrap until the next day, or fry immediately.nTo cook, dredge the patties in flour. Heat olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add patties. Just before frying, dredge the patties again with flour.nAdd the patties to the oil without crowding them you may have to cook them in batches. Cook until underside is golden brown, about 5 minutes, flip and brown the other side. Remove from the skillet and drain on paper towels. Serve hot with leftover gravy., ingredients: [3 cups mashed potatoes, Grey salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Flour, for dredging, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, Leftover gravy], title: Mashed Potato Polpetti Patties, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 19764: {instructions: Cut 1 pound each yellow beefsteak tomatoes and nectarines into wedges. Top with 2 ounces shaved ricotta salata and salt and pepper. Toast 2 tablespoons pine nuts with 2 tablespoons olive oil over low heat. Off the heat, swirl in 2 teaspoons white balsamic vinegar drizzle over the salad.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: NectarineTomato Salad, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 19765: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. In a small mixing bowl, combine basil, garlic, ricotta cheese and soft bread crumbs bind the ingredients together with egg yolk.nWith heavy shears, cut each bird along one side of backbone and remove as much fat as possible. Cut backbone away insert your fingers under the skin covering the breast and top of drumsticks. Loosen skin as much as possible and insert some stuffing between flesh and skin. Set bird halves, breast side up in a baking pan rub olive oil over the skin and season with salt and pepper.nBake for about 10 minutes, lower heat to 375 degrees and bake for 35 to 40 minutes longer or until done let bird rest 10 minute before serving to let stuffing settle and firm up. Serve with bread and 1 or 2 vegetable purees., ingredients: [14 cup washed basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, Small clove garlic, or garlic paste, 12 cup lowfat ricotta cheese, About 14 to 13 cup fresh bread crumbs, 1 egg yolk, Salt and pepper, 1 rock Cornish game hen, about 1 and 12 pounds in weight, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestions: bread and 1 or 2 vegetable purees], title: Cornish Game Hens, Stuffed Under the Skin, picturelink: null}, 19766: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees. Thickly butter 8 ovenproof ramekins, coffee cups, or custard cups. Whip the eggs in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment  or using a hand mixer until light and fluffy. Add the sugar and mix until combined. Add the milk, butter, vanilla, and chocolate and mix until combined. Sift the flour with the salt and baking powder twice. Add to the egg mixture and mix until combined. Pour the batter into the ramekins, filling each about 23 full. Cover each cup with foil. Arrange the cups in a hotwater bath and bake until firm on top, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove the cups from the water and remove the foil. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted, 1 12 cups all purpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder], title: Steamed Chocolate Pudding Cake, picturelink: null}, 19767: {instructions: Simmer apples, covered, in a large saucepan with 13 cup water until tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer mixture to a blender. Working in small batches, blend until smooth. Pass through a fine sieve. For a coarser texture, pass apples through a food mill or pulse in a food processor. Fill 14 cup plastic containers or icecube trays., ingredients: [4 pounds apples skins on, washed, cored, and cut into 1inch pieces], title: Applesauce  Babyfood, picturelink: null}, 19768: {instructions: Put freshly brewed coffee into ice cube trays to make iced coffee cubes. Brew another fresh pot of coffee and chill. To make a glass of iced coffee: pour chilled brewed coffee over coffee ice cubes add sugar and milk to taste.nICED COFFEE  METHOD 2nBrew double strength coffee and chill before serving add sugar milk or cream to taste., ingredients: [], title: Iced Coffee  Method 1, picturelink: null}, 19769: {instructions: Heat the broiler. Lay the whole tomatillos and serranos on a broiler pan or baking sheet. Set the pan 4 inches below the broiler and let roast until the tomatillos are softened and splotchy black in places the skins will split, about 5 minutes your goal is to cook the tomatillos through while they roast, which means theyll change from light bright green to olive green on the top side. With a pair of tongs, flip over the tomatillos and chiles and roast the other side for another 4 to 5 minutes or so. Set aside to cool. Turn the oven down to 425 degrees. Separate the onion into rings and, on a similar pan or baking sheet, combine them with the garlic. Place in the oven. Stir carefully every couple of minutes, until the onions are beautifully browned. Theyre going to look wilted and translucent, even have a touch of char on some of the edges. The garlic should feel soft and be browned in spots. The total roasting time will be about 15 minutes. Cool to room temperature. In a food processor, place the oniongarlic mixture and the serranos, and pulse until moderateley finely chopped, scraping everything down with a spatula as needed to keep it all moving. Scoop the mixture into a large bowl. Without washing the processor, coarsely puree the tomatillos with their juice, no need to peel off their darkened skin or cut out their cores. Stir them into the chiles. Stir in enough water to give the salsa an easily spoonable consistency. Stir in the cilantro. Taste and season highly with salt. Taste again and, if you like, add just enough sugar to take the edge off the bright tanginess of the tomatillos. If you are planning to use your salsa right away, simply pour it into a bowl and it is ready, or refrigerate it covered and use within 5 days.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the beans with 3 cups of water and the herbs and bay leaves. Partially cover the pan and bring to a good rolling boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer the beans very gently still partially covered until they are tender, about 1 hour if you simmer them gently enough, they wont begin to fall apart before becoming thoroughly tender. Add more water if the beans ever begin peeking up above the surface of the water. While beans cook, in a 6 quart Dutch oven cook the bacon slices over medium heat, turning them occasionally, until thoroughly crispy. Remove to drain on paper towels, and when cool, crumble. Tip the Dutch oven slightly, spoon off most of the fat that collects, and add it to the simmering beans. Heat the oven to 325 degrees. If your pork loin roast is in 2 sections that have been tied together, untie them. Sprinkle the meat liberally with salt. Heat the Dutch oven over mediumhigh until quite hot. Lay in the pork and brown thoroughly on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Pour in the salsa and nestle in the epazote if you it. Cover the pot and place it the oven. Cook until the pork registers about 150 degrees on a meat or instantread thermometer the meat will feel rather firm not hard to the touch, and cutting into the center will reveal only the slightest hint of pink. The total cooking time should be about 45 minutes. Remove the epazote and set the pot aside uncovered. When the beans are tender, season them with about 1 teaspoon salt, let stand for a few minutes for the beans to absorb the seasoning, then drain off their cooking liquid. Remove the pork to a cutting board, add the beans to the pork pot, set over medium heat and season with salt. Slice the pork, laying the slices slightly overlapping on a warm serving platter. Spoon the beans and sauce around the meat, sprinkle everything with the crumbled bacon, garnish with herb sprigs and carry to the table., ingredients: [2 pounds tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 8 to 10 fresh serrano chiles, stemmed, 1 large white onion, sliced 14inch thick, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 cup water, 23 cup cilantro, chopped, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup 7 ounces small dried white beans, picked over, 3 cups cold water, 1 teaspoon mixed dried herbs thyme and marjoram are classic in Mexico, 3 bay leaves, 4 thick slices smoky bacon, 1 2 pound boneless pork loin roast, untied, Salt, about 1 teaspoon, plus a sprinkling for the sauce and meat, 3 cups Roasted Tomatillo Salsa recipe above, 1 small branch fresh epazote, if available, Sprigs of cilantro, parsley, watercress or epazote, for garnish], title: TomatilloBraised Pork Loin with Herby White Beans and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 19770: {instructions: For the scones: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Split the vanilla beans in half lengthwise and scrape out all the vanilla caviar inside. Stir the caviar into the cream. Set aside for 15 minutes.nSift together the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt. Cut the cold butter into pats, and then use a pastry cutter or two knives to cut the butter into the flour. Keep going until the mixture resembles crumbs.nMix the vanilla cream with the egg, and then combine with the flour mixture. Stir gently with a fork just until it comes together.nTurn the dough onto a floured surface and lightly press it together until it forms a rough rectangle. Mixture will be pretty crumbly. Use a rolling pin to roll into a rectangle about 12by7 inches and 12to34inches thick. Use your hands to help with the forming if necessary. Then cut the rectangle into 12 symmetrical squaresrectangles. Next, cut each squarerectangle in half diagonally, to form two triangles. Transfer to a parchment or bakingmatlined cookie sheet and bake for 18 minutes, removing from the oven just before they start to turn golden. Allow to cool for 15 minutes on the cookie sheet, and then transfer to a cooling rack to cool completely.nFor the glaze: Split the vanilla bean in half lengthwise and scrape out the caviar. Stir the caviar into the milk. Set aside for 15 minutes.nMix the powdered sugar and salt with the vanilla milk, adding more powdered sugar or milk if necessary to get the right consistency. Stir or whisk until completely smooth.nOne at a time, carefully dunk each cooled scone in the glaze, turning it over if necessary. Transfer to parchment paper or the cooling rack. Allow the glaze to set completely, about an hour. Scones will keep several days if glazed., ingredients: [2 whole vanilla beans, 34 cups heavy cream, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 23 cups granulated sugar, 5 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks 12 pound unsalted butter, chilled, 1 whole large egg, 1 whole vanilla bean, 12 cup whole milk, plus more if needed, 5 cups powdered sugar, sifted, plus more if needed, Dash of salt], title: Mini Vanilla Scones with Vanilla Bean Glaze, picturelink: TTtn31X9Y4uqD4XKUvSJ4GR.zZure}, 19771: {instructions: Special equipment: Bamboo SkewersnPound each chicken breast between 2 lightly oiled sheets of parchment or waxed paper into a 4 by 4 inch piece about 18inch thick.nLay a piece of chicken smoothside down on the work surface. Spread 12 teaspoon of the chile paste over the surface and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Trim and halve the scallions lengthwise. Lay them sidebyside across the lower third of the chicken, so there is white and greens at both ends. Top with 2 or 3 pieces of the red and yellow peppers. Roll the chicken around the vegetables into a tight cylinder. Thread a wooden skewer through the seam of the roll to seal. Repeat with the remaining chicken and vegetables to make 4 rolls. These can be made up to 24 hours ahead and refrigerated.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat the oil in an ovenproof nonstick skillet over high heat. Season the rolls with salt and pepper, to taste. Lay the rolls, seam side down, in the pan, and cook, turning occasionally, until browned, about 2 minutes. Transfer the pan to the oven, and cook until the chicken is cooked through, about 5 minutes more. Meanwhile, make the sauce. Combine the lime juice, fish sauce, water, chile paste, honey, mint and coriander in a small bowl and set aside.nTo serve: Carefully remove the skewers, taking care to keep the rolls intact. Cut across the rolls to make round pieces about 34inch thick, and thread onto skewers. Transfer to a platter, sprinkle with peanuts and serve with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 4 ounces each, 2 teaspoons Asian chile paste, such as sambal oelek, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 scallions, 14 red bell pepper, cut into long thin strips, 14 yellow bell pepper, cut into long thin strips, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, like soy or peanut, 2 tablespoons chopped toasted peanuts, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons Southeast Asian fish sauce, 2 tablespoons water, 12 teaspoon Asian chile paste, such as sambal oelek, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint or coriander cilantro], title: Thaistyle Chicken Skewers, picturelink: AmytEIHGKJPb4dQP1ux7giVIECbt6dm}, 19772: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. and butter a large baking sheet. In a bowl whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt.nIn another bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg, zest, and orange juice and beat until combined will. Stir in flour mixture until a stiff dough is formed. Stir in walnuts.nOn baking sheet with floured hands form dough into 2 9inch long logs and bake in middle of oven until slightly firm to the touch, about 13 minutes. Cool biscotti on baking sheet on a rack for 15 minutes. In a cutting board with a serrated knife cut logs diagonally into 12inchthick slices. Arrange biscotti, a cut side down, on baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 15 minutes. Cool biscotti on rack. Biscotti may be made 1 week ahead and kept in airtight containers, or 1 month ahead and frozen., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon freshly grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, 12 cup chopped walnuts, toasted], title: Chocolate Walnut Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 19773: {instructions: Place the chopped chocolate into a large bowl. In a heavy saucepan heat the heavy cream until it just begins to simmer. Pour the cream over the chocolate. Stir until all of the chocolate has melted. The ganache is ready to pour., ingredients: [12 ounces heavy cream, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped], title: Chocolate Ganache, picturelink: null}, 19774: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda, and salt mix well. Add the milk, vegetable oil, egg, sugar and vanilla and mix well. Let the batter sit for 30 minutes.nPreheat a waffle iron. Do not use nonstick spray on the waffle iron the oil in the batter will allow the waffle to release easily. Follow the directions on your waffle iron to cook the waffles. Serve immediately with butter and syrup., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup whole milk or buttermilk, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 egg, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, Butter and syrup, for serving], title: Waffle of Insane Greatness, picturelink: 6GE.NutrG9UNM1Mx4XDaxi3.YZh1op6}, 19775: {instructions: To make the octopus: Coat a large saucepan with olive oil and toss in the garlic, carrot, celery and onion. Season with salt and crushed red pepper and bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat. Cook the veggies until they are soft and aromatic, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the vinegar and fill the pan with water. Season with salt, toss in the bay leaves and bring the water to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and simmer for 20 minutes. Add the baby octopus and simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from the liquid and let cool. This part can sooooooo be done ahead.nTo prep the salad: Coat a large straightsided saute pan with olive oil, toss in the onions, season with salt and crushed red pepper. Bring the pan to a medium heat and cook the onions until they start to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Toss in the beans, chicken stock and celery and cook until the stock has reduced by a little more than half. Turn off the heat and reserve the bean mixture.nPreheat the grill. Cut the heads off the octopus and cut the legs into sections of 2 legs. Oil the legs and place them on the grill to slightly char and heat up the octopus.nIn a large bowl, toss the arugula and celery leaves with the lemon juice and olive oil and season with salt. Divide among 4 serving plates and spoon some of the warm bean mixture onto the arugula. Arrange the legs between the plates. Drizzle with big fat finishing oil.nDrain the beans from the soaking water and place in a medium saucepan. Toss in the garlic cloves, bay leaf, carrot, celery, thyme and onion. Add water to the pan until it covers the beans by about 2 inches.nPut the pan on a high heat and bring the water to a boil, reduce to a simmer and simmer until the beans are very soft and tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Turn the heat off.nSeason the water generously with salt and let sit for 15 minutes. Drain the beans from the cooking liquid and remove the veggies, bay and thyme and discard. Yield: 2 12 cups cooked beans., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 carrot, peeled and cut into 12inch lengths, 1 rib celery, cut into 12inch lengths, 12 red onion, cut in half, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 3 bay leaves, 2 baby octopus about 1 pound, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1 12 cups Cooked Cannellini Beans, recipe follows, or 1 can cannellini beans, rinsed, 12 cup chicken stock, 3 celery ribs from the light green delicate inside, cut very thin on a bias, 3 cups washed baby arugula, 12 cup celery leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, Big fat finishing oil, 1 cup dried cannellini beans, soaked overnight, 2 cloves garlic, 1 bay leaf, 1 carrot, peeled, 1 rib celery, 1 bundle fresh thyme, 12 Spanish onion, Kosher salt], title: Grilled Octopus with Celery and Cannellini Bean Salad, picturelink: kY4j.2apss8heldvl93DNPIIMjXyIAe}, 19776: {instructions: Combine anchovies, black pepper, and olive oil in a blender. Puree about 5 minutes until very smooth. Measure and reserve one third cup for use with croutons. Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Place a refrigerated egg on a slotted spoon and into boiling water. Cook 1 12 minutes, remove, and reserve. Place remaining dressing ingredients in a large bowl and whisk in anchovy mixture. Crack open egg and spoon including the parts that are uncooked into mixture. Whisk until well combined. The dressing may be refrigerated at this stage. Combine reserved anchovy mixture with diced bread in a bowl and toss to coat. Heat a dry cast iron skillet over medium high and cook croutons, stirring constantly, until golden and crisp. Wash and dry lettuce and break into bitesized pieces. Place in a salad bowl along with dressing and grated Parmesan cheese and toss well. Add toasted croutons, toss again, and serve., ingredients: [5 anchovies, 1 teaspoon cracked black peppercorns, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon pureed garlic, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 3 dashes of Tabasco, 3 dashes of Worcestershire sauce, 12 loaf sourdough or hearty French or Italian Bread, with crust, diced for croutons, 2 medium heads romaine lettuce, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 19777: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nButter a small lasagna syle serving dish. In a large bowl, beat the whole eggs with yolks and brown sugar until smooth. Add spices and pumpkin puree and blend until smooth. Add cream, milk and extract.nPlace one layer of bread in prepared pan. Pour half of the batter over them, making sure to cover the slices thoroughly. Sprinkle almonds and raisins over the first layer and then add another layer of bread on top. Gently pour the remaining batter voer the top of the bread being sure to submerge the bread, pushing them down by hand if necessary. Allow pudding to rest at room temperature up to an hour.nFill a deep cookie sheet with 12 inch of water to create a water bath for cooking. Place filled lasagna pan in water. Bake for 35 to 50 minutes or until the top is golden and firm.nServe with your favorite whipped cream or ice cream., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, 3 egg yolks, 5 eggs, 34 cup brown sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 3 4 cup pumpkin puree, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 and 34 cups whole milk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 loaf pumpkin bread, 12 cup raisins, 14 cup toasted almond slices], title: Pumpkin Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 19778: {instructions: Make pudding cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together flour, salt, and 12 cup sugar in a bowl. Whisk together yolks, milk, zest, and juice and add to dry ingredients, whisking until combined well.nBeat whites in a large bowl with an electric mixer until they hold soft peaks, then gradually add remaining 14 cup sugar, beating, and continue to beat until whites hold stiff, glossy peaks. Whisk about onefourth of whites into batter to lighten, then fold in remaining whites gently but thoroughly batter will be thin.nPour batter into a lightly oiled 1 12quart gratin or other shallow baking dish and bake in a hot water bath until puffed and golden, 40 to 45 minutes.nMake raspberry coulis while cake is baking: Puree raspberries with syrup, sugar, and lemon juice in a blender or food processor. Pour mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids.nServe pudding cake with syrup.nNotes: Coulis keeps 3 days, covered and chilled. You can also make this coulis with fresh raspberries. The amounts will be slightly different: Use 2 12 cups fresh raspberries and 14 cup sugar., ingredients: [14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, separated, 1 cup 1percent milk, 1 large lemon, zested, 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 10ounces package frozen raspberries in syrup, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste], title: Lemon Pudding Cake with Raspberry Coulis, picturelink: nA7V5iQqaFcIEQQ0MKqVdUioieXjPu}, 19779: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the lemon zest, lemon juice, oil, oregano, and garlic powder. Generously season each side of the lamb chops with salt and pepper. Add to the lemon juice mixture and toss to combine. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Remove from the refrigerator about 20 minutes before cooking.nPreheat an outdoor grill to mediumhigh. Grill the lamb chops for 3 to 4 minutes, until slightly charred on one side. Flip and cook for 2 to 3 minutes longer for mediumrare to medium doneness. Serve hot., ingredients: [Grated zest of 1 lemon, Juice of 2 lemons, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 lamb chops], title: Grilled Lamb Chops, picturelink: Ml8FRHseHjEqI0osDnEfGGBpyYSt1Cu}, 19780: {instructions: Dust a clean, dry surface with a small amount of flour take a pinch between your fingers and then throw it onto the countertop like you were shooting dice. With a rolling pin, roll the pate sablee using quick, short strokes from the middle of the dough, until youve formed a circle roughly 10inches in diameter and about 14inch thick. Every few strokes, lift and turn the dough a quarterturn, dusting underneath with a small amount more of flour, if necessary, to prevent sticking. Place your rolling pin over the bottom quarter of the dough and lift the bottom edge of the dough up and over the pin. Roll the pin away from you slightly to help gather the dough circle onto the pin, then unroll the dough onto a parchment paper lined baking sheet. Place the baking sheet in the refrigerator to chill for 10 minutes and up to 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the plum wedges in a bowl and toss with the sugar and juice of half a lemon. Remove the baking sheet from the freezer. Working from the center, arrange the plum wedges thickly over the dough, leaving about a 1 12inch border all around the edges. Fold the exposed edges of dough up and over the plums so that the galette looks something like a pizza with a border of crust all around the outside. Brush the dough with the beaten egg and sprinkle with more sugar. Place on the bottom rack of the oven and bake until the crust is golden and the fruit is soft, about 1 hour. Remove from oven and allow to cool slightly on a baking rack. If using, sprinkle with the toasted almonds.nWhen the galette is no longer hot to the touch, slide onto a cake plate or pedestal. Serve warm or at room temperature.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the flour, sugar, and salt. Pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse the food processor on and off until the mixture resembles coarse sand with peasized lumps of butter still showing. Add the egg yolk and the ice water and pulse on and off until the mixture comes together but does not form a single mass. Turn the dough out onto a clean surface and gather it up into a loose ball. Working with a small bit of dough at a time, smoosh the dough across the counter away from you with the heel of your hand and then scrape it up with a pastry cutter and gather it back together, forming a second ball. Repeat with the remaining dough until all the smooshed dough is in a single ball. Flatten into a disk, wrap well in plastic wrap, and let rest in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes and up to overnight.nYield: 1 tart shellnPrep Time: 15 minutesnCook Time: nonenInactive Prep Time: 30 minutesnEase of preparation: intermediate, ingredients: [Pate Sablee, recipe follows, Flour, for dusting, 6 to 8 large plums, about 1 12 pounds, cut into 14inch wedges, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 lemon, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoons blanched, slivered almonds, toasted, optional, Special Equipment: A rimless baking sheet, pastry brush, 1 12 cups all purpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 10 tablespoons butter, cut in 12inch cubes, chilled, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons ice water, Special Equipment: A food processor], title: Plum Galette, picturelink: c7P1O3F87UDYk2jMgE2R4vlREpwFV6}, 19781: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 300 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Pulse the flour, granulated sugar, confectioners sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the almond paste and orange zest pulse until fine crumbs form. With the motor running, slowly add the egg white and process until the dough comes together. You can also mix the dough in a bowl with your fingers.nPut the pine nuts in a small bowl. Form tablespoonfuls of dough into balls with damp hands and roll in the pine nuts to coat completely. Arrange 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until light golden around the edge, 18 to 20 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 7ounce tube almond paste, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 large egg white, 1 cup pine nuts], title: Pignoli Cookies, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 19782: {instructions: In a large saute pan, fry the plantains in butter until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Fry the eggs to desired degree of doneness in butter. In another saute pan, fry the corn tortillas in butter. Set aside.nLayer tortilla with ham, eggs, and the salsa. Top with sour cream, peas, and fresh cheese. Garnish with the plantain.nCombine all the ingredients and boil for 20 minutes and then chop in blender and add salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 large plantain banana, sliced into 14inch rounds, 2 ounces butter, 8 eggs, 4 corn tortillas, 4 slices ham, 8 ounces tomato salsa, recipe follows, 4 ounces sour cream, 1 cup green peas, cooked, 1 cup grated queso fresca fresh cheese, Salt, 4 tomatoes, chopped, 12 onion, chopped, 3 Serrano chiles, 1 tablespoon chopped coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Eggs Motulenos with Plantains in Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 19783: {instructions: Place salad greens in a salad bowl and top with tomatoes, cucumbers, onion, and carrot. Place oil, vinegar and sugar in a small plastic container. Put the lid on the container and shake dressing until sugar dissolves, about 1 minute. Pour dressing over salad. Season salad with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to combine., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine lettuce, 2 small plum tomatoes, diced, 1 Kirby cucumber or 14 European seedless cucumber, diced, 1 small yellow onion or 12 red onion, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and shredded, 14 cup a couple of glugs extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons a couple of splashes red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, Coarse salt and black pepper], title: Your Basic Tossed Salad, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 19784: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Heat 3 popcorn kernels and the vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium heat until 1 kernel pops add the remaining kernels, cover and cook, shaking the pan occasionally, until the popping subsides. Remove from the heat and transfer to a large bowl.nAdd the cereal, crackers, pretzels and almonds toss to combine. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Stir in the chili powder, paprika and garlic powder. Drizzle over the popcorn mixture and toss with a rubber spatula to coat season with salt.nSpread the snack mix on the prepared baking sheet. Bake, stirring once or twice, until lightly toasted, about 10 minutes. Let cool completely. Store in an airtight container for up to 5 days.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 tablespoons popcorn kernels, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cups Chex or other cereal squares, 2 cups CheezIt crackers or other mini cheddar crackers, 1 cup mini pretzel twists, 1 cup smoked almonds, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt], title: ChiliGarlic Snack Mix, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 19785: {instructions: Make the panna cotta: Fill a liquid measuring cup or small bowl with 12 cup cold water sprinkle the gelatin on top and let stand 5 minutes.nHeat the sugar and halfandhalf in a small saucepan over medium heat, whisking to dissolve the sugar. Remove from the heat and whisk in the gelatin mixture until dissolved. Stir in the buttermilk and vanilla and almond extracts. Pour through a finemesh sieve into a large liquid measuring cup or bowl. Let cool to room temperature, then divide among 6 glasses or small bowls. Refrigerate until firm, at least 4 hours.nMake the compote: Combine the cherries and sugar in a large saucepan let sit at room temperature until juicy, about 4 hours.nAdd the ginger and star anise to the cherry mixture and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring occasionally and skimming any foam from the top, until thick and syrupy, about 30 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice and vanilla extract and cook 2 to 3 more minutes remove from the heat and let cool completely. Refrigerate any leftover compote in an airtight container for up to 1 month. Spoon on top of the panna cotta and sprinkle with almonds.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 14ounce packet unflavored gelatin, 13 cup sugar, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons almond extract, 6 cups pitted cherries about 2 12 pounds whole cherries, 3 cups sugar, 1 thin slice peeled ginger, 1 star anise pod optional, Juice of 2 lemons, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Chopped toasted almonds, for sprinkling optional], title: Buttermilk Panna Cotta With Cherry Compote, picturelink: BBdqPtfaCB1kKi0AA8dJnFwEpdd0QT6}, 19786: {instructions: Place the chicken wings in a large stockpot and pour in enough cold water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, skimming the scum that rises to the surface. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, skimming often, for 20 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients. Simmer for 2 12 hours.nStrain the stock, cool slightly, and skim off the fat that rises to the top. Alternatively, chill in the refrigerator overnight. Remove the fat that accumulates on the surface. Return the stock to the stockpot and bring to a strong simmer over mediumhigh heat. Simmer until the liquid has reduced by 13 to concentrate the flavor., ingredients: [5 pounds chicken wings, rinsed and patted dry, 2 medium onions, quartered, 2 small carrots, halved, 2 celery ribs, halved, 2 small parsnips, halved, 1 bay leaf, preferably Turkish, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 8 fresh parsley stems, 2 fresh thyme sprigs or 1 teaspoon dried], title: Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 19787: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a skillet melt 3 tablespoons of butter. Add shallot and cook, stirring occasionally for 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the mushrooms, salt and pepper, thyme, and rosemary. Cook, stirring occasionally for 2 minutes more or until the mushrooms are lightly golden. Transfer mixture to a bowl and stir in chives or parsley and set aside. Now make the sauce. In a saucepan set over moderately low heat melt butter, add the flour and cook the mixture, whisking, for 3 minutes. Add milk, bring mixture to a simmer, whisking, and simmer, stirring occasionally for 5 minutes or until lightly thickened. Remove saucepan from the heat and stir in the fontina, mozzarella, and gorgonzola and 23 cup of the Parmesan cheese, a little at a time, until well combined. Season to taste with salt and pepper. To assemble the gratin in a large bowl toss the pasta with the mushroom mixture. Add 34 of the sauce and stir gently to combine. Using remaining 3 tablespoons of butter, butter a 2 to 3 quart gratin dish arrange pasta and diagonal rows of the tomatoes. Top evenly with remaining sauce. Place in oven and bake for 25 minutes or until bubbling and golden., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup minced shallots, 12 pound shiitake or other wild mushrooms, thinly sliced, Salt and pepper to taste, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled, 2 tablespoon snipped fresh chives or minced parsley, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 cups milk, heated, 4 ounces grated Italian fontina cheese, 4 ounces grated mozzarella cheese, 4 ounces crumbled gorgonzola cheese, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Freshly ground nutmeg to taste, Salt and pepper to taste, 12 ovenroasted tomatoes, 12 to 16 ounces mediumsize pasta shells, cooked and drained according to package directions], title: Pasta Gratin with Four Cheeses and Oven Roasted Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 19788: {instructions: Set a large pot over medium heat and add the chorizo and olive oil. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the chorizo is crisp and the oil is red and infused, about 2 minutes. Remove the chorizo to a paper towellined plate and reserve leave the oil in the pot.nAdd the chicken broth, onion, chicken thighs, garlic, bay leaf, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 4 cups water to the pot. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Cook, partially covered, for 15 minutes. Add the potatoes and simmer until both the chicken and potatoes are tender when pierced with a knife, 10 to 15 minutes more. Remove the chicken to a bowl.nMash the potatoes coarsely with a potato masher to thicken the consistency of the soup. Discard the bay leaf. When the chicken is cool enough to handle, shred the meat and set aside.nLayer the kale leaves to make a stack. Cut the leaves in half lengthwise, then cut into 12inchwide pieces or tear into 12inch pieces. Add the kale and 14 teaspoon black pepper to the soup, return to a simmer and cook, uncovered, until the leaves are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the shredded chicken to the soup and return to a simmer.nDivide the soup among 6 bowls and serve topped with several pieces of the reserved chorizo., ingredients: [34 cup thinly sliced cured Spanish chorizo about 3 ounces, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 cups diced white onion about 8 ounces, 6 boneless, skinless chicken thighs about 2 pounds, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 russet potatoes about 1 12 pounds, peeled and diced into 34inch pieces, 1 bunch lacinato or other kale about 8 ounces, stemmed], title: Chicken Caldo Verde, picturelink: null}, 19789: {instructions: For the chicken: Melt butter over medium heat in a medium saute pan. Add crawfish and season with salt and pepper. Saute until they begin to turn opaque. Deglaze pan with the brandy and allow most of the liquid to evaporate. Remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature. Stir in shrimp paste, mayonnaise, queso panela, Parmesan and bread crumbs. Lay chicken breasts out, spoon 2 tablespoons of the mixture onto each chicken breast and fold to enclose stuffing. Secure with toothpicks. Dip each stuffed chicken breast into egg mixture and roll in seasoned flour.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat grapeseed oil over medium heat in an ovenproof skillet. Sear chicken, leaving each side undisturbed for the first few minutes to let the flour integrate into the surface of the chicken and to prevent crusting off. Transfer pan to oven and bake until chicken is fork tender, about 35 minutes.nFor the sauce: Bring chicken stock, cloves, nutmeg, and bay leaf to a simmer in a small saucepan. In a separate small saucepan saute the shallot in butter over medium heat until it turns translucent. Add flour to make a roux. Whisk in brandy and let cook for about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in the chicken stock mixture and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Reduce heat to low and let simmer for about 15 minutes to let flavors integrate and to thicken.nFor the salsa: Heat salsa and add arrowroot to thicken.nRemove toothpicks from stuffed chicken and place in center of serving plate. Spoon about 1 tablespoon sauce over each chicken breast and top with salsa., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 12 pound small crawfish, shells and tails removed, diced small, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup brandy, 1 tablespoon shrimp paste, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 14 cup grated queso panela basket cheese, also known as queso canasta, 2 tablespoons shredded Parmesan, 14 cup panko bread crumbs, 6 8ounce chicken breasts, butterflied, 2 to 3 eggs, beaten, 1 cup allpurpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 cup chicken stock, Dash ground cloves, Dash nutmeg, 1 bay leaf, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon brandy, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mild salsa, 2 teaspoons arrowroot whisked into 2 teaspoons water to make a slurry], title: Chicken Breast with Crawfish Stuffing and Queso Panela Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19790: {instructions: Spray a large nonstick skillet with canola oil spray and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until very lightly browned, about 3 minutes per side. Cool slightly and cut into thin strips.nWhisk together the vinegar, olive oil and salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Add the carrots, peas and scallions and toss. Add the watercress and toss again. Transfer to a large platter and top with the bacon., ingredients: [Canola oil spray, Three 1ounce slices Canadian bacon, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large carrot, grated, One 15ounce can nosaltadded blackeyed peas, rinsed and drained, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 1 bunch watercress, trimmed and separated into sprigs], title: BlackEyed Pea Salad with Canadian Bacon, picturelink: null}, 19791: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nBrush the outside of the mushrooms with olive oil and sprinkle all over with the rub.nIn a saute pan, brown the burger and sausage meat. Add the onion, bell pepper, and garlic and cook until soft. Drain excess fat. Mix the remaining ingredients in a large bowl and add the drained meat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and mix well.nSpoon the mixture into mushrooms and grill until mushrooms are tender., ingredients: [3 large portobello mushrooms, Olive oil, 2 tablespoons favorite rub, 1 pound ground round hamburger meat, 1 pound hot pork sausage, 1 12 cups chopped purple onions, 14 cup chopped bell pepper, 2 cloves chopped garlic, 12 cup mustard, 12 tablespoon ground thyme, 12 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 2 tablespoon horseradish minced], title: Blindogs Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 19792: {instructions: Cream the butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer. Beat in the eggs and vanilla.nCombine the flour, baking powder and salt in a second large bowl and mix well. Stir the flour mixture into the butter mixture 1 cup at a time. Chill the dough for 3 to 4 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cookie sheet with parchment. Roll out the dough and cut it into shapes with cookie cutters or a knife. Place the shapes on the prepared cookie sheet. If decorating with colored sugar, brush the cookies with milk and sprinkle with colored sugar if using royal icing, leave unfinished. Bake until the cookies are just beginning to brown around the edges, 10 to 15 minutes, depending on the size of the cookies.nRemove the cookies to a rack to cool completely. If using royal icing, decorate the cookies as desired.nCombine the confectioners sugar, meringue powder and 34 cup water in a large bowl. Mix slowly with an electric mixer until stiff enough to form peaks the icing should be pure white and thick, but not fluffy and bubbly. If the frosting is overbeaten, it will get aerated which makes it harder to work with. If this happens, let the frosting sit to settle, and then use a rubber spatula to vigorously beat and smooth out the frosting.nAdd up to 1 tablespoon food coloring and mix with a rubber spatula until the color is uniform. Gels are best with royal icing. You dont want to thin them with liquid colors. Be careful of adding too much color, which reduces the sheen of the frosting and can break down the consistency of the frosting over a couple of days. Store the icing at room temperature, covered, with plastic wrap on the surface.nYield: 3 12 cups icing, ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, Colored sugar and milk, for decorating, or Royal Icing, recipe follows, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons meringue powder egg white powder, Food coloring, as desired], title: Old Fashioned Sugar Cookies, picturelink: Ruu9dvT4Hdx3vP7GjGnU0uLN6.aGG}, 19793: {instructions: Take the vanilla ice cream out of the freezer for 10 minutes or so to soften. Once barely softened, add to the blender 4 scoops of vanilla ice cream, the milk, chocolate syrup, and the chilled stout, pouring slowly so as not to generate lots of beer foam. Add the pinch of salt and blend to a smooth consistency. For a thicker consistency, add more vanilla ice cream.nPour the milkshake into 4 glasses and float 1 mini pretzel on top of each glass., ingredients: [4 scoops good quality vanilla ice cream, 12 cup whole milk, chilled, 4 tablespoons chocolate syrup, 18 ounces chocolate stout beer recommended: Brooklyn Brewery Black Chocolate Stout, chilled, Pinch salt, 4 mini salted pretzels], title: Black and White Stout Milkshake, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 19794: {instructions: Special equipment: printed templates or ruler and triangle, assorted cookie cutters, 2inch circle cookie cutter, piping bags with medium and fine tipsnMelt the shortening and butter together in a medium saucepan. Let cool.nSift the flour, sugar, ginger, cinnamon and salt into a large bowl. Mix the melted butter into the flour mixture with an electric mixer until sandy. Add the corn syrup and vanilla, and mix until evenly incorporated, but still crumbly in texture. Press the dough together by hand and divide into 8 equal parts. Press into rough squares about 1 inch thick. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.nPlace the dough on top of a flourdusted sheet of parchment. Roll a square of dough about 14inch thick and into an 8 by 11inch rectangle. Repeat with all the remaining squares. Stack them up and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, click here to email a link of the template to your desktop or laptop computer for printing. Print the file at 100 on letter size paper and cut out the pieces. Remove the top sheet of parchment from the dough. Lay the templates on the rolled dough slabs and cut out all the pieces with a long, sharp knife or pizza cutter. You will have a total of 8 cut panels plus 3 extra sheets for cookies. Cut out the remaining dough with cookie cutters of your choice. Cut a 2 by 3inch door with a rounded top into one of the tall walls. We used a 2 inch cookie cutter to make the rounded top, and a sharp knife to cut the rest of the door out. Stack panels on a cookie sheet and chill 45 minutes to set. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and position the oven racks evenly. Bake the gingerbread shapes until they are a rich tawny brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool on a rack. With a fine kitchen rasp, file the panels to make all the edges straight.nThicken about 2 cups of the Royal Icing with either cornstarch and a couple of drops of vinegar, or extra confectioners sugar, to get the consistency of caulk. Fit a pastry bag with a medium round tip and fill it with the thickened icing.nPipe a generous amount of Royal Icing along the bottom and the sides of a short wall. Center the wall 34 inch from one edge, directlynonto the base. Use a box or can to help support the walls while they dry.nPipe Royal Icing along the bottom of a tall wall, and stick it to the base with an edge pressed against the icing on the first wall.nRepeat with the remaining two walls in the same manner until the four walls are up, making an open box with a 34inch border all around the base. The two tall walls will face each other. Allow the icing to dry completely, about 24 hours, before attaching the roof.nIce the sloped edges on one side of the house and attach the big roof piece. Line up the top of the roof with the peaks of the tall walls. Use a box or can to prop up the overhang of the roof while it dries in place. Attach the smaller roof piece on the other side of the slope prop it up with a box or can leaving the same amount of overhang. Leave the top open for now. The last roof panel is the lid and will go there when all is dry. Attach the doors. Pipe Royal Icing neatly on the outside of the seams to secure them, and allow the house to dry for 24 hours.nFit tips into piping bags. Divide the remaining Royal Icing into batches and color as desired. Fill bags with frosting and decorate the house and roof with icing and candies if using.nAllow to dry. Fill the house with cookies. Rest the remaining roof slab on the house to make a lid. Enjoy.nCombine the confectioners sugar, meringue powder and 34cup water in a large bowl. Mix slowly with an electric mixer until stiff enough to form peaks the icing should be pure white and thick, but not fluffy and bubbly. If the frosting is over beaten, it will get aerated which makes it harder to work with. If this happens, let the frosting sit to settle, and then use a rubber spatula to vigorously beat and smooth out the frosting.nAdd up to 1 tablespoon food coloring and mix with a rubber spatula until the color is uniform. Gels are best with royal icing. You dont want to thin them with liquid colors. Be careful of adding too much color, which reduces the sheen of the frosting and can break down the consistency of the frosting over a couple of days. Store the icing at room temperature, covered, with plastic wrap on the surface.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [2 cups shortening, 4 sticks 1 pound unsalted butter, 14 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 2 cups sugar, 13 cup ground ginger, 3 12 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon fine salt, 3 cups dark corn syrup, 2 12 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, Allpurpose flour, for rolling out the dough, One recipe Royal Icing, recipe follows, Cornstarch and vinegar or confectioners sugar, to thicken Royal Icing, Candy for decorating, optional, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons meringue powder egg white powder, Food coloring, as desired], title: Gingerbread Doghouse, picturelink: null}, 19795: {instructions: Thinly slice a baguette arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Brush with olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Bake at 425 degrees F until lightly golden, about 7 minutes. Let cool slightly.nToss 1 thinly sliced shallot, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped rosemary and a pinch of salt set aside 10 minutes. Spread softened butter on the toast rounds. Top with sliced bresaola cured beef and the marinated shallot. Drizzle with the marinade.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [], title: ShallotBresaola Bruschetta, picturelink: dP6biYwaycJNvPiwoP3GAzgrTGVtjC}, 19796: {instructions: In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat add the oil. Once heated add the celery, bell peppers and onion and saute for about 8 minutes. Add sausage and garlic and brown. Add cream cheese and stir until melted. Take off heat and stir in parsley, hot sauce and bread crumbs. Let cool.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nStuff peppers with vegetable and cheese mixture and bake for 15 minutes or grill until char develops., ingredients: [3 tablespoons cooking oil, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 bell pepper, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 12 pound breakfast sausage, 2 garlic cloves, finely diced, 8 ounces cream cheese, 13 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 14 cup bread crumbs, 20 Anaheim or Poblano peppers, cut in 12, seeds removed], title: Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: null}, 19797: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat in a large Dutch oven. Salt the brisket all over and sear on all sides until brown, about 10 minutes. Set aside. Add the onions and cook until tender, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally to make sure the onions do not burn. Return the brisket to the pan and add the beer. Bring to a simmer, cover, and place in the oven. Braise until fork tender, about 3 hours. Let cool while making the potatoes and sauce.n2. Boil the potatoes in a medium saucepan with salted water until fork tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Set 2 potatoes aside to cool and toss the rest of the potatoes with 1 tablespoon olive oil, a small handful of parsley leaves, roughly chopped, and season with salt.n3. Pulse the remaining parsley leaves, the garlic, and anchovies in a food processor until roughly chopped. Leave the processor running while adding the remaining 12 cup olive oil in a steady stream. Peel the 2 reserved potatoes and add to the parsley along with the hardboiled egg yolks and lemon juice and pulse 3 to 4 more times. Season with salt.n4. Remove the brisket from the pan and slice against the grain. Degrease the braised onions. Spoon the braised onions on the bottom of the plate, and then add the sliced brisket. Top with the parsley sauce. Serve the potatoes on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons plus 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 3pound brisket, point cut, 3 large onions, sliced about 8 cups, 2 12ounce lager beers, 2 pounds small red potatoes 6 to 8, 3 bunches fresh flatleaf parsley leaves about 4 cups, 10 to 12 cloves garlic about 1 head, 8 oilpacked anchovies, 4 hardboiled egg yolks, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice about 2 lemons], title: Braised Brisket with Parsley Anchovy Sauce, picturelink: bkEhb1u8hVAcMgdxjKVJJe8fS6uxPIC}, 19798: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with 24 liners.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In another medium bowl, mix the milk and instant coffee, stirring until the instant coffee dissolves. Using an electric mixer, beat the butter until smooth. Gradually add the granulated sugar about 14 cup at a time, beating on medium speed until combined. Scrape down the sides and beat on high speed, about 2 minutes more until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla. Alternately add the flour and milk mixture, beating on low speed just until combined, scraping down the sides of the bowl often.nSpoon the batter into the liners, filling the cups half to twothirds full. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes.nTake a cupcake and hold it upside down, submerging the top into the Espresso Ganache, lightly pressing down until the entire top of the cupcake is covered. Lift the cupcake, letting the extra chocolate fall away. Turn the cupcake right side up. Let the cupcake cool completely before frosting with Baileys Irish Cream Frosting.nPlace the chopped chocolate in a bowl. In a small saucepan over medium heat, heat the heavy cream and instant espresso until it simmers. Pour over the chopped chocolate and add the butter. Let stand for about 1 minute. Stir until smooth.nUsing an electric mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth. Add the powdered sugar 12 cup at a time, whipping after each addition, scraping the sides of the bowl occasionally. Add the Baileys Irish Cream and blend, but do not over whip., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups whole milk, 2 tablespoons instant coffee, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 3 eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Espresso Ganache, recipe follows, Baileys Irish Cream frosting, recipe follows, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 23 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons instant espresso, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 to 4 cups powdered sugar, 3 to 4 tablespoons Baileys Irish Cream], title: Five OClock Jump Shot, picturelink: Jab.CuZFnLYgurrK1F.en7ca6GXYElq}, 19799: {instructions: For the burgers: Coat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat to preheat. In a large bowl, combine beef, bacon, salt, and black pepper. Mix well and shape mixture into 4 patties, each about 1inch thick. Place burgers on hot pan and cook 3 to 5 minutes per side, for medium. Arrange onions alongside burgers and grill 1 minute per side, until just golden. Place cheese on burgers and cook 1 minute, until cheese melts. Serve burgers on rolls with onions on top.nFor the blackeyed peas: Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add peas and cook 3 to 5 minutes, until golden brown. Add salt and black pepper, to taste, and stir to coat. Remove from heat and stir in Parmesan and parsley. Serve alongside burgers., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 6 strips bacon, cooked until crisp in a skillet or microwave and crumbled, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 rounds sliced red onion about 14inch thick, 4 slices sharp Cheddar about 6 to 8 ounces total, 4 Kaiser rolls, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 14ounce can blackeyed peas, drained, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: 5 Ingredient Bacon Burgers with Cheddar and Red Onion with Parmesan Popcorn BlackEyed Peas, picturelink: INQKe14NZAJSWM9l78w0bAPFuBY.z.}}