{19800: {instructions: Bring 8 cups water to a boil in a large pot or teapot. Remove from the heat and add the tea, tarragon sprigs and leaves, and cloves. Let steep for 3 to 5 minutes.nServe with lemon slices and honey or sugar., ingredients: [1 ounce about 2 tablespoons your favorite tea, 6 sprigs plus 6 leaves fresh tarragon, 4 whole cloves, 6 lemon slices, for serving, Honey or sugar, for serving], title: Special Tea PartyInspired Brew, picturelink: iA5ZF0vCnBP6BH4XW2eyewMUgiu7Pb6}, 19801: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Pulse walnuts, parsley and parmesan in a food processor until they look like bread crumbs.nMelt the butter in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the leeks, and squash and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in flour, sage, and nutmeg. Reduce heat add gradually add broth and milk. Simmer, stirring, until thickened, 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and remove from heat.nCook pasta according to package instructions drain. Combine pasta with the vegetables and mozzarella. Pour into a 9 by 13inch casserole. Sprinkle with the walnut topping. Bake until the top is golden, about 25 minutes. Rest 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [13 cup walnut pieces, 14 cup Italian parsley leaves, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 6 tablespoons butter, 4 cups thickly sliced leeks white and tender green parts, 6 cups large diced butternut squash, 1 12 to 2 pounds squash, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons minced fresh sage leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 cup milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 13.25ounce package Whole Grain Penne, 1 pound grated partskim mozzarella], title: DELETE ME, picturelink: null}, 19802: {instructions: For the cake: Grease a Bundt pan and spread pecans on the bottom of the pan. Beat eggs, oil, water and rum in mixer just until incorporated. Add pudding mix and cake mix and beat on med, about 3 to 5 minutes just until you get a smooth texture. Pour into pan and bake at 350 degrees F for 40 to 45 minutes. The cake should have a light golden brown color, but will darken with the glaze.nFor the glaze: Melt butter in saucepan and add the sugar and water, bring to a boil. Once it starts to boil, take off the heat and add the rum. Pour into a large measuring cup that will hold that amount or more. Set aside.nOnce cake is ready, take out of oven and leave in pan. Gently prick holes into the cake with a skewer. Slowly pour half of the glaze over the cake making sure to fill in all the holes. Once the cake has soaked up the glaze, turn cake over, removing pan, onto the base that the cake will stay on. Gently prick more holes on other side and slowly pour other half of glaze over cake. Fill the center of the cake with reserved pecans. Let cool and enjoy. The cake is best if left at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups pecan pieces, reserve 14 cup, 4 whole eggs, 12 cup water, 12 cup canola oil, 12 cup gold rum, Bacardi, 1 18.25ounce box classic yellow cake mix recommended: Duncan Hines Moist Deluxe, 1 1ounce small box sugarfree instant vanilla pudding mix recommended: JellO, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup water, 1 stick butter, 12 cup gold rum recommended: Bacardi], title: Rum Cake  SemiHomemaker Recipe, picturelink: Cf0r2fDR1Ub7WmLmt3F1Lba5YiFelbS}, 19803: {instructions: In a pan, heat up the extravirgin olive oil. Add the garlic, chile peppers, and anchovies and let cook together. Add the tomato puree, octopus, salt, and black pepper and stir. Let the octopus cook for approximately 1 hour, or until tender. Stir in the parsley and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons60 ml extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon15 ml red chile peppers, crushed, 5 anchovy fillets, chopped, 1 28ounces796 ml jar tomato puree, 2 pounds1 kg octopus, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Large bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and chopped], title: Octopus in Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19804: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 12cup muffin cups with paper linersnFor the cupcakes: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 300 degrees F. Set liners in muffin cups.nPut the chocolate and prune juice in a microwave safe bowl. Heat in the microwave on low power, stirring occasionally, until completely melted.nWhisk the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. In another bowl, beat the egg and yolk with an electric hand mixer at high speed until slightly thick and lemon colored, about 3 minutes. Slowly add buttermilk, oil, vanilla, and melted chocolate mixture to eggs, beating until thoroughly combined. Add the flour mixture and beat until just combined.nDivide the batter among muffin tins, filling them 12 of the way. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cupcakes comes out clean and the tops spring back when pressed gently, about 25 minutes. Cool the cupcakes in the tin on a rack for 10 minutes then remove from the tin and cool completely.nFor the frosting: Beat the butter, peanut butter, and cream cheese in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Gradually add the confectioners sugar and milk mixing until the frosting is smooth. Add food coloring as desired. Refrigerate the frosting until firm.nTo decorate the cakes: For the witches hat, score a circle in the middle of a cupcake. Cut a deep conelike shape with a knife held at an angle. Rotate the cupcake to complete the circle and remove the center. Repeat with all the cupcakes. Generously scoop or pipe enough frosting into the center of each cupcake to fill the hole and to come over the cake to make a face. Top with a chocolate wafer cookie. Put a dot of frosting in the middle of the wafer cookie and invert the cone shaped piece of cake on top to make a witches hat. Use skinny licorice, toasted coconut or cereal flakes for hair and candies for eyes andor nose. Refrigerate for up to 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 12 ounces finequality semisweet chocolate, chopped, 14 cups prune juice, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoons salt, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 13 cup buttermilk, 14 cup vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup peanut butter smooth or chunky, 4ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 drop food coloring green, optional, Chocolate wafer cookies, Licorice strips, Toasted coconut, Small candies], title: Wicked Cupcakes, picturelink: KSUMMyn23k6JLMezwoj7k8qSqXJZtyW}, 19805: {instructions: Put the sugar and 1 cup water into a small saucepan and bring it to a boil. Cook for 1 minute until the sugar has dissolved, turn off the heat, and allow the sugar syrup to cool.nIn a pitcher combine the cooled sugar syrup with the lemon juice and remaining 2 cups water and mix well. Fill a Champagne flute halfway with the lemonade and top with Champagne. Garnish with a lemon slice., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 3 cups water, 1 12 cups fresh lemon juice, 1 bottle Champagne or sparkling wine, Thin lemon slices, for garnish], title: Champagne Lemonade, picturelink: Lz5YQNV9s6wbNA5RcIeXw7rp5H9GbTC}, 19806: {instructions: Place crab meat in a mixing bowl along with 1 12 cups of the bread crumbs, the eggs, mustard, and other remaining ingredients. Mix gently, leaving the crab lumps as large as possible.nShape the mixture into 12 to 16 equal portions, ball up and flatten into a patty shape about 34 to 1inch thick. Coat each patty with some of the remaining bread crumbs. Chill for at least 1 hour before cooking.nHeat 14 cup cooking oil over medium heat. Saute each cake 2 to 2 12 minutes per side in the oil., ingredients: [1 pound lump crab meat, approximately 2 to 2 12 cups, 2 cups Japanese bread crumbs, 2 eggs, well beaten, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons parsley, minced, 14 cup scallions, chopped, 1 teaspoon Old Bay seasoning, 12 cup heavy mayonnaise], title: Petite Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 19807: {instructions: Cut the chickens into legs, thighs, breasts, and wings and place in a large pan. Whisk together the remaining ingredients in a small bowl and pour over the chicken. Cover the chicken and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat the grill. Place the chicken pieces on the grill at a 45 degree angle to establish good grill marks. Once the chicken easily releases from the grill, turn it over to continue cooking. Make sure to season the chicken with salt while its cooking. Once the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F, or its juices run clear, remove the chicken from the grill. Let the chicken rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 whole chickens, 12 cup light olive oil, 12 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce], title: AnchoLime Marinated BBQ Chicken, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 19808: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat up the milk, and bring to a gentle simmer. In another saucepan, melt the butter and immediately add the flour. Lower the heat, and mix until the butter has absorbed all the flour and is the consistency of thick dough. Make sure the butterflour mixture does not burn or brown.nRemove the saucepan from the heat, and whisk in a couple of ladles of heated milk into the butterflour mixture. Whisk until the flour has absorbed all of the milk. Put the saucepan back on the burner over medium heat, and whisk in the remainder of the milk. Continue whisking until the sauce thickens and becomes a creamy velvety consistency., ingredients: [5 tablespoons butter, 5 tablespoons flour, 4 12 cups milk], title: Bechamel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19809: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFinely chop half the peanuts and mix them with the sugar. Spread the mixture out onto a flat plate. On another plate, pour in a little of the vodka. Dip the rim of a martini glass into the vodka, then into the peanut and sugar mixture. Set aside while you make the cocktail.nInto a blender, add the banana, vanilla vodka and white chocolate liqueur. Blend until smooth. Pour into the prepared glass and serve., ingredients: [14 cup salted peanuts, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 ounces vanilla vodka, such as Smirnoff, plus more for dipping, 1 frozen banana, 2 ounces white chocolate liqueur, such as Godiva], title: We Miss You Elvis Cocktail, picturelink: MqhPsHagIZ4k441bgZVEaKS7DMU7aRO}, 19810: {instructions: 1. Toast the pumpkin seeds in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, watching carefully, stirring until light brown, about 5 minutes.n2. Combine the kale, feta, and onions in a large bowl. Toss with the olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, and season with salt and pepper. Scatter the pumpkin seeds over the top and serve., ingredients: [12 cup pumpkin seeds, 2 bunches black kale, washed and roughly chopped into bitesize pieces about 8 cups, 8 ounces feta, crumbled, 1 small red onion, sliced, 12 cup olive oil, Zest of 1 lemon and 1 tablespoon juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Kale and Feta Salad, picturelink: null}, 19811: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 24 8inch long pieces string or ribbonnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 sheet pans with silicone baking pads.nSlice dough log at 14inch intervals and place onto prepared baking sheets spaced 1 inch apart.nPress a 1inch round cutter into the center of each cookie round. Remove the small circle of dough and replace it with a round hard candy.nBake in oven 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove from oven. While still warm, make a hole at the top of each cookie with a large straw. Place baking sheet on the cooling rack and cool completely.nWhen the cookies have completely cooled, use the decorative icing and evenly space 6 icing dots around the edges of each cookie. Lightly push the silver dragees into the icing dots. Allow icing to harden.nPlace the 8inch piece of ribbon through the hole at the top and tie the ends together.nRepeat with remaining cookies.nYou can eat your cookies or hang them as ornaments on a Christmas tree or in a window., ingredients: [1 16ounce tube sugar cookie dough, 1 bag assorted round hard candies recommended: Lifesavers, 1 small tube white decorating icing, 1 package silver dragees], title: Stained Glass Wreath Cookies, picturelink: XJvT20dmX7hH8Ir1g82jwTmGKr95c6}, 19812: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the pound cake into 9 34inch slices and spread each slice on 1 side with raspberry jam, using all the jam. Set aside.nPlace a layer of cake, jam side up, in the bottom of a 2 12 to 3quart glass serving bowl, cutting the pieces to fit. Top with a layer of raspberries and orange cream. Repeat the layers of cake, raspberries, and orange cream, ending with a third layer of cake, jam side down, and raspberries.nWhip the cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. When it starts to thicken, add the sugar and vanilla and continue to whip until it forms stiff peaks. Decorate the trifle with whipped cream. The trifle can sit for awhile at room temperature.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour 2 8 12 by 4 12 by 2 12inch loaf pans. Line the bottoms with parchment paper.nCream the butter and 2 cups of the granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment for about 5 minutes, or until light and fluffy. With the mixer on medium speed, beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, and the orange zest.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In another bowl, combine 14 cup of the orange juice, the buttermilk, and vanilla. Add the flour and buttermilk mixtures alternately to the batter, beginning and ending with the flour. Divide the batter evenly between the pans, smooth the tops, and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until a cake tester comes out clean.nWhile the cakes bake, cook the remaining 12 cup of granulated sugar with remaining 12 cup orange juice in a small saucepan over low heat until the sugar dissolves. When the cakes are done, let them cool for 10 minutes. Take them out of the pans and place them on a baking rack set over a tray. Spoon the orange syrup over the cakes and allow the cakes to cool completely.nCombine the milk and orange zest in a medium stainless steel saucepan over medium heat and bring almost to a boil. Remove from the heat.nBeat the egg yolks and sugar on mediumhigh speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until pale and thick, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, sprinkle on the cornstarch. Beat on mediumlow speed until combined, scraping down the bowl with a rubber spatula.nWith the mixer on low speed, slowly pour the hot milk mixture into the egg mixture. Pour the mixture back into the pan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens, about 5 to 7 minutes. Pay attention because it will thicken and then quickly become orange scrambled eggsnImmediately, pour the mixture through a fine sieve into a large bowl. Stir in the vanilla, Grand Marnier, butter, and heavy cream. Place plastic wrap directly on the custard and refrigerate until cold., ingredients: [1 orange pound cake, recipe follows, 1 cup good raspberry jam, 2 halfpints fresh raspberries, Orange cream, recipe follows, 1 cup 12 pint cold heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter at room temperature, 2 12 cups sugar, divided, 4 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 13 cup grated orange zest 6 oranges, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, divided, 34 cup buttermilk at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups milk, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest 1 orange, 5 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons sifted cornstarch, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon Grand Marnier liqueur, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon heavy cream], title: Raspberry Orange Trifle, picturelink: lwQj9Mhm3vtTE2HsXE0A6TAgQPG4zne}, 19813: {instructions: Rinse and clean beans thoroughly. Place the beans in a large stockpot and cover the beans with cold water. Bring to a boil and add all remaining ingredients. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover the pot with a lid, and cook for about 2 hours or until beans are fork tender. Add hot water as needed to keep beans completely covered. Remove ham hock before serving., ingredients: [1 pound dried pinquito beans, 1 large onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 5 ounces red chile sauce, 1 ham hock], title: Suzie Qs Pinquito Beans, picturelink: null}, 19814: {instructions: Make the tomato salad: In a large bowl, mix together all the ingredients and set aside.nMake the gremolata: Place all the ingredients in a bowl and mix. Set aside.nMake the halibut: Place the olive oil and lemon juice in a large baking dish or you can use a resealable baggie. Rinse the fish and pat it dry, season with the salt and pepper. Place the fish in the dish or resealable baggie, turning once to coat with the marinade. Let the fish marinate for 10 minutes at room temperature.nScatter the clean arugula on a 19inch round or oval platter. Grill the fish over a medium hot fire for 5 to 6 minutes per side, until the flesh is opaque through to the center. When finished grilling, remove the hot fish immediately to the platter of arugula. Top with the tomato mixture, and sprinkle the gremolata over the top of the tomatoes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 12 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 6 8ounce halibut steaks, Generous pinch sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 bunches fresh arugula, stemmed, washed and dried, 4 12 large ripe summer tomatoes, seeded and diced, 13 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 34 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 12 teaspoons finely minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, Generous pinch sea salt], title: Grilled Halibut Steaks on a Bed of Arugula with Tomato Salad and Gremolata, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 19815: {instructions: Mix 12 pound mascarpone with 3 tablespoons sugar. Dip 12 ladyfingers in a mix of 34 cup espresso and 1 tablespoon rum. Layer the mascarpone and ladyfingers in glasses, breaking the cookies to fit, if necessary. Top with whipped cream and dust with cocoa powder.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Tiramisu Trifles, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 19816: {instructions: Lightly sprinkle work surface with cornmeal or flour. Place dough directly in the middle of the work surface. Roll dough out gently 14inch thick, into either a 12inch rectangle or circle. Brush both sides with olive oil and set aside until ready to grill.nIf you are grilling on a charcoal grill, set coals on one side of the grill.nPlace dough directly on the cooking grate over medium heat for 1 to 3 minutes, until the crust is well marked and browned. Flip dough and spread spinach evenly over cooked side of crust. Create a rim around the outer edge of the pizza with the tomato this will keep the eggs from sliding off the pizza. Sprinkle cheese over the spinach. Crack 2 eggs directly in the center of the pizza and top with crumbled bacon. Move to indirect heat for charcoal: the side of charcoal grill that has no coals. For gas: turn off burner directly under pizza. Cover grill and cook for about 10 to 15 minutes, or until the eggs are cooked like traditional sunnyside up eggs and the bottom of crust is well browned.nSeason with salt and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup cornmeal or allpurpose flour, for rolling dough, 1 4inch ball prepared dough, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups fresh spinach, lightly packed, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 1 cup sharp Cheddar, grated, 2 eggs, at room temperature, 5 strips bacon, cooked and crumbled, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: SunnySide Up Breakfast Pizza, picturelink: null}, 19817: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat charcoal, preferably natural chunk, until grey ash appears. In a blender, put in oil, soy sauce, scallions, garlic, lime juice, red pepper, cumin, and sugar and puree. In a large heavy duty, zip top bag, put pieces of skirt steak and pour in marinade. Seal bag, removing as much air as possible. Allow steak to marinate for 1 hour in refrigerator.nRemove steak from bag and pat dry with paper towels. Using a blow dryer, blow charcoal clean of ash. Once clean of ash lay steaks directly onto hot coals for 1 minute per side. When finished cooking, place meat in double thickness of aluminum foil, wrap, and allow to sit for 15 minutes.nRemove meat from foil, reserving foil and juices. Slice thinly across the grain of the meat. Return to foil pouch and toss with juice. Serve with grilled peppers and onions, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 13 cup soy sauce, 4 scallions, washed and cut in 12, 2 large cloves garlic, 14 cup lime juice, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar or Mexican brown sugar, 2 pounds inside skirt steak, cut into 3 equal pieces, Special equipment: blow dryer], title: Skirt Steak, picturelink: gKlCzlz0nAMUV790CVgbrM3zRsXAhC}, 19818: {instructions: Spread the hot leftover rice in a thin layer on a sheet pan and place in a 200 degree F oven overnight or until dry and crispy. Let the rice continue to dry at room temperature for another day for best results.nBreak the rice into large chunks and deep fry at 375 degrees F until they puff up and float, approximately 1 minute. Drain on paper towels and set aside.nGrate the persimmons on the large hole of a cheese grater, add the remaining ingredients, and adjust seasoning.nLet sit for 5 minutes before serving to let flavors blend. Serve the rice crackers with the dip. Best if eaten within 4 hours., ingredients: [2 cups boiled white rice still hot, 3 firm fuyu persimmons, 2 tablespoons dried shrimp, soaked in warm water and chopped, 12 lime, minced flesh, peel and all, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 small jalapeno pepper, minced with seeds, 12 bundle Vietnamese mint or cilantro leaves], title: ThaiStyle Rice Crackers with Persimmon Sambal, picturelink: null}, 19819: {instructions: Cut the kernels off the cob and mix together with all the remaining ingredients. Keep covered and refrigerated.nThe recipe for salsa should not be made a day in advance, as the avocado will turn brown.nPreheat grill or broiler.nSeason chicken with olive oil, salt and pepper. Brush with lemon juice. Grill 10 to 15 minutes total on a hot grill, turning 3 times. Serve with Avocado Corn Salsa., ingredients: [1 ear corn, roasted, 1 avocado, diced, 14 cup minced red onion, 14 cup minced red bell pepper, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 dashes hot pepper sauce, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 4 boneless chicken breasts, 1 cup lemon juice, Olive oil as needed, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Chicken Breast with Avocado Corn Salsa, picturelink: null}, 19820: {instructions: Season the chicken all over with salt and pepper. Bring the chicken stock to a boil in a large saucepan. Place the breasts in the stock, reduce the heat to moderate, cover and cook until the meat is tender, about 15 minutes. Set aside to cool in the stock. When cool, remove the skin and bones and shred the meat into bitesized pieces. Strain and reserve the stock for another use.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the fresh tomatillo salsa, heavy cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, the onion and shredded chicken pieces.nHeat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Cook the tortillas just about 5 seconds per side to soften, and then transfer to a large colander to drain.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 4 quart casserole or 6 to 8 individual casseroles at the restaurant, we use small soup bowls.nCombine the cheeses in a mixing bowl.nTo assemble the chilaquiles, spread a thin layer of the cheese mixture over the bottom of the baking dish. Push the solids in the bowl of chicken and tomatillo sauce to the side so the liquids form a pool in the bottom. Dip all the softened tortillas in the pool to moisten. Layer one third of the moist tortillas over the cheese and top with half of the chicken mixture with its sauce. Sprinkle half of the remaining cheese over the chicken. Repeat the layers, ending with a layer of tortillas on top. Cover tightly with aluminum foil.nBake 30 minutes or until the edges are slightly brown. Let sit for 10 minutes before slicing and serving or unmolding.nIn blender place tomatillos, jalapenos and water. Puree until just chunky. Add remaining ingredients and puree about 2 minutes more, or until no large chunks remain. This salsa keeps in the refrigerator, in a covered container, about 3 days.nIn large bowl combine all ingredients and stir until smooth. The dough should be slightly sticky and form a ball when pressed together. To test, flatten a small piece of dough between your palms. If the edges crack, add water to the dough, a tablespoon at a time, until a test piece does not crack.nDivide the dough into 24 golf ball size pieces for tacos and 12 large balls for quesadillas. Place on a platter and cover with a damp towel. Line a tortilla press with 2 sheets of plastic cut from a plastic freezer bag or other heavy duty plastic bag.nHeat a dry cast iron skillet, or nonstick pan until moderately hot. Flatten each ball of dough in the tortilla press, then remove the plastic from the top and, holding the tortilla with your fingertips, peel off the bottom sheet. Lay the tortillas one by one on the skillet and cook about 30 to 45 seconds per side, pressing the top of each tortilla with your fingertips to make it puff. Place the hot tortillas on a towel.nWhen they are still warm but not hot, stack and wrap in a towel. Serve immediately or let cool, wrap well in plastic or a plastic bag and store in the refrigerator up to a week., ingredients: [2 whole chicken breasts, split, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, 3 12 cups Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 onion, sliced paperthin, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 dayold Corn Tortillas, recipe follows 18 if individual casseroles are being made, 1 cup grated Manchego cheese, 1 cup grated Panela cheese, 12 cup grated Anejo cheese, 1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and cut into quarters, 2  4 large jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and roughly chopped, 12 cup cold water, 12 medium onion, cut in half, 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 cups finely ground deep yellow masa harina, 2 34 cups cold water, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Green Chicken Chilaquiles Casserole, picturelink: null}, 19821: {instructions: Defrost the squash puree in a microwave and place in a strainer to drain.nCook the pasta in boiling salted water to al dente, 7 to 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the EVOO in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage to the skillet, crumble and brown. Add the garlic, onions and thyme and cook until tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the white wine.nPreheat the broiler with a rack in the upper third of the oven.nMelt the butter in a medium sauce pot over medium heat. Whisk in the flour for 1 minute. Whisk in the milk and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg and thicken to coat a spoon. Stir in the butternut squash and bring the sauce back to a bubble and melt in the Cheddar.nToss the pasta, sauce and sausage to combine. Top with the Pecorino Romano and parsley and broil to brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve with the Fennel and Celery Slaw.nCombine the honey, vinegar and shallot with the lemon juice and whisk in the EVOO. Add the parsley, celery and fennel and toss to coat and combine. Season with salt and pepper. Arrange on a platter and top with the toasted nuts., ingredients: [One 10ounce box frozen butternut squash puree, 1 pound rigatoni with lines, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon EVOO, 1 pound bulk sweet Italian sausage, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 12 cup white wine, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 12 cups milk, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 2 cups sharp yellow Cheddar, 1 cup shredded Pecorino Romano cheese, Flat leaf parsley, chopped, Fennel and Celery Slaw, for serving, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon grated shallot, Juice of 1 lemon, 13 cup EVOO, 1 cup coarsely chopped parsley tops, 4 ribs celery and leafy tops, very thinly sliced, 1 large or 2 medium bulbs fennel, very thinly sliced, plus a handful of fronds, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Toasted pistachios or walnuts, chopped, to garnish], title: Sausage and Butternut Riggies, picturelink: 2F5lKvKjpRWnxs6ixD0GyUKepO6gDBm}, 19822: {instructions: Wash and dry basil well. In food processor combine basil, pine nuts and garlic process briefly to a coarse grainy paste. With motor running, add olive oil in a thin stream. Scrape pesto into a bowl it will still be fairly grainy. Add cheeses and mix well. Adjust seasoning with salt. If pesto is too thick, add some more olive oil some oil should appear around edges., ingredients: [1 cup basil leaves, carefully stemmed, very firmly packed, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 6 tablespoons Ligurian or ProvenHal olive oil, 2 teaspoons freshlygrated Parmesan cheese, firmly packed, 2 teaspoons freshlygrated Pecorino Romano cheese, firmly packed], title: Pesto, picturelink: null}, 19823: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 19824: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease 2 9 by 5 by 3inch loaf pans and set aside.nSift the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and sugar together into a large bowl. With a wooden spoon, stir in the honey, water, oil, pumpkin, and eggs until you have a smooth batter. Fold in the pecans, raisins, andor dried sour cherries, if using.nPour the batter in to the prepared pans and bake for 50 to 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center of a loaf comes out clean. Cool in the pans on a wire rack., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 cups sugar, 34 cup wildflower or other pale amber honey, 12 cup water, 1 cup vegetable oil, 23 cup canned or freshly cooked and pureed pumpkin, 4 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup chopped pecans, optional, 12 cup golden raisins, optional, 12 cup dried sour cherries, optional], title: Prairie Honey Pumpkin Bread, picturelink: null}, 19825: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large stock pot on mediumhigh heat add the vegetable oil, onion and jalapeno. Sprinkle with salt and saute until both are slightly tender. Remove the casing from the chorizo and add it to the pot. Using a wooden spoon or a potato masher, break up the links until they resemble ground meat. Saute until the orangecolored oil is released and the chorizo begins to slightly crisp about 10 minutes. Add the garlic, cumin, oregano, chili powder, thyme, paprika, red pepper flakes, tomatoes, and tomato paste. Stir all ingredients well and cook until the tomato skins begin to peel back and everything is a dark reddishbrown color, about 10 minutes.nAdd the turkey and gravy flavoring, then using a spoon or masher, break the ground turkey apart stirring frequently while cooking. Cook until the turkey is heated through, then add chicken stock, hot sauce, cinnamon stick, and salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the cornmeal, lower to a simmer and cover. Cook for about 1 hour, stirring occasionally to release the chili from the bottom of the pot. Remove cinnamon stick when it begins to uncurl itself and soak up a bit of moisture becoming dense and hydrated, around 40 minutes into the simmer.nMeanwhile, in a heavy pot or deepfryer heat enough oil to fill the pot at least 3inches deep to 350 degrees F. Stack the tortillas, a few at a time, and cut into 4 strips. When the oil reaches temperature, add 5 to 6 strips at a time and fry in batches until a tap from a spoon sounds hollow and bubbles begin to form on the strips, about 1 minute for each batch. Remove to a paper towellined plate and sprinkle each batch immediately with salt. About 30 minutes before serving add the cannellini beans to the chili and stir to heat through.nTransfer the chili to a large serving bowl and serve with the tortilla chips and garnishes set up like a bar., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, Salt, 1 pound uncooked or fresh Mexican chorizo about 4 links, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon Hungarian or hot paprika, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 pounds ground turkey, 2 teaspoons gravy flavoring recommended: Gravy Master or Kitchen Bouquet, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon hot sauce recomended: Franks Red Hot, 1 3inch cinnamon stick, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons fineground cornmeal, 20 blue corn tortillas, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 15.5ounce cans cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, Possible garnishes: 1 8ounce container sour cream, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 2 cups grated pepper jack cheese, 1 large onion, diced, 4 scallions, chopped, 5 Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped], title: Sunnys Game Day Chili, picturelink: KD7co2PNbwmZJ8tUxXowjO.dQ9ZeRC}, 19826: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet up grill for direct cooking over medium heat, and oil grill grate when ready to start cooking.nPlace chicken strips in large bowl with 1 cup buffalo wing sauce and toss to coat chicken.nGrill the chicken strips about 3 to 4 minutes per sidenWhile chicken is grilling carefully remove pizza dough from can. Unroll dough onto a flat surface. Spray both sides of the dough with nonstick cooking spray. Place the dough on the grill and let cook for 2 to 3 minutes per side. Carefully watch the crust, it can burn quickly.nSpread the blue cheese dressing over pizza leaving a 1inch border. Next, top with mozzarella cheese, red onion, celery, and chicken strips, and drizzle with 2 tablespoons of buffalo wing sauce.nCover with grill lid and cook 8 to 10 minutes until cheese is melted and bubbly. Serve hot.nIndoors: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly spray baking sheet with cooking spray and set aside. Carefully unroll dough and place on prepared baking sheet. Press out dough with clean hands to form 13 by 9inch rectangle. Place baking sheet in preheated oven. Bake for 7 minutes or until crust just begins to brown. Remove crust from oven and top as directed. Return to oven for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown and cheese is melted., ingredients: [1 pound chicken tenders, cut into small strips, 1 cup buffalo wing sauce plus 2 tablespoons, 1 13.8ounce can refrigerated pizza dough, 1 cup blue cheese dressing, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 1 cup red onions, sliced 1 small red onion, 1 cup celery, diced 2 stalks], title: Buffalo Chicken Pizza, picturelink: mMw2pKBf1gZwVPewQ8im4iTXNqZlW}, 19827: {instructions: For the pork ragu: This can TOTALLY be done ahead Place the garlic, celery, onions and fennel in a food processor and puree to a coarse paste.nCoat a large, wide pot with olive oil and toss in the pureed veg. Bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat and season generously with salt and a sprinkey dink of crushed red pepper. Cook the veg until they start to get brown and form a crust on the bottom of the pan be patient...this will take a little time. Scrape the crud off the bottom of the pan and let it reform. Stay with it and DO NOT let it burn.nAdd the ground pork, sprinkle with salt and repeat this process. This takes patience...accept it and move on. THIS is where BIG flavors are formed.nWhen the meat is nice and brown, add in the tomato paste, stir to combine and cook, stirring frequently, for 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the white wine and let it cook for 2 to 3 minutes.nToss in the pureed tomatoes, bay, cinnamon stick, thyme and 2 cups water. Taste and season with salt if needed. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Simmer until the liquid has reduced by half, add more water and reduce again. Taste and adjust the seasonings if needed. Turn off the heat and use immediately or store for future use.nFor the lasagna: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Working in batches, toss the butternut squash slices with olive oil and salt. Lay the squash slices on sheet trays and bake until the squash is tender but still holds its shape, about 20 minutes. Repeat until all the squash is roasted.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil, toss in 2 of the garlic cloves and a pinch of crushed red pepper and bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat. When the garlic is golden and very aromatic, remove it and toss it in the thank you for coming bowl. Add half of the mushrooms to the pan, season with salt and cook until they are soft and wilted. Remove from the pan and reserve. Repeat this whole processstarting with the oil and garlicwith the remaining mushrooms, followed by the spinach in 2 batches. Drain and cool the cooked spinach in a colander or mesh strainer.nIn a large bowl combine the ricotta and parsley.nTo assemble: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place a ladleful of the pork ragu in the bottom of a 9by13inch baking dish and spread it around to LIGHTLY cover the bottom of the dish.nArrange an even layer of the roasted squash on top of the ragu be sure the squash completely covers the surface of the baking dishthis acts as the pasta. Cover the squash layer generously with more ragu. Spoon 1tablespoon scoops of the ricotta mixture over the ragu. Arrange an even layer of spinach and mushrooms over the ricotta. Sprinkle with the grated Parmesan. Lay another layer of squash over the Parmesan and repeat the process until the baking dish is full, ending with a top layer of squash topped with a little ragu and Parmesan.nCover the baking dish with foil, place on a sheet tray and bake for 45 minutes. Remove the foil and bake for 10 minutes more. Remove from the oven and let rest for 15 to 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 ribs celery, cut into 12inch lengths, 1 large Spanish onion, cut into 1inch dice, 12 fennel bulb, cut into 12inch chunks, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper, 2 pounds ground pork, 1 cup tomato paste, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups pureed canned tomatoes, 4 bay leaves, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 fresh thyme bundle, 3 large butternut squash, peeled, quartered lengthwise, seeded and cut into 18inchthick slices, preferably on a mandoline, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper, 2 pounds assorted wild mushrooms, or any kind you like, stemmed and sliced, 2 pounds washed baby spinach, 1 12 pounds highquality fresh ricotta, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and finely chopped, 2 cups grated Parmesan], title: Butternut Squash and Pork Lasagna, picturelink: CMfvhYFFTV6fq6WL2DCGAwqSQt4egPu}, 19828: {instructions: Divide the apricot nectar among 4 chilled champagne flutes or coupe glasses. Top with the sparkling wine and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup apricot nectar, 1 bottle sparkling wine, well chilled], title: Apricot Spritzer, picturelink: d6qmY1H9gcIRB0yXl1BR.baekt5coW2}, 19829: {instructions: Heat the oil in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and cook until well browned on both sides. Remove the pork from the skillet.nAdd the garlic and onions to the skillet and cook and stir for 1 minute. Stir the soup, peach juice, soy sauce and honey in the skillet and heat to a boil. Cook for 5 minutes or until the soup mixture is slightly reduced.nReturn the pork to the skillet. Stir in the peaches. Reduce the heat to low. Cook until the pork is cooked through. Stir in the pecans. Serve the pork and sauce with the rice. Sprinkle with additional sliced green onion, if desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pork tenderloin about 1 pound, cut into 34inchthick slices, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 green onions, sliced about 14 cup, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Golden Mushroom Soup, 1 can about 15 ounces sliced peaches in juice, drained, reserving juice, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup pecan halves, toasted and broken into large pieces, Hot cooked rice], title: Pork Tenderloin with Peach and Pecan Sauce, picturelink: tXg4FT.tQFhFPpDSf56mUxavyuNfu}, 19830: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender combine all the ingredients except the parsley and paprika to be used for garnish. Blend on low speed until smooth. Youll have to stop the blender often to push down the ingredients. If the mixture is too dry and youre having trouble blending it, add a few more tablespoons of olive oil to help things along.nScrape the hummus onto a plate. Sprinkle the paprika over the top, drizzle lightly with olive oil, scatter some parsley on top, and serve. You can make the hummus up to a couple of hours before you serve it. Cover the top with plastic wrap and leave it at room temperature.nPer Tablespoon: Calories: 57 Total Fat: 4 grams Saturated Fat: 0.5 grams Protein: 1 gram Total carbohydrates: 5 grams Sugar: 0 grams Fiber: 1 gram Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 96 milligrams, ingredients: [2 15ounce cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, or more as needed, plus more for garnish, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley leaves, plus more for garnish, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon dark Asian sesame oil, 12 to 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 to 15 grinds black pepper, 14 cup water, Paprika, for garnish], title: Hummus Dip, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 19831: {instructions: COMBINE cranberry nectar, red raspberry jam and lemonlime soda in a large punch bowl until well combined. Using a medium sized scoop, spoon half of the ice cream over fruit mixture stir until frothy. Top with remaining scoops of ice cream forming ice cream snowballs atop the froth., ingredients: [1 32 oz. bottle Knudsenu00ae Cranberry Nectar, chilled, 1 12 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Seedless Red Raspberry Jam, 1 12 2 liter bottles lemonlime flavored carbonated beverage, chilled, 1.75 quart vanilla or vanilla bean ice cream], title: CranRaspberry Snowball Punch, picturelink: HWON1OV1IBkMQkV2vl5mLBzsweR0D7q}, 19832: {instructions: This is an easy centerpiece you can make with sugar. It is always best to have a bowl of cold water available in which you can immerse your hands should you get any sugar on you. This will stop the sugar from burning. As always, it is a good idea to take a class from a professional on working with sugar. This is a skill that professional pastry chefs develop after years of experience. Working with sugar will burn your fingers so know before you start that your fingers will develop burn blisters. For the cooked sugar: Place the sugar, corn syrup and water in a saucepan over high heat. Insert a candy thermometer and cook until the sugar reaches 320 degrees F. Use a clean pastry brush to keep the inside of the saucepan clean as the sugar cooks or the sugar may recrystallize. To do this, dip a clean brush in cold water and brush the inside of the pan clean.nOpen the 5 pound bag of sugar and pour most of it into a deep flat casserole dish. Pour the cooked sugar onto the granulated sugar. Leave some gaps. Sprinkle more granulated sugar on top of the cooked sugar. Use a wooden skewer to mix in some color paste. Do not try to make the color uniform. The end result will be more interesting if the color is not uniform. Sprinkle more sugar on top. It is a good idea to wear gloves to protect your fingers from the heat of the cooked sugar. Use your fingers to move the granulated sugar around the cooked sugar. As it cools, the cooked sugar will harden. Keep an eye on it so it does not become too hard. You want to be able to mold it into the shape you want while it is still pliable. This takes some time. I made a free form shape that had a 90 degree angle.nFor the sugar flowers: Place the sugar, corn syrup and water in a saucepan over high heat. Insert a candy thermometer and cook until the sugar reaches 320 degrees F. Use a pastry brush to keep the inside of the saucepan clean as the sugar cooks or the sugar may recrystallize. To do this, dip a clean brush in cold water and brush the inside of the pan clean.nDivide the cooked sugar between 2 heatproof large measuring cups. If you want to color the sugar with food colors, this is the time to do so. Add a few drops of red color to one container and green color to the other. Mix each with a wooden skewer.nUse an offset spatula dipped in the red sugar to spread some sugar onto a silpat baking mat. Make 3 inch long smudges that taper off at one end, these will be the petals. You will need 5 petals to make 1 flower, so if you want more than one flower you will need to make the appropriate number of petals. Repeat the process with the green sugar. This time, use the offset spatula to fan the edges of the petals to resemble the texture of leaves. Have a flexible silicone muffin mold or a metal muffin tin lined with parchment paper on the work surface. When the sugar petals have cooled but are still pliable, set the petals inside the cavity of the mold. Dip each petal end into a little of the cooked sugar so you can glue the petals together. The depth of the mold cavity will help give the flower a threedimensional look. Repeat this process with other flower petals to make more flowers.nWhen you have the centerpiece base formed into the shape you would like, allow it to cool completely. Use more cooked sugar which can be reheated in the microwave if necessary to glue the sugar flowers onto the base. Add the leaves., ingredients: [5 cups or 1 kilo sugar, 1 14 cup or 400 grams corn syrup, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons or 250 grams water, Food color paste and assorted colors chef used blue, 5 pounds of sugar, 5 cups or 1 kilo sugar, 1 14 cup or 400 grams corn syrup, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons or 250 grams water, Food color paste and assorted colors chef used green and red], title: Amorphic Sugar Centerpiece with Flowers, picturelink: null}, 19833: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Pulse the butter, lemon zest and juice, garlic, thyme, paprika, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 tablespoon pepper in a food processor until smooth.nPut the chickens on a rimmed baking sheet. Loosen the skin on the breasts and legs with your fingers. Rub about threequarters of the lemonpepper butter under the skin, then rub the rest all over the chickens. Refrigerate, uncovered, 2 hours or up to 8 hours before roasting.nTie the chicken legs together with twine and tuck the wings under the body place breastside up on a rack in a large roasting pan. Pour the wine into the pan and transfer to the oven roast until the chickens are golden and crisp and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 170 degrees F, about 1 hour, 50 minutes. Tent with foil if the skin browns too quickly.nLet the chickens rest 10 minutes before portioning see below. Season with salt.nGrab one of the legs with tongs and pull it away from the body cut through the skin with kitchen shears.nPull the leg out and back to pop the joint remove the leg with the shears. Repeat on the other side.nSeparate the drumsticks from the thighs with the shears.nCut off the wings as close to the body as possible.nInsert the shears into the tail end of the chicken and cut along the breastbone.nPull back one of the breasts and cut it off the backbone. Repeat on the other side.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 2 cloves garlic, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 4to5pound chickens, rinsed and patted dry, 1 cup dry white wine], title: LemonPepper Roast Chicken, picturelink: cs2ukRJH4c6ixTnwpmOCX9VdBR5oA6u}, 19834: {instructions: Adjust oven racks to the upper and lower middle positions and heat the oven to 425 degrees.nWorking with one sheet at a time on a lightly floured work surface, trim the puff pastry sheets to 9 by 9inch squares, then cut each sheet into nine 3inch squares.nWorking with one square of dough at a time, place a portion of chocolate onto the lower corner, brush two edges of the dough with beaten egg, and fold the dough in half diagonally to form a turnover. Place each turnover on a parchmentlined cookie sheet, spacing them about 2 inches apart about 9 per sheet. Brush the dough tops with egg wash.nBake until golden brown, switching and rotating cookie sheets halfway through baking to ensure even browning, about 15 minutes. Cool the turnovers briefly. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar, if desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 17 14ounce package puff pastry sheets, 4 12 ounces semi or bittersweet chocolate, broken into 14ounce pieces, 1 egg, beaten, Confectioners sugar, for dusting optional], title: Chocolate Turnovers, picturelink: null}, 19835: {instructions: Boil chicken about 20 minutes. Add collards and seasoning. Lower heat, cook about 2 hours or until greens are tender., ingredients: [2 large bunches collards, stemmed, washed very well and torn into pieces, 1 to 2 cups water, 2 to 3 chicken thighs, 14 cup corn oil, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Mamas Collards, picturelink: null}, 19836: {instructions: For the chutney: Place the mangoes, apple, brown sugar, ginger, and hot pepper in a food processor and pulse until the mixture is chunky and well combined. Transfer to a medium saucepot and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Add the vinegar, season to taste with salt and pepper, and continue to simmer until the fruit is tender and the vinegar has mellowed slightly, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking. Remove from the heat and set aside. Serve warm or at room temperature.nFor the pie filling: In a large skillet, heat the vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the potato, onion, pepper, celery, and garlic and cook until softened, about 6 minutes. Add the cumin, salt, and pepper. Mix well to ensure that all the vegetables are seasoned. Once the potatoes start to brown, add the vegetable broth, bring to a boil then reduce heat to simmer. Once the liquid begins to reduce add the shrimp and cover skillet. Remove the cover once all the liquid has been absorbed, about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool to room temperature.nFor the dough: In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, curry powder, and 12 teaspoon salt. Slowly add the water until the dough is well formed and soft but not sticky you may not use all the water. Knead for 2 minutes on a lightly floured surface and then place in a large bowl to rest for at least 15 minutes. Cover the bowl with a moist cloth or flip the bowl over on a clean prep surface and let sit until ready to use.nHeat the oil in a pot to 360 degrees F. Divide the dough into 8 balls. Flatten into 4inch circles and place a heaping spoonful of mixture in the center, taking care not to overfill. Wet one edge with water, fold over and seal by pinching the edges with fingers or floured fork. Gently add each pie into the hot oil and fry on both sides until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain on brown paper or paper towels.nServe the pies with the applemango chutney., ingredients: [2 firm ripe mangoes, peeled and diced, 1 Golden Delicious apple, peeled and diced, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh peeled and thinly sliced ginger, 12 teaspoon minced hot chile pepper, such as serrano, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 large or 4 medium red skin potatoes about 1 pound, peeled and diced, 12 sweet onion, finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped green bell pepper, 14 cup finely chopped celery, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups vegetable broth, 12 pound peeled and deveined jumbo shrimp 11 to 15 count, chopped, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon Madras curry powder, Kosher salt, 34 cups water, 4 cups of canola oil, for frying], title: Aloo Pie with AppleMango Chutney, picturelink: null}, 19837: {instructions: Divide the pastry into 2 parts, one a little larger than the other. Wrap the larger piece in plastic wrap and reserve. On a lightly floured surface, roll the smaller piece into a round, 18 to 14inch thick, large enough to overlap a 10 by 2inch pie plate. Arrange in the pie plate and even with a sharp knife, leaving about a 12inch overhang. Add the trimmings to the reserved dough. Tuck the overhang back under, making a slightly thicker edging. Chill for 30 minutes. If using a glass pie plate, remove from the refrigerator 15 minutes before filling.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out the reserved piece of dough into a 12inch square, about 14inch thick. Cut out a piece of cardboard, 12inch wide and 10 or 12 inches long. Wrap the strip in plastic wrap and use as a guide. With a sharp knife or a pastry cutter, cut the dough into 20 12inch strips. Lay 10 strips vertically on the back of a large baking pan, leaving a very small space between strips. Weave a lattice pattern by placing each of the remaining strips over and under horizontally. Its easier to weave if the dough is not too firm, but it cant be too soft, either. If its too soft, refrigerate for a little while and then continue. To weave, turn back every other strip of dough 1, 3, 5, etc., lay a horizontal strip across, as close to the top as possible, and return the turnedback strips to the original length.nFor the next row, alternate the strips that you turn back 2, 4, 6, etc. and again place a horizontal strip across, close to the first strip. Repeat this procedure until all the strips are used. Refrigerate just until firm. Using a 9inch cardboard round, a plate, or a pot cover as a guide, cut out a 9inch circle of latticework and refrigerate on the baking pan until needed. Excess dough can be wrapped and refrigerated or frozen for future use.nPeel, core and quarter the apples. Cut into 14inch slices. In 2 or 3 large skillets, melt the butter 2 or 3 tablespoons in each skillet, depending upon how many you use and brown. The butter will have a slightly nutty aroma. Divide the apples, arrange in the pans, and coat with the butter. Sprinkle in the sugar and over mediumhigh heat, saute the apples until lightly caramelized and tender, 15 to 20 minutes, turning often so that the apples cook evenly. Pour in 1 tablespoon of Calvados and the brandy and cook until the alcohol burns off. Pour in the cream and stir through. Transfer and spread over a large baking tray to cool.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWarm the remaining 14 cup Calvados. Combine the chopped prunes, apricots, and figs in a small bowl. Pour the Calvados over and let plump.nIn a large bowl, combine the cooled apples and the plumped dried fruit. Stir in the lemon juice, cinnamon, lemon and orange zests, and nutmeg, and mix well. Spoon the filling into the prepared pie plate. Using a wide spatula, carefully transfer the 9inch latticework circle and arrange on top of the filling. Brush the latticework with egg white and sprinkle with the crystallized sugar. Bake 30 minutes, turn the oven down to 350 degrees F and bake 35 to 40 minutes longer, until the crust is golden brown. Cool on a rack. Serve warm.nIn a food processor fitted with the steel blade, combine the flour and sugar. Add the butter and process until the texture resembles fine meal.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the yolks and 1 tablespoon of the cream. Scrape into the machine and process until a ball begins to form, using the additional tablespoon of cream, if necessary. Remove the dough from the machine, and on a lightly floured surface, press down into a circle. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nYield: Makes 1 12 pounds or 2 9inch tart shells, ingredients: [2 pounds pate sucre, recipe follows, 5 pounds about 10 large pippin or Granny Smith apples, 6 tablespoons 3 ounces unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon Calvados, 1 tablespoon brandy, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 ounces about 14 cup chopped dried prunes, 1 12 ounces about 14 cup chopped dried apricots, 1 ounce about 14 cup chopped dried figs, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 egg white, very lightly whisked, 1 12 tablespoons crystallized sugar, 2 13 cups cake or pastry flour, 13 cup sugar, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, chilled, cut into small pieces, 2 egg yolks, 1 or 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Christmas Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 19838: {instructions: Pour the oil into a large skillet and place over high heat. Add the onion and bell pepper and saute, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the potatoes, cumin, salt and red pepper flakes, lower the heat to mediumhigh and cook, stirring occasionally, for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the potatoes are fork tender and some are browned. The potatoes will begin to stick as they cook. Just continue to turn with a spatula. Stir in half of the green onions, top with the remainder, and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 1 red onion, thinly sliced about 2 cups, 1 red bell pepper, diced about 2 cups, 2 pounds sweet potatoes, quartered and cut into 14inch slices, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup green onions, chopped], title: Sweet Potato Hash, picturelink: null}, 19839: {instructions: Assembly: Begin with a layer of brownie, alternate layers of cream cheese peanut butter mousse and chocolate cake, ending with cake. Pour melted fudge over the cake top with chunks of brownie pieces. Pour more melted fudge over the brownie pieces. Finish with a splash of peanut butter chips on top.nThoroughly combine ingredients., ingredients: [1 10inch brownie round, Cream Cheese Peanut Butter Mousse, recipe follows, 2 layers chocolate cake, Melted fudge, Brownie chunks, Peanut butter chips, 6 8 ounce bars cream cheese, softened, 1 12 ounce package peanut butter cups, crushed, 1 8 ounce jar creamy peanut butter], title: Peanut Butter Explosion, picturelink: null}, 19840: {instructions: Cut the slices of bread into triangular shapes, or use a Christmas ornament mold and cut out the shape. Add butter to the bread and cut the salmon into triangular shapes and place over the buttered bread. Add the lemon on the tip of the triangular shape for decoration., ingredients: [4 slices white bread, crusts removed, 2 tablespoons20 g butter, 2 ounces75 g smoked salmon, thinly sliced, Lemon, thinly sliced, for garnish], title: Smoked Salmon Tartine, picturelink: null}, 19841: {instructions: Special equipment: sandwich press, smokernPreheat the smoker to 165 degrees F.nSprinkle the chicken with the 321 Spice Blend until evenly coated on all sides. Place the chicken on the smoker over indirect heat and cook for 1 to 2 hours.nPull the meat off the bones, mixing the dark and white meat. Spread some dressing on one side of each piece of bread. Place the warm smoked chicken on the bottom piece of bread and top with the Cabbage Salad. Place the cheese on top of the cabbage and then finish with the top piece of bread. Place on a sandwich press until golden brown and crisp, 8 to 10 minutes.nIn a large mixing bowl, add the garlic powder, black pepper and salt and mix until combined. Yield: 6 cupsnAdd the cabbage, jalapenos, carrots, onions and bell peppers to a large bowl and toss until evenly distributed.nIn a large saucepot set over medium heat, add the sugar, vinegar, oil, hot sauce and celery salt, and bring to a simmer. Stir until well blended and the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and stir in the mustard. Pour the warm dressing mixture over the cabbage salad and toss. Add the celery seeds and mix well., ingredients: [4 to 8 ounces chicken breast and leg meat, 2 tablespoons 321 Spice Blend, recipe follows, Thousand Island dressing, 2 slices thick rye bread, 3 ounces Cabbage Salad, recipe follows, 1 slice Swiss, 3 cups granulated garlic, 2 cups ground black pepper, 1 cup salt, 8 cups shredded cabbage, 12 cup finely minced jalapenos, with seeds, 2 large carrots, grated, 1 large red onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups white vinegar, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, crushed], title: Booben Sandwich, picturelink: rSy.rDKj6IooYNErRUXzfskXxgrJTS}, 19842: {instructions: Puree 2 pints lemon sorbet, 2 cups thawed frozen mixed berries and 12 cup tequila anejo in a blender until smooth, about 1 minute. Divide among 6 glasses garnish with lime or lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Frozen LemonBerry Margaritas, picturelink: eBtbXXrvJMfgEyZ68mYcOfHhmdPzd2}, 19843: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush 4 mini loaf pans about 5 by 3 inches each with vegetable oil. Whisk the flour, baking powder, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Beat the milk, 1 13 cups vegetable oil, the eggs, poppy seeds, and almond and vanilla extracts in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on medium speed until combined. Gradually beat in the flour mixture until well combined. Fold the blueberries into the batter with a rubber spatula.nDivide the batter among the prepared pans and bake until golden on top and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 1 hour to 1 hour, 10 minutes. Transfer the pans to a rack and let cool about 10 minutes, then remove the cakes to the rack to cool completely.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 13 cups vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 12 cups sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 12 cups whole milk, 3 large eggs, 1 12 tablespoons poppy seeds, 1 12 teaspoons almond extract, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup blueberries], title: BlueberryPoppy Seed Loaves, picturelink: 252YUb.GrnOEkpJWftDVQVWCcLTzS}, 19844: {instructions: Defrost spinach in microwave. Wring spinach dry by nesting in kitchen towel and twisting towel over garbage bowl or sink until spinach has given off all of its liquid. Place spinach in a medium mixing bowl. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat, add oil and onion and saute the onion until soft, 5 minutes. Add onion to spinach in bowl and return pan to stove top. Turn off heat.nAdd remaining ingredients to spinach: bread crumbs, cheese, egg, nutmeg, salt and pepper. Combine mixture with a fork, then form into 3inch patties. Set aside.nLine bacon up on meatsafe cutting board a few inches apart. Preheat a second skillet over high heat. Reheat the spinach cakes skillet over medium high heat. Season steaks with salt and pepper and set on bacon slices in the center of each slice. Wrap bacon over steaks. Place seam side down in pan and cook 2 minutes on each side. Add 2 tablespoons oil to spinach cakes pan and set cakes in to cook. Work in 2 batches if necessary. Cook cakes 3 minutes on each side.nReduce heat to medium under steaks after the first 2 minutes on each side. Cook meat another 6 to 10 minutes, turning occasionally, for medium rare to medium well doneness.nRemove meat from the pan and let it rest. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter and flour and cook together 1 minute. Whisk in wine and deglaze pan. Whisk in broth and thicken sauce 1 minute. Add remaining tablespoon butter and remove skillet from heat.nQuarter tomatoes lengthwise.nTo serve, set the spinach cakes and steaks beside each other on 23 of serving plates and pour sauce evenly over steaks. Scatter a quartered tomato next to spinach cakes on each plate. Drizzle tomatoes with oil, season with salt and pepper and top with chopped chives. Serve plates immediately.nDefrost spinach in microwave. Wring spinach dry by nesting in kitchen towel and twisting towel over garbage bowl or sink until spinach has given off all of its liquid. Place spinach in a medium mixing bowl. Heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat, add oil and onion and saute the onion until soft, 5 minutes. Add onion to spinach in bowl and return pan to stove top. Turn off heat.nAdd remaining ingredients to spinach: bread crumbs, cheese, egg, nutmeg, salt and pepper. Combine mixture with a fork, then form into 3inch patties. Set aside.nLine bacon up on meatsafe cutting board a few inches apart. Preheat a second skillet over high heat. Reheat the spinach cakes skillet over medium high heat. Season steaks with salt and pepper and set on bacon slices in the center of each slice. Wrap bacon over steaks. Place seam side down in pan and cook 2 minutes on each side. Add 2 tablespoons oil to spinach cakes pan and set cakes in to cook. Work in 2 batches if necessary. Cook cakes 3 minutes on each side.nReduce heat to medium under steaks after the first 2 minutes on each side. Cook meat another 6 to 10 minutes, turning occasionally, for medium rare to medium well doneness.nRemove meat from the pan and let it rest. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter and flour and cook together 1 minute. Whisk in wine and deglaze pan. Whisk in broth and thicken sauce 1 minute. Add remaining tablespoon butter and remove skillet from heat.nQuarter tomatoes lengthwise.nTo serve, set the spinach cakes and steaks beside each other on 23 of serving plates and pour sauce evenly over steaks. Scatter a quartered tomato next to spinach cakes on each plate. Drizzle tomatoes with oil, season with salt and pepper and top with chopped chives. Serve plates immediately., ingredients: [2 packages frozen chopped spinach, 10 ounces each, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 for onion, 2 tablespoons to fry cakes, 1 small onion, chopped, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, 3 handfuls, 13 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 handfuls, 1 egg, beaten, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 packages frozen chopped spinach, 10 ounces each, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 for onion, 2 tablespoons to fry cakes, 1 small onion, chopped, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, 3 handfuls, 13 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 handfuls, 1 egg, beaten, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 thin slices bacon, look for packaged bacon marked Center Cut in packaged meats case, 4 beef tenderloin steaks, 1 12 inches thick, Coarse salt and cracked black pepper, season to your tastes, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry red wine, 12 cup beef stock, available on soup aisle, 4 thin slices bacon, look for packaged bacon marked Center Cut in packaged meats case, 4 beef tenderloin steaks, 1 12 inches thick, Coarse salt and cracked black pepper, season to your tastes, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry red wine, 12 cup beef stock, available on soup aisle, 4 small Roma tomatoes, Extravirgin oil, for drizzling, 2 tablespoons chopped or snipped fresh chives, 4 small Roma tomatoes, Extravirgin oil, for drizzling, 2 tablespoons chopped or snipped fresh chives], title: Bacon Wrapped Beef Tenderloin Steaks with Spinach and Cheese Cakes, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 19845: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the pasta according to package directions. Drain when the pasta is still al dente do not overcooknSprinkle 1 12 teaspoons Cajun spice or more over the chicken cubes. Toss around to coat. Heat 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon oil in a heavy skillet over high heat. Add half the chicken in a single layer do not stir. Allow the chicken to brown on one side, about 1 minute. Flip to the other side and cook an additional minute. Remove with a slotted spoon and place on a clean plate. Repeat with the remaining chicken. Remove the chicken, leaving the skillet on high heat. Add the remaining butter and olive oil. When heated, add the garlic, peppers and onions. Sprinkle on the remaining Cajun spice, and add salt if needed. Cook over high heat for 1 minute, stirring gently and trying to get the vegetables as darkblack as possible. Add the tomatoes and cook for an additional 30 seconds. Remove all the vegetables from the skillet.nWith the skillet still over high heat, pour in the chicken broth and wine. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes, scraping the bottom of the pan to deglaze. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and pour in the cream, stirringwhisking constantly. Cook the sauce over mediumlow heat for a few minutes, until the cream starts to thicken the mixture. Taste and add freshly ground black pepper, cayenne pepper, andor salt to taste. The sauce should be spicynFinally, add the chicken and vegetables to the sauce, making sure to include all the juices that have drained onto the plate. Stir and cook until the mixture is bubbly and hot, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the drained fettuccine and toss to combine.nTop with chopped fresh parsley and chow down, ingredients: [1 pound fettuccine, About 3 teaspoons Cajun spice mix, 3 whole boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into cubes, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 whole green bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 1 whole red bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 12 large red onion, sliced, Salt, 4 whole Roma tomatoes, diced, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, Cayenne pepper, for sprinkling, Freshly ground black pepper, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Cajun Chicken Pasta, picturelink: ifZZ6.99FrNVHoY8pATZalSmZsEr.}, 19846: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, lemon juice, lime juice, honey, ancho chili powder, garlic and oregano in a blender and blend for 30 seconds. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nPlace the marinade in a large shallow baking dish, add the chicken pieces and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a large saute pan until almost smoking. Remove the chicken from the marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Saute the chicken until golden brown on both sides. Place the chicken on a large baking sheet and place in the oven, bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until just cooked through. Remove from the oven and let rest, 5 minutes.nServe with Roasted Pepper and Black Olive Relish and SaffronTomato Rice.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve at room temperature.nCombine water, stock, 2 tablespoons salt and saffron in a medium saucepan over high heat and simmer until the threads open, about 5 minutes.nMelt butter and oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add onion and saute until soft. Add the rice and stir to coat with the oil and butter. Add the saffron broth, bring to a boil, cover and reduce heat to medium. Cook until the rice is tender about 12 to 15 minutes. Fold in the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, 10 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 14 cup fresh oregano leaves, 2 cups pure olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 chickens, 2 12 pounds each, quartered, Roasted Pepper and Black Olive Relish, recipe follows, SaffronTomato Rice, recipe follows, 2 roasted red bell peppers, peeled, seeded and diced, 2 roasted yellow bell peppers, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 cup pitted and coarsely chopped nicoise olives, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup coarsely chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups water, 2 cups homemade or low sodium canned chicken stoc, Pinch saffron threads, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium Spanish onion, 3 cups converted white rice, 5 tomatoes, seeded and diced], title: Garlic and Oregano Marinated Chicken with Roasted Pepper and Black Olive Relish with SaffronTomato Rice, picturelink: null}, 19847: {instructions: To make simple syrup: Place 2 cups sugar and 2 cups water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Stir until sugar is dissolved and let cool. Place lemon juice in a large pitcher, add remaining 4 cups water and 1 cup of the simple syrup or more to taste. Stir in mint leaves and refrigerate for 1 hour. Serve over ice., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 6 cups water, 2 cups fresh lemon juice, 12 cup mint leaves], title: Minted Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 19848: {instructions: Stir the stock, soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, garlic powder and red pepper in a shallow nonmetallic dish or a gallonsize resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover the dish or close the bag and refrigerate for 1 hour. Remove the chicken from the marinade.nLightly oil the grill rack and heat the grill to medium. Grill the chicken for 15 minutes or until its cooked though, turning and brushing often with the marinade.nHeat the remaining marinade in a 1quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat to a boil and serve with the chicken., ingredients: [1 34 cups Swansonu00ae Chicken Stock, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves], title: Asian Grilled Chicken, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 19849: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTrim the ends off each onion then halve lengthwise. Remove peel and finely slice into halfmoon shapes. Set electric skillet to 300 degrees and add butter. Once butter has melted add a layer of onions and sprinkle with a little salt. Repeat layering onions and salt until all onions are in the skillet. Do not try stirring until onions have sweated down for 15 to 20 minutes. After that, stir occasionally until onions are dark mahogany and reduced to approximately 2 cups. This should take 45 minutes to 1 hour. Do not worry about burning.nAdd enough wine to cover the onions and turn heat to high, reducing the wine to a syrup consistency. Add consomme, chicken broth, apple cider and bouquet garni. Reduce heat and simmer 15 to 20 minutes.nPlace oven rack in top 13 of oven and heat broiler.nCut country bread in rounds large enough to fit mouth of oven safe soup crocks. Place the slices on a baking sheet and place under broiler for 1 minute.nSeason soup mixture with salt, pepper and cognac. Remove bouquet garni and ladle soup into crocks leaving one inch to the lip. Place bread round, toasted side down, on top of soup and top with grated cheese. Broil until cheese is bubbly and golden, 1 to 2 minutes., ingredients: [5 sweet onions like Vidalias or a combination of sweet and red onions about 4 pounds, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups white wine, 10 ounces canned beef consomme, 10 ounces chicken broth, 10 ounces apple cider unfiltered is best, Bouquet garni thyme sprigs, bay leaf and parsley tied together with kitchen string, 1 loaf country style bread, Kosher salt, Ground black pepper, Splash of Cognac optional, 1 cup Fontina or Gruyere cheese, grated], title: French Onion Soup, picturelink: gKlCzlz0nAMUV790CVgbrM3zRsXAhC}, 19850: {instructions: Toss Curlys Sauceless Pulled Chicken in BBQ sauce. Spread BBQ over pizza crust.nTop with remaining ingredients. Bake on pizza stone in a 450 degree oven for 1012 minutes., ingredients: [1 ready made pizza crust, 6 oz. Curlys Sauceless Pulled Chicken or Curlys Sauceless Pulled Pork if preferred, 12 cup BBQ sauce, 4 oz. Mozzarella, 2 oz. chopped tomato, 1 oz. chopped onion, 1 oz. sliced mushrooms, 1 oz. sliced green peppers], title: Curlys BBQ Chicken Pizza, picturelink: null}, 19851: {instructions: Special equipment: Six 6 to 8ounce shallow ramekins a kitchen blowtorchnPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Put six 8ounce ramekins on a rimmed baking sheet or in a large, shallow baking dish.nFor the custard: Put the heavy cream, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, the cloves, cinnamon and nutmeg in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves and the cream comes to a bare simmer. Meanwhile, whisk together the egg yolks, 2 tablespoons of the remaining granulated sugar and 2 tablespoons of the remaining light brown sugar in a medium bowl.nSlowly whisk the hot cream into the egg yolk mixture. Strain the custard into a pitcher or large measuring cup. Divide the custard evenly among the ramekins. Place the baking sheet in the oven, then carefully add enough hot water to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake until the custards are just set at the sides and still wobbly in the center, about 30 minutes. Remove the ramekins from the water and let cool completely on a wire rack, about 30 minutes. Leave the oven on.nFor the garnish: While the custards cool, spread the pecans on a baking sheet and bake until they are brown and toastysmelling, about 10 minutes. Whip the cream in a medium bowl until soft peaks form.nTo assemble: Sprinkle the remaining 34 cup granulated sugar evenly over the tops of the custards. Using a kitchen torch, cook the tops until the sugar melts and turns deep amber. Allow the sugar to harden, about 2 minutes. Top each creme brulee with a dollop of whipped cream, 3 pecans, a fresh raspberry and a mint sprig, if using. Dust with some confectioners sugar and serve., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 3 whole cloves, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 6 large egg yolks, 18 pecans, 34 cup heavy cream, 6 raspberries, 6 small mint sprigs, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Three Spice Creme Brulee, picturelink: ZohLwzjBjmlsmGeyj7G2JGxG6.cDjDq}, 19852: {instructions: With a slender knife cut a 3inch pocket along length of thickest side of chicken or have a butcher do this for you. In a mixing bowl combine the cheese with chopped herbs of your choice and season to taste with salt and pepper. Stuff a quarter of this mixture into each pocket and secure pocket with toothpicks. Season the outside with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a nonstick pan and saute the chicken, skin side down for 5 to 6 minutes over moderate heat. Turn over and cook for 5 minutes longer or until chicken is cooked through. Remove toothpicks and serve over the salad.nVariation: instead of the cheese and herbs, stuff each chicken breast with about 2 to 4 tablespoons of another mixture which might include one or several ingredients such as slivered roasted peppers, pitted good black olives, sundried tomatoes, capers, anchovies, hot chilis, or other cheeses such as Mozzarella or Fontina., ingredients: [4 boneless chicken breast halves, 4 ounces soft cheese such as fresh goats cheese, or ricotta, 14 cup chopped herbs one of a kind or a mix such as chives, parsley, tarragon, dill, mint or basil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Stuffed Chicken Breasts, picturelink: null}, 19853: {instructions: Muddle 2 cups blackberries with 2 cups simple syrup recipe follows in a pitcher. Stir in 2 cups each fresh lemon juice and water add ice and lemon slices.nSimple Syrup: To make 2 cups simple syrup, bring 1 12cups each sugar and water to a boil, stirring until dissolved. Let cool.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Blackberry Lemonade, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 19854: {instructions: 1. Arrange the oven racks in the center and lower third of the oven. Place a baking dish or roasting pan on the bottom rack and fill halfway with water. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.n2. Coat a 9inch springform pan with nonstick cooking spray. Place 2 tablespoons of the sugar and the cookies in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until they become fine crumbs. Add the melted butter and pulse until moist. Press the mixture into the bottom and slightly up the sides of the springform pan. Set aside.n3. Beat the cream cheese and remaining 1 12 cups sugar until creamy in the bowl of a standing mixer or using a hand mixer. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time until just incorporated. Beat in the sour cream, flour and vanilla. Reserve 3 cups of the batter this does not need to be refrigerated and stir the melted chocolate and almond extract into the remaining batter. Dont worry if there are tiny flecks of chocolate in the batter, they will bake into the cheesecake. Pour the chocolate batter over the crust. Bake the cheesecake on the center rack of the oven until the edges are just set but the center is still a bit jiggly, 30 to 35 minutes.n4. Slowly pour the reserved vanilla batter over the chocolate layer and continue to bake until the cheesecake is just set but the center is slightly jiggly, another 40 to 45 minutes. Turn off the oven, open the door slightly and let the cheesecake cool 20 minutes. Remove and run a knife around the edge of the pan. Cool to room temperature and then chill overnight.n5. Before serving, let stand at room temperature for about 1 hour. Remove the sides of the pan. Garnish generously with white and semisweet chocolate curls., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 25 chocolate wafer cookies from one 9ounce package, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Three 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 large eggs, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 ounces chopped semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled slightly, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, White and semisweet chocolate curls, for garnish], title: Ultra Creamy Black and White Cheesecake, picturelink: z0MGPSRzy.OxWWAg3mIYxQiCkpOiOu}, 19855: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut the squash vertically down the center and use a spoon to scrape out the seeds. Cut the squash into 2inch pieces or halfmoons. Put on a large baking sheet and toss to combine with the Brussels sprouts, pumpkin seeds, olive oil, turnips, carrots and some salt and pepper.nRoast the vegetables, stirring once, until caramelized and tender, about 30 minutes. Test for doneness with the tip of a sharp knife it should go through the vegetables easily. Transfer to a large serving platter, drizzle with the Balsamic Vinaigrette and garnish with the parsley, currants and goat cheese.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, mustard, garlic and salt and pepper to taste until completely combined., ingredients: [2 medium delicata squash, unpeeled, 2 cups Brussels sprouts, cut in half through the stem, 12 cup pumpkin seeds, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 medium turnips, cut into 1 12inch wedges, 2 carrots, cut into 2inch pieces, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, Balsamic Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup currants, 4 ounces crumbled goat cheese, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, smashed and minced, Kosher salt and ground black pepper], title: Roasted Vegetables Salad, picturelink: 0U6BPHVHLRzRdCajNRSeyj9gM7gLf4m}, 19856: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 7 minutes. Add the chickpeas, raisins, harissa, cinnamon, cumin, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper and cook, stirring, until the spices are toasted, about 30 seconds.nWorking over the skillet, rip the tomatoes into large chunks with your hands and add to the skillet add 2 cups water. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, cover and simmer until the tomatoes and chickpeas have softened, about 12 minutes. Stir in the squash and olives, cover and cook until the squash is tender, about 5 minutes. Stir gently, so as not to break apart the squash too much, and simmer, uncovered, until the sauce is slightly thickened, about 5 minutes.nWhile the tagine simmers, prepare the couscous according to package directions.nRemove the tagine from the heat, and stir in the cilantro. Adjust the seasoning with additional salt, pepper and harissa. Divide the couscous between four plates, and spoon the tagine over it. Serve with additional harissa on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium yellow onion, cut from root to tip into 14inchthick slices, One 15.5ounce can chickpeas, strained, 13 cup golden raisins or chopped dried apricots, 1 tablespoon harissa or 2 teaspoons sriracha, plus more if desired, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 whole peeled canned tomatoes, One 10oz package frozen diced butternut squash, 13 cup pitted green olives, smashed with the side of a knife, 1 cup couscous, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro], title: Shortcut Moroccan Vegetable Tagine with Couscous, picturelink: ejoAp5BaPXJK0ayZ1TBeN9OOb05HepS}, 19857: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 12inch round cookie cutter, and a 12ounce cookie scoopnPosition an oven rack in the lower third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, knead together the cookie dough and 14 cup flour until smooth. Lightly flour a work surface. Roll out the dough to 14inch thick. Using a 2 12inch cookie cutter, cut out circles from the dough. Knead together any scraps of dough and roll out again. Continue to cut out pastry circles until there are 24 pieces in total. Place the dough circles on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until the cookies are slightly golden around the edges, about 10 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes and transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Reserve 1 parchment paperlined baking sheet.nCombine 1 cup of chocolate chips and the cream in a small bowl. Place the bowl over a pan of simmering water and stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth. Whisk in the peppermint extract and refrigerate the mixture for 1 hour. Using a 12ounce cookie scoop or a tablespoon measure, place the chocolate mixture in the center of the flat side of 12 of the cookies. Place the remaining cookies on top and gently squeeze to distribute the filling evenly. Place on a baking sheet and freeze until the filling has set, about 25 minutes.nCombine the remaining chocolate chips and the vegetable oil in a small bowl. Place the bowl over a pan of simmering water and stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth. Dip the top of each cookie in the melted chocolate and return to the baking sheet. Sprinkle the tops with crushed candy canes or peppermint candies. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Store in an airtight plastic container., ingredients: [1 16.5 ounce tube refrigerated sugar cookie dough, 14 cup allpurpose flour plus extra for dusting, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips, divided, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon pure peppermint extract, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil], title: PeppermintChocolate Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: XJvT20dmX7hH8Ir1g82jwTmGKr95c6}, 19858: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar until fluffy. Add the vanilla, egg yolks, lemon zest and juice and orange zest and mix until combined. Use a rubber spatula to scrape the bowl, then mix again. Add the sifted flour and mix until combined. Transfer the dough to a resealable plastic bag and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nWhen ready to make the cookies, preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. Cut about 18 candied cherries in half.nRoll the dough into small balls and set on the prepared baking sheets. Gently press 1 cherry half cutside down into each ball. Bake about 20 minutes, removing the cookies from the oven before they brown. Cool on a wire rack., ingredients: [2 sticks salted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 egg yolks, stirred, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Zest of 1 orange, 2 cups allpurpose flour, sifted twice, Green and red candied cherries, for topping], title: Christmas Cherries, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 19859: {instructions: Put a small pile each of green, purple and gold sanding sugar on a plate, keeping them separate. Moisten the rim of a martini glass, then press part of the rim into each colored sugar. Combine the vodka, Grand Marnier and Baileys in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well, then strain into the prepared glass. Dust with cinnamon.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [Green, purple and gold sanding sugar, for the glass, 2 ounces Lucky Player King Cake Vodka or use 2 ounces vanillaflavored vodka plus 2 drops almond extract, 12 ounce Grand Marnier, 12 ounce Baileys Irish Cream, Ground cinnamon, for dusting], title: Parade Time Cocktail, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 19860: {instructions: Add the potatoes and carrots to a large pot of boiling water and cook until they are easy to pierce with a fork, about 10 minutes. Drain the potatoes and carrots and put them in a bowl or food processor.nHeat the olive oil in a large saute pan, add the onions and cook until tender, about 7 minutes. Add the scallions, garlic and chiles and cook 3 minutes longer.nMix the Sauteed ingredients with the potatoes and carrots. Add the butter and sour cream. Blend well until the hot potato mixture is creamy but firm. Use milk, halfandhalf, or mocha mix to reach a thick and creamy consistency. Season to taste with salt and pepper. For spicier potatoes add serrano chiles, ingredients: [12 medium potatoes, peeled, cut into large chunks, 4 carrots, peeled, cut into large chunks, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 cups yellow onion, chopped, 1 cup scallions, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 can green chile strips, chopped, 12 cup butter, 12 cup sour cream, Salt and pepper, Milk, halfandhalf, or mocha mix, as needed, Optional: serrano chiles, finely chopped, to taste], title: Hot Potato Blintzes, picturelink: null}, 19861: {instructions: 1. Heat a large skillet coated with cooking spray over mediumhigh heat. Cook turkey and onion for 5 minutes or until onion is soft, stirring frequently.n2. Stir in tomatoes and its juices, corn, beans, tomato sauce and chili powder. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer 1215 minutes or until slightly thickened.n3. Serve with lime wedges and top with sour cream and cilantro, if desired. Salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [12 ounces ground turkey, 12 cup diced onion, Cooking spray, 1 can 14.5 oz. Del Monteu00ae Diced TomatoesNo Salt Added, 1 can 15.25 oz. Del Monteu00ae Whole Kernel CornNo Salt Added, drained, 1 can 15 oz. lowsodium kidney beans, drained, 1 can 8 oz. Del Monteu00ae Tomato SauceNo Salt Added, 1 Tbsp. chili powder, Optional limes, Optional light sour cream, Optional cilantro, Optional salt and pepper to taste], title: Southwestern Turkey Chili, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 19862: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a shallow bowl, mix together all ingredients. Add the pork loin and let marinate overnight. Transfer the pork to a hot heavybottomed skillet and saute until browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer the pan to oven and finish cooking for 4 minutes. Serve with vinegar based cole slaw or honey mustard and crusty rolls., ingredients: [14 cup whisky, 1 tablespoon rock salt, 2 tablespoons mustard, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 4 cup honey, 1 2pound porkloin, cut into 1 12inch thick pieces and 4 inches long], title: Pan Roasted Pork Loin with BourbonPaprika and Mustard Brine, picturelink: null}, 19863: {instructions: Pour buttermilk into a bowl.nIn a separate bowl, mix flour, salt, and garlic powder. Dip each fish portion into buttermilk then roll in flour until evenly covered, set aside on plate.nHeat deepfat fryer to 360 degrees F and cook fish for 68 minutes, or until golden brown and done. To check for doneness, cut into one portion and check to see if fish is flaky and looks milky white. Serve with french fries, coleslaw, and garlic bread., ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 1 cup flour, 12 teaspoon seasoned salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 pounds cod or halibut, cut into 2 ounce portions, Serving suggestions: french fries, coleslaw, and garlic bread], title: Tobys Fish and Chips, picturelink: null}, 19864: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Top Recipes for Winter Entertaining, picturelink: null}, 19865: {instructions: Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water according to package directions, or until al dente. Drain the pasta in a colander.nHeat the lemon oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the raisins, ginger, zest, garlic, salt, and pepper flakes and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Gradually add the greens, and as the leaves begin to wilt, add more to fit in the pan, turning constantly with tongs cook until the greens are wilted and bright green, about 5 minutes. Add the vinegar and cook, stirring, for 1 minute.nReturn the pasta to the cooking pot, add the vegetable mixture, and toss to combine well. Serve hot.nPlace the oil and the zest in a glass jar. Let stand at room temperature for at least 2 weeks, shaking occasionally.nPour the oil through a strainer and discard the zest. Transfer to a jar and store, tightly covered, at in refrigerator., ingredients: [One 16ounce package whole wheat spaghetti, 13 cup Lemon Olive Oil, recipe follows, or olive oil, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 12 tablespoons julienned strips peeled, fresh ginger from a 1inch piece ginger, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon crushed hot red pepper flakes, 2 pounds baby bok choy or 2 bunches broccoli rabe, cut crosswise into 1inch squares, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, olive oil, grapeseed oil, or other vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest], title: Whole Wheat Spaghetti with Greens, Lemon, and Ginger, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 19866: {instructions: Make the brine: Remove 3 wide strips zest from the orange with a vegetable peeler. Squeeze 3 tablespoons orange juice and set aside. Combine 2 strips of the zest, 4 cups water, 13 cup salt, 12 cup brown sugar, the star anise, pickling spice and ginger slices in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring frequently, until the salt and sugar dissolve. Remove from the heat and add 4 cups cold water let cool to room temperature.nPut the ribs meatside down on a cutting board. Insert a paring knife between the membrane and the bones on one end, then loosen the membrane with your fingers and gently pull it off. Put the ribs in a roasting pan and pour the brine on top. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: Heat the vegetable oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and grated ginger cook 1 minute. Add the sherry, bring to a boil and cook until slightly reduced, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the remaining 14 cup brown sugar, the 3 tablespoons orange juice, the remaining 1 strip orange zest, the chicken broth, vinegar and soy sauce and simmer until reduced to about 1 cup, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool. Set aside 14 cup sauce for serving use the rest for brushing. The sauce can be made up to 1 day in advance.nPrepare a grill for indirect heat: For gas, preheat to medium high, then turn off half of the burners and turn the other burners to medium low. For charcoal, once the coals ash over, push them to one side.nRemove the ribs from the brine and pat dry. Mix 1 12 teaspoons black pepper and the cayenne in a bowl and rub on the ribs. Put boneside down on the cooler part of the grill cover and cook 1 hour. Brush with 12 cup of the sauce cover and cook 1 more hour, brushing with more sauce during the last 10 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and slice into ribs. Serve with the reserved sauce.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 orange, Kosher salt, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 piece star anise, 1 teaspoon pickling spice, 2 slices ginger, plus 1 teaspoon grated peeled ginger, 3 1pound racks baby back pork ribs, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 clove garlic, grated, 14 cup dry sherry, 13 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 13 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: AsianSpiced Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 19867: {instructions: Special equipment: Chinese steamer basket and metal cooling rack.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the star anise, clove, and black pepper. Dust each piece of bacon with the spices.nHeat a large, ovensafe saute pan over low heat until hot. Add the seasoned bacon and cook for 10 minutes. Transfer the pan to the preheated oven and cook for another 10 minutes.nPlace a large saute pan on the stovetop. Add the coriander to the pan and then place the metal cooling rack on top of the pan. Scatter the mushrooms in the steamer basket and place the basket on top of the cooling rack. Cover the saute pan, cooling rack, and steamer basket with aluminum foil. Turn the burner on low heat and allow the mushrooms to smoke for 10 minutes. Carefully remove the steamer basket and metal rack from the pan. Dump out the coriander. Place the pan over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon butter and the smoked mushrooms. Saute the mushrooms until crispy, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add salt, and pepper, to taste.nRemove the mushrooms from the pan, and in the same pan add 1 stick butter. Melt the butter over medium heat until the foam subsides and butter just begins to turn brown. Stir in the thyme and cook, stirring, until the butter is golden brown. Season with salt and pepper.nRemove the bacon steaks from the oven. Pour the browned butter over the steaks and serve each with mushrooms on the side., ingredients: [2 teaspoons ground star anise, 1 teaspoon ground clove, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 pieces slab bacon about 4ounces each, 1 cup coriander seeds, 2 cups oyster mushrooms, 1 stick 4 ounces plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, minced], title: Bacon Steak with Coriander, Smoked Oyster Mushrooms and Thyme Brown Butter, picturelink: VQBMhGELszf6BJOidRuX9MsG2uHxW4G}, 19868: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch baking pan.nIn a large bowl, combine the Cheddar, butter cubes, sugar, ground mustard and 12 teaspoon salt.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the macaroni and cook until al dente, a minute or so less than the recommended cooking time on the package. Drain well. While still hot, dump the macaroni into the Cheddarbutter mixture and toss to mix well.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan, bring the milk to a bare simmer over medium heat. In a medium bowl, whisk the egg briefly to break it up. Temper the egg by drizzling 12 cup of the warm milk in while whisking until incorporated. This will prevent the egg from scrambling. Mix the tempered egg and the remaining warm milk into the macaroni and stir well until everything is evenly coated.nPour the contents of the bowl into the prepared baking pan, spreading the macaroni and sauce evenly.nIn a medium bowl, toss together the pancetta, Parmesan, panko and parsley, and sprinkle over the top of the macaroni. This will create a yummy crust.nBake until golden brown and bubbling on top, and the pancetta is crispy, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, cubed, at room temperature, plus more for the pan, 3 cups shredded aged or extrasharp Cheddar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon ground mustard, Kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 2 12 cups whole milk, 1 large egg, 4 ounces pancetta, finely diced about 1 cup, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Mac and Cheese, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 19869: {instructions: Combine mustard and vinegar in the bottom of a bowl. Stream in extravirgin olive oil, whisking dressing as oil is added. Add greens to the bowl. Toss and turn greens with tongs to evenly coat them with dressing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 rounded teaspoon grainy mustard, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 to 8 ounces mixed baby greens, 1 sack, Salt and pepper], title: Baby Greens with Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 19870: {instructions: Heat the oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add coriander, red pepper, mustard, turmeric, ginger, garlic, green chilies, kari leaves, and scallions, in this order. Saute stirring for 3 minutes or until the scallions are wilted. Add the shrimp and stirfry until they lose the pink color. Stir in the coconut milk and cook until the sauce is heated through. Turn off heat. Season with lemon juice, salt and pepper, and serve. Serve garnished with the herb., ingredients: [2 tablespoons of light vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon or more of ground red pepper, 14 teaspoon of ground mustard, 14 teaspoon of turmeric, 2 tablespoons of julienned fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon thinly sliced garlic, 1 tablespoon or more of julienned green chilies, 12 fresh or dried kari leaves or 2 bay leaves, 1 cup shredded scallions, both the white and green part into 2inch pieces, 1 pound of large shrimps, peeled and deveined, 12 cup rich coconut milk or cream, Juice of 12 lime, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, Kari or cilantro sprig for garnish], title: Malabar Shrimp in Coconut Sauce Meen Molee, picturelink: null}, 19871: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the ground beef, veal, onion, tarragon, herbes de Provence, salt and pepper into a large mixing bowl. Lightly beat the eggs and pour over the meat. Mix well using your hands its the best way to make meatballs. Add 1 12 cups of the bread crumbs and mix well. Set aside.nForm the meat mixture into 12 balls. Make a hole in the center of each ball with your thumb and fill the hole with 1 teaspoon of the lingonberries. Push the meat back over the fruit, making sure to seal the hole well. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. The meatballs can be made to this point 1 day in advance.nPour 3 inches of vegetable oil into a large deep sided skillet and place over medium heat for 7 to 10 minutes. Test the oil by dropping a bread cube into it. If the cube browns quickly, the oil is ready. Remove the meatballs from the refrigerator and roll them in the remaining bread crumbs. Carefully place them into the skillet 4 at a time. Keep a close watch on them, making sure to turn them so they get golden brown on all sides. Remove with a slotted spoon and place on a sheet of paper towels. Repeat with the remaining meatballs.nPut the meatballs on a baking sheet and place in the oven for 20 minutes. Remove and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 1 pound ground veal, 12 cup minced yellow onion, 3 sprigs fresh tarragon, leaves stripped and coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence, 3 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons white pepper, 5 eggs, 3 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, 4 tablespoons lingonberries, Vegetable oil], title: Lingonberry Stuffed Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 19872: {instructions: For the batter: Combine dry ingredients in a bowl, add the water, and mix with a spoon until smooth and creamy. Set aside.nFor the potato fritters: Roast the mustard seeds in a dry pan until they turn gray, become aromatic, and begin to pop. This will happen quickly. Lower the heat, add the cumin seeds, and roast until brown, being careful not to burn them, about 2 minutes. Add the clarified butter and crushed neem leaves, and cook until lightly brown. Add the onions and cook 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and turmeric, remove from heat, and stir in the cilantro, serrano chile, salt, and pepper.nMeanwhile, cook the potatoes in salted water until soft. Drain and cool. Coarsely grate the potatoes and mix gently with the onion and spice mixture. Adjust seasoning.nTo form the fritters, press some mixture tightly between your palms into half dollar rounds. They can be held in the refrigerator a few hours.nTo cook: Heat the oil in a large saucepan to 350 degrees F. Dip the potato fritter rounds into the batter and drop them into the hot oil. Fry until golden brown on all sides, about 2 minutes total. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Serve immediately with Mint and Cilantro Chutney and Yogurt Sauce for dipping. Fritters can be made early in the day and reheated.nMix the ingredients in a bowl. Turn out onto a board and chop until a paste is formed.nHave ingredients measured and nearby before beginning. Heat the oil in a small skillet over high heat. Add the mustard seeds. They will begin popping immediately so have a cover close at hand for escaping seeds. Cook until popping stops.nLower the heat, add the cumin seeds, and cook until they turn golden, about 1 minute. Stir in the garlic for 10 seconds, then the ginger for 10 seconds more, and remove from the heat. Stir in the turmeric, paprika, pepper flakes, and salt. Mix the spices and yogurt together in a bowl. Chill before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons black mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons clarified butter ghee, 2 tablespoons crushed, dried neem curry leaves, 1 onion, diced, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves roughly chopped, 1 serrano chile, seeded, stemmed, and very finely diced, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, 2 cups vegetable oil, for frying, Mint and Cilantro Chutney, to serve, recipe follows, Yogurt Sauce, to serve, recipe follows, 3 bunches cilantro, stems trimmed and finely chopped, 1 small bunch fresh mint, leaves only, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 1 to 2 serrano chiles, with seeds, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 small lemon, juiced, 12 tablespoon peanut oil, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 teaspoons black or yellow mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon paprika, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pint plain yogurt], title: Spicy Potato Fritters Bujia, picturelink: null}, 19873: {instructions: Defrost the rice cakes slowly in the refrigerator then soak in water for about 4 hours.nRemove and discard the core and outer leaves of the cabbage and trim the leaves of the tough membranes. Blanch the cabbage in boiling, salted water for 1 minute until wilted, then shock in ice water. Roughly chop the cabbage and transfer to a food processor. Pulse until well chopped. Squeeze out excess water and transfer to a large bowl. Blanch the soy bean sprouts in the same boiling, salted water for 1 minute and shock in ice water. Transfer to a food processor and pulse until well chopped. Squeeze out the excess water and add to the cabbage. Stir in the chopped tofu. Transfer the mixture to a cheesecloth lined sieve, place a weighted plate on top of the mixture, and let stand over a bowl in the refrigerator for 2 hours to remove excess water.nTransfer the vegetable mixture to a large bowl and add the scallions, garlic, ground meat, salt, and sesame oil. Mix well.nTo assemble the wontons, place a teaspoon of the filling in the center of a gyoza wrapper. Brush the edges with water and pinch the edges to seal. Repeat with the remaining filling and wrappers.nTo make the broth, combine the flank steak and the water in a pot and let simmer for 1 hour. Remove the meat. When cool enough to handle, slice the beef thinly against the grain. Add the salt, soy sauce, and wonton soup base, to the broth. Drain the rice cakes, add them to the broth, and let simmer for 5 minutes. Add the wontons and sliced beef and let simmer for about 10 minutes more.nGarnish with the scallions, egg and nori., ingredients: [3 cups sliced, frozen rice cakes, 14 cabbage about 12 pound, 12 pound mung bean sprouts, 1 cup firm tofu, chopped, 3 scallions, green tops removed, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 pound ground lean sirloin, 13 pound ground pork tenderloin, 12 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 package gyoza wrappers, Black pepper, 34 pound flank steak, 3 quarts water, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 envelope wonton soup base, 1 scallion sliced thinly on the diagonal, 1 beaten egg, cooked in one layer and julienned, 1 sheet nori seaweed cut into 2inch long julienne], title: Rice Cake Soup with Wontons Duk Kook, picturelink: null}, 19874: {instructions: Combine the rose, pomegranate juice, lemon juice, sugar, Grand Marnier, Cognac, 1 cup of water, and 1 cup of ice in a large glass pitcher. Stir in the raspberries, strawberries, and plums, cover, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours but preferably overnight.nWhen ready to serve, fill wine goblets or highball glasses halfway with ice. Pour the sangria over the ice, spooning some of the macerated fruit into each glass. Serve ice cold., ingredients: [1 750 ml bottle good rose wine, 12 cup Pom Wonderful pomegranate juice, 13 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 3 lemons, 14 cup superfine sugar, 3 tablespoons Grand Marnier, 1 tablespoon Cognac or brandy, Water and ice, plus extra ice for serving, 12 cup fresh raspberries, 8 large fresh strawberries, hulled and quartered, 2 red plums, pitted and sliced 14 inch thick], title: Rose Sangria, picturelink: W7QBUTy.6D.9lhGnZqaqwZL1oq7TLae}, 19875: {instructions: Lady Baltimore Frosting:n1 12 cups sugarn12 teaspoon light corn syrupn23 cup watern2 large egg whitesn1 teaspoon pure vanilla extractnPinch coarse saltnIn a small saucepan, combine the sugar, corn syrup, and water. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. When the sugar has dissolved, continue to cook without stirring, until it reaches 248 degrees F on a candy thermometer.nBeat the egg whites, vanilla, and the salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment until stiff peaks form. When the sugar mixture has reached 248 degrees F, pour it into the beaten egg whites, while beating constantly on high speed, until the mixture is cool and is the proper consistency for spreading, about 7 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. .nButter and flour 2 9 by 2inch round pans set aside. Into a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt 3 times set aside. .nPrepare cakes: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and the sugar until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with the milk and water, and beginning and ending with the flour. Beat in vanilla and almond extracts. Set batter aside. .nIn a clean bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. Fold gently into reserved batter until well combined. .nDivide batter between prepared pans. Bake until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Transfer pans to a wire rack to cool for 10 minutes. Remove cakes from pans, and return to the rack to cool, top sides up. .nPrepare filling: Transfer 1 cup frosting to a medium bowl. Add the figs, raisins, and nuts. Stir to combine, and set aside. .nAssemble cake: Place 1 layer on a serving plate spread with filling. Place the second cake layer on top. Spread frosting over the sides and top of the cake., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pans, 3 cups cake flour not selfrising, sifted, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup milk, 12 cup water, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, 3 large egg whites, Lady Baltimore Frosting, recipe follows, 6 dried figs, finely chopped, 12 cup raisins, chopped, 12 cup pecans or walnuts, chopped], title: Lady Baltimore Cake, picturelink: null}, 19876: {instructions: For the mozzarella: Break apart the cheese curd into small pieces and put them into a large bowl. Cover the curds with hot water from the tap to take chill out of the curd. Drain the water. Add the salt and mix with hands. Add boiling water to cover the curds and begin to work it into a silky texture until all the clumps are out. When curd is turned into one smooth piece, begin to shape into balls, each about the size of a baseball. Then immediately put the cheese into a bowl of cold water. Allow the cheese to cool in the water for 10 minutes before cutting.nFor the house seasoning: Mix together the salt, garlic powder and pepper. Set aside.nFor the potato chips: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line two large baking sheets with parchment paper.nCut the potatoes in 14inchthick slices and place onto the baking sheets about 12inch apart from each other. Drizzle with the olive oil and add the salt and pepper. Place in the oven and bake until lightly browned and crisp, about 15 minutes.nFor the chicken fingers: Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Coat a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a small bowl, combine the breadcrumbs with 1 12 teaspoons of the house seasoning. In a separate bowl combine the buttermilk, hot sauce and 1 12 teaspoons house seasoning. Reserve the rest of the seasoning for another use. Dredge the chicken strips in the buttermilk mixture and then the breadcrumbs. Place the coated chicken on the baking sheet. Bake until slightly browned, turning once halfway through, 40 to 45 minutes.nTo assemble the wraps, heat up the marinara sauce. Top each tortilla with a spoonful of marinara sauce, 1 ounce of mozzarellas slices, 4 basil leaves, potato chips and 2 to 3 chicken fingers. Wrap the tortillas and serve with a handful of potato chips on the side., ingredients: [3 pounds cheese curd, 2 tablespoons salt, Boiling water, 1 cup kosher salt, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup ground black pepper, 2 medium white potatoes, peeled, washed and dried about 1 12 pounds, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 1 cup lowfat buttermilk, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 14 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into 3inch strips, 1 cup jarred marinara sauce, Four 8inch whole wheat tortillas, 16 fresh basil leaves], title: Skinny Darrell Wraps, picturelink: null}, 19877: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 6cup muffin pan with paper liners. Whisk the cocoa powder with 13 cup hot water in a bowl. Whisk in the chocolate syrup until smooth let cool slightly. In a large bowl, whisk the flour, granulated sugar, baking soda, baking powder and salt.nWhisk the vegetable oil, egg, milk and vanilla into the cocoa mixture until smooth, then fold into the flour mixture until just combined. Divide among the muffin cups. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes in the pan, then remove to a rack to cool completely.nMake the frosting: Put the chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl microwave on 70 percent power in 30second intervals, stirring, until melted. Let cool slightly. Beat the butter, vanilla and confectioners sugar with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy. Add 3 tablespoons milk beat until smooth, 3 minutes. Remove half of the frosting to a separate bowl add the cocoa powder, melted chocolate and a pinch of salt and beat until fluffy, 2 minutes. Mix the remaining 1 tablespoon milk and the malted milk powder in a cup, then add to the plain frosting add a pinch of salt and beat until fluffy, about 2 minutes. If the frosting is too soft, cover and chill until it is firm enough to pipe.nFrost the cupcakes see below and top with pretzel rods.nHow to swirl the frosting:nPut the 2 frostings in separate pastry bags or ziptop bags. Snip off the tips. Position side by side in another pastry bag fitted with a large star tip.nPipe the frosting onto the cupcakes in a spiral motion to create a swirl.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 cup chocolate syrup, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 ounce milk chocolate, chopped, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 pinches of salt, 2 tablespoons malted milk powder, Small pretzel rods, for topping], title: Chocolate Egg Cream Cupcakes, picturelink: cs2ukRJH4c6ixTnwpmOCX9VdBR5oA6u}, 19878: {instructions: Make the sauce: Pour 14 cup boiling water over the brown sugar in a bowl and stir to dissolve. Add the lime juice, fish sauce, rice vinegar and Sriracha and stir to combine. Add the cooked turkey to the sauce and let it absorb the flavors while prepping the rest of the dish.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the linguine and cook 1 minute less than the label directs. Drain and set aside.nHeat the vegetable oil in a wok or large sautu00e9 pan over high heat until very hot, almost smoking. Add the onion and stirfry 1 minute. Add the garlic and stir, then add the eggs and cook for 30 seconds, stirring. Add the linguine and turkey with the sauce and cook, stirring, for a few minutes. Remove from the heat and toss in the grated carrot, peanuts, cilantro, bean sprouts and scallions. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 cup brown sugar, Juice of 1 lime, plus wedges for serving, 14 cup fish sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, 112 cups shredded or cubed cooked turkey about 9 ounces, Salt, 8 ounces linguine, broken in half, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 onion, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 3 large eggs, slightly beaten, 1 large carrot, grated, 12 cup chopped peanuts, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 cups bean sprouts, 3 scallions, cut into 34inch pieces about 14 cup], title: Turkey Pad Thai, picturelink: WEhwbYleB9YI4vQbjrAAb2CzInXGgj2}, 19879: {instructions: Blue corn tortillas, as an accompanimentnCombine all ingredients in a bowl except tortillas. Heat tortillas in 350 degrees F oven for 5 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups canned blackeyed peas, 1 medium red onion, chopped, 1 serrano chopped, seeds and veins removed, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 3 Roma tomatoes, chopped, Pinch cayenne], title: Cowboy Caviar with Warm Blue Tortillas, picturelink: null}, 19880: {instructions: Deseed the chiles, and place in a bowl. Reconstitute them by pouring on 3 cups boiling water and allowing them to soak about 5 minutes. Drain the chiles and reserve 1cup of the liquid.nProcess the chiles with the reserved water in a blender or food processor until fine. Strain and transfer pulp into a mixing bowl. Add the honey, chile powder, and cumin and mix well. Refrigerate for 1 hour to blend flavors.nThis glaze is excellent on grilled fish, roasted or grilled chicken, or roast pork., ingredients: [12 dried New Mexico red chile pods, 3 cups boiling water, 2 cups honey, 2 tablespoons red chile powder, 2 tablespoons cumin], title: Red Chile Glaze, picturelink: null}, 19881: {instructions: Place the eggs in a single layer in a medium saucepan, cover with water and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil the eggs for 1 minute and then remove the saucepan from the heat and let the eggs stand for 15 minutes. Drain and rinse the eggs under cold water until they are cool enough to handle. Peel and place the peeled eggs in a large bowl.nMash the eggs to a coarse consistency using a fork or a potato masher. Add the mayonnaise, scallions, chives, truffle oil, 14 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper and mix thoroughly to combine. Adjust the seasonings to taste.nCut the crusts from the bread and set aside for another purpose.nUsing 2 slices of the bread, make a sandwich, taking care to spread the egg salad in an even layer and all the way to the edges of the bread. With a large serrated knife, cut the sandwich diagonally in both directions to create 4 equal triangles. Repeat with the remaining bread and salad to make 16 tea sandwiches.nPlace the eggs in a single layer in a medium saucepan, cover with water and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil the eggs for 1 minute and then remove the saucepan from the heat and let the eggs stand for 15 minutes. Drain and rinse the eggs under cold water until they are cool enough to handle. Peel and place the peeled eggs in a large bowl.nMash the eggs to a coarse consistency using a fork or a potato masher. Add the mayonnaise, scallions, chives, truffle oil, 14 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper and mix thoroughly to combine. Adjust the seasonings to taste.nCut the crusts from the bread and set aside for another purpose.nUsing 2 slices of the bread, make a sandwich, taking care to spread the egg salad in an even layer and all the way to the edges of the bread. With a large serrated knife, cut the sandwich diagonally in both directions to create 4 equal triangles. Repeat with the remaining bread and salad to make 16 tea sandwiches., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 14 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons chopped scallions, white and green parts about 2 scallions, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 1 teaspoon highquality white truffle oil, such as Sabatino or Urbani, Kosher salt, Ground white pepper, 8 slices square, firm white bread, 8 large eggs, 14 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons chopped scallions, white and green parts about 2 scallions, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 1 teaspoon highquality white truffle oil, such as Sabatino or Urbani, Kosher salt, Ground white pepper, 8 slices square, firm white bread], title: Truffled Egg Salad Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: kcj5F3cSj5QeurzA6vyCeV.tkKROyx6}, 19882: {instructions: Preheat the grill.nPlace a large piece of aluminum foil on a flat surface. Place 1 ti leaf on top, followed by the fish. Sprinkle both sides of the fish with salt.nMix together the mayonnaise and pesto in a small bowl until smooth. Smother the mayonnaise mixture all over the fish, getting into all the scores. Combine the sausage, garlic, mushrooms, green onions and yellow onions and stuff the mixture into the fish scores, flipping and stuffing into the other side as well. Top the fish with the second ti leaf, and then another piece of aluminum foil, tightly wrapping it all up to form a pouch.nGrill the fish for 30 to 40 minutes. Carefully unwrap the foil and serve familystyle, garnishing with the reserved green onions., ingredients: [2 ti leaves or banana leaves, 1 whole uhu parrot fish, scored about 5 pounds, Salt, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup prepared pesto, 4 lap xiong or Chinese sausage, diced, 2 cloves garlic, crushed and minced, 2 large Hamakua mushrooms, diced, 1 bunch green onions, sliced into 2inch pieces, 14 cup reserved for garnish, 12 yellow onion, diced], title: Whole Grilled Parrot Fish, picturelink: null}, 19883: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the almonds into a large skillet over medium heat. Gently toast the nuts, being careful not to let them burn, for about 3 minutes. Add 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 chopped garlic clove, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook for another 3 minutes and transfer to a plate to cool. Crush the almonds roughly and put them into a bowl along with the feta cheese, olives, and 13 of the basil leaves. Mix well to combine all the ingredients.nPut 3 tablespoons olive oil and the remaining 12 teaspoon chili flakes into the skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, remaining garlic, and 13 of the basil leaves and cook until the onions start to soften, about 5 minutes. Put in the eggplant and cook until it is soft, about 10 minutes, adding more olive oil if necessary. Add the zucchini, fresh tomatoes, and capers season with salt and pepper. Continue cooking until these vegetables are soft but still whole. Add the canned tomatoes, vinegar, and remaining basil leaves. Continue to cook for another 15 minutes remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nTo serve, put the ratatouille into a bowl or platter and top with the feta, olive, and almond mixture., ingredients: [1 cup whole almonds, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more as needed, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound feta cheese, crumbled, 1 cup pitted green olives, 1 bunch fresh basil, leaves handtorn, 1 medium onion, chopped, 5 medium Japanese eggplant, chopped, 3 medium zucchini, chopped, 3 tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 1 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, drained and hand crushed, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar], title: Ratatouille with Feta, Green Olives, and Almonds, picturelink: NCYDhr.rqu0PvAmPuqofgrceQLR9hlK}, 19884: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 8inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnIn a small bowl stir together coconut milk, soy sauce, curry powder, and ground coriander until combined well. Stir in cornstarch, mixing thoroughly.nCut chicken lengthwise into 10 12inchthick strips and add to cornstarch mixture, stirring to coat. Marinate chicken, covered and chilled, at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours, refrigerated.nPrepare grill. Thread 1 piece chicken onto each skewer and grill on a oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side. Serve with Spicy Sichuan Peanut Sauce.nIn a blender or food processor blend all ingredients with salt, to taste, until smooth. If not using immediately, transfer sauce to a jar with a tightfitting lid. Peanut sauce keeps, covered and chilled, 1 week.nYield: 2 12 cups, ingredients: [1 cup wellstirred canned unsweetened coconut milk, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 34 teaspoon ground coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 whole skinless boneless chicken breast about 34 pound, Spicy Szechuan Peanut Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup peanut butter, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup Asian sesame oil, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar not seasoned, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons grated peeled fresh ginger root, 1 12 teaspoons Asian chili paste or 1 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, or to taste, 1 12 to 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 34 cup water], title: Chicken Sates with Spicy Szechuan Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19885: {instructions: Heat butter in a saucepan. Add leeks and Granny Smith apple, cover and simmer until tender, for about 5 minutes. Add the Calvados and reduce until almost evaporated. Stir in the cider vinegar, broth, apple cider and bring to a simmer.nAdd the chicken and egg noodles to the broth, cover and cook until the chicken is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Skim off any fat which is floating to the surface, stir in the heavy cream, optional Gruyere and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Garnish with chives., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 leek, including 1inch of green, cleaned and finely diced, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and finely diced, 2 tablespoons Calvados, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 cup authentic apple cider, 12 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breast, 2 cups fine egg noodles dry, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup grated Gruyere optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Snipped chives, for garnish], title: French Creamed Chicken and Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 19886: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll out dough on a lightly floured surface to form a 15 by 7inch rectangle. In a small bowl, combine brown sugar and cinnamon. Set aside. Spread 23 cup softened butter over dough and then evenly sprinkle with cinnamonsugar mixture. Starting at the long edge, roll up dough as for a jelly roll. Cut roll into 16 slices and then set aside in a warm place and allow dough to rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nDivide rolls among 2 lightly buttered round baking pans. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden on top. While the rolls are baking, combine the icing ingredients with an electric mixer until fluffy. Frost the warm rolls with the icing. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 loaf frozen white bread dough, thawed in refrigerator, Flour, for dusting surface, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 23 stick butter, softened, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, 13 cup cream cheese, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: 4UyiBDoQI8TM0swnIvmpZn7uSOXVgi}, 19887: {instructions: In a large bowl toss together black beans, corn, chicken, cilantro, and red pepper. Set aside. In a small bowl stir together yogurt and chipotle mayonnaise and stir sauce into chicken mixture until well combined. Chill, covered, 1 hour for flavors to develop. Serve in avocado halves.nMince chipotle chile to a paste with 12 teaspoon of adobo sauce. In a bowl stir all ingredients together until combined well. Sauce may be made 1 week ahead and chilled, covered., ingredients: [1 pound or 1 15 12 ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup cooked corn cut from about 2 ears, 2 pounds grilled chicken breasts, cubed, 14 cup minced cilantro sprigs, washed well and spun dry, 14 cup minced bottled roasted red pepper or pimento, 12 cup plain yogurt, 12 cup chipotle mayonnaise, recipe follows, 3 avocados, halved and pitted, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, 12 teaspoon adobo sauce, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, or to taste, 1 cup mayonnaise], title: Chicken, Black Bean, and Corn Salad with Chipotle Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 19888: {instructions: Bring 1 cup each apple juice, pomegranate juice and water, and 14 cup sugar to a boil, then simmer, reducing to 34 cup, about 1 hour. Let cool. Stir about 3 tablespoons syrup into a glass and add about 8 ounces of seltzer, stirring until combined.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [], title: ApplePomegranate Soda, picturelink: rHme2yXxYd1WdnqM6WPlXfE.k7rom}, 19889: {instructions: In a large frying pan, heat the oil over high heat. Add the salmon in 2 batches, and cook each batch until the fillets are lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Turn them over and cook their second sides for 1 minute, then remove them from the pan.nReduce the heat to medium, and add a little extra oil to the pan, if needed. Add the onion and garlic and cook for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the soy sauce, sugar and fish sauce. Return the salmon to the pan and continue cooking until the sauce is rich, dark and syrupy, about 1 minute. Season the dish liberally with black pepper, and stir in the lime juice. Serve the salmon alongside some steamed rice, and drizzle the dish with the sauce, and garnish with lime wedges., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more as needed for frying, 1 34 pounds salmon fillets, skinon, diced into large cubes, 1 red onion, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 3 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 12 cup light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Lime wedges, for garnish, Serving suggestion: steamed white rice], title: Caramel Salmon, picturelink: null}, 19890: {instructions: For the calamari: In a large heavybottomed skillet, heat the canola oil over mediumhigh heat to 360 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, stir together the cornstarch and flour with a generous amount of salt and pepper. Toss the squid in the cornstarch, being sure to completely coat.nWorking in batches, lift the squid from the cornstarch, shaking to remove any excess, and carefully place in the oil. Fry until lightly golden and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the oil and drain on a baking sheet lined with a brown paper bag. Repeat with the remaining squid.nFor the dipping sauce: Combine the soy sauce, chili sauce, lime juice, garlic, scallions and ginger in a small bowl. Stir together and serve with the calamari., ingredients: [2 cups canola oil, 34 cup cornstarch, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds calamari, cleaned, tubes cut into 14inchthick rings, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sweet chili sauce, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 scallions, sliced, 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated], title: Salt and Pepper Calamari, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 19891: {instructions: Prep all vegetables before you begin cooking.nHeat a wok or saute pan over high heat and add the oil. When the oil begins to smoke, add the garlic and grated ginger, and stirfry for a few seconds. Add the carrots, snow peas and bok choy stalks. Stirfry for a minute.nAdd a splash of water to create steam to help cook the vegetables. Add the blanched broccoli florets, bok choy leaves and the julienned red bell pepper. Stir fry for another minute.nAdd in the noodles and toss to combine. Add the soy sauce, rice vinegar, chili oil and toasted sesame oil. Season with ground white pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 ounces mixed vegetables julienned carrots, snow peas, baby bok choy, stalks sliced and leaves set aside, blanched broccoli florets and julienned red bell pepper, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon peeled and grated fresh ginger, 8 ounces cooked egg noodles, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon chili oil, Splash toasted sesame oil, Ground white pepper], title: Vegetable Chow Mein, picturelink: null}, 19892: {instructions: Put the anchovies into a bowl of water and soak for 20 minutes. Remove the bones and leave to dry on a paper towel.nMarinate the rabbit in 3 tablespoons olive oil, the wine, lemon juice, 2 crushed cloves garlic, onion, carrot, celery, bay leaves, rosemary and parsley, and salt and pepper. Leave for 6 hours to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nTake the rabbit out of the marinade, pat dry with a cloth or paper towel and toss each piece in seasoned flour.nHeat the remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a good heavy frying pan. When hot throw in the pounded chili and brown the rabbit briskly. Place the rabbit in an iron casserole. Pour the marinade into the hot frying pan, bring rapidly to the boil and transfer to the casserole. Cook in the oven for 45 minutes.nChop up the anchovies, capers and remaining 2 cloves garlic and simmer in 14 pint 12 cup of the rabbit liquid for 10 minutes. Add this to the casserole for a final amalgamation. Check seasoning and garnish with more chopped parsley. Some boiled new potatoes or fresh noodles are a good accompaniment., ingredients: [4 salted anchovies, or 8 anchovy fillets in oil, 4 pounds rabbit pieces, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pint 2 cups dry white wine or 12 pint 1 cup each water and dry vermouth, 12 lemon, juiced, 4 cloves garlic, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 large carrot, thinly sliced, 1 stick of celery, thinly sliced, 2 bay leaves, Fresh rosemary and parsley, Salt, Black pepper, freshly ground, 2 ounces seasoned flour, 1 fresh hot chili, chopped and pounded, 3 ounces capers, Boiled new potatoes, or freshly made egg noodles, for serving], title: Rabbit with Anchovies and Capers, picturelink: null}, 19893: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix together the chocolate wafer cookies and sugar in a large bowl. Pour in the melted butter and mix until well combined. Press the mixture into an 11inch tart pan. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes. Let cool completely.nFor the filling: Combine the cream, milk and freezedried strawberries in a medium pot. Bring to a simmer, remove from the heat and add the white chocolate chips and vanilla. Let stand for a few minutes to let the chocolate melt, then whisk until the chocolate is blended into the cream mixture. Transfer to a blender and blend until the strawberries are pureed and the mixture is smooth. Pour into the prepared crust and refrigerate until set, 3 to 4 hours. Once set, place in the freezer for 30 minutes.nFor the topping: Pour the chocolate shell topping over the filling to completely cover. Arrange the chocolatecovered strawberries in the center of the tart. Line up the sliced strawberries sidebyside and cutside down around the edge of the tart with the pointed ends facing in towards the center of the tart. Slice with a warmed knife and serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups ground chocolate wafer cookies about one 9ounce package, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup milk, One 1.2ounce bag freezedried strawberries, One 12ounce bag white chocolate chips, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 1 cup chocolate shell topping for ice cream, 7 chocolatecovered strawberries drizzled with white chocolate, 16 strawberries, hulled and sliced in half], title: ChocolateCovered Strawberry Tart, picturelink: S55YtBPFQ7mfW9iRQLkDizlAAooX.2}, 19894: {instructions: Combine the garlic, grilled tomatoes, orange zest and juice, cilantro, oil, vinegar, chile powders, chipotle puree and sugar in a food processor and process until smooth. Place the brisket in a large disposable pan, add the marinade and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours.nRemove the brisket from the marinade 1 hour before putting on the smoker.nPrepare the ceramic cooker: Remove the grill grate and ceramic plate from the cooker. Add the hot hardwood charcoal and scatter the soaked wood chips over the top. Adjust the cooker to maintain a temperature of 225 to 250 degrees F. This temperature should be maintained throughout the entire smoke. Put on the ceramic plate. Put a pan with some of the apple juice on the plate, and then put on the grill grate.nSprinkle the brisket on both sides with salt and pepper. Place the brisket, fatside up, on your smoker grate and close it up for the long smoke.nOpen your barbecue smoker every hour or two and spray the brisket liberally with apple juice to help keep the meat from drying out.nOnce the internal temperature reaches 165 to 170 degrees F on a meat thermometer, after about 7 hours at the lower temperature range, the meat starts to get tender. At this point, wrap the brisket in foil this little trick is a big help in getting the meat tender, especially for beginners. Continue to cook until the meat reaches an internal temperature of 190 degrees F, 1 to 2 more hours.nRemove and let rest for 20 minutes before slicing. Remove the foil from the brisket over a large pan or disposable pan and reserve the liquid. Slice or shred the brisket. Toss in the reserved liquid.nTo make the sandwiches: Split the rolls in half, oil the cut sides lightly, season with salt and pepper and grill, cutside down, until lightly toasted. Spread some Horseradish Crema on the bun tops and bottoms. Top the bottoms with some of the meat, then some Caramelized OnionTomato Relish, then some lettuce. Top with the bun top and serve.nWhisk together the crema, queso fresco and horseradish in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and slowly cook until caramelized, about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the tomatoes and cook until they just begin to break down. Add the garlic and jalapeno and cook for 1 minute. Add the vinegar and a pinch of sugar and cook for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the onions to a bowl and add the cilantro. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld., ingredients: [12 cloves garlic, chopped, 6 plum tomatoes, halved and grilled, Zest of 1 orange plus 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup canola oil, plus more for grilling rolls, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 3 tablespoons pasilla chile powder, 2 tablespoons chipotle puree, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, One 6 to 7pound whole brisket, with 14inch layer of fat on top, 4 cups apple juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 to 12 soft white rolls, Mexican bolillos or teleras, Horseradish Crema, recipe follows, Caramelized OnionTomato Relish, recipe follows, 1 head iceberg lettuce, finely shredded, 14 cup prepared horseradish, drained, 2 cups Mexican crema, 12 cup queso fresco, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 large Spanish onions, halved and thinly sliced, 1 pint grape tomatoes, cored, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Sugar, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Adobo Marinated Brisket Tortas with Horseradish Crema and Caramelized OnionTomato Relish, picturelink: o36fLVBa3eVtK3yQdBxb0On6wMjM0ri}, 19895: {instructions: Place racks in oven on the second and fourth levels. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour 2 9inch cake pans. Cut out a 9inch round piece of parchment paper, and place on the bottom of each cake pan and grease and flour. Cream butter, sugar and eggs in a heavy duty mixer. Combine cocoa and food coloring, and add to the creamed mixture. Mix the salt and vanilla with the buttermilk in a 2 cup liquid measuring cup, and add to the batter alternating with the flour. Mix the vinegar and baking soda in a small bowl this will fizz. Carefully and gently fold this into the batter. DO NOT BEAT Divide batter between the cake pans, and bake for 30 minutes or until the cakes spring back when lightly touched. Remove from oven, and cool on racks for 15 minutes. Invert onto racks, remove parchment paper and cool to room temperaturenBeat cream cheese and butter together in a heavy duty mixer until smooth and creamy. Slowly add the sugar 12 cup at a time, blending between each addition. Mix in the vanilla. Beat for about 5 minutes until very smooth. Spread between layers of cake and on top and sides. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons cocoa, 2 ounces red food coloring, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 12 cups sifted cake flour, 1 12 teaspoons white vinegar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Cream cheese filling and frosting, recipe follows, 16 ounces cream cheese at room temperature, 12 cup unsalted butter at room temperature, 2 pounds 10x powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Red Velvet Cake, picturelink: null}, 19896: {instructions: Trim the very ends of the eggplant and cut it crosswise into 1inchthick slices. Put the slices in a single layer in a large platter or lasagnatype dish. Sprinkle the salt over both sides, rubbing it in well. Set aside for 1 hour. Meanwhile, make the tomato sauce. Put the oil a large, nonstick frying pan set over mediumhigh heat. When hot, add onion. Stirfry for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the onion pieces begin to brown at the edges. Put in the garlic. Stir for a few seconds. Then put in the tomatoes and their liquid as well as all the remaining ingredients for the tomato sauce. Stir to mix. Cover, turn the heat to low, and cook gently for 10 minutes. Set aside in a warm place. Yogurt sauce: Put the yogurt in a small bowl and beat lightly with a fork. Just before you eat, put oil to a depth of 2 to 3 inches for deepfrying in a wok or deepfryer and set over medium heat. Take the eggplant slices from the platter and dry them off well with paper towels. When the oil is hot, drop in as many slices as the utensil will hold easily and fry, turning now and then, for 6 to 7 minutes, or until both sides are a medium brown color. Drain well on paper towels. To serve, arrange the eggplant slices in a single layer on a large platter. Top each slice with a dollop of the tomato sauce and then with a tablespoon of the yogurt. Garnish with the mint sprigs or leaves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 14 pounds eggplant, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 14 cup peanut or canola oil, 1 medium onion, very finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and very finely chopped, 8 canned plum tomatoes, finely chopped, plus 14 cup of the can liquid, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 12 cup plain yogurt, Peanut or canola oil, for deepfrying, Mint sprigs or leaves,for garnishing], title: Eggplant with Minty Sauce and Yogurt, picturelink: null}, 19897: {instructions: For the chicken: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stuff the chicken with the herbs and truss it. Season all over with salt and pepper. Set the chicken in a roasting pan on its left leg, and set the butter on top.nBake 15 minutes. Turn the bird onto its right leg for 15 minutes. Turn on its back for 15 minutes. Finally, set it upright and continue cooking until done, about 12 an hour more or until the juices run clear. Remember to baste the bird constantly as it roasts. It is done when the juices at the leg run clear.nFor the vegetables: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the vegetables with the olive oil and salt and pepper. Spread over a baking sheet. Cut the butter into little pieces over top and tuck in the bay leaves and rosemary. Bake until tender and even slightly caramelized, about 1 hour, tossing occasionally.nFor the plate: Combine some chicken and vegetables on a plate, enjoy, ingredients: [1 chicken, about 3 pounds1.2 kg, Sprig fresh rosemary, Sprig fresh thyme, Few sprigs fresh tarragon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup60 g butter, 6 small potatoes, peeled and cut into grins, 4 carrots, cut in half, then halved lengthwise, 3 leeks, washed, trimmed and cut into logs, 2 handfuls cherry tomatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Coarse sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 bay leaves, Branch fresh rosemary, cut in 3], title: Butter Roasted Chicken with Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 19898: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 package wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnCombine all spices and seasonings in a small bowl. Place lamb cubes in a shallow baking dish or large bowl. Rub spice mixture into lamb with hands. Thread lamb cubes onto skewers, about 3 per skewer.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to high heat. Grill kabobs for 3 minutes per side, or until cooked to desired doneness. Transfer to a serving platter and serve with MintParsley Yogurt Sauce for dipping.nStir together the yogurt, mayonnaise, lemon juice, and garlic in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the chopped fresh herbs and gently stir to combine. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nYield: about 1 14 cups, ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 pounds boneless leg of lamb, cut into 1inch cubes, MintParsley Yogurt Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup plain yogurt 2 percent or whole is best, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 cloves garlic, pressed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parlsey leaves], title: Moroccan Lamb Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 19899: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil over high heat.nMeanwhile, heat oil in a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat. When it shimmers, add the onion and garlic and cook until just softened. Add eggplant, stir to coat in oil, then let cook, stirring rarely, until softened and golden brown, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove half eggplant mixture and reserve.nMeanwhile, add the pasta to the boiling water and cook according to the package instructions.nReduce heat to mediumlow, add the tomatoes, cream, and half the basil, and let simmer, stirring occasionally, until flavors meld and sauce is slightly thickened, about 4 minutes.nDrain pasta and return to the pot off the heat. Pour sauce over top and stir until well coated. Add reserved eggplant, remaining basil, and mozzarella and mix until the cheese starts to soften. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium yellow onion, finely chopped about 12 cup, 4 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced about 1 tablespoon, 2 medium Japanese eggplant, medium dice about 4 cups, 1 15ounce container crushed tomatoes, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup loosely packed thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, 1 pound rigatoni or penne rigate, 8 ounces buffalo mozzarella, small dice], title: Rigatoni with Creamy Eggplant and Mozzarella, picturelink: YL1WBZKpSYSmicp7jwNI1oZV7N8qO6}, 19900: {instructions: Place white chocolate chips and shortening in a medium microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on high for 1 minute stir until chips are melted and mixture is smooth. If necessary, microwave on high for additional 30 second intervals until mixture is smooth. If you prefer, place in double boiler over low heat, stirring until completely melted and smooth.nMeanwhile, pierce 1 end of each cookie with a toothpick. Use the toothpick to dip entire cookie into the white chocolate mixture. Let excess drip back into bowl and lay cookie on wire rack. Before the white chocolate has a chance to cool, decorate the cookie with various candies into a playful snowman.nPlace chocolate sprinkles as eyebrows, blue or green dots for eyes, an orange sprinkle placed vertically for the nose and several red nonpareils for a mouth. Cut a gumdrop in half, slice a sliver from each half lengthwise to form a crescent shaped brim to the hat. Top off the hat with a gumdrop half and reserve the other half for another snowman. You may have to flatten the gumdrop a bit to fit the snowman.nAfter the snowman has completely dried, tie a red string licorice around the neck as a scarf. Using a rolling pin to flatten the licorice will make it easier for the scarf to stay tied and look natural., ingredients: [2 16ounce bags white chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons shortening, 1 16ounce package peanut butter sandwich cookies recommended: Nabisco Nutter Butters, Chocolate sprinkles, Colored sprinkles, Candy buttons dot candy on paper, Red nonpareils, Large sugared gum drop jellies, Red string licorice recommended: Twizzlers PullnPeel], title: Peanut Butter Snowmen, picturelink: null}, 19901: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Drain the pasta and set aside.nMeanwhile, grate the beefsteak tomatoes into a large bowl, discarding any remaining skin. Whisk in the olive oil, garlic and 1 teaspoon salt. Add the heirloom tomatoes, basil and the pasta toss to combine.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces rigatoni pasta, 1 pound beefsteak tomatoes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small clove garlic, grated, 2 medium heirloom tomatoes, chopped, 1 cup torn fresh basil], title: Rigatoni with NoCook Tomato Sauce, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 19902: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Combine the fruit and sugar in a blender. Add the lemon juice to taste use 2 tablespoons for apples or bananas and puree until smooth.nTransfer the pureed fruit to a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, stirring occasionally at first and then more often toward the end, until most of the liquid evaporates and the mixture is very thick, 35 to 45 minutes. Be careful: The mixture may splatter.nLine a 12by17inch rimmed baking sheet with a silicone mat or nonstick foil. Use an offset spatula to spread the fruit on the mat or foil into a thin layer. Bake until barely tacky, 3 hours to 3 hours, 30 minutes.nTransfer the baking sheet to a rack and let the fruit leather cool completely. Peel off of the mat or foil. If the leather is still moist on the underside, return it to the oven, moistside up, until dry, about 20 more minutes. Lay the leather smoothside down on a sheet of wax paper and use kitchen shears to cut it into strips on the paper. Roll up the strips and store in ziptop bags for up to 1 week.nPlum: 5 medium, unpeeled, choppednPeach or nectarine: 5 medium, unpeeled, choppednApple: 3 large Gala or Granny Smith, peeled and choppednStrawberry: 4 cups, hulled and choppednRaspberry: 5 cupsnGrape: 3 12 cups preferably Concord, seeded if necessarynBanana: 5 medium, peelednMango: 2 large, peeled and choppednRaspberryVanilla: 5 cups raspberries plus the seeds from 12 vanilla beannStrawberryBanana: 3 cups strawberries, hulled and chopped, plus 2 medium bananas, peelednAppleGinger: 3 large apples, peeled and chopped, plus 1 12 teaspoons grated gingernSpicy Mango: 2 large mangoes, peeled and chopped, plus 18 teaspoon each salt and cayenne peppernPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 14 pounds chopped fruit see below for suggested flavors, 34 cup sugar, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice], title: Fruit Leather RollUps, picturelink: nkdze2Mlo9URe.nPV8NtOzwMNdUX6Aq}, 19903: {instructions: Combine 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch and teaspoon salt in a medium bowl slowly whisk in 1 cup milk, then whisk in 1 large egg. Meanwhile, bring another 1 cup milk to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Remove from the heat and whisk in the sugar mixture. Return to mediumlow heat and simmer, whisking, until thick and creamy, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in 1 tablespoon each vanilla and unsalted butter until smooth. Add stirins see below. Divide among ramekins. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.nMixIn Ideas:nGingerbread cookie:Stir in 14 cup cookie butter and layer with crumbled gingersnapsnDouble chocolate chip:Stir in 12 cup milk chocolate chips and layer with crumbled chocolate chip cookiesnChocolateMint: Stir in 12 cup mint baking chips and layer with crumbled chocolate sandwich cookiesnCaramel crunch: Stir in 12 cup dulce de leche and layer with broken pretzelsnPumpkin pie: Stir in 12 cup pumpkin puree and layer with crushed graham crackersnChocolate peanut butter: Stir in 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips and layer with crumbled peanut butter cookiesnPhotographs by Jeff Harris, ingredients: [], title: Vanilla Pudding Six Ways, picturelink: 5z0M9xmuLiiJAAE8Uw9Vi8xLbKPrlUm}, 19904: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat the extravirgin olive oil. Add the garlic, celery, carrot, and onion and saute until they are soft. Add the tripe, and cook together on medium heat, for about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes including the juices. Break up the whole plum tomatoes with a fork.nLet the mixture cook together until the sauce has reduced and thickened, about 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add the freshly grated Parmigiano cheese. Stir well and serve warm., ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large celery, chopped, 1 large carrot, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 pounds tripe, cleaned, boiled and cut into strips, 1 10 ounce can peeled plum tomatoes, with juices, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese], title: Trippa Alla Fiorentina: Florentine Tripe, picturelink: null}, 19905: {instructions: Combine the ingredients in a glass or stainlesssteel bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and store at room temperature overnight. Mignonette sauce will keep for months in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 tablespoon crushed black peppercorns, 3 tablespoons finely minced shallots, 23 cup good quality red wine vinegar], title: Mignonette Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19906: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Top Recipes for Winter Entertaining, picturelink: null}, 19907: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAt least 1 hour before you plan to serve the salad, whisk together the olive oil, lemon zest, 14 cup of lemon juice, the shallots, celery seed, celery salt, anchovy paste, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Place the celery in a mixing bowl and toss it with the remaining 1 tablespoon of lemon juice and 12 teaspoon of salt. Even though these ingredients are in the dressing, believe methis step makes a difference. Add enough dressing to moisten well. Cover and refrigerate for at least an hour to allow the celery to crisp and the flavors to develop.nWhen ready to serve, arrange the celery on a platter, shave the Parmesan onto the celery with a vegetable peeler, then sprinkle with walnuts, parsley leaves, salt, and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup good olive oil, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice 3 lemons, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 12 teaspoon celery salt, 12 teaspoon anchovy paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 cups thinly sliced celery hearts, tender leaves included, sliced on an angle about 12 stalks, 4ounce chunk aged Parmesan cheese, 23 cup toasted walnuts, coarsely chopped, Whole flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Celery and Parmesan Salad, picturelink: QAGPxeczevfArsgPzaHKiiCnbWfrqy}, 19908: {instructions: Make the zabaglione: Whisk the egg yolks with 14 cup sugar in a medium heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water. Cook, whisking, until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. With the bowl still over the simmering water, gradually whisk in 13 cup Marsala and cook, whisking constantly, until the zabaglione is light, foamy and the mixture registers 170 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 10 minutes. Remove the bowl from the pan and let cool completely.nPut the mascarpone in a large bowl and fold in the zabaglione with a rubber spatula, then whisk until just smooth do not overmix. Whisk the heavy cream in a medium bowl until stiff peaks form, then fold into the mascarpone mixture until well combined. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nCombine the remaining 14 cup sugar and the espresso powder in a shallow bowl add the boiling water and stir until the sugar dissolves. Stir in the remaining 12 cup Marsala. One at a time, quickly dip half of the ladyfingers in the liquid, turning, until wet on both sides but not soggy about 2 seconds per side arrange in a single layer in a 9inch square baking dish. Spread half of the mascarpone mixture over the ladyfingers and sprinkle with the chocolate. Repeat with the remaining ladyfingers and top with the remaining mascarpone mixture. Dust with cocoa powder. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup plus 13 cup dry Marsala wine, 1 8ounce container mascarpone cheese about 1 cup, at room temperature, 34 cup cold heavy cream, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 12 cup boiling water, 1 7ounce package crisp ladyfingers savoiardi, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, Cocoa powder, for dusting], title: Classic Tiramisu with Chocolate, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 19909: {instructions: Prepare a basic sugar cookie dough roll out and cut into strips. Sprinkle with red sanding sugar and bake as usual.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: RedCarpet Cookies, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 19910: {instructions: 1.Mix ground beef, onion, seasoned pepper, seasoned salt and Worcestershire sauce in medium bowl until well blended. Shape into 4 patties.n2.Grill over medium heat 4 to 6 minutes per side or until burgers are cooked through internal temperature of 160u00b0F. If desired, add cheese slices to burgers 1 minute before cooking is completed. Toast rolls on the grill, openside down, about 30 seconds or until golden.n3.Serve burgers on toasted rolls with bacon slices, if desired. Garnish with desired toppings and condiments., ingredients: [1 pound of ground beef, u00bc cup finely chopped onion, 1 teaspoon Lawrysu00ae Seasoned Pepper, 1 teaspoon Lawrysu00ae Seasoned Salt, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 4 hamburger rolls], title: Your Signature Burger, picturelink: JCSgp.35Z5bozC5mS2xCP0H7R4ha6y}, 19911: {instructions: Prepare flaky pie crust in advance. Cut firmly chilled butter and shortening into small pieces. Combine the flour, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse for 10 seconds. Add chilled shortening and butter and pulse for about 20 seconds longer, or until the pieces of mixture are about the size of very small peas. Add chilled water or water and vinegar and mix for about 10 seconds. Do not overmix or the dough will be tough.nTransfer to a floured cutting board and knead lightly until the mixture forms a dough. If the mixture is already together, immediately form the dough into a round disk about 5 inches in diameter and 12inch thick. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nRoll out the dough on a floured surface to a diameter of about 12 inches. Transfer the dough circle into 9inch glass pie plate and crimp edges. Place in refrigerator for 20 minutes. While crust is resting, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToast pecans lightly on cookie sheet for 3 to 5 minutes. Also, cut a parchment paper circle the size of the bottom of the pie plate.nPrick the bottom of chilled crust with fork. Just before baking crust, set parchment paper circle on chilled dough and cover with a layer of dry beans or rice. Bake crust for 10 minutes, until the top edge just starts to brown. Remove beansrice and paper and return crust to oven for about 5 minutes to lightly brown the crust bottom. If the crust edge is browning too quickly, cover the edge with foil or turn down the temperature of the oven to 325 degrees F. Remove crust from oven and cool.nJust before baking, make the Bourbon Pecan Pie filling: In a saucepan melt butter, and add remaining filling ingredients, except pecans. Over a low flame, stir filling until the mixture reaches about 100 degrees F on a candy thermometer.nPour heated filling into prebaked crust and arrange the pecans decoratively on top. Bake until the filling has started to rise and a knife inserted into the center comes out sticky but hot, about 30 to 40 minutes. The pie will not be completely set in the center at this point but it will continue to cook a bit when out of oven. This method yields a rich, creamy texture. Cool for at least 1 hour and serve with sweetened whipped cream., ingredients: [8 tablespoons butter, chilled, 4 tablespoons vegetable shortening, chilled, 1 12 cups flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 tablespoons water, chilled with ice, Optional: Substitute 1 tablespoon cider vinegar for 1 tablespoon water, 1 12 cups pecan halves, toasted lightly, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons bourbon, 3 eggs, beaten slightly, 1 cup dark corn syrup, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 23 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 2 cups sweetened whipped cream, for garnish], title: DQ Bourbon Pecan Pie, picturelink: null}, 19912: {instructions: Special equipment: Sieve and cheesecloth for making homemade labnenFor the labne: Line a sieve with cheesecloth. Mix together the yogurt and salt, and spoon into the cheesecloth. Wrap the edges of the cloth over the top of the yogurt, and put the sieve over a large bowl to collect all the whey that drips off. Place your contraption in the fridge and let it drain overnight. Whats left on the top of the cheesecloth is labnenPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nDivide the dates among individual clay serving dishes alternatively, you can do this in one large clay or castiron pan, then simply divide the dates before serving. Top the dates with the honey, making sure each date receives some nectar. Bake until caramelized, turning once, 35 to 40 minutes. Serve with a spoonful of labne and more honey, if desired.nSpecial equipment: Sieve and cheesecloth for making homemade labne, ingredients: [Homemade Labne:, 4 cups plain yogurt sheep or cows milk, Pinch salt, 20 fresh medjool dates, halved lengthwise, pits removed, 3 tablespoons raw honey], title: Fresh Dates Baked in Clay with Labne and Raw Honey, picturelink: null}, 19913: {instructions: Special equipment: 2by2 12inch heartshaped cookie cutternAdd and sift the cocoa powder with the flour, baking powder and salt. Proceed with Sugar Cookie Dough recipe and chill for 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Stir the chopped chocolate and marmalade together in a small bowl until combined.nSprinkle a work surface and rolling pin with confectioners sugar and roll out dough to 18inch thick. Move dough frequently to prevent it from sticking and add more confectioners sugar to the work surface and rolling pin as needed. With a 2by2 12inch heartshaped cookie cutter, cut 48 hearts, rerolling dough as needed. Place half of the hearts at least 1 inch apart on two parchmentlined baking sheets.nEvenly spread about 1 level teaspoon of the marmaladechocolate mixture over each heart, leaving a 14inch border around the edges. Brush the outer edge of the hearts lightly with eggwhite wash. Place another dough heart over the filling and gently press the edges to seal. Continue with remaining dough cutouts. Lightly brush the surface of the cookies with eggwhite wash and sprinkle generously with sanding sugar. Bake until set, about 1214 minutes. Let cool on the pan slightly before transferring to a rack to cool completely.nPowdered sugar, for rolling out doughnSift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. Place butter and sugar in large bowl of electric stand mixer and beat until light in color. Add egg and milk and beat to combine. Put mixer on low speed, gradually add flour, and beat until mixture pulls away from the side of the bowl. Divide the dough in half, wrap in waxed paper, and refrigerate for 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle surface where you will roll out dough with powdered sugar. Remove 1 wrapped pack of dough from refrigerator at a time, sprinkle rolling pin with powdered sugar, and roll out dough to 14inch thick. Move the dough around and check underneath frequently to make sure it is not sticking. If dough has warmed during rolling, place cold cookie sheet on top for 10 minutes to chill. Cut into desired shape, place at least 1inch apart on greased baking sheet, parchment, or silicone baking mat, and bake for 7 to 9 minutes or until cookies are just beginning to turn brown around the edges, rotating cookie sheet halfway through baking time. Let sit on baking sheet for 2 minutes after removal from oven and then move to complete cooling on wire rack. Serve as is or ice as desired. Store in airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 recipe Sugar Cookie Dough, recipe follows, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, very finely chopped, 3 tablespoons orange marmalade, 1 egg white, beaten with 12 teaspoon water, White sanding sugar, for sprinkling, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon milk], title: ChocolateOrange Cocoa Hearts, picturelink: DlVIsUH2Zh3VkQtMteqd4Qbq9MlnDEq}, 19914: {instructions: In a medium bowl mix together the chicken, celery, onion, mayonnaise and barbeque sauce. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nDivide the chicken salad evenly between the 4 hot dog rolls, top each with a lettuce leaf and serve.nIn a small bowl add all of the spice rub ingredients. Stir together with a fork until well blended. Reserve 3 tablespoons of the rub for the Grilled Brisket recipe. Sprinkle the remaining spice rub over the chicken parts until well coated.nPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook for 8 to 10 minutes per side. If using an outdoor grill, heat the grill on low. Arrange the chicken on the grill, cover and grill over indirect heat until cooked through about 10 to 15 minutes per side.nWhile the chicken is grilling add all the barbeque sauce ingredients to a small pan and stir well to combine. Bring to a simmer over low heat and let cook for 5 minutes. Reserve 2 tablespoons of sauce for Round 2 Recipe: Barbeque Chicken Salad.nBrush the chicken with the barbeque sauce. Cook for 3 minutes, flip and brush the other side of the chicken with remaining sauce and cook and additional 3 minutes. Let rest for 5 minutes before serving. Reserve 2 thighs for Round 2 Recipe: Barbeque Chicken Salad. Arrange the chicken on a serving platter and keep warm.nBrush the squash with the canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Put on the grill and cook for 3 to 4 minutes per side over direct heat. Remove from the grill to a cutting board and cut into 12inch thick slices. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with the chicken., ingredients: [2 pieces leftover barbeque chicken, from Barbeque Chicken with Grilled Squash, meat removed from bone, recipe follows, 2 celery stalks, small dice, 12 medium red onion, small dice, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons leftover barbeque sauce, from Barbeque Chicken with Grilled Squash, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 hot dogs rolls, 4 leaves romaine lettuce, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 12 tablespoons chili powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds bonein chicken thighs, 12 cup barbeque sauce, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 4 yellow squash, sliced lengthwise in 12, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper], title: Round 2 Recipe  Barbeque Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 19915: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees.nIn a skillet heat vegetable oil over moderately high heat. Add the zucchini, cumin, cayenne, salt and pepper and cook, stirring for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the corn, stirring, and cook for another 2 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.nIn a small bowl stir together ricotta, 1 cup Monterey Jack, oregano, salt and pepper to taste. Put salsa in a fine sieve set over a bowl and drain 3 seconds do not press on solids. Transfer salsa to another bowl.nLightly grease a loaf pan, 8 12 by 4 12 by 3 inches, and trim tortillas with scissors into six 5 by 3 34inch rectangles. Cover bottom of loaf pan with 2 tortillas, overlapping them in middle. Spread 14 cup salsa over tortillas and top with half cheese mixture, half zucchini, half peppers, half corn, and 1 tablespoon coriander. Make another layer of tortillas and vegetables in same manner. Top with remaining 2 tortillas, 12 cup salsa, 14 cup Monterey Jack, and 1 tablespoon coriander. Cover lasagne with foil and bake in middle of oven 12 minutes, or until heated through and cheese is melted. Let lasagne stand, covered, 5 minutes before serving. Cut lasagne in half and serve with lime., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large zucchini about 10 ounces, cut in half and then cut crosswise into thin slices, 1 teaspoon cumin, Cayenne, to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup frozen corn, thawed, 14 cup ricotta cheese, 1 14 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese about 14 pound, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 cup bottled tomato salsa about 9 ounces, 6 sixinch corn tortillas, 7ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained and patted dry, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander, Accompaniment: lime wedges], title: Vegetable Tortilla Lasagne, picturelink: null}, 19916: {instructions: Order the fish skinned, but head and tail left on. Cut off head and tail and remove fish from backbone. You can also have your fishmonger fillet the fish for you, ask him to give you backbone, head and tail extra. Cut fish in 2inch pieces and set aside. Put head, tail and backbone, broken in pieces, in deep kettle. Add 4 cups cold water, bay leave, thyme, onion and celery and simmer slowly for 10 minutes. Drain and reduce to 2 cups stock. Reserve. In a skillet over medium heat, render bacon, add onion and cook 5 minutes. Add potatoes and 2 cups boiling water and cook 5 minutes. Add fish stock. Add fish, cover and simmer 10 minutes. Add halfandhalf, salt, pepper and butter., ingredients: [4 pounds haddock, skinned, head and tail left on, 4 cups cold water, 1 bay leave, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 small onion, cut into pieces, 1 stalk celery, cut into pieces, 2 slices bacon, chopped, 1 onion, sliced thin, 2 cups potatoes, cubed, 2 cups boiling water, 2 cups scalded halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 3 tablespoons butter], title: OldFashioned Fish Chowder, picturelink: null}, 19917: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until al dente drain and toss with the milk in a large bowl.nMeanwhile, toast the curry powder in a small dry skillet over medium heat until fragrant, about 1 minute. Whisk in the peanut oil and cook until the oil is currycolored let cool. Whisk the mayonnaise, chutney and curry oil in a large bowl, then whisk in the vinegar to make a smooth dressing. Season with 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste.nAdd the broccoli slaw mix, scallions and cilantro to the dressing and toss until combined. Stir in the pasta and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate until serving.nPhotograph by Rick Lew, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces elbow macaroni, 14 cup cold milk, 2 tablespoons curry powder preferably Madrasstyle, 14 cup peanut oil, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 14 cup mango chutney, finely chopped, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, Freshly ground pepper, 1 10ounce bag broccoli slaw mix, 12 cup chopped scallions, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro], title: Duffs Curried Pasta Salad, picturelink: 48MaUKZkGWK17inmi4zZpr1to8Jcebe}, 19918: {instructions: In a dry small heavy skillet cook sesame seeds over moderate heat, stirring, until golden brown, about 4 minutes, and transfer to a bowl. In a 5quart saucepan bring 4 quarts salted water to a boil. Add orzo and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain orzo in a colander and rinse under cold water. Drain orzo well and add sesame seeds. In an 8inch nonstick skillet heat oil over high heat until hot but not smoking and saute scallions, stirring occasionally, until lightly charred and tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Stir scallion mixture into orzo and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 12 cups orzo riceshaped pasta, 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon Asian sesame oil, 2 bunches scallions about 12, cut on diagonal into 1inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sesame Orzo with Charred Scallions, picturelink: null}, 19919: {instructions: Combine the blueberries and simple syrup in a pitcher and lightly muddle them with a potato masher. Add the wine, Triple Sec, brandy, and orange and peach slices. Cover the pitcher and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or up to 24 hours., ingredients: [1 cup fresh blueberries, 1 cup simple syrup equal parts water and sugar heated until sugar dissolves: cool, 1 bottle dry and fruity red wine, 14 cup Triple Sec, 14 cup brandy, 1 orange, thinly sliced, 1 peach, pitted and thinly sliced], title: Red WineBlueberryPeach Sangria, picturelink: null}, 19920: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut steaks out of the refrigerator to take off the chill.nHeat a medium skillet over medium heat, and add the butter. When the butter has melted add the onions and cook until caramel in color, about 20 minutes. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce and tomato paste. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes.nPut the anchos in small sauce pot with the stock and bring to a boil over medium heat. Turn off the heat and allow the anchos to steep for 5 minutes. Alternatively, put the anchos and stock in a microwavesafe bowl, covered with plastic wrap, and cook in the microwave for 2 to 3 minutes.nHeat a grill pan or grill to high.nPut the anchos and onions in a food processor. Turn the processor on and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSeason meat with salt and pepper, to taste, and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Grill over high heat 5 to 6 minutes total, turning once, for rare. Remove the steak to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes. Thinly slice the steak and arrange on a serving platter. Serve with lots of steak sauce poured over top., ingredients: [2 12 to 3pound skirt steak, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 large sweet onion, very thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 dried ancho peppers, seeded and stemmed, 1 12 cups chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Skirt Steak with AnchoOnion Steak Sauce, picturelink: PAcAvPzxQoZRPpYAoP8mTRFsBk5Lray}, 19921: {instructions: If youre not making the smores right away, just pipe the marshmallow directly onto powdered sugar covered cookie sheets and let set until ready to use, at least 1 hour or overnight. If youre serving them right away, lay half of the graham crackers on a cookie sheet. Top with chocolate pieces to cover, then pipe kisses of marshmallow to cover the chocolate. If using storebought marshmallows, place 3 marshmallows on top of the chocolate layer. Leftover homemade marshmallows should be stored in airtight containers. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake until the marshmallow is puffed and golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and top with the remaining graham crackers, pressing down slightly to make a sandwich. Serve immediately, while still warm.nCombine the water, the corn syrup, and the sugar in a saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Bring to a boil and boil to softball stage, or about 235 degrees F.nMeanwhile, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form. Sprinkle the gelatin over the 2 tablespoons cold water and let dissolve. When the syrup reaches 235 degrees F, remove it from the heat, add the gelatin, and mix. Pour the syrup into the whipped egg whites. Add the vanilla and continue whipping until stiff and mostly cooled. Transfer to a pastry bag with a large plain tip.nIn a food processor or the bowl of an electric mixer, mix together the flours, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon. Add the cold butter and mix or process until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the honey, molasses, water, and vanilla. Mix until the dough comes together in a ball.nBetween 2 sheets of waxed paper or plastic wrap, roll the dough 12inch thick. Chill for 1 hour, until firm. Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Lightly flour the dough and roll 18inch thick. With a sharp knife or cookie cutter, cut into 2inch squares. Arrange the crackers on nonstick or parchment lined cookie sheets. With a fork, prick several holes in each cracker. Bake for 15 minutes, until lightly browned at the edges. Remove from the oven and let cool in the pan.nYield: 48 crackersnGraham Crackers courtesy Wayne Harley Brachman, Retro Desserts by Wayne Harley Brachman: William Morrow Publishers, 2000., ingredients: [12 marshmallows, recipe follows or store bought, 8 graham cracker squares, recipe follows, 2 milk chocolate bars, the kind that can be broken into squares, 4 tablespoons water, 4 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 tablespoons sugar, 2 egg whites, 1 tablespoon gelatin, 2 tablespoons cold water, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups wholewheat flour, 12 cup light rye flour rye flour can be found in health food stores, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup 1 stick cold butter, cut into peasize bits, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoon molasses, 14 cup cold water, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: 60s Indoor SMores with Homemade Graham Crackers, picturelink: null}, 19922: {instructions: Cut the tuna into 8 equalsize cubes. Combine the sherry, soy sauce, oils, rice vinegar, wasabi paste, ginger and garlic in a bowl. Reserve 13 of the marinade for dressing the vegetables later and add the tuna cubes to the 23 remaining. Marinate for 1 to 2 hours, refrigerated.nRemove the stems from the mushrooms and cut them into quarters. Thread the tuna unto the skewers, alternating with the mushrooms, two pieces of tuna and two mushrooms per skewer.nUsing a food slicer, julienne the cucumber and daikon radish into pastalike threads and mix with the red pepper julienne. Dress the vegetables with the reserved marinade and allow to marinate for 20 minutes before serving.nOn a hot outdoor grill or under a broiler, sear the kebabs for two to three minutes on each side. The tuna should be medium rare still red in the center. Serve the grilled skewers on a bed of marinated vegetables., ingredients: [1 pound sashimigrade tuna, deep red in color, 14 cup dry sherry, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons oriental sesame oil, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon wasabi paste, 2 tablespoons peeled and finely chopped fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped, 8 large shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 4 large bamboo skewers, soaked in water, 1 large cucumber, 1 daikon radish, peeled, 1 large red pepper], title: Tuna and Mushroom Kebabs with Wasabi Vegetable Salad, picturelink: null}, 19923: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until golden, about 30 seconds. Add the onion, bell peppers and 12 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook until softened, about 7 minutes.nAdd the chicken, basil, pasta and the reserved cooking water to the tomato sauce. Cook, stirring, until warmed through, about 4 minutes. Drizzle each serving with olive oil and top with basil and the cherry peppers.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces rigatoni, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 onion, sliced, 2 bell peppers 1 green, 1 orange, sliced, 1 28ounce can whole peeled San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, 4 cups shredded rotisserie chicken skin removed, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, plus more for topping, 2 jarred hot cherry peppers, stemmed and chopped], title: Rigatoni with Chicken and Bell Peppers, picturelink: q7MI2H.LRJZQxuHHtlVU2y.1CGFwgs2}, 19924: {instructions: Arrange the romaine on a large serving platter. Halve avocado, cutting around the pit. Pop out pit and scoop the flesh out of skin with a large spoon. Slice avocado and sprinkle with juice of 12 lemon.nCover the lettuce with a generous layer of sprouts. Top sprouts with avocado, chopped pepper, fried noodles.nJuice the remaining 12 lemon sitting cut side up. The juice will spill over the sides of the lemon and the seeds will remain in the lemon. Combine with the minced garlic, wasabi, mustard, vinegar and Worcestershire sauce. Whisk in oil in a slow stream. Drizzle dressing back and forth over the entire salad  do not toss. Serve., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine, chopped, 1 ripe avocado, 1 lemon, halved, 34 red bell pepper, remaining from above recipe for pizza, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 cups fresh sprouts, snow pea sprouts or bean sprouts, your choice, Fried Chinese noodles: 1 cup thin fried noodles or 2 cups wide fried noodles, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon wasabi paste, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar or rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: ItalCal Asian Caesar Salad, picturelink: sIne5o10bEhjqMzmNNao9qu21SecjYq}, 19925: {instructions: Place veggies in a food processor and puree. Reheat puree in a saucepan. Mix creme fraiche and eggplant puree together. Ladle soup into a bowl and garnish with a dollop of creme fraiche mixed with eggplant puree.nWine Recommendation: Domaine du Caillon, Chateauneuf du Pape, Cotes du Rhone, 1996, ingredients: [Leftover veggies au vin, from above, 14 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup leftover eggplant puree, from above], title: Leftover Stew Soup, picturelink: null}, 19926: {instructions: Special equipment: Cream whippernIn a saucepan, place the heavy cream, milk, rice, cinnamon sticks, lemon zest and salt then bring to a boil. Turn down the heat and simmer until the rice is cooked, about 30 minutes. Add the halfandhalf as needed if the rice becomes thick the mixture should be strainable. Add the sugar off the heat and stir to combine. Strain the milk from the rice, reserve it and discard the cinnamon sticks. Let the milk cool. Puree the rice. Place the cooled, reserved milk in the cream whipper to make a foam. Spoon the rice puree onto a shallow soup plate leaving a spot in the center empty and garnish with a blob the rice milk foam or whipped cream in the center. Sprinkle with cinnamon., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups milk, 1 cup Arborio rice, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 lemon, zested, 1 pinch salt, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup sugar, Foamed milk or whipped cream, Cinnamon, for sprinkling], title: Arroz con Leche, picturelink: null}, 19927: {instructions: In a large, chilled bowl, mix together the crab, noodles, scallions, chiles, cilantro, fish sauce, lime juice and basil. Check for seasoning. At this point, you have the Crab Salad finished. You can drizzle a little of the mango sauce to complete the plating. Now to finish the cha gio. Take the same mixture and roll it in rehydrated rice paper. Let rest, seam side down for 2 minutes. Fry at 375 degrees until golden brown.nPLATING Slice the cha gio on the bias and plate on a very small mound of the filling. Serve the sauce in a soy sauce dish. Use the red leaf lettuce to pick up the hot cha gio with your fingers. Garnish with the fresh mint.nIn a blender, add the mangoes, shallots, vinegar, sambal and juice. Blend at high speed and add the oil. Season and check for seasoning.nBEVERAGE Tropical Sauvignon Blanc NZ, ingredients: [2 pounds Maine crab leg meat, picked clean, 2 cups, rehydrated mung bean noodles, cut into 2 to 3inch lengths, 12 cup sliced scallions, green part only, 2 serrano chiles, destemmed and minced, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons fish sauce 3 Crab, 2 limes, juiced, 12 bunch picked Thai basil leaves, 1 package 12inch ban trang, rice paper, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 1 head red leaf lettuce, 12 bunch fresh mint, 1 ripe mango, peeled, roughly chopped, 1 large shallot, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sambal, 1 orange, juiced, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Crab Cha Gio with Spicy Mango Dipping Sauce and Crab Noodle Salad the Easier Dish, picturelink: null}, 19928: {instructions: Wash and dry lettuces well. Mix all dressing ingredients and drizzle over salad.nGarnish with orange slices and edible flowers. Yield: 4 servings, ingredients: [1 head frisee, 1 head Boston lettuce, 1 red onion, sliced, 14 cup orange juice, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon rosemary, chopped, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper, Orange slices, Edible flowers], title: Roberts Instant Salad, picturelink: null}, 19929: {instructions: Fill a large bowl with cold water. Peel the potatoes. Cut into 13inchthick slices, then stack the slices and cut into 13inchthick sticks, adding the potato sticks to the bowl of water as you go. Soak at least 30 minutes and up to 24 hours. This will help remove the excess starch from the potatoes and keep them from oxidizing.nFill a heavy stockpot with 1 12 inches canola oil fit with a deepfry thermometer and heat the oil over medium heat until the thermometer registers 325 degrees F. Drain the potatoes and pat dry to remove any excess water.nAdd 2 handfuls of potatoes to the hot oil. There should be at least 1 inch of oil above the potatoes. Parcook the potatoes until they are light brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the potatoes with a slotted spoon, gently shaking off the excess oil let drain on a rack. Repeat until all the potatoes are parcooked.nBring the temperature of the oil to 350 degrees F. Cook the potatoes again, 2 handfuls at a time, until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon, shake off the excess and season lightly with salt and pepper. Repeat until all the potatoes are cooked.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 large russet potatoes about 2 pounds, Canola oil, for deepfrying about 2 quarts, Fine sea salt and freshly ground pepper], title: DoubleFried French Fries, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 19930: {instructions: In a large pot of salted water, boil the potatoes until they are just about fork tender. Do not overcook. Drain the potatoes and cool. Slice the potatoes about 14inch thick.nIn a large, heavysided cast iron skillet, add the shortening, onions, and potatoes and cook over medium heat until golden brown. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [4 pounds potatoes, peeled, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 12 cup chopped onions, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: German Potatoes, picturelink: fT3Ajqm2eOzZAtdV.sEN96ViiYRDvt.}, 19931: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium high heat. Season chops with salt and pepper. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil to pan  1 turn of the pan. Add chops and cook 5 minutes on each side. Transfer to a platter and cover with foil. Return pan to heat and add more extravirgin olive oil and bell peppers. Saute, stirring frequently, 5 minutes. Add hot cherry peppers and a splash of their brine to the pan, cook a minute. Add wine or stock and scrape up pan drippings. Arrange peppers over chops and serve., ingredients: [4 center cut loin chops, 1inch thick, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 4 red hot Italian cherry peppers, sliced, 12 cup white wine or chicken stock, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, a handful], title: Pork Chops with Sweet and Hot Peppers, picturelink: eiWt81MMrNAjXUPmqX5QIhQM4JGAVre}, 19932: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the pancake mix with enough water to make a thin batter. Add nutmeg, cinnamon, vanilla, sugar and eggs. Whisk together until smooth, about 3 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, mix together walnuts, brown sugar, and banana slices.nSlice the ends off the French bread. Starting at 1 end, measure about a half inch down the loaf and slice the bread 34 of the way through. Measure about another half inch, and slice cleanly through the bread. You should have a 1inch slice of bread with a cut down the middle. Repeat this process until the bread is all sliced up.nTake a piece of the cut French bread and stuff a few tablespoons of the banana mixture into the slit in the middle. Add a good amount, but do not overstuff so that the mixture wont stay in the center. Repeat until all the slices are stuffed.nPreheat a skillet or flattop grill over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, coat it with 2 tablespoons of butter.nPour the crushedup cornflakes onto a plate. Take a slice of stuffed bread and dip it into the egg mixture, coating both sides liberally. Then press the bread into the cornflakes and flip it to coat both sides. Place the bread on the grill or skillet and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Flip the toast over and cook the other side. Repeat the coating and cooking process for each slice of bread, and add more butter to the grill or skillet as necessary, about 2 tablespoons of butter per slice., ingredients: [14 cup pancake mix, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup sugar, 12 eggs, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 2 cups brown sugar, 4 ripe bananas, sliced, 1 large 1 12 to 2pound loaf unsliced French bread, About 2 cups crushed crunchy corn cereal recommended: Corn Flakes, About 12 tablespoons butter], title: Banana Stuffed French Toast, UltimateStyle, picturelink: null}, 19933: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMuddle a few slices of lime and place in a cocktail shaker. Add rum, pomegranate juice, sugar, and ice, and shake about 10 times. Pour into a chilled martini glass and garnish with lime slice., ingredients: [1 lime, sliced, 2 ounces Cachaca recommended: Leblon, 1 12 ounces pomegranate juice, 2 teaspoons sugar, Ice, Chilled martini glass], title: Brazilian Martini, picturelink: fjbkZiU6ngP0squc7gCZLbImq1Roaha}, 19934: {instructions: Thinly pound the chicken, then sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper. Place the flour in a shallow dish.nAdd the oil to a pan set over mediumhigh heat. Dredge the chicken in the flour, then shake off any excess. Cook the chicken until browned, 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove from the pan and set aside. Reduce the heat to medium, add the prosciutto, and saute for 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and cook until soft, 5 minutes. Add the marsala and cook to reduce, a few seconds. Add the stock and bring to a simmer. Stir in the butter, then return the chicken to the pan and simmer for 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper, and garnish with the chopped parsley to serve., ingredients: [1 boneless, skinless chicken breast, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup thinly sliced prosciutto, 12 cup stemmed and halved porcini mushrooms, 14 cup marsala wine, 34 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Chicken Marsala, picturelink: ZxrKxCSEfOSCjWDvX5tMGF12mlBrMu}, 19935: {instructions: Wash and clean the potatoes in cold running water. Using a mandoline, or vegetable peeler, finely slice the potatoes into chips. Drop the chips into a bowl of ice water as you work to prevent them from going brown. This will also remove any excess starch.nSet a large pot of 7525 canola and olive oil over medium heat and add the garlic paper and all and whole stems of fresh rosemary, sage and thyme. Bring oil up to 375 degrees F. As it heats up the oil will get infused with the garlic and herbs. Once the herbs crackle and get crispy they will go clear and you know they are done. Using a strainer drain the herbs and garlic and set aside on paper towels.nFry the potatoes in batches until golden and crispy. Drain the chips, dry well on paper towels and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Garnish with crispy fried herbs, garlic and shower with Parmesan., ingredients: [6 large Yukon gold potatoes, Canola oil and olive oil, 7525 ratio for frying, 6 whole cloves garlic, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 12 bunch sage, 12 bunch fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Kettle Chips with Parmesan and Herbs, picturelink: CSIV3GyDJTI6lsHyWCHG7qKEcXcWD6S}, 19936: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the glaze, combine the dry ingredients and break up any lumps with your fingers. Add enough orange juice to make the mixture spreadable.nScore the ham, with a long thin knife, into a 1inchwide diamond pattern. Put the ham in a roasting pan and bake for 1 hour.nAfter 1 hour, remove the ham from the oven and cover the top and sides, as evenly as possible, with the glaze. Press cloves into the points of the diamonds.nPut the ham back in the oven and continue baking for another 1 hour and 15 minutes, brushing with glaze and juices from the roasting pan every 15 minutes. Cover the ham with foil if it starts to get too dark. Remove from oven and set aside on a cutting board to cool for 10 to 15 minutes.nCarve the ham, arrange on a platter and serve., ingredients: [14 cup maple sugar, 2 teaspoons ground garam masala, 2 tablespoons orange juice, Ceylon cloves, for garnish, 1 9pound fully cooked bonein ham shank or butt end], title: Shantelles Glazed Ham, picturelink: YJXAQqdeyryXPWrLjPVa.4xclev6hy}, 19937: {instructions: Get 4 sundae cups or goblets out and place a huge scoop of ice cream in each. Heat the fudge sauce 30 seconds in microwave, with the lid off the jar. Sprinkle a handful of nuts into each dish, top with a layer of fudge, another scoop of ice cream, a spoonful more of fudge. Heat the honey in microwave 10 to 15 seconds. Top sundaes with whipped cream, a drizzle of warm honey, then garnish with a few red peanuts and a couple of mini candy bars at the edge of the cup or goblet. edge. Serve with long spoons if you got them on plates, to catch any overflow., ingredients: [2 pints vanilla ice cream, 1 jar chocolate fudge sauce, 1 cup red skinned salted peanuts, available on snack aisle of market, 14 cup honey, Whipped cream, canister, 8 mini chocolate covered crunchy peanut bar recommended: Mr. Goodbar, optional garnish], title: Looking for Mr. Goodbar Sundaes, picturelink: 8zLPmi4I1qUeCs6i.4py7IDzjHpmBpe}, 19938: {instructions: Roll out 2 pastry sheets to 12inch thickness and set aside in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to rest prior to assembly. This will make it easier to handle. At this time preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhen ready to assemble, lay 1 of the pastry sheets on a flat floured surface. Brush with egg wash and evenly spread the spinach on top. Then cover the spinach with the sauteed mushrooms.nLay the whole side of salmon on top of the spinach and mushrooms, making sure you have at least 12inch of pastry left all around the salmon.nPreheat oven at 350 degrees F.nSeason the salmon with salt and pepper and top with the chopped eggs and sliced raw onion.nSprinkle with chopped dill and thyme and brush the egg wash liberally around the edges of the bottom pastry.nPlace the other pastry sheet on top of the salmon and press the 2 sheets together so they seal tightly the whole thing should look like a parcel. Egg wash the top and sprinkle with little salt. Transfer the salmon to a sheet pan and place in the preheated oven for 30 minutes.nAfter 30 minutes check internal temperature by placing an instantread thermometer into the center of the salmon. When it reads 125 degrees F remove from the oven and allow to rest for a further 10 minutes. It will continue to cook for a further 20 minutes or so.nTransfer salmon to a cutting board and using a serrated knife, slice into 2inch pieces. Place on a serving platter and enjoy., ingredients: [2 sheets frozen pastry dough, thawed, 1 egg yolk, beaten with 1 tablespoon milk, for egg wash, 3 cups spinach, sauteed and squeezed dry, 12 pound freshly sliced mushrooms sauteed and patted dry, 1 3 to 4pound side of salmon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 hardboiled eggs, chopped, 1 onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh dill leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves], title: Salmon Coulibiac, picturelink: null}, 19939: {instructions: For the cilantro pesto: Combine in a blender and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nFor the white bean broth: Place fish stock in a medium saucepan over high heat and cook until reduced by half. Add the chiles, white beans and shallots and cook for 5 minutes. Add honey. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nFor the salmon: Heat a grill pan or saute pan over high heat until almost smoking. Brush the salmon with olive oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper. Saute skinside down until golden brown, turn the fillets over, reduce heat to medium and continue cooking for 34 minutes for medium doneness.nFor the sauteed kale: Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook until soft, but not colored. Raise heat to high, add the stock and kale and toss to combine. Cover and cook for 5 minutes. Remove cover and continue to cook, stirring until all the liquid has evaporated. Season with salt and pepper to taste and add vinegar., ingredients: [2 cups cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons pumpkin seeds, 2 cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, Salt and pepper, 6 cups fish stock, 2 ancho chiles, soaked, seeded and julienned, 1 cup cooked white beans, 3 shallots, roasted, peeled and sliced thinly, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and pepper, Four 6 ounce salmon fillets, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 12 pounds young kale, stems and leaves coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely sliced, 12 cup vegetable stock or water, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar], title: Pan Roasted Salmon with White BeanAncho Chile Broth, Cilantro Pesto and Roasted Shallots with Sauteed Kale, picturelink: null}, 19940: {instructions: Cook the rice according to package directions about 45 minutes cook time. Meanwhile, in a small bowl or measuring cup, whisk together the soy sauce, vinegar and sugar. Slice the pork into 12inchthick rounds, then slice again to make 12inchwide strips. Place the pork in a medium bowl and sprinkle with the cornstarch and salt and pepper, and toss to coat. In a large skillet or wok, heat the oil over high heat until very hot. Add the pork and stirfry until the pork is almost cooked through and begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and bell peppers and stirfry until the vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the pineapple and scallions and continue to stirfry until the pork is cooked through and the vegetables are tender, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Whisk the soy sauce mixture and add it to skillet. Cook until the sauce thickens, 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup brown rice, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 14 pounds pork tenderloin, trimmed, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 bell peppers any color, sliced, 12 cup diced fresh pineapple, 4 scallions, thinly sliced on the diagonal, 2 tablespoons roasted peanuts, chopped optional], title: Sweet and Sour StirFried Pork with Pineapple, picturelink: null}, 19941: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the drink mix with 4 ounces cold water in a glass. Stir to dissolve.nTransfer to a blender.nAdd the rum, lime juice, strawberries, and ice to the blender, and blend at high speed until slushy and uniform.nPour into a glass and add a straw. Garnish with strawberries and top with whipped topping, if using. Slurp that baby up, ingredients: [1 2serving packet sugarfree strawberry powdered drink mix about 1 teaspoon, 1 12 ounces white rum, 12 ounce lime juice, 3 frozen unsweetened strawberries, slightly thawed, 1 cup crushed ice about 5 to 8 ice cubes, Fresh strawberries, for serving, optional, Fatfree whipped topping, optional], title: Slammin SlimmedDown Strawberry Daiquiri, picturelink: tqR54t2g8L5saUkwafg7c0f4v6Rvnd6}, 19942: {instructions: For the broth: Heat a large pot over medium heat and add a generous swirl of olive oil. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, celery, fennel bulb, clam juice, tomato puree, wine, salt, pepper, anchovy paste, red pepper flakes, bay leaf, star anise and saffron. Bring the mixture to a boil, and then reduce the heat and simmer 30 minutes.nFor the cod: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Sprinkle the cod with salt, pepper and paprika and wrap each piece in a slice of prosciutto.nHeat a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat and add a swirl of olive oil. Sear the cod on both sides until the prosciutto is crisped. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake the cod until cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. If the cod does not fit in the skillet in one batch, cook in two batches and transfer to a baking sheet to finish in the oven.nAdd the clams to the tomato broth and cook until the clams open, about 5 minutes. Discard any clams that dont open. Discard the bay leaf and star anise.nPlace 1 cod piece in a shallow serving bowl and ladle some broth around the cod. Garnish with a few clams, diced tomato, fennel fronds and chopped parsley. Repeat with the remaining cod and broth. Serve warm.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 fennel bulb, thinly sliced, fronds reserved for garnish, stem discarded, 5 cups clam juice, One 28ounce can tomato puree, 1 12 cups white wine, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 34 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 bay leaf, 1 star anise, Pinch saffron threads, Eight 4ounce pieces cod, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon paprika, 8 thin slices prosciutto, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound manila clams, scrubbed, 2 Roma tomatoes, diced, for garnish, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: CIOFilipino, picturelink: F8DvNnfC07jg7tdBsxfN9FaPlTx75f2}, 19943: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGrease a 2quart baking dish with butter.nIn a large bowl, mix the cubed baked goods, vanilla wafers, apricots, cranberries, sugar, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Slice the bananas and fold into the dry ingredients. Transfer to the baking dish, distributing evenly. In another bowl, mix eggs, milk, vanilla and amaretto, whiskey or warm water.nPour the milk and egg mixture over the dry ingredients. Let the baking dish stand for about 20 minutes to allow the liquid to absorb into the cubed baked goods.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPrepare a bain marie by placing the baking dish into a larger pan or dish, into the preheated oven, and then pouring hot water into the outer dish without splashing any into the custard dish. Bake until the pudding firms and puffs up and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Remove from oven and from water bath. Spread apricot jelly over the top of pudding and let rest.nServe with ice cream, chocolate syrup and whipped cream., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 cranberry loaf pound cake, enough of which is cut into 12inch cubes to yield 2 cups or use 2 cups leftover Danish or donuts in conjunction with dried cranberries  see below, 2 cups vanilla wafer cookies, 12 cup chopped dried apricots, 12 cup chopped dried cranberries, optional you may not need these if you were able to get a cranberry loaf as listed above, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 bananas, 3 eggs, 3 cups milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup amaretto, whiskey, or warm water, 12 cup apricot jelly, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, for serving, 12 cup chocolate syrup, for serving, 12 pint heavy cream, whipped, for serving], title: Viva Las Vanilla Wafer Pudding, picturelink: r9WSr.NOgwO2Y9CbKtFij5fT.3nHcC}, 19944: {instructions: Season both sides of lamb chops with salt and pepper. Press thyme into chops. Heat olive oil and butter in a 12inch skillet. Sear chops for a minute on each side.nLower the heat and cook, uncovered, for 5 to 10 minutes depending on how well you like your chops done. Turn the chops occasionally while they cook. Remove them to a plate and set aside discard almost all of the fat. Add garlic, anise seeds, balsamic vinegar, sugar and 2 tablespoons water. Scrape up juices and reduce until syrupy. Off heat, stir in 2 tablespoons butter and season to taste with salt and pepper spoon over chops., ingredients: [6 rib lamb chops, trimmed of excess fat, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons, 12 teaspoon minced garlic or garlic puree, 1 teaspoon anise seeds, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Pinch sugar, 2 tablespoons water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lamb Chops with Anise, picturelink: null}, 19945: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWorking in batches, add the corn kernels to a blender or food processor and puree until smooth.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter and sugar until pale. Add the egg, salt, and baking powder. Mix to incorporate. Add the flour and pureed corn and mix until blended and forms a loose smooth dough.nPut a corn husk lengthwise in front of you with the wide side closest to you. Spread 3 tablespoons of the dough all over the bottom half wide side of the corn husk, leaving about a 1inchwide border on the left and right sides. Pick up the 2 long sides of the corn husk and bring them together. Roll both sides of the corn husks in the same direction over the filling.nRepeat with remaining corn husks and dough. Arrange the tamales, seam side down, in a steamer and add 12inch of water. Cover with a tight fitting lid, bring to a simmer and steam for 1 hour, adding additional water, as needed to maintain 12inch of water in the pan. Remove the tamales from the steamer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [7 cups fresh corn kernels, from 7 ears, 1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup harina de maiz dried corn flour , 20 dried corn husks, soaked in warm water for 30 minutes], title: Easy Corn Tamales, picturelink: e.syJth0sY0UXPtWSjllw63sjsmA8yO}, 19946: {instructions: Toss the chicken with the lemon juice, curry powder, pumpkin pie spice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 grated garlic clove, 1 14 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Warm up the pita rounds on the skillet on one side only, about 10 to 15 seconds. Wrap the stacked pita rounds in aluminum foil to keep warm. Wipe out the pan.nAdd the remaining tablespoon of olive oil to the skillet and increase the heat to mediumhigh. When the oil is just about to smoke, add the chicken and spread out in a shallow layer in the pan. Turn the heat up as high as it will go. Dont stir the chicken allow it to develop some nice golden brown color on one side, about 4 minutes. Give the chicken a quick stir and cook for another 2 minutes to develop more color. Transfer to a bowl. Taste for seasoning and add more salt, if necessary.nMix together the mayonnaise, hummus and remaining grated garlic clove in a small bowl.nAssemble the wraps: Have 6 sheets of aluminum foil or parchment paper ready. On a pita round, smear about 2 tablespoons of garlic mayonnaise hummus sauce along the middle, then top with a scant 12 cup chicken, a pickle spear, diced tomato, shredded lettuce, and hot sauce, if using. Roll the pita tightly around the filling. Wrap with foil to hold the roll together. Repeat with the remaining pitas., ingredients: [34 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely grated, 1 14 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, trimmed of excess fat, sliced 18inch thick across the grain, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 teaspoon curry powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pieces pocket pita bread, each separated into 2 thin rounds, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup prepared hummus, 2 whole dill pickles, each cut lengthwise into 6 spears, 1 plum tomato, diced, 1 12 cups shredded romaine or iceberg lettuce, Hot sauce optional], title: Shortcut Chicken Shawarma, picturelink: ooecyTbUMBQQuyYNhBs4Ln1SXWWT76}, 19947: {instructions: In a large pot, render the bacon with olive oil. When the bacon is rendered, add the jalapenos, onions, celery, carrots, green peppers, yellow peppers, and banana peppers. Add the crushed red pepper and season with salt and pepper. Add the potatoes, tomatoes and tomato puree. Reduce the heat and add the bay leaves. Tie the fresh herbs in cheese cloth and add to the pot. Whisk in the fish stock, clam juice, and cream. Bring up to the boil and reduce to a simmer. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes or until the potatoes are fork tender. Whisk in conch and saffron. Simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Ladle into a shallow bowl and garnish with coconut and chives and Tabasco., ingredients: [14 pound bacon, diced, 12 cup olive oil, 2 jalapenos, seeded and diced, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 12 bunch celery, diced, 1 green pepper, diced, 1 yellow pepper diced, 2 banana peppers, diced, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 10 small, new potatoes, diced, 1 quart peeled plum tomatoes, crushed, 1 quart tomato puree, 3 bay leaves, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 bunch fresh oregano, 1 bunch fresh marjoram, 1 bunch fresh basil, 2 quarts fish stock, 2 cups clam juice, 1 quart heavy cream, 2 12 pounds cleaned and ground conch meat, 2 pinches of saffron, Salt and pepper, 1 cup toasted coconut, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Tabasco sauce], title: Normans Creamy Conch Chowder with Saffron and Toasted Coconut, picturelink: null}, 19948: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the shrimp with half of the red onions, a handful of chopped cilantro, 2 teaspoons adobo sauce, and the coconut oil, garlic powder, some salt and pepper, and a drizzle of honey. Marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nCombine the avocados, lime juice, sour cream, adobo powder and the remaining onions in a bowl. Mix until you have a smooth paste press through a finemesh sieve. Stir in the jalapenos.nSet a saute pan over mediumhigh heat and coat with vegetable oil. Add the marinated shrimp cook until pink throughout. Finish with a handful of fresh cilantro. Spread the avocado sauce on a serving platter arrange the shrimp on top. Serve., ingredients: [1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped, 1 can chipotles in adobe sauce, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, Salt and pepper, Honey, 3 avocados, diced, 3 limes, juiced, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon adobo powder, 3 jalapenos, diced, Vegetable oil, for pan], title: Chipotle Shrimp with Avocado Cream, picturelink: K2qUlORX0FRR4NRrf9lmW47yGHbwwEm}, 19949: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the fruitnut mixture: Mix the butter with the apples, pears, walnuts and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Refrigerate to chill briefly.nFor the French toast: Meanwhile, in a large flat dish, whisk together the eggs, milk, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt and vanilla.nMake a deep slice from the side into the center of each bread slice to form a pocket. Stuff a couple spoonfuls of the fruitnut mixture into each piece reserve any leftover fruitnut mixture for serving. Dip the stuffed bread in the egg mixture to moisten on both sides but not so much that the bread falls apart.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat and melt 1 tablespoon of butter. In batches, add the stuffed bread and cook until golden brown, flipping gently, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Continue cooking the remaining bread, adding additional butter as needed.nPut the extra fruitnut mixture in the skillet and cook a few minutes over medium heat, just to soften the fruit. Spoon over the French toast and serve with warm maple syrup., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 Gala apples, peeled, cored and chopped, 1 pear, peeled, cored and chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped walnuts, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 dozen large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups whole milk, 6 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 dayold or slightly older loaf challah bread, cut into 1inchthick slices, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, for cooking, Pure maple syrup, warmed, for serving], title: Apple, Pear and Walnut Stuffed French Toast, picturelink: ukD730KJR7njVza9p8h9q633q1kDGsO}, 19950: {instructions: For each drink, combine 3 ounces gin, 1 ounce dry vermouth, 12 ounce lemon juice and 1 tablespoon orange marmalade in a cocktail shaker with ice shake well, then pour into a glass.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Marmalade Cocktails, picturelink: 8Vu2T2Yejn9fvgZI3dA0jUrm7im7Q1e}, 19951: {instructions: Potatoes and Carrots: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Brush a baking sheet with olive oil. Toss potatoes and carrots into a mixture of fresh rosemary leaves, salt and cracked pepper and lay them cut side down on a baking sheet. Brush with olive oil and bake until potatoes are toasted brown, and carrots are tender about 30 minutes.nPeppers and Tomatoes Heat the broiler. Halve tomatoes lengthwise. Place whole peppers and halved tomatoes on a baking sheet as close to the flame as possible. Allow skin to blacken, turn when needed. Remove from the oven and close peppers in a brown paper bag to steam. When cool, peel and remove seeds and core. Slice peppers into 12inch slices. Leave tomatoes halved.nOnions, and Mushrooms: Prepare grill. Brush onions and portobellos with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until soft. Slice mushrooms into 12inch slices.nSalad: Whisk together dressing ingredients. Toss with grilled vegetables. Garnish with sprigs of rosemary or fresh basil leaves. Serve with a hot, crusty loaf of peasant bread., ingredients: [1 pound small red potatoes, halved, 8 medium carrots, halved lengthwise, Fresh Rosemary, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, 2 large red bell peppers, halved, 1 large onion, sliced, 6 plum tomatoes, quartered, 3 large portobello mushrooms, Basil leaves, 12 cup milk, 12 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, pressed, 2 teaspoons cider vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Vegetable Salad with Garlic Cream Dressing, picturelink: null}, 19952: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together ice water, tempura batter mix, and cayenne pepper just until large lumps disappear. Batter will be lumpy set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine sour cream, ranch dressing, and hot sauce set aside.nHeat oil in saucepan to 375 degrees F.nPat dry olives with paper towels. Dip olives into tempura batter, slightly shake off excess, and carefully slide into oil. Do not crowd the pan. Fry for 3 to 5 minutes, until golden. Remove with slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Skim batter pieces from oil between batches.nServe with dipping sauce., ingredients: [34 cup ice water, 1 cup tempura batter mix recommended: Hime, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons sour cream recommended: Knudsen, 2 tablespoons ranch salad dressing recommended: Hidden Valley, 12 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 16 large bleu cheese stuffed olives recommended: Santa Barbara  can substitute other large stuffed olives, Oil, for frying], title: Bleu Cheese Olive Poppers, picturelink: Gn1YQA2BumyU2rTkMiMGBZPAvjWWzO}, 19953: {instructions: Let cream cheese and goat cheese soften at room temperature. Mix cheeses together with minced garlic. Line a casserole dish with plastic wrap. Put 13 of the cheese mixture in the dish, spreading it evenly to the sides. Next, layer ingredients in the following order: the sundried tomatoes, 13 cheese mixture, pesto, and remaining cheese in the same manner. Cover with plastic wrap and chill for at least 1 hour.nTo serve, turn upside down on a platter. Serve with crackers., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, 6 ounces goat cheese, 2 cloves fresh garlic, minced, 6 ounces pesto, 8 ounces sundried tomatoes, chopped, Note: if you use dehydrated tomatoes  add a little water to them and allow them to rehydrate slightly.], title: Italian Layered Dip, picturelink: null}, 19954: {instructions: Place salmon on a sheet pan covered with plastic skin side down. Finely chop the zest of the three fruits. Sprinkle the zest on the salmon pushing it gently into the flesh. Pour the liquor and orange extract over the salmon. In a separate bowl, mix the salt and brown sugar and coarsely ground peppercorns. Pour the mixture over the salmon, pressing it into the flesh. The coating should be so thick you cant see the salmon underneath. Wrap with plastic. Put an additional sheet pan on top of the salmon and weigh it down with something heavy. Make sure the weight is distributed evenly and put in the refrigerator for 24 hours. Remove from the refrigerator and wipe off the aromatic coating. Slice on the bias and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds salmon skin on, Zest of one lemon, lime and orange, 3 tablespoons citrusflavored liqueur, 1 teaspoon orange extract, 2 cups brown sugar, 2 cups kosher salt, 14 cup coarsely ground black peppercorns], title: One Day Citrus Cured Salmon, picturelink: null}, 19955: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil, remove from the heat, and add the sorrel and ginger. Let steep about 45 minutes, strain.nAdd ice cubes to a shaker. For 2 servings, add to the shaker about 2 or 3 ounces strained juice, 2 ounces simple syrup, a splash of lime juice, and a jigger of rum. Shake well and pour., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 6 ounces dried red sorrel buds, 4 ounces ginger, sliced thin, Ice cubes, Simple syrup, as needed, 2 ounces lime juice, 4 ounces rum recommended: 151], title: Caribbean Sorrel Cocktail, picturelink: 6bb7XNrsXIV5JscZB8TDZzY7v3n8nAO}, 19956: {instructions: In the bowl of a heavyduty electric mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine flour, cocoa powder, 13 cup sugar, 1 cup of water, yeast, and starter. Combine on low speed for 5 minutes. Let stand for 15 minutes.nAdd salt and butter, and mix on medium speed until the dough develops a sheen, about 10 minutes. Add chopped chocolate. Continue to mix on medium speed until completely combined, 2 to 3 minutes. Place dough in a large lightly oiled bowl, and cover with plastic wrap. Allow to rise until doubled in size, about 3 hours. Fold dough into thirds like an envelope, and cover with plastic wrap. Let rest for 30 minutes.nButter 2 6 34 by 3 by 2 14inch loaf pans and coat with remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar. Divide dough in half, then divide each half into 4 equal portions. Roll each piece of dough on work surface in a circular motion, forming a tight ball. Place 4 pieces of dough, smooth side up, in each loaf pan from 1 end to another. Cover tightly with plastic wrap. Allow to rise at room temperature until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nMeanwhile, adjust oven rack to center of the oven. Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Whisk egg yolk and cream to combine, and lightly brush risen loaves, and sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Place loaves in oven and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake until loaves have a slightly hollow sound when tapped on the bottom, about 40 to 45 minutes.nRemove from oven and let rest on a cooling rack for 5 minutes before removing from pans. Finish cooling on wire rack.nIn a medium bowl, dissolve yeast in water. Stir in flour until completely incorporated. Cover, and let stand at room temperature for 4 to 6 hours.nYield: 34 cup, ingredients: [2 12 cups bread flour, 14 cup cocoa powder, preferably Valrhona, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 cup water, 2 teaspoons active dry yeast, 14 cup Chocolate Bread Starter, recipe follows, 1 14 teaspoons fine salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pans, 3 ounces good quality, bittersweet chocolate, chopped in 14inch pieces, preferably Valrhona Manjari, Vegetable oil, for bowl, 2 tablespoons turbinado sugar, 1 large egg yolk, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 14 teaspoon active dry yeast, 1 cup lukewarm water, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons all purpose flour], title: Chocolate Bread, picturelink: null}, 19957: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line one 12cup standard muffin tin with paper cupcake liners.nIn a large bowl, combine the butter, cocoa powder and chocolate. Pour the boiling water over and let stand 5 minutes. Whisk until smooth, and then whisk in the sugar, vanilla and eggs. Whisk in the flour, salt, baking powder and baking soda until just combined. Fold in the walnuts and chocolate chips. Divide the batter among the prepared liners so they are about threequarters full.nBake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with moist crumbs, 22 to 24 minutes. Cool in the tins 5 minutes, and then cool completely on a wire rack.nWhile the cupcakes bake and cool, scoop 12 small scoops of ice cream onto a large plate or baking sheet and place in the freezer until hard.nTo assemble, scoop off a small piece of the cupcake to make a concave top, and then top each cupcake with a scoop of ice cream. Drizzle the ice cream with hot fudge, and top with some sprinkles and a cherry., ingredients: [1 14 sticks 5 ounces unsalted butter, softened and cut into pieces, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped, 23 cup boiling water, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup finely chopped toasted walnuts, 13 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 14 cup prepared hot fudge sauce, 2 tablespoons rainbow colored sprinkles, 12 jarred maraschino cherries with stems, drained and patted dry], title: Brownie Cupcakes a la Mode, picturelink: RPLiWGhGfFraRt4GZSyg97lzBChTIO}, 19958: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSear the shrimp on one side in a skillet on mediumhigh heat with a little bit of vegetable oil, salt and pepper. Add the shallots and garlic. Once the shrimp are partially cooked, after about 1 minute, remove from the skillet. Next, add the bananas and break up the bananas with tongs while sauteing to essentially mash. Saute for 1 minute. Add the watersoy mix, sambal and honey and saute another minute until heated through. Return the shrimp to the skillet and finish cooking, 2 to 3 minutes. Finish with the lime juice and cilantro, and then season again if necessary. Spoon the banana sauce into bowls. A small concave vessel with a large bell is best. Place 5 shrimp to a bowl on top of the sauce. Garnish with onion sprouts., ingredients: [20 shrimp, peeled and deveined with tails on, Vegetable oil, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons shallots, brunoise about 1 12 shallots, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic about 4 cloves, 4 very ripe bananas so ripe that the skins are black, 1:1 lowsodium soyawater 12 cup of each, Roughly 3 tablespoons sambal, 1 teaspoon honey, Juice of 2 limes, 1 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, Onion sprouts, for garnish], title: Shrimp and Banana, picturelink: f4V5pT9Ii4hodiqoxZoTvVZYRTCTd7C}, 19959: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the pork butt generously with salt and pepper. Place the pork in a roasting pan, cover with foil and roast until tender, at least 4 hours. Dice the pork and reserve 4 cups. Set aside the remaining pork for another use.nIncrease the oven temperature to 375 degrees F.nAdd the quinoa and 2 12 cups water to a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer, cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.nToss the yams in some of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast the yams in the oven until forktender, about 25 minutes. Reserve 2 cups and set aside any remaining yam for another use.nHeat the remaining 13 cup oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the carrot, onion and 1 teaspoon of salt and saute until translucent. Add the garlic, coriander and turmeric and cook for 5 minutes on medium heat. Add the stock and bring to a simmer.nAdd the cooked quinoa, the 4 cups pork and 2 cups yams. Adjust the seasoning with salt and white pepper to taste, then add the lime juice and garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [One 3pound pork butt, Kosher salt and black pepper, 1 14 cups cups quinoa, rinsed well, 2 large yams, peeled and diced, 13 cup olive oil, plus more for roasting, 1 cup finely diced carrot, 1 cup finely diced onion, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, toasted and ground, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 3 quarts vegetable, chicken or pork stock preferably homemade, White pepper, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Peruvian Pork and Quinoa Soup, picturelink: null}, 19960: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. Stuff 1 tablespoon of crab mixture into each prawn. Place prawns on sheet pan with 2 ounces in water on pan. Cook for approximately 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring vinaigrette to a boil. Add cucumbers until slightly wilted. Remove from pan and keep warm. Add peppers, ginger, shallot and garlic and reduce sauce slightly. Add mint and cilantro.nPlace cucumber julienne in center of plate. Add prawns in center. Top each prawn with 1 tablespoon of hollandaise. Finish by spooning vinaigrette around plate., ingredients: [16 Spot prawns, butterflied, shell on, 2 pounds Crabcake mix  search crabcake mixture , 1 quart hot and sour vinaigrette search Hot and Sour Vinaigrette, 3 English cucumbers, junlianned and seeds removed, 1 red pepper, bruniose, 1 yellow pepper, bruniose, 1 green pepper, bruniose, 1 tablespoon ginger, chopped, 1 teaspoon shallot, chopped, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons mint, chopped, 2 tablespoons cilantro, chopped, 1 quart Hollandaise  search Hollandaise sauce ], title: Roasted Spot Prawns, picturelink: null}, 19961: {instructions: The first step is to start cooking the sugar. Pour the water and sugar into a 1quart heavybottomed saucepan and place over mediumhigh heat. When the bubbles start to form around the edge of the pan, insert a candy thermometer in the mixture.nPlace the egg whites in a large mixing bowl and whip with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until foamy and slightly holding soft peaks.nThe sugar is ready when it reaches 250 degrees F, what is known as the soft ball stage. Make an Italian meringue by pouring the cooked sugar down the side of the bowl while you continue to whip the egg whites. Do not pour the hot sugar onto the beaters, or it will splatter. Continue whipping the meringue on mediumhigh speed until the outside of the bowl is warm but not hot, about 5 minutes. Add the butter all at once and beat on medium speed until incorporated. Increase the mixer speed to mediumhigh and whip until the buttercream is thick, smooth, and shiny, about 10 minutes. At his stage, you can add flavoring, if desired.nThe buttercream can be used immediately or can be stored in the refrigerator for 3 to 4 days or in the freezer for several weeks if held in an airtight container. If it has been chilled or frozen, allow the buttercream to come to room temperature before using, then whip it with an electric mixer on medium speed until it returns to its initial volume and is once again thick, smooth, and shiny., ingredients: [Scant 12 cup water, 2 14 cups plus 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 5 large egg whites, 2 14 cups plus 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cubed, Raspberry jam, for assembly], title: Basic Buttercream, picturelink: null}, 19962: {instructions: Melt butter in a double boiler. Add onion. Simmer until tender. Stir in flour and other dry ingredients. Gradually stir in chicken broth and milk. Cook over boiling water, stirring until thickened. Could be 10 minutes. Add shrimp and lemon juice. Heat to serving temperature. Be sure not to head too long or shrimp will overcook and turn to rubber.nServe over fluffy rice with 2 or more accompaniments on top: chutney, shredded coconut, diced bananas, sliced avocado, pineapple chunks, bacon bits, salted almonds, Spanish peanuts, or currant jelly., ingredients: [5 tablespoons butter, 12 cup minced onion, 6 tablespoons flour, 2 12 teaspoons curry powder, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon powdered ginger, 1 cup chicken broth, 2 cups milk, 4 cups cleaned, cooked shrimp 3 pounds raw, 1 teaspoon lemon juice], title: Eric Boardman Christmas Shrimp Curry, picturelink: null}, 19963: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat and add the oil. Stir in the onions and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook the onions, stirring occasionally, until caramelized, 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool.nCombine the mayonnaise, sour cream, cream cheese and cayenne in a mixing bowl and mix vigorously until smooth. Add the onions and thawed and drained spinach and mix well. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper as necessary.nServe with cutup vegetables or chips, if using., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 yellow onion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 34 cup sour cream, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, One 10ounce box frozen spinach, thawed and drained, Cutup vegetables, for serving, optional, Chips, for serving, optional], title: Caramelized Onion Spinach Dip, picturelink: null}, 19964: {instructions: Arrange cookies on wire baking rack that has been placed on top of a parchment lined baking sheet. Leave some space between cookies. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, sift together powdered sugar and meringue powder. Add red food coloring and peppermint extract. Stir until combined. Spoon or pour red icing into a ziptop bag. Press out air and close. Snip off a small corner of bag.nDrizzle icing back and forth over the tops of the cookies. Allow to dry for 1 to 2 hours or until icing has hardened., ingredients: [2 14ounce boxes white fudge covered cookies, 2 cups powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon meringue powder, 2 tablespoons red food coloring, 1 teaspoon peppermint extract], title: White Chocolate Dipped Cookies with Peppermint Drizzle, picturelink: null}, 19965: {instructions: Combine the rice, cream sauce and gorgonzola in a large bowl until the rice is coated and creamy. Form 1 heaping tablespoon of rice into a small sushilike cylinder. Repeat to make 12 pieces. Place a small dollop of the butter on each cylinder and top with a piece of asparagus, pressing gently into the rice. Refrigerate the rice cylinders until set, about 10 minutes.nWrap a slice of steak around each rice piece and season with salt and pepper. Serve with additional sauce for dipping.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook until tender, about 1 minute. Add the heavy cream and simmer until reduced by half. Whisk in the gorgonzola until it melts. Season with salt and pepper and keep warm.nHeat a grill pan over medium heat. Brush the steak lightly with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. Grill the steak, 4 to 5 minutes per side for mediumrare, turning once. Remove from the heat and cover with foil. Let the steak rest for 5 minutes before slicing.nMeanwhile, combine the sugar, paprika and onion powder in a small bowl. Reserve 4 teaspoons and store the rest in an airtight container. Seasoning will keep in the pantry for up to 6 months. Mix the stick of softened butter with 3 teaspoons of the seasoning in a small bowl cover and refrigerate.nToss the asparagus with the remaining 1 teaspoon barbecue seasoning mix and 1 tablespoon olive oil add salt and pepper to taste. Cook the asparagus in a grill pan over medium heat until tender, turning once, about 6 minutes total. Reserve 4 stalks for the sushi.nReserve a quarter of the steak for the sushi cut the rest into inchthick slices. Top with the gorgonzola cream sauce, reserving about 12 cup for sushi, and serve with the asparagus and some barbecue butter.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [1 14 cups cooked longgrain rice, at room temperature, 14 cup leftover gorgonzola cream sauce, plus more for dipping, 2 tablespoons crumbled gorgonzola, 2 tablespoons leftover barbecue butter, softened, 4 leftover stalks grilled asparagus from Grilled Flank Steak with Gorgonzola Cream Sauce and Asparagus, cut into thirds, recipe follows, 6 ounces leftover grilled flank steak, from Grilled Flank Steak with Gorgonzola Cream Sauce and Asparagus, cut into 12 12inchwide slices, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon salted butter, plus 1 stick slightly softened, 1 shallot, minced, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 pound gorgonzola cheese,crumbled, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds flank steak, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup paprika, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 2 pounds large asparagus, trimmed], title: SouthernStyle Sushi, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 19966: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrots, celery, garlic and ginger and cook, stirring, until the vegetables soften, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken and cook until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the curry powder, stir to coat, and cook for 1 minute. Add the broth and coconut milk and simmer 4 minutes.nRemove from the heat, stir in the cilantro, and season with salt and pepper. Spoon the rice into bowls and top with the mulligatawny stew., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons peeled and minced fresh ginger, 1 pound cooked, cubed chicken, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 3 12 cups two 14.5ounce cans reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 14ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 cups instant rice, cooked], title: Mulligatawny Stew Over Rice, picturelink: null}, 19967: {instructions: Bring a small pot of salted water to a boil, add the onions, cook for 1 minute and drain well. Transfer to a bowl.nCombine the vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook until the sugar is dissolved, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, let cool slightly then pour the mixture over the onions. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours. Stir in thyme before serving.nPut the orange juice in a medium nonreactive saucepan and bring to a boil. Using a paring knife, make a small slit in the center of the habanero and add to the orange juice along with the allspice berries. Cook until thickened and reduced to about 1 cup. Strain into a bowl and let cool slightly. Add the zest and vinegar and season with salt, pepper and honey, to taste, if needed.nCombine the oil and basil in a blender and blend for 2 minutes. Strain into a bowl and season with salt and pepper.nWhisk together the flour, salt, pepper and enough water to make a batter with the consistency of crepe batter. Let sit 5 minutes.nHeat 2inches of oil in a medium highsided saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Put the flour in a large shallow bowl and season with salt and pepper. Season the fish with salt and pepper and dredged lightly in the flour, tapping off excess. Dip the fish in the batter and let excess drip off. Fry until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Transfer to a platter, drizzle with the vinegar sauce and basil oil and top with some of the pickled red onions. Garnish with basil leaves., ingredients: [1 large red onion, thinly sliced and rings separated, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 cups fresh orange juice, 1 habanero or Scotch Bonnet, 6 whole allspice berries, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, White wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Honey, to taste, optional, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup freshly chopped basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup rice flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup water, Peanut oil or canola oil, 2 pounds pink snapper skinon fillets, cut into 2inch strips, Fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Throwdowns Fish Escovitch, picturelink: null}, 19968: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Peel the carrots and discard the skins. Using a vegetable peeler, peel long, wide ribbons of carrot until you can no longer make ribbons. Combine the carrot ribbons with the sugar and 1 12 cups water in a large saucepan. Bring to a simmer over high heat, stirring occasionally, then immediately remove the carrots with tongs to a rimmed baking sheet. Spread into a single layer and let cool, pouring any syrup from the bottom of the baking sheet back into the pot. Simmer the syrup until lots of small bubbles form on the surface and it is a bright orange color, about 10 minutes. You should have 1 cup of syrup left. Let cool for 5 minutes, then stir in the lemon juice. Remove to a heatproof container and refrigerate until cool, 1 hour.nMeanwhile, combine the apricots and raisins in a food processor and pulse until roughly chopped, about 10 pulses. Add the nuts and 14 teaspoon salt, scrape down the sides and pulse until the nuts are roughly chopped, another 10 pulses. Set aside.nBrush an 8inch springform pan with butter and line with 1 sheet phyllo. Tuck any phyllo the hangs over the edge into the edges of the pan. Brush generously with butter and lay the next sheet of phyllo on top going in the other direction. Brush generously with butter and repeat this pattern with the remaining phyllo. Put the nut and fruit mixture into the pan and pack it down firmly so it is evenly spread out.nArrange the carrot strips on a work surface next to each other so they are about 1inch wide. Starting from one end, roll them up loosely. Put them on top of the nuts so you can see the spiral of the carrot. Repeat with the remaining carrots until the top is covered in 30 to 40 carrot flowers.nPut the pan on a baking sheet and bake until the phyllo is golden, 25 to 30 minutes. While it is still hot, drizzle the cold syrup all over the carrots until the nuts are just covered in syrup. Remove the sides of the pan and let cool until fully cooled and set, about 2 hours, before serving., ingredients: [2 large carrots about 1 14 pounds, 1 12 cups sugar, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup dried apricots, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 cup pistachios, 1 cup walnuts, Kosher salt, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 5 large phyllo sheets, thawed if frozen], title: Candied Carrot Rose Tart, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 19969: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and place a rack in the middle.nGenerously season the New York strip all over with salt and pepper. Heat a heavy metal roasting pan on the stove over high heat. Add a film of olive oil. When the oil begins to give off wisps of smoke, carefully put the meat in the pan presentation side down and turn down the heat to mediumhigh scatter the trimming scraps around its sides. Sear without disturbing until the meat is evenly browned, about 5 minutes per side. With the meat presentation side up, put the roasting pan in the oven and cook until done medium rare, 140 to 145 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 45 minutes.nTransfer the meat from the roasting pan to a serving platter, cover it with aluminum foil, and let it rest in a warm place for 10 to 15 minutes.nFor Port Wine Mustard Sauce: Remove and discard the scraps from the roasting pan and pour off all but a thin film of fat. Put the pan on the stove over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot and, as soon as it starts to sizzle, pour in the port wine and the stock, stirring and scraping with a wooden spoon to dissolve the pan deposits. With a whisk, stir in the cream. Reduce the heat to maintain a bare simmer and, a piece at a time, whisk in the butter until it melts. Continue cooking until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Turn off the heat and stir in the mustard and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the sauce to a small saucepan to keep it warm.nUncover the New York strip and transfer it to a cutting board. Pour any juices that have collected on the platter into the sauce, stirring it in. With a sharp knife, cut the meat across the grain into slices about 12inch thick, arranging them overlapping on the platter. Ladle a little sauce over the meat and pass the rest alongside., ingredients: [1 whole New York strip, about 5 pounds, well trimmed of excess fat and silverskin, trimmings reserved, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 1 cup port wine, 1 cup beef stock, veal stock, or chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 tablespoons grainy Meaux mustard or smooth Dijon mustard, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper], title: Roasted New York Strip Steak with Port Wine Mustard Sauce, picturelink: 9qt.3el.NMQqEV7nKEzUiUZOoaKKque}, 19970: {instructions: Heat a sturdy cast iron pan or griddle over mediumhigh heat. When the griddle is hot, place 1 tortilla on the griddle and sprinkle 18 of the cheese on tortilla. Top with 14 of the chicken mixture, 14 of the avocado, 14 of the green chiles, and 14 of the cilantro, and another 18 of the cheese. Top with another tortilla. When cheese begins to melt, flip with wide spatula and continue cooking until cheese is melted. Remove from griddle to cutting board. Cut into 4 pieces. Repeat process 3 more times. Serve with fatfree sour cream on the side., ingredients: [8 6inch corn tortillas, 6 ounces lowfat Monterey jack cheese, 8 ounces smoked chicken breast, cubed, 1 ripe avocado, diced small, 1 cup green chiles, drained, 4 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 4 ounces fatfree sour cream], title: Chicken and Avocado Quesadilla, picturelink: pRE41GTaS3XxlH38PSN73eDHq0dHSDe}, 19971: {instructions: In a large chili pot, brown the pork in suet. Add the onions chicken broth to the pot and simmer for 1 hour.nAdd garlic, chicken base, oregano, cornstarch, and cumin. Cook until the meat is tender, about 30 minutes to one hour. Add water as needed to keep meat covered.nAdd hot green chiles and powdered green chiles, cook for 20 minutes. Add green chiles, powdered jalapenos, salsa verde, Mexican sauce, cumin, and cilantro, cook for 10 more minutes. Adjust seasoning and consistency, making sure its thick enough., ingredients: [2 pounds lean pork, cut into 38 to 12inch cubes, 2 tablespoons pork suet, can substitute lard or vegetable oil, 1 cup chopped onions, 1 2quart can chicken broth, 1 12 teaspoons granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons powdered chicken base, 1 teaspoon ground oregano, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 6 ounces hot green chiles, 2 tablespoons powdered green chiles, 13 ounces green chiles, cut into 38inch cubes, 14 teaspoon powdered green jalapeno, 8 ounces salsa verde, 8 ounces green Mexican sauce, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 cup cilantro leaves, chopped], title: Jerry Simmons Chili Verde, picturelink: null}, 19972: {instructions: Special equipment: a bundt pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a bundt pan.nMix together the orange zest and juice, orange liqueur and eggs in a large bowl and set aside. In a smaller bowl, toss the cranberries with 1 tablespoon of the flour and set aside.nIn a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, add the sugar, baking powder, salt, baking soda and remaining 2 12 cups flour and mix to combine. On low speed, slowly add the butter 1 tablespoon at a time and continue to mix until a peasized crumble texture is achieved. Turn the speed to medium and slowly stream in the eggorange mixture until combined. Increase the speed to medium high and beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Gently fold in the cranberry mixture. Pour the batter into the prepared bundt pan and smooth out the top.nBake until a cake tester inserted in the cake comes out clean, 50 to 55 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 20 to 30 minutes, then remove the cake and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, oil or butter, for greasing the pan, 2 12 cups plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring the pan, 2 12 tablespoons orange zest plus 34 cup fresh orange juice from about 2 oranges, 2 teaspoons orange liqueur, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup fresh cranberries, 2 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 14 sticks 18 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: OrangeCranberry Bundt Cake, picturelink: XAYitQrRehKPHFlbdFiDP1xREaQXq6}, 19973: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter, peanut butter, and sugars together until light and fluffy. Add egg and vanilla, and mix on medium speed until combined. Sift flour and baking soda together, and add to butter mixture, beating just to combine. Fold in chocolate chunks.nUsing a 1 12ounce icecream scoop, form dough, and place on a baking sheet lined with a silpat or parchment paper, pressing down slightly to flatten. Bake until golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Store in an airtight container up to 1 week., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 34 cup smooth peanut butter, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup darkbrown sugar, tightly packed, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped], title: Peanut Butter Chocolate Chunk Cookies, picturelink: null}, 19974: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place squash, flesh side down in a baking dish and fill with 12inch of water. Bake for one hour or until tender. Scoop out squash flesh to a bowl. Mash squash with butter, sugar and salt and pepper. Serve with extra butter., ingredients: [2 acorn squash, split in half, Water, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper], title: Baked Acorn Squash, picturelink: null}, 19975: {instructions: Thoroughly clean the outside of the pumpkin. Cut off top of pumpkin to make a lid. Remove the seeds and scrape out any stringy pulp. Combine stuffing ingredients and mix well in a bowl. Fill the pumpkin with the stuffing. Be sure to leave some space at top. Cover with lid, and bake on an oiled cookie sheet for 50 minutes at 400 degrees. Lower the temperature to 375 degrees for 40 minutes or until the stuffing sets. The stuffing is set when a fork is inserted in the center and comes out clean.nCut the pumpkin into eight sections and serve the wedges topped with either cranberry sauce or gravy, ingredients: [1 medium sized pumpkin, about 6 inches in diameter, 3 cups cornmeal, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 1 12 cup water, 1 12 large eggs, 9 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Stuffed Pumpkins, picturelink: null}, 19976: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nMix the salt, seeds, onion and herbs on shallow plate then coat the chicken tenders in mixture and bake on nonstick baking sheet 18 to 20 minutes until golden and firm. Turn halfway through the cooking.nCombine the shallots with the sherry vinegar.nDab, spoon or dip the vinegar over the sticks as you dine., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coarse sea salt, 12 cup sesame seeds, 4 tablespoons dried minced onion, 4 tablespoons dried herbes de Provence, 2 packages, 1 12 to 2 pounds, chicken tenders, 1 large shallot, minced, 12 cup sherry vinegar], title: Sesame and Herbes de Provence Chicken Tenders, picturelink: DmI8CVfCdbStSnvsfvMYvLxs1x6ErW}, 19977: {instructions: For bechamel sauce: In a heavy sauce pan over moderately low heat melt butter. Whisk in flour and cook roux, whisking, 3 minutes. Whisk in milk and simmer sauce, stirring, about 8 minutes. In a bowl whisk eggs and add 1 cup sauce in a stream, whisking. Whisk egg mixture into remaining sauce and whisk in dill, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste. Keep bechamel warm, its surface covered with plastic wrap.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a pot of boiling salted water cook penne until al dente. Rinse penne in colander and drain well.nIn a bowl stir together pot roast meat, beef broth, and gravy. In a buttered shallow 2quart baking dish spread half of pasta evenly and spread beef mixture evenly over it. Top evenly with remaining pasta and pour bechamel over pasta. Sprinkle pastitsio with cheese and bake in middle of oven until bechamel is set, about 40 minutes., ingredients: [12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup all purpose flour, 3 cups milk, heated, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, 34 pound penne, 2 cups chopped pot roast, 12 cup beef broth, 12 cup pot roast gravy, 12 cup grated Kefalotyri or Parmesan cheese about 2 ounces], title: Pastitsio, picturelink: null}, 19978: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl whisk together the flours, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In another bowl, beat together the buttermilk, nonfat milk, honey, eggs, and oil. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients, mixing only enough to combine them. Stir in 1 cup of berries.nPreheat a large nonstick griddle or skillet over a medium flame. Ladle the batter onto the skillet with a 14cup measure. Flip the pancake when it is golden brown on the bottom and bubbles are forming on top, about 1 12 minutes. Cook the other side until golden brown, about 1 12 minutes. Serve topped with more blueberries and the maple syrup., ingredients: [34 cup buckwheat flour, 34 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 34 cup nonfat milk, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cups blueberries, divided, 12 cup real maple syrup], title: Blueberry Buckwheat Pancakes, picturelink: .46KhkzHdbUnRw7BFM1DamQPhMw9WIa}, 19979: {instructions: In a mixer with the paddle attachment, mix the flour, sugar, and salt well. Then add oil and water until dough forms. Roll dough out 18thick. With a 3inch ring, cut out circles of dough. In a bowl mix guava jelly, mango, mint and lemon juice well. Spoon a little guava filling in the center of a circle of dough. Fold over the sides and brush with a little egg wash. Crimp the edges. Repeat process until all dough and filling is used. Fry empanadas in 375 degree oil until golden. Drain on paper towels. Serve with whipping cream., ingredients: [1 teaspoon oil, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups flour, 34 cup water, 8 ounces guava jelly, 12 cup sliced mango, 1 tablespoon mint chiffonade, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Guava Empanadas: Empanadas de Guava, picturelink: null}, 19980: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the oil onion and green pepper. Saute until the vegetables are soft. Add the pineapple, the salt and the pepper. Cook over medium heat, uncovered, until the liquid reduces, about 30 minutes.nDeglaze the saucepan with the vinegar and add the lime zest, mustard and garlic. Cook uncovered over low heat until the liquid is reduced again, about 20 minutes more. Transfer to a bowl, let cool then refrigerate, covered, until ready to use. Aloha, ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil, 1 cup diced sweet onion, 14 cup diced green pepper, 1 20ounce can crushed pineapple, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 13 cup cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon fresh lime zest, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 clove garlic, chopped], title: Pineapple Relish, picturelink: null}, 19981: {instructions: Coat a large highsided saute pan over mediumhigh heat, with the olive oil. Add the lentils, garlic cloves and bay leaves with 4 cups water or just enough to cover. Bring the water to a simmer and lower the heat. Simmer the lentils, uncovered, until they are tender, about 25 to 30 minutes. Chefs Note: If you need to add more water for the lentils to finish cooking, add a little at a time. There will be more flavor in the lentils if you cook them and end up with very little liquid at the end of the process. The flavor will be in the lentils instead of down the drain with the discarded cooking liquid Once they are cooked but still somewhat al dente, set them aside to cool. Remove and discard the garlic cloves and the bay leaves. Season with just a touch of salt and pepper, to taste. Retaste, but hold off on reseasoning until serving.nAdd the duck fat to a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions, season with salt, to taste, and allow them to caramelize.nWhen you are ready to serve add the lentils to the sauteed cipollini onions. Stir to coat the lentils with the duck fat. Taste and season with salt, if needed, and stir in the vinegar. Transfer the lentil mixture to a serving bowl and serve with duck and green peppercorn glaze, if desired., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound brown or green lentils, rinsed, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, 3 bay leaves, fresh or dried, 4 cups water, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cipollini or pearl onions, stemmed and peeled, 14 cup duck fat, 14 to 12 cup champagne vinegar, if desired], title: Braised Lentils with Cipollini Onions, picturelink: 9RHjrvxmsFbviVoVNU4IvZSFAn6YA4G}, 19982: {instructions: Soak cranberry beans overnight and keep in refrigerator until ready to use.nDrain the soaked cranberry beans and add to a large pot with about 5 cups of water. Bring to a simmer and cook slowly until the beans are just tender. Drain and reserve.nMeanwhile in another large pot heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over medium heat. Add the diced onion, carrot, celery and minced garlic to the pot along with the pieces of grilled pancetta. Season with salt and pepper and cook the vegetables with the pancetta until soft and caramelized, about 5 to 7 minutes.nAdd the chopped grilled tomatoes to the vegetables and cook for another 3 minutes, breaking the tomatoes up while cooking. Add the thyme, bay leaves, and the veal stock. Let the stock come to a simmer and let reduce by about 20 about 1015 minutes.nAdd the cranberry beans, black eyed peas, and French flagelot beans to the pot and let simmer slowly for about 1015 minutes more. Finally, add the fava beans and peas and stir in to warm up. Season with gray salt and pepper and finish by drizzling in all of the remaining olive oil., ingredients: [12 pound dried cranberry beanssoaked overnight, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup diced onion, 12 cup diced celery, 12 cup diced carrot, 3 cloves minced garlic, 14 pound pancetta grilled and cut into 4 pieces, Gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 tomatoes halved, seeded, grilled, and then chopped, 1 tablespoon minced thyme, 1 bay leaves, 1 quart veal stock or beef broth, 1 cup canned black eyed peas, 1 cup canned green French flagelot beans, 1 cup blanched fava beans, 1 cup blanched peas], title: Shelling Bean Stew, picturelink: null}, 19983: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a large saute pan set over mediumhigh heat, heat the oil. Add the curry powder and toast until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the potato and onion and stir to coat with the curry oil. Cover and cook until the vegetables start to soften, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic, ginger and chile and cook for 1 more minute. Stir in the peas and season with salt and pepper.nIn a small bowl, whisk the egg with 2 teaspoons water to make an egg wash.nOn a floured work surface, gently roll out the puff pastry sheets, removing any fold marks but keeping the same general size and shape of the sheets. Using a medium 3inch circular biscuit cutter or cookie cutter, cut out 9 large rounds per sheet, 18 all together between the 2 sheets of pastry.nOn the bottom half of each of the rounds, spoon a heaping tablespoon of the curry mixture. Brush the edges of each round with some egg wash. Fold the pastry over the filling, seal the edges with your fingers and then crimp them with the tines of a fork. Repeat with remaining pastry and filling. Brush each one with some of the remaining egg wash and transfer the puffs to the prepared baking sheets.nBake the curry puffs until they have puffed and are golden brown, about 20 minutes. Cool slightly before serving. Best if served shortly after being made., ingredients: [1 medium potato about 12 pound, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 12 large yellow onion, roughly chopped about 34 cup, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 teaspoons peeled, minced fresh ginger, 12 serrano chile, minced, 12 cup frozen petite peas, thawed, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 large egg, Flour, for dusting, One 17.3ounce box frozen puff pastry, thawed, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons curry powder], title: Curry Puffs, picturelink: null}, 19984: {instructions: Heat oven to 500 degrees F and arrange rack in upper third.nPlace chiles on a baking sheet and roast until blackened and soft, about 10 to 15 minutes. Trim chiles and remove seeds.nCombine chiles, garlic, paprika, lime juice, and vinegar in a blender and blend until smooth and combined, about 1 minute. Add olive oil and blend until thoroughly incorporated and marinade thickens slightly.nCombine marinade and shrimp in a medium nonreactive bowl and toss to coat. Let marinate 20 minutes to 24 hours in the refrigerator.nHeat a large cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat. When heated, add half the shrimp and cook until white with a few brown spots, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a serving plate and season with salt. Repeat to cook off all shrimp.nToss shrimp with cilantro and serve with lime wedges over rice., ingredients: [3 medium serrano chiles, 4 medium cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon paprika, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 13 cup olive oil, 1 12 pounds uncooked, deveined, and peeled shrimp, tails left on about 40, Salt, 13 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Lime wedges, for serving, White rice, for serving], title: Shrimp Piri Piri, picturelink: 1mgz8VzS1S3jHGZJaQwdaJ4vCe4U9q}, 19985: {instructions: Pour 13 cup almond milk into a small bowl and stir in gelatin set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, stir together heavy cream, remaining almond milk, and sugar. Bring to boil over medium heat, watching carefully as the cream will quickly rise to the top of the pan.nPour gelatin and almond milk into cream mixture and stir until gelatin is completely dissolved. Add 12 teaspoon almond extract and vanilla extract and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and pour into 6 4ounce individual ramekins.nLeave ramekins uncovered at room temperature to cool. When cool, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours can be left overnight.nTo remove, run a knife around the sides of each ramekin and invert over a serving plate.nIn a small bowl, combine 14 cup chocolate fudge syrup with 14 teaspoon almond extract. Drizzle over the top of the panna cottas to decorate top, as desired., ingredients: [1 cup almond milk, divided, 1 14ounce package unflavored gelatin, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon plus 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup chocolate fudge syrup, for garnish], title: VanillaAlmond Panna Cotta, picturelink: Fzycqj7BdODFby4mzf5etNYt6yLKcm}, 19986: {instructions: Place peppers and coarsely chopped tomato in food processor with bread, pine nuts, garlic, rosemary, chopped parsley and vinegar. Turn processor on and stream in 14 to 13 cup extravirgin olive oil to form a thick sauce.nPlace 2 tablespoons olive oil into a shallow saute pan and add the rosemary sprig. This will infuse the oil before adding the fish.nSeason snapper with salt and pepper and score skin side with cross hatches. Dredge the fish in flour and cook in the rosemaryinfused olive oil for 7 to 8 minutes until crispy and golden on both sides. Serve fish in a pool of the sauce., ingredients: [1 jar roasted red peppers, 1 large plum tomato, coarsely chopped, 2 slices stale bread, torn, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 1 clove garlic, grated or finely chopped, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped, plus 1 sprig, A few parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, 14 to 13 cup extravirgin olive oil plus 2 tablespoons, 4 filets of red snapper 6 to 8ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, for dredging], title: Romanesco Italian Romesco with Red Snapper, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 19987: {instructions: Combine the eggs and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl and whisk to combine set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Sprinkle the potatoes with salt and add to the skillet in a single even layer. Cook until golden and crispy on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Flip with a heatproof spatula and drizzle 2 more tablespoons oil around the edge of the skillet, giving the skillet a good shake once all the oil is in. This allows you to use less oil while still getting a crispy potato cake. Continue cooking until golden and crispy on the bottom, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, spread 4 tortillas out on a clean work surface and put 12 cup cheese in the middle of each. Using the spatula, break the potato cake into 4 pieces and place on top of the cheese. Wipe the skillet out, return to the heat and add 1 tablespoon oil, then the onion and poblanos. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until wilted and golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the spinach and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. Stir in the eggs and cook, stirring occasionally, until the eggs are just set but still moist, 3 to 4 minutes. Divide the egg mixture evenly among the tortillas and wipe out the skillet. Return the skillet to the heat and reduce it to mediumlow.nFold the sides of each tortilla in, then roll each one up into a burrito. Brush the burritos all over with the remaining tablespoon oil and put them in the skillet seamside down. Cook until golden and crispy, about 4 minutes, then flip and repeat on the opposite side. Serve with sour cream and hot sauce on the side., ingredients: [8 large eggs, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 russet potatoes about 1 14 pounds, grated and squeezed dry, 4 large flour tortillas, 2 cups grated Oaxaca cheese about 7 78 ounces, 1 small white onion, sliced, 2 poblano chiles, halved, seeded and thinly sliced, One 10ounce box chopped frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, Sour cream and hot sauce, for serving], title: Mexican Breakfast Burrito, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 19988: {instructions: Heat grill pan or nonstick skillet over high heat. Spray the pan with cooking spray. Place fish on grill, season with salt and pepper and cook 5 minutes on each side, until opaque.nArrange lettuce leaves on a platter. Place jalapeno in a food processor with cilantro, mint, mustard and vinegar. Turn processor on and stream in oil. Season sauce with salt and pepper.nTake the fish off grill and place on a serving plate. Break the fish into chunks and squeeze lime juice over fish. Add a few dashes hot sauce to the fish.nPile fish in lettuce leaves and top with sauce and chopped red onions., ingredients: [2 pounds grouper fish fillets, Cooking spray, Salt and pepper, 1 lime, Hot sauce, Bib or green leaf lettuce leaves, for wrapping, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 1 cup cilantro leaves, 3 sprigs fresh mint, 3 tablespoons grainy mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 red onion, finely chopped], title: Pacos Fish Tacos in Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: null}, 19989: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. High Altitude 35006500 ft: No change. Spray large cookie sheets with cooking spray. Open can of dough do not unroll. With serrated knife, cut dough into 16 slices. Flatten to 2inch circles. In small bowl, mix 1 tablespoon olive oil and the garlic brush on tops of dough circles. Place on cookie sheet. Bake 10 to 15 minutes or until deep golden brown. Meanwhile, in small bowl, mix remaining ingredients. Spoon slightly less than 1 tablespoon tomato mixture on each crostini. Serve immediately.nCrostini: Calories 70 Calories from Fat 35 Total Fat 4g Saturated Fat 1.5g, Trans Fat 0g, Polyunsaturated Fat 0g Cholesterol 0mg Sodium 190mg Potassium 10mg Total Carbohydrate 6g Dietary Fiber 0g, Soluble Fiber 0g, Insoluble Fiber 0g, Sugars 1g Protein 1gn16  Daily Value: Total Fat 6 Saturated Fat 7 Cholesterol 0 Sodium 8 Potassium 0 Total Carbohydrate 2 Dietary Fiber 0 Vitamin A 0 Vitamin C 0 Vitamin D 0 Riboflavin 0, ingredients: [1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creations refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 medium plum Roma tomato, seeded and chopped, 14 cup chopped pitted kalamata olives, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper], title: Feta and Tomato Crostini, picturelink: 8Hw4wT36N9SoooUIlmFFRiter.Fv6YG}, 19990: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a large enameled casserole. Add onions, carrots, celery and garlic. Cover and simmer, stirring on occasion, for 10 minutes or until really tender. Add the white wine and reduce by half. Add the tomatoes and their juices and simmer for 20 minutes to mellow the flavor. Add the mussels, cover the casserole and cook over high heat until they open. Discard unopened mussels. Spoon mussels and their liquid in deep bowls and garnish with basil. Could also serve over pasta or rice or with a potato salad., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup each finely diced onions, carrots and celery, 2 cloves minced garlic, 2 pounds large mussels, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups canned Italian plum tomatoes, chopped, juices reserved, Chiffonade of basil, Salt and pepper], title: Tomato Mussel Soup, picturelink: null}, 19991: {instructions: Make sure there are no seeds in oranges. Cut the oranges into quarters and then chop them up roughly. Either in a meat grinder or in a food processor chop the raw cranberries and oranges. Transfer to glass or ceramic serving bowl and add the sugar. Cover with plastic and let stand for 24 hours. Refrigerate after that this will keep for 2 weeks. Leftovers can be combined with mayonnaise and used as a dressing for leftover turkey sandwiches., ingredients: [1 bag 12 ounces whole fresh cranberries, well washed and patted dry, 1 thin skinned, seedless oranges, well washed and dried, 1 cup sugar], title: Uncooked Cranberry and Orange Relish, picturelink: null}, 19992: {instructions: Put the beer and honey to a medium saucepan and reduce over medium heat until you have about 13 cup of liquid. You will occasionally have to skim the foam off the top of the beer. You will know you have hit 13 of a cup of liquid as the liquid will suddenly begin to aggressively foam due to the high concentration of sugar This looks different from foaming due to carbon dioxide, the bubbles are much larger with the sugar foaming. Let this reduction cool to room temperature.nCream the butter and sugar together. Add the egg and blend thoroughly. Then add the vanilla, orange zest, coriander, and beer reduction and blend again. Mix the flour and baking soda together then slowly add to the batter.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a uniform scoop I use a 1ounce disher scoop mounds of cookies onto an aluminum cookie sheet lined with parchment. Make sure you do not overcrowd the cookies you should be able to fit about 12 cookies on a half sheet pan. Bake for 20 minutes depending on your oven it may take more or less time, for some ovens it could take 15 minutes for others it could take 25 20 minutes is an average time.nLet the cookies cool on the cookie sheet until they are cool enough about 10 minutes to transfer to wire racks to cool completely.nOptional Icing: Using the icing ingredients whisk the vanilla into the sugar. Mix the orange juice and milk together. Add milk and orange juice mixture until you reach the consistency of a thick paste you should only need to add 1 tablespoon of the mixture half of what you made. Using a butter knife put a dollop of icing on each cool cookie and spread it over the top. Put a small piece of orange zest from the bar grater as garnish, if desired. Let the icing harden to desired hardness and consume or store., ingredients: [2 bottles 12 ounces each Belgian style white beer recommended: Hoegaarden, 5 tablespoons honey, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups powdered sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 medium orange, zested, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 tablespoon whole milk, 1 orange zested using a bar grater, optional], title: White Beer Cookies, picturelink: null}, 19993: {instructions: Heat the oil in a saute pan and gently cook the garlic and onions until soft. Add the red peppers, 23 cup150 ml of the stock and the tomato paste. Season with salt, black pepper and piment despelette. Simmer until the vegetables are tender and the liquid has completely evaporated. Puree with an immersion blender and transfer to a metal or glass bowl.nStir the gelatin into the remaining stock in a small saucepan and heat, stirring to dissolve. Mix it well into the puree. Set the mixture on a bed of ice and cool until the mixture mounds when dropped from a spoon. Check the seasonings, adding lemon for acidity if needed. The mixture should be highly seasoned because the cream, once added, will dilute the taste a bit.nWhip the cream and gently fold it in. Pour the mixture into a mold, cover and chill until serving, at least 4 hours., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 onions, diced, 4 roasted red peppers, peeled, seeded and finely chopped, 2 cups250 ml chicken or vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch piment despelette or cayenne pepper, 4 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, Squirt of lemon juice, 1 cup250 ml heavy cream], title: Roasted Red Pepper Mousse, picturelink: null}, 19994: {instructions: To make the coulis: Heat the canola oil over medium heat in a medium saucepan. Add the shallots, ginger, and garlic and cook, stirring frequently until the shallots are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the sesame oil, plum wine, lobster stock, coconut milk, sweet chili sauce, and simmer until the flavors blend and the mixture reduces by about onequarter, about 8 minutes. Add the mango puree and season with lime juice and salt. Simmer for another 3 to 5 minutes then strain and set aside in a warm place.nTo make the crust: In a spice grinder or mortar, grind the mustard and coriander seeds with the peppercorns and wasabi peas. Adjust the seasoning with wasabi powder and salt.nShortly before serving roll the scallops in the crust. Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallops and cook until they begin to crisp then flip. Cook the scallops until they are crisp on all sides. Spoon the scallops onto warm plates. Spoon coulis around the scallops and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 cup minced shallot, 3 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 cup plum wine or dry sherry, 2 cups lobster stock, fish stock, or chicken stock, 20 ounces unsweetened coconut milk, 2 tablespoons sweet chile sauce, 3 cups mango puree, or 5 very ripe mangos peeled and pureed, 2 limes, juiced, Kosher salt, 14 cup whole mustard seeds, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 3 cups wasabi peas, Wasabi powder, Kosher salt, 12 large sea scallops, Vegetable oil, for searing], title: Wasabi Crusted Scallops, picturelink: .fMDutNVyELtooDLH5aV6X6DLCvMCq}, 19995: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 3quart casserole dish set aside. Place bread in a medium bowl. In a small saucepan over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons butter. Pour butter into the bowl with bread, and toss. Set bread crumbs aside. In a medium saucepan set over medium heat, heat milk. Melt remaining 6 tablespoons butter in a highsided skillet over medium heat. When butter bubbles, add flour. Cook, whisking, 1 minute. While whisking, slowly pour in hot milk. Continue cooking, whisking constantly, until the mixture bubbles and becomes thick. Remove pan from heat. Stir in salt, nutmeg, black pepper, cayenne pepper, 3 cups cheddar cheese, and 1 12 cups Gruyere or 1 cup Pecorino Romano set cheese sauce aside. Fill a large saucepan with water bring to a boil. Add macaroni cook 2 to 3 minutes less than manufacturers directions, until the outside of pasta is cooked and the inside is underdone. Different brands of macaroni cook at different rates be sure to read the instructions. Transfer macaroni to a colander, rinse under cold running water, and drain well. Stir macaroni into the reserved cheese sauce. Pour mixture into prepared dish. Sprinkle remaining 1 12 cups cheddar cheese, 12 cup Gruyere or 14 cup Pecorino Romano, and bread crumbs over top. Bake until browned on top, about 30 minutes. Transfer dish to a wire rack to cool 5 minutes serve hot., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for dish, 6 slices good white bread, crusts removed, torn into 14 to 12inch pieces, 5 12 cups milk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 4 12 cups grated sharp white cheddar cheese about 18 ounces, 2 cups grated Gruyere cheese about 8 ounces or 1 14 cups grated Pecorino Romano about 5 ounces, 1 pound elbow macaroni], title: Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 19996: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan bring the cream to a boil with the butter, add the brown sugar and simmer the mixture, stirring, until the brown sugar is dissolved. Add the chocolate and the salt and heat the mixture over low heat, whisking, until the chocolate is melted and the sauce is smooth. Stir in the peppermint candy and serve the sauce warm over ice cream., ingredients: [23 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped fine, 18 teaspoon salt, 12 cup coarsely crushed peppermint sticks or peppermint candies], title: Hot Fudge Peppermint Stick Sauce, picturelink: null}, 19997: {instructions: In large, nonstick skillet, add oil and heat over medium heat to high heat. Add onions and saute until soft, about 3 minutes. Add curry powder, pepper, salt, ginger, cumin and cook about 1 minute. Add the bay leaves and the vegetables. Cover with the juice and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove cover and continue cooking a few more minutes to remove some of the liquid. Remove bay leaves before serving with rice. yield : 6 servingsnserve with rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 bay leaves, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 12 cup sliced snow peas or sugar snap peas, 12 pound green beans, sliced into 1inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 yellow bell pepper, chopped, 12 pound broccoli florets, cut into 14inch pieces, 12 pound zucchini chopped, 3 celery stalks, chopped, 12 cup lemon juice], title: Vegetable Curry, picturelink: null}, 19998: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large serving bowl, toss together the corn, apples, fennel, and onion. Reserve 1 cup of the mixture for the Corn Puddings recipe. Add the parsley and cumin and season with salt and pepper, to taste. In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, and oil. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the vinaigrette for the Round 2 Salad recipe. Add the dressing to the vegetables and toss well to coat., ingredients: [2 cups frozen corn, thawed, 1 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and chopped, 1 fennel bulb, quartered, cored, and thinly sliced, 12 medium red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 14 cup canola oil], title: Corn Salad, picturelink: guRQ1aQcEzDz4hS9MeIJEkyUDE1aEi}, 19999: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 9inchround cake pans with wax paper or parchment and coat with cooking spray. Prepare the cake mix as the label directs divide between the pans. Bake as directed.nLet the cakes cool about 15 minutes in the pans, then remove to a rack and cool completely. Using a small serrated knife, trim the top edge of each cake at an angle to give it a rounded shape.nPut 1 cake layer on wax paper or parchment, trimmedside down. Spread with frosting top with the other cake, trimmedside up. Cover the whole cake with frosting, reserving 1 cup. Freeze at least 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the sugared grapes: Brush the grapes with the beaten egg white, then spoon the granulated sugar on top. Let dry at least 1 hour at room temperature.nDust a work surface with confectioners sugar. Roll out onequarter of the fondant until about 18 inch thick, dusting with more confectioners sugar as needed.nCut out an 8inch circle of fondant and place on a sheet of wax paper or parchment. Center the cake on top.nAdd the scraps to the remaining fondant and roll out into a 13inch circle, about 18 inch thick. Drape the fondant over the cake to cover completely.nSmooth the fondant with your hands and tuck it in at the base of the cake trim the excess with a knife. Cut out a wedge of the cake.nTint the reserved 1 cup frosting pale yellow with food coloring spread on the cut sides of the cake. Rub the vegetable oil all over the fondant. Arrange on a boardwith the cookies and grapes.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [Butter cookies, for serving, Cooking spray, 1 16.5ounce box yellow cake mix plus required ingredients, 1 16ounce tub plus 1 cup vanilla frosting, 1 bunch grapes, cut into clusters, 1 large pasteurized egg white, lightly beaten, 34 cup granulated sugar, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 1 24ounce package rolled red fondant, Yellow food coloring, for tinting, 1 to 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Cheese Wheel Cake, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}, 20000: {instructions: Using a melon baller, scoop the gelato into 48 1inch balls. Transfer the balls of gelato to a small tray and keep the gelato in the freezer until ready to serve.nWhen ready to serve, cut the ladyfingers in half lengthwise. Spread the nutella on both sides of the split ladyfingers. Place 3 scoops of gelato on the bottom half of the ladyfinger. Top with slices of strawberry and mint leaves. Place the top ladyfinger over to make a sandwich. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups chocolate gelato or ice cream, 16 storebought sponge ladyfingers, 12 cup nutella, 10 strawberries, hulled and thinly sliced, 32 fresh mint leaves], title: Chocolate Gelato Baguettes, picturelink: null}, 20001: {instructions: The meat: Trim most of the fat from the meat it is strong tasting if it is a goat hindquarter, cut into 2 pieces with a cleaver, severing it through the joint at the top of the leg. Place in a large noncorrosive dish.nThe chile marinade: Heat a griddle or heavy skillet over medium heat. Tear the chiles into flat pieces and toast them a few at a time, pressing them against the hot surface with a metal spatula until they crackle and blister, then flipping them over and pressing them again. Cover with boiling water, weight with a plate to keep them submerged and soak 30 minutes. Roast the garlic on the hot griddle or skillet, turning frequently, until soft inside and blackened outside, about 15 minutes. Cool and peel.nDrain the chiles and place in a blender jar with garlic, 14 teaspoon clove, 2 teaspoons lightly toasted sesame seeds and vinegar. Pulverize the cumin and peppercorns in a mortar or spice grinder, and add to the blender along with the salt and 34 cup water. Blend until smooth, then strain through a mediummesh sieve. Remove 12 cup, stir in the sugar, cover and set aside for the final glazing. Spread the rest of the chile paste over the meat, cover and refrigerate overnight at least 18 hours.nSlowsteaming: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Set a roasting rack into a deep, wide kettle, a roasting pan with a rack or a stockpot. If it doesnt sit at least 1inch above the bottom of the pot, prop it up on custard cups, tin cans or the like. Measure in 4 cups of water, then lay the marinated meat on the rack and spread any remaining marinade over it.nAdd water to the masa or masa harina mixture to make a soft dough. Roll tennis ballsize pieces between your palms to make 34inch ropes, then press them gently all around the top edge of your pot. Set the lid in place and press it into the masa to seal. Bake for 4 hours.nFinishing the broth: Break the seal by tapping the hardened masa with the back of a cleaver or mallet, and take off the lid then carefully remove the tender meat. Take out the rack, spoon the fat off the broth, then measure it. You need at least 1 quart, if necessary, add water to bring it to that level. Pour the broth into a small saucepan. Puree the tomato in a blender or food processor, add it to the broth along with the oregano, cover and simmer over mediumlow heat for 45 minutes. Season with salt.nGlazing and serving the birria: Shortly before serving, remove the bones, large pieces of gristle and excess fat from the meat, keeping the pieces of meat as large as possible. Set the meat on a baking sheet, brush lightly with the reserved chile paste glaze, then bake for 10 minutes to set the glaze.nEither present the meat on a large platter and pass the warm broth separately, or slice the meat across the grain and serve it in deep plates, awash in the broth. Mix the onion and fresh coriander, and pass it with the lime at the table.nSuggested Drink: Triple Distilled Perfidia Plata Tequila Sol Beer Sangrita, ingredients: [One 5pound piece of goat, preferably a hind quarter, 12 large about 3 ounces total dried chiles guajillos, stemmed, seeded and deveined, 6 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 14 teaspoon clove, 2 teaspoons lightly toasted sesame seeds, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, A scant 14 teaspoon cumin seeds or a generous 14 teaspoon ground, A scant 12 teaspoon black peppercorns or about 34 teaspoon ground, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup water, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 pound fresh masa or 1 34 cups masa harina mixed with 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons hot tap water, 1 ripe, large tomato, roasted or boiled, cored and peeled or 34 15ounce can tomatoes, drained, 1 teaspoon oregano, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 bay leaves, 1 small onion, chopped into 18inch dice, 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh coriander cilantro, coarsely chopped, 2 small limes, quartered], title: Birria, picturelink: null}, 20002: {instructions: Line 2 large wineglasses with ladyfingers all along the inside perimeter of the glass.nIn a bowl, mix the melted ice cream and the liqueur. Drop some raspberries in the bottom of each glass. Top with onequarter of the ice cream mixture per glass. Add another layer of raspberries, then more ice cream mixture, and then make the last layer raspberries.nTop with whipped cream, if using., ingredients: [12 ladyfingers, 2 cups melted vanilla ice cream, 4 tablespoons orange flavored liqueur, 1 cup raspberries, Whipped cream, as a garnish, optional], title: Ladyfinger Parfaits, picturelink: nA7V5iQqaFcIEQQ0MKqVdUioieXjPu}, 20003: {instructions: Prepare the kebabs: Combine the cumin, smoked paprika, red pepper flakes, garlic, lemon zest and juice, and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Stir in the olive oil to make a loose paste. Add the pork and toss to completely coat. Let sit at room temperature for up to 2 hours or refrigerate overnight.nMake the romesco sauce: Coat a skillet with the olive oil, place over medium heat and add the garlic and red pepper flakes. When the garlic starts to turn golden, add the tomato and piquillo peppers. Season with salt and cook until the tomato is soft and mushy, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat let cool. Preheat a grill to medium. Grill the bread on both sides until toasted. Let cool cut into cubes. Pulse the almonds and bread cubes in a food processor to form a coarse paste. Add the cooked tomato mixture and toss in the saffron, vinegar and parsley. Pulse to puree. Taste and season with salt, if needed. Add a couple tablespoons of olive oil or water if the mixture is really thick. Skewer the pork to make kebabs, putting 4 or 5 pieces of meat on each skewer. Its OK if the meat is touching, but do it loosely so the heat reaches all sides of the meat and the pork cooks evenly. Brush the grill with a wire brush and then rub down with an oiled paper towel. Grill the skewers on all sides so each side gets nice and brown brown food tastes good, 5 to 8 minutes total. Transfer the kebabs to a platter and let rest 5 to 10 minutes. Serve with the romesco sauce. Photograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon cumin seeds, toasted and finely ground, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more if necessary, 2 pounds pork loin, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more if necessary, 2 small cloves garlic, smashed, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 beefsteak tomato, coarsely chopped, 12 10ounce jar piquillo peppers, coarsely chopped, Kosher salt, 1 12inchthick slice stale bread, 14 cup marcona or blanched almonds, Small pinch of saffron, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Pork Kebabs With Romesco Sauce, picturelink: ZEbq2hHmVxlpCzr4qzcoC5r1lCkvatS}, 20004: {instructions: Combine lettuce, salami, chopped hot pickled vegetables, olives, red peppers and artichoke hearts. Drizzle vinegar and oil over the salad. Toss salad and season with salt and pepper, to your taste., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine lettuce, chopped, 12 pound Genoa salami, ask for it in 1 chunk at deli counter, diced, 2 cups pickled hot vegetable salad, Giardiniera, coarsely chopped, 12 pitted black olives, coarsely chopped, such as kalamata, 12 jumbo green olives, pitted, coarsely chopped, 1 small jar, 8 ounces, roasted red peppers, drained and diced, 1 small jar, 6 ounces, marinated artichoke hearts, drained, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, eyeball it, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and pepper], title: Antipasto Salad, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 20005: {instructions: Remove the package of the giblets and neck from the turkey cavity. Rinse the turkey with cold water and pat dry with a paper towel. Tie the ends of the drumsticks together.nPlace the turkey, breast sideup, on a rack in a shallow roasting pan. Brush the turkey with the stock. Insert a meat thermometer into the thickest part of the meat, making sure the thermometer is not touching the bone.nRoast at 325 degrees F for 3 to 3 12 hours or until the thermometer reads 180 degrees F and the drumstick moves easily, basting occasionally with the stock. Begin checking for doneness after 2 12 hours of cooking time. Let stand for 10 minutes.nRemove the turkey from the roasting pan. Pour off any fat. Stir the stock and flour in a small bowl until the mixture is smooth. Stir the stock mixture in the pan. Cook and stir over medium heat until the mixture boils and thickens. Season to taste. Serve the gravy with the turkey.nServing Suggestion: Serve with savory herb stuffing and cranberry relish. For dessert serve with pumpkin pie., ingredients: [1 turkey 12 to 14 pounds, 1 34 cup Swansonu00ae Chicken Stock, 3 tablespoon allpurpose flour], title: Classic Roasted Turkey with Pan Gravy, picturelink: OQjL2nyfaMvuOEHUqabuIFvXxJobke}, 20006: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo a pitcher add orange, lime, apple and cover with red wine, rum, orange liqueur, orange juice, pomegranate juice and stir in sugar. Chill in the refrigerator. When ready to serve top off with club soda, to taste., ingredients: [1 orange, sliced, 1 lime, sliced, 1 apple, cored and sliced, 1 bottle red wine, 3 cups white rum, 12 cup orange flavored liqueur, recommended: Cointreau, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup pomegranate juice, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 quart club soda, to taste], title: Red Sangria, picturelink: OPZYKqVgGOCe4yPRlNG0RyRERyONTlq}, 20007: {instructions: Cook the brown rice according to the package directions. Transfer to a large bowl and cool completely.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring frequently, until soft and lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the tomato paste, chile powder and cumin and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the black beans, squash, 1 cup water and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until the beans are soft and most of the liquid has reduced but the mixture is still slightly saucy, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the spinach, in batches if needed, and fold in until wilted. Allow to cool completely.nLay the tortillas out on a clean work surface. Put 12 cup of the rice in the center of each tortilla, about 1 inch from the edges, and top with about 12 cup of the bean filling. Sprinkle each with 2 heaping tablespoons Cheddar, and add a few dashes of hot sauce. Fold the edge nearest to you over the filling, fold in the sides and finish rolling up. Wrap tightly first in plastic wrap and then in foil, and freeze for up to 2 weeks.nTo reheat in a microwave: Wrap the frozen burrito in parchment paper and microwave on high until hot in the center, 4 to 5 minutes.nFor the crunchy oven method: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray each side of the burrito generously with cooking spray and place seamside down on a baking sheet. Cook until golden and crispy on the outside and hot inside, turning about halfway through, 25 to 30 minutes.nServe with reducedfat sour cream, salsa and guacamole if desired., ingredients: [1 cup brown rice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 teaspoons chile powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, One 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 10 ounces frozen butternut squash chunks not thawed, Kosher salt, 5 ounces baby spinach about 8 loose cups, Six 10inch whole wheat flour tortillas or wraps, 1 cup reducedfat shredded Cheddar, Hot sauce, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying burritos if reheating in the oven, Serving suggestions: reducedfat sour cream, salsa, guacamole, optional], title: Makeitdontbuyit Frozen Vegetarian Burritos, picturelink: p9yj4MvkE7lCTeRKBBcYn2D9I.QmPgu}, 20008: {instructions: In a small pitcher or a glass, add the vodka, horseradish, Worcestershire, hot sauce, and vegetable juice. Cover the glass with a shaker, shake well, and then let rest in the shaker.nPrepare Bloody Mary mix but with no garnish. Drop one raw oyster into a shot glass. Fill the glass half way with Bloody Mary mix. Add a splash of vodka on top. Chill glasses on crusted ice. Serve immediately.nRinse the peppers with cold water and dry them with a paper towel. Remove the stems and chop them coarsely. Place the chopped peppers in a stainless bowl, sprinkle the salt on top, stir, cover with plastic wrap, and place in a cool, dry area for 2 days, stirring every 12 hours. All that salt is there mostly to promote ripening of the peppers.nAdd the vinegar, and puree with a hand blender or in a food processor. Place in a sterilized glass jar with a fresh, sterilized lid, and refrigerate.nAs time goes by, whenever you have an excess of ripe peppers, remove stems, chop and add to the jar. The salting step isnt necessary for these additions. When the jar is filled, remove the sauce, puree if you wish, place it in a clean jar, and age it until it reaches the desired flavor  at least 2 months, or longer.nUse as the hot sauce in many recipes.nNote: Use rubber gloves when handling hot peppers, or wash your hands thoroughly before touching your eyes or skin.nYield: approximately 1 quart Recipe courtesy Ti Martin and Jamie Shannon, From Commanders Kitchen, Broadway Books 2000., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vodka, 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, any color, 1 teaspoon or 2 splashes Worcestershire sauce, 2 dashes Garden Hot Sauce, recipe follows, or hot sauce of your choice, 12 cup vegetable or tomato juice, 2 shucked oysters, Vodka, 1 12 pounds ripe hot peppers cayenne, jalapeno, or habanero, etc. or a combination, 1 cup kosher salt, 3 cups white vinegar], title: Oyster Shooters, picturelink: null}, 20009: {instructions: In a food processor combine 12 of the tomatoes, cucumbers, chipotle pepper and adobo sauce, to taste, and 12 of the garlic, and puree until smooth. Reserve the remaining chipotle peppers and adobo sauce for another use. Transfer the pureed tomato mixture to a large bowl. Finely chiffonade the cilantro and stir into tomato mixture. Add the red onion, salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cover bowl and refrigerate until chilled.nIn a large skillet heat olive oil over moderately high heat. Add the shrimp and saute for 1 minute. Add the remaining garlic, stir to combine and cook for another minute. Add the clams and a splash of soy sauce. Add the remaining tomatoes and reserved juices, stirring to combine. Cover and cook until clams open, about 3 to 5 minutes.nUncover the skillet, remove from heat and discard any unopened clams. Ladle about 1 cup of the chilled tomato mixture into the skillet and stir to combine. Stir the seafood mixture into the tomato mixture. Ladle soup into serving bowls and garnish with sliced scallions., ingredients: [2 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced with juices reserved, 3 seedless or 6 regular cucumbers, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 small can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 2 to 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 cup packed cilantro leaves, 1 red onion, finely diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound small shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 dozen baby clams, scrubbed clean, Soy sauce, Scallions, thinly sliced for garnish], title: Spicy Shrimp and Baby Clam Gazpacho Soup, picturelink: null}, 20010: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPut syrup in a shallow bowl. Put a thin slice from bottom of each pear so that the pears will stand upright. Dip and roll each pear in maple syrup to coat completely, reserving remaining syrup. Transfer pears as coated to a 9 by 2inch square baking pan, standing them upright.nSprinkle pears with 2 tablespoons sugar, holding by stems and tilting to coat sides. Stir lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Calvados, and butter into reserved syrup and pour around pears in pan.nBake pears, uncovered, in middle of oven until undersides are tender when pierced with a knife, about 30 minutes.nBeat cream with remaining tablespoon sugar and remaining tablespoon Calvados with an electric mixer until it holds soft peaks.nDivide pears and syrup among plates and serve warm, with whipped cream on the side., ingredients: [1 12 cups pure maple syrup, 6 firmripe Bosc pears with stems, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons Calvados or other apple brandy, or to taste, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup chilled heavy cream], title: Baked Pears in Maple Syrup and Apple Brandy, picturelink: null}, 20011: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients in a large punch bowl or pot. Add ice and stir.nFor grown up version, add 4 cups berry vodka and 12 cup orange liqueur.nLadle into serving glasses., ingredients: [1 46ounce can red punch recommended: Hawaiian Punch, 1 46ounce can apple juice, 1 48ounce bottle cranberry juice, 1 2liter bottle ginger ale, Ice cubes, Berry vodka, optional, Orange liqueur, optional], title: Dragons Blood Punch nonalcoholic, picturelink: djYpgZWboO6baLYCA.Cl4ky1aE8OCGS}, 20012: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the top 14inch from the garlic head, then drizzle with oil, and sprinkle with a pinch of salt. Wrap the garlic in foil, then place in the oven and roast until golden, about 40 minutes. Let cool, then peel and smash the cloves into a paste.n2. Mix half the chopped tarragon with the garlic, season with salt and pepper, then place the paste between the flesh and skin of the chicken. Slice the skin on the thighs, then coat with the paste. Sprinkle the chicken cavity with the remaining chopped tarragon, salt, and pepper. Squeeze the orange over the chicken and put the orange in the cavity. Loosely tie the legs together, drizzle with 1 tablespoon oil, and sprinkle all over with salt and pepper.n3. Cut the squash into 12inch slices. Toss the squash and mushrooms in a roasting pan with the remaining 3 tablespoons oil, salt, and pepper. Place the chicken over the vegetables. Roast the chicken until a thermometer registers 160 degrees F in the thigh, not touching the bone, 50 to 60 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before carving. Garnish with a tarragon sprig., ingredients: [1 head garlic, 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt, 4 fresh tarragon sprigs, coarsely chopped about 1 12 tablespoons, plus 1 sprig for garnish, Freshly ground pepper, 1 3 12pound whole chicken, 12 an orange, 2 delicata or acorn squash, seeded, 6 ounces shiitake caps, halved], title: Roasted Garlic and Orange Roast Chicken, picturelink: bkEhb1u8hVAcMgdxjKVJJe8fS6uxPIC}, 20013: {instructions: In a mixing bowl combine the couscous, scallion, celery, chicken and peas.nIn another mixing bowl combine blue cheese, mayonnaise, mustard and rice vinegar to taste season with salt and pepper.nStir the blue cheese mixture into the couscous and plate., ingredients: [1 cup cooked couscous, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, 1 rib celery, finely diced, 1 cup smoked or regular cooked chicken, cut into bitesized chunks, 1 cup thawed frozen peas, 1 ounce blue cheese, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Rice vinegar to taste, Chopped fresh parsley], title: Second Time Around Couscous Salad, picturelink: null}, 20014: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPut the beans on 1 or 2 baking sheets. Sprinkle over the bacon and onions, and add the olive oil, salt and pepper. Toss around to mix and coat everything in oil.nBake until the bacon is sizzling and the beans are starting to brown, 18 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [4 pounds fresh green beans, topped and tailed, 16 slices thin bacon, cut into tiny pieces, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Green Beans, picturelink: fM6HOWtQ7OzgJFFdLGXj7nAzBy4RbK}, 20015: {instructions: Put the flour and salt in the bowl of a food processor and pulse just to combine. Combine the eggs, olive oil and 14 cup cold water in a spouted measuring cup. With the machine running, pour the wet ingredients into the flour and process until the dough begins to form a ball on the blade. If the dough is still too crumbly, add more water a teaspoon at a time until the dough forms a ball. Process to knead and smooth the dough, about 20 seconds.nDump the dough onto a floured work surface and knead a few times to get a smooth ball. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let rest at room temperature for 30 minutes or up to overnight in the refrigerator bring to room temperature before rolling, if refrigerated.nTo roll the dough: Cut the dough into 4 pieces. Keep the pieces covered until you are ready to roll them. Form 1 piece of dough into a rough rectangle shape. Roll and stretch it as thin as possible it should measure approximately 10by12 inches. Keeping the dough well floured, roll it inward from 2 opposite sides, jellyroll style. Cut the dough at 12 inch intervals and unfurl each piece into separate strands. Form the pasta into loose nests and rest on a floured baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining pieces of pasta., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading and rolling the dough, Pinch kosher salt, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Fresh Egg Pasta, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 20016: {instructions: Combine 1 ounce each sloe gin, apricot liqueur and fresh lime juice in a cocktail shaker fill with ice. Shake well and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.nPhotograph by John PatersonStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Charlie Chaplin, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 20017: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the soy, vinegar, honey, chili paste, ginger and garlic in a bowl and divide the mixture in half. Add 1 half to a large baking dish, then add the chicken, turning to coat. Cover and let the meat marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or up to 8 hours. Add the green onions, sesame oil, black pepper and sesame seeds to the remaining half of the mixture. Reserve it as a dipping sauce for the finished chicken.nLight a grill, making sure to include a zone of indirect heat.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and put it over the charcoal, skin side down. Grill until the skin is golden brown and crisp, about 10 minutes. Relocate the chicken to the indirect heat zone, lower the cover and grill until cooked through. Remove the chicken from the grill to a cutting board and carve. Arrange the chicken on a serving platter and serve wrapped in tortillas, if desired, with dipping sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 heaping tablespoon Korean chili paste recommended: Kochi Chang, 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 green onion, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds, 1 3pound chicken, butterflied, cut into parts, 4 6inch flour tortillas, warmed], title: Korean Grilled Chicken, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 20018: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray.nPut the chickpeas on a clean kitchen towel or several sheets of paper towel and dry thoroughly. In a medium bowl, toss the beans with the olive oil to coat. Sprinkle the smoked salt and toss again. Arrange the beans in an even layer on the prepared baking sheet.nBake, shaking the pan halfway through the baking time, until the beans are crunchy, 50 minute to 1 hour. Let cool for at least 1 hour the beans will become crunchier as they cool.nThese are best eaten within 1 day., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 15 ounce cans chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons smoked salt], title: Crispy Chickpeas, picturelink: a4DSLmWIIYdObmbG0cVX5w0LRMY57JW}, 20019: {instructions: Combine cranberries, sugar, and port in a large heavy saucepan. Bring mixture to a boil over high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Reduce heat to medium low add chopped orange and chopped ginger and simmer until cranberries burst and mixture thickens slightly, about 15 minutes. Mix in dried cherries and blueberries. Cool fall berry conserve completely. Stir in pecans and candied ginger. Can be prepared 3 to 5 days in advance and stored tightly covered in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 12 ounce package fresh or frozen cranberries, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup ruby port, 1 medium navel orange, unpeeled, chopped, 14 dried cherries, 14 cup dried blueberries, 12 cup chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons chopped candied ginger], title: Fall Berry Conserve, picturelink: null}, 20020: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the cranberry and orange juice in a small saucepan, over medium heat until it boils. Remove from heat and let cool.nStrain cranberry mixture into a large bowl using a fine mesh strainer. Whisk in vinaigrette and sugar until well combined.nAdd salad mix and half the dressing into a large bowl and toss with tongs until lettuce is coated. Add tomatoes and cucumber slices and gently toss. Add more dressing if necessary. Transfer to serving platter and top with croutons., ingredients: [1 14 cups whole cranberry sauce, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinaigrette, 1 pinch sugar, 1 5ounce bag spring salad mix recommended: Fresh Express, 2 tomatoes, diced, 1 cucumber, diced, 12 5ounce bag herbed croutons], title: Mixed Green Salad with Cranberry Vinaigrette, picturelink: wLUFUYI40PZU20JU2g5GYt6q7kMsNC}, 20021: {instructions: COOK pasta according to package directions.nMEANWHILE, season zucchini with a little sea salt.nHEAT olive oil in mediumsized skillet. Add garlic and saute for 2 minutes.nADD zucchini to the skillet and saute for additional two minutes.nADD cherry tomatoes and saute until skins are slightly blistered and the tomatoes are heated all the way through. Add basil to skillet.nDRAIN pasta, add to skillet and toss with cheese before serving., ingredients: [1 box BARILLA Whole Grain Penne, 4 small zucchini, thinly sliced, Sea salt to taste, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, 4 basil leaves, torn in small pieces, 12 cup Parmesan cheese, shaved], title: Barilla Whole Grain Penne with Zucchini and Parmesan, picturelink: FWgaXX2RcJcBLHbcMBDmTpl07.FZm9C}, 20022: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the Brussels sprouts and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, until bright green and beginning to soften. Remove the sprouts with a slotted spoon and drop into a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking process.nMake the sauce by melting the butter and flour together in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until smooth and bubbling, about 1 minute slowly whisk in milk and continue to cook, whisking frequently, until thick and creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Season the sauce well with salt and heavily with pepper.nHalve the Brussels sprouts through the core and put them in an even layer in a 2 quart baking dish. Pour the sauce over the sprouts and sprinkle the cheese evenly over the top. Bake in the center of the oven for 10 to 15 minutes until the top is golden and bubbling., ingredients: [2 pints Brussels sprouts, trimmed, about 1 12 pounds, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, at room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 5 ounces Gruyere, grated about 1 cup grated], title: Brussels Sprout Gratin, picturelink: jvfbDqw9dNElbKUoEAhcc.FEaHTlju}, 20023: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nChoose 4 bowls or shallow small casseroles to serve in and use one of them as a template to cut out 4 pastry pieces the size and shape of your serving dishes. Use a sharp paring knife to work around your dish. Arrange the pastry on a nonstick baking sheet or on a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Beat the egg with a splash of water and brush the dough with egg wash. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until deeply golden and puffed.nMeanwhile, season the fish with a little salt and pepper. Place the salmon in a small skillet with the wine, just enough to come up to the top of the fillets. Add the bay leaf and lemon slices. Bring the fish to gentle boil, lower the heat, and then simmer for about 8 to 10 minutes, or until opaque.nWhile the fish poaches, in a medium Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, heat the extravirgin olive oil. Add the onion, celery, and potatoes. Season with salt, pepper, and crab boil seasoning. Cover and sweat the vegetables for 8 minutes, stirring occasionally.nTurn off the heat under the salmon. Remove the salmon to a dish and flake it up. Strain the broth and reserve about 1 to 1 12 cups.nAdd the chicken stock, reserved fish stock, and cream to the vegetables. While it comes to a boil, make a roux in small skillet. Melt the butter, and then whisk in the flour. Add the stock and whisk for 1 minute. Stir in the Dijon. Add the roux to the soup and cook for about 3 to 4 minutes to thicken the chowder to the consistency of loose gravy.nAdd in the peas, flaked salmon, and dill and heat through. Serve in individual dishes topped with pastry tops., ingredients: [1 sheet prepared frozen puff pastry dough recommended: DuFour, 1 egg, 2 6ounce skinless salmon fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, About 13 bottle 1 12 cups dry white wine, 1 fresh bay leaf, 3 to 4 slices lemon, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 sweet onion, chopped, 3 to 4 small ribs celery, chopped, 1 large Idaho potato, chopped, 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup frozen peas, optional, 14 cup chopped fresh dill], title: Salmon and Dill Chowder with Pastry Crust, picturelink: null}, 20024: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nMix all ingredients in large deep casserole dish. Bake until beans are golden brown, about 2 hours., ingredients: [1 gallon baked beans, 1 quart ketchup, 14 pound brown sugar, 1 pint sugar, 14 cup water, 1 cup chopped green bell peppers, 1 cup chopped onions], title: Baked Beans, picturelink: null}, 20025: {instructions: For the Salad:nIn a large bowl, toss greens, tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots and shallots with enough dressing to coat. Sprinkle cubed feta cheese on top.nMicrowave lime for about 30 seconds to release essential oils, and set aside to cool.nFor the Dressing:nTurn on the blender and while its running, add 1at a time through the feed tube, the parsley, chives, dill, and garlic, and blend together until a smooth paste has formed. At this point the lime should be cool enough to squeeze. With the power still on, squeeze the lime juice through the blender feedtube, and then very slowly add the buttermilk and xanthan gum until the mixture thickens and can coat the back of a spoon. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Set aside in refrigerator until needed. When chilled, the dressing should resemble something like mayonnaise., ingredients: [6 cups loosely packed mixed greens: iceberg and romaine lettuces, mesclun, and radicchio washed and dried in a salad spinner or with paper towels, 2 large tomatoes, cut into wedges, 2 cucumbers, peeled and cut into thin slices, 2 carrots, peeled and sliced thin, 1 to 2 shallots, diced, 4 ounces feta cheese, cubed, 1 lime, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon fresh chives, 1 tablespoon fresh dill, 1 clove garlic, peeled and quartered, 34 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon xanthan gum, Salt and pepper], title: Medley of Greens with Buttermilk Dressing, picturelink: 9Y3pF2kNs7yYraVNRFGQiwwZXe1Cmcm}, 20026: {instructions: To mellow the minced onion, soak it in cold water while you make the salad.nBring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat and salt it generously. Add the macaroni and boil, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain the macaroni in a colander, put in a serving bowl, and toss with the milk. Allow the macaroni to cool slightly while you make the dressing.nFor the dressing: Whisk the vinegar, mustard, the 2 teaspoons salt, and black pepper to taste in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in the olive oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream to make a smooth, slightly thick dressing. Whisk in the sour cream.nDrain the onions, pat dry, and add to the macaroni along with the ham, peas, celery, and dill. Add the dressing and fold to coat the pasta evenly. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [14 medium red onion, minced, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus additional for salting water, 8 ounces elbow macaroni about 2 cups, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup sour cream, 6 ounces cooked ham, cut into 13inch cubes, 34 cup frozen baby peas, thawed about 4 ounces, 2 ribs celery, with leaves, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill], title: Macaroni Salad with Dill and Ham, picturelink: 5vlM3l3exxei4ySJH9WMrs1EPfn3BLu}, 20027: {instructions: Soak 14 cup sliced red onion in cold water, 10 minutes drain. Toss with 2 cups sliced hearts of palm, 1 cup sliced celery and some chopped parsley. Add 3 tablespoons each lemon juice and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Serve over arugula drizzled with olive oil.nServes: 4 Calories: 130 Total Fat: 11 grams Saturated Fat: 1.5 grams Protein: 3 grams Total carbohydrates: 7 grams Sugar: 2 grams Fiber: 3 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 462 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Lemony Hearts of Palm Salad, picturelink: olnoxf4bOJ9FJbVolZpxNoRM5o1GOoe}, 20028: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 3 12 to 4inch diameter round cookie cutternIn a large bowl, combine the chicken, mozzarella, spinach, mascarpone, Parmesan, tomatobasil sauce, basil, lemon juice, salt and pepper.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Spray a standard 12cup muffin pan with nonstick spray.nLightly flour a work surface. Roll out the pizza dough to a thin large round, about 18inch thick. Using a 3 12 to 4inchdiameter round cutter, cut out 12 rounds for pizza crusts. Working with 1 crust at a time, settle 1 dough round into the prepared muffin pan. Press and pull the dough up the sides of the cup. Rotate the pan and repeat until the dough covers the bottom and sides. Pack in 2 to 3 tablespoons of filling. Repeat with the remaining dough rounds and filling.nBake the pizzas until the crusts are golden brown and the filling is bubbling, 16 to 18 minutes. Let stand 1 minute. Then use a small knife to loosen the pizzas. Arrange on a platter and serve., ingredients: [One 4ounce chicken breast cut into 14inch cubes, 1 cup 4 ounces coarsely grated wholemilk mozzarella, 23 cup chopped baby spinach, 12 cup 4 ounces mascarpone, 13 cup finely grated Parmesan about 1 ounce, 13 cup purchased tomatobasil sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice about 12 a small lemon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 pound ball fresh pizza dough], title: Cheesy Muffin Pizzas, picturelink: ukYDXZ7aLsqoDXBHvZV6nLtbbPvkq}, 20029: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 box foilnGather a long sheet of tin foil and scrunch it up into the shape of a cornucopia solid form, approximately 12inches long, and as thick as you desire. Make it big, so you can add lots of desserts or other foods.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nNext, roll out puff pastry and cut into 1 inch strips. Begin constructing the cornucopia by wrapping each strip of pastry around and around the tin foil. After approximately 20 strips, the entire foil inner will be covered. Cut out decorative leaves with the remainder of dough and decorate the top of the cornocopia.nWhen its finished brush with egg wash. Bake until golden, about 20 minutes.nOnce it has cooled, pull the inner tin foil out from the inside. You can fill it with brownies, squares, and cookies., ingredients: [1 egg white beaten, 1 box puff pastry], title: Kims Puff Pastry Cornucopia, picturelink: null}, 20030: {instructions: Steep mint and tea in nearly boiling water for 3 to 5 minutes. Remove mint and tea, stir in sugar and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 sprigs fresh mint, 3 tablespoons green tea, 3 tablespoons sugar, Nearly boiling water], title: Moroccan Mint Tea, picturelink: null}, 20031: {instructions: Split each peach in half and remove the stone. Discard the stone and slice each peach half into 3 wedges. Place in a medium mixing bowl and set aside.nCombine the nectar, rhododendron honey, vanilla, and 2 branches of lemon verbena in a medium saucepot. Bring to a simmer over a medium heat and reduce by half. Season with lemon juice and, if necessary, a pinch of salt.nWhile the sauce is reducing, lightly brush each slice of semolina bread with some extra virgin olive oil. Toast under a hot broiler until lightly browned. Set the slices on a warm plate and cover with a dry towel to keep warm.nStrain the nectar and honey mixture over the peaches and gently toss the peaches until well coated.nPlace a toasted slice of semolina bread in the center of each of 4 warmed plates. Divide the peaches equally onto each slice of toast using a slotted spoon. This will allow some syrup to remain in the bowl. Drizzle the remaining syrup over each plate and garnish with the remaining branches of lemon verbena., ingredients: [3 very ripe freestone peaches, 23 cup organic peach or apricot nectar, 23 cup rhododendron honey, 12 vanilla bean, 6 branches fresh lemon verbena, 1 to 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Salt, 3 very ripe Saturn or doughnut peaches, 4 12inch slices of semolina bread sliced from a 2 pound loaf, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil], title: Sliced Peaches on Semolina Crostini with Rhododendron Honey, picturelink: null}, 20032: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nMelt the chocolate and the butter together in a double boiler or in a bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Remove from the heat and whisk in the sugar, then eggs, vanilla, salt, and chopped peppers. Sift in the flour and fivespice powder and mix until incorporated. Pour into mini muffin pans and bake for about 15 minutes.nAlternately, you can pour the batter into a greased 8 by 8inch pan and bake for about 30 minutes., ingredients: [3 3ounce squares unsweetened chocolate, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 canned chipotle peppers in adobo, chopped, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons fivespice powder], title: Hot and Spicy Brownies, picturelink: 9nBWRpuGPrrOMJK8Sznmp245LWM6G}, 20033: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nToss chicken with cayenne pepper sauce. Stir in remaining ingredients except blue cheese. Turn into 112quart shallow casserole, then sprinkle with blue cheese.nBake uncovered 20 minutes or until bubbling. Serve, if desired, with celery andor your favorite dippers.nCost per recipe: 8.62.nCost per 1Tablespoon serving: 0.18.nBased on average retail prices at national supermarkets.nSuch as Franksu00ae Red Hot Sauce., ingredients: [2 cups diced or shredded cooked chicken, 14 cup cayenne pepper sauce, 1 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real or Light Mayonnaise, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese about 4 oz., 2 Tbsp. finely chopped green onions optional, 1 tsp. lemon juice, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Disappearing Buffalo Chicken Dip, picturelink: GlxvE9PacOsZTxsfajZdi1uWQ7Mai}, 20034: {instructions: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Season the meat with salt and pepper and sprinkle with the flour add to the pot and cook until browned, about 5 minutes per side. Remove from the pot.nAdd the bacon, onion and chopped carrots to the pot cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and garlic cook, stirring, until the paste starts to sizzle, about 4 minutes. Stir in the cognac, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Add the wine and broth, then return the meat to the pot.nPut the celery, bay leaves, peppercorns, allspice, cloves and herb sprigs on a square of cheesecloth and tie into a pouch with kitchen twine add to the pot and bring to a simmer. Lay a round of parchment paper on the surface of the meat and cover with the lid. Transfer the pot to the oven and cook 1 hour, 30 minutes. Turn the roast, then add the rutabaga, potatoes, halved carrots and 1 teaspoon salt. Cover with the parchment and lid and return to the oven until the meat is forktender, 1 hour, 30 minutes, to 2 hours more. A meat thermometer should register 185 degrees F.nTransfer the vegetables to a plate using a slotted spoon and transfer the roast to a cutting board. Make the gravy: Remove the herb pouch and skim off the fat from the cooking liquid simmer the liquid over medium heat until reduced by half, about 25 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Return the vegetables to the gravy.nUntie the roast, thinly slice against the grain and arrange on a platter. Spoon the vegetables and gravy over and around the meat. Sprinkle with the chopped parsley.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 5to6pound boneless beef 7bone chuck roast, tied, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 medium white onion, chopped, 1 pound carrots, halved lengthwise, then crosswise, plus 1 cup chopped, 13 cup tomato paste, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 13 cup cognac or brandy, 2 cups dry white wine, 2 cups mushroom or vegetable broth, 1 stalk celery, quartered, 2 bay leaves, 12 black peppercorns, 4 whole allspice, 4 whole cloves, 6 sprigs parsley, plus 2 tablespoons chopped leaves, 4 sprigs thyme, 12 large rutabaga about 1 pound, peeled and sliced into halfmoons, 1 12 pounds fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise], title: Classic Pot Roast, picturelink: v9BWr5kfukWFEHkBXYS1qcif.wYAgeK}, 20035: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a large straightsided saute pan. Add fennel and brown on all sides. Stir in the stock, orange juice and garlic. Bring to a boil, then cover and lower the heat to a simmer. Cook until fennel is tender, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 fennel bulbs, trimmed and each cut into 6 wedges, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: OrangeBraised Fennel, picturelink: Nt.6YDBhfS8tQGL3AwJFsimlwlp0pwG}, 20036: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Fit a sheet of foil over a 9 by 9inch baking pan and leave a 2inch overhang for the handles. Spray with nonstick spray.nAdd the butter and chocolate to a medium saucepan over low heat. Stir until melted and smooth, then remove from the heat. Stir in the brown sugar, and vanilla. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and stir until well combined.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, salt, and baking powder. Add this dry mixture, in increments, to the chocolate mixture, and mix well until smooth. Stir in the almonds.nPour the batter into the prepared pan, smooth the top, and bake for 30 minutes.nRemove the brownies from the oven, and sprinkle with the chocolate chips and marshmallows. Put the pan back in the oven and bake until the marshmallows are puffy and melted, about 5 more minutes. Let the brownies cool in the pan before removing and slicing., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons Dutch process cocoa, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 34 cup chopped salted almonds, 34 cup milk chocolate chips, 1 cup mini marshmallows], title: Rocky Road Brownies, picturelink: null}, 20037: {instructions: Put the chickpeas in a strainer and pick through to remove any small stones rinse well.nTransfer the chickpeas to a large bowl and add 8 cups water stir in the baking soda. Set aside to soak at room temperature, at least 12 hours and up to 1 day.nDrain the chickpeas and rinse well. Transfer to a large pot and add 10 cups water bring to a boil and cook 5 minutes, then reduce the heat to low and simmer until the chickpeas are very soft, skimming off any foam from the surface, about 45 minutes.nReserve 1 cup of the cooking water, then drain the chickpeas and rinse under cold water. Transfer to a food processor and puree until smooth. With the machine running, add the tahini, olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, cumin, red pepper flakes, paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and the reserved cooking water puree until smooth and creamy, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the hummus to a bowl, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with paprika. Serve with pita bread andor vegetables. To store, cover and refrigerate 3 to 4 days.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 cup dried chickpeas, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 12 cup tahini sesame paste, well stirred, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 clove garlic, Juice of 2 lemons, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon paprika, plus more for sprinkling, Kosher salt, Pita bread andor vegetable sticks, for serving], title: Homemade Hummus, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 20038: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crustnPlace the butter, shortening and cranberry juice into the refrigerator for 1 hour.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the flour salt and sugar by pulsing 3 to 4 times. Add the butter and pulse 5 to 6 times until the texture looks mealy. Add the shortening and pulse another 3 to 4 times until incorporated.nRemove the lid of the food processor and sprinkle in 5 tablespoons of the cranberry juice. Replace the lid and pulse 5 times. Add more cranberry juice as needed, and pulse again until the mixture holds together when squeezed. Weight the dough and divide in half. Shape each half into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to overnight.nPeel and core the pears. Slice into 14 to 12inch thick wedges. Toss all of the pears with 14 cup of the sugar, place in a colander set over a large bowl and allow to drain for 1 12 hours.nTransfer the drained liquid to a small saucepan, place over medium heat and reduce to 2 tablespoons. Set aside to cool. Toss the pears with the remaining sugar, cranberries, tapioca flour, jam, cranberry juice, lemon juice, salt and nutmeg.nFor assembling and baking the pie:nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nRemove 1 disk of dough from the refrigerator. Place the dough onto a lightly floured piece of waxed paper. Lightly sprinkle the top of the dough with flour and roll out into a 12inch circle. Place into a 9 12 to 10inch tart pan that is 2 inches deep. Gently press the dough into the sides of the pan, crimping and trimming the edges as necessary. Set a pie bird in the center of the bottom of the pan. Place the pears into the unbaked pie shell in concentric circles starting around the edges, working towards the center and forming a slight mound in the center of the pie. Sprinkle the cranberries a little at a time as you go.nPour over any liquid that remains in the bowl. Roll out the second pie dough as the first. Place this dough over the apples, pressing the pie bird through the top crust. Press together the edges of the dough around the rim of the pie. Brush the top crust with the reduced juice everywhere except around the edge of the pie. Trim excess dough. Place the pie on a half sheet pan lined with parchment paper and bake on the floor of the oven for 30 minutes. Transfer to the lower rack of the oven and continue to bake another 20 minutes or until the pears are cooked through but not mushy. Remove to a rack and cool a minimum of 4 hours or until almost room temperature., ingredients: [6 ounces unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 ounces vegetable shortening, cut into 12inch pieces, 5 to 7 tablespoons cranberry juice, 12 ounces allpurpose flour, about 2 34 cups, plus extra for dusting, 1 teaspoon table salt, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 3 to 3 12pounds pears, a mixture of Bartlett, Bosc andor Anjou, 12 cup sugar, divided, 6 ounces dried cranberries, 3 tablespoons tapioca flour, 2 tablespoons cranberry jam, 1 tablespoon cranberry juice, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon fresh ground nutmeg], title: Pear Cranberry Pie, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 20039: {instructions: Add all the ingredients, except the cucumbers, to a small pot and bring to a boil over low heat. Turn off the heat, add the cucumbers and let sit for 1 hour. Serve chilled or at room temperature.nReserve 1 cup for Online Round 2 Recipe: Mediterranean Pita Pockets., ingredients: [1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup white vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cucumbers, thinly sliced], title: Pickled Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 20040: {instructions: Position rack in lower third of oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nGenerously grease the bottom and sides of a ring mold pan and dust generously with flour.nPour the flour, baking soda, and salt in that order into a triple sifter. Sift onto a sheet of waxed paper and set aside. Crack the egg into a small bowl and whisk just to combine the yolk and the white. Pour the molasses, corn syrup and water into a liquid cup measure and stir to combine. Place the butter in the bowl of a heavyduty mixer.nWith the paddle attachment, cream the butter on medium speed until it clings to the sides of the mixing bowl and has a satiny appearance. Add the sugar and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Continue to cream at medium speed for 2 to 3 minutes or until the mixture is lighter in color and fluffy. Keeping the mixer at a medium speed, add the egg, a tablespoon at a time, to the butter mixture. Continue to cream, stopping the mixer and scraping down the sides of the bowl at least once. After about 1 or 2 minutes, when the mixture is light and fluffy and has increased in volume, remove the beater and bowl from the mixer. Scrape batter off the beater. Stir in the lemon zest and the grated ginger. Using a rubber spatula, stir in a quarter of the flour mixture. Then add 13 of the molasses mixture, stirring to blend together. Repeat, alternating dry and liquid ingredients and ending with the flour. Scrape the sides of the bowl often and mix until smooth after each addition.nPour the batter into the ring mold and spread it slightly higher toward the outer edge so it will bake more evenly. Bake for about 35 to 37 minutes, or until the sides begin to contract from the mold, the surface springs back slightly when lightly touched in the center and a wooden toothpick inserted comes out clean.nPlace the cake on a rack to cool for 5 to 10 minutes. With mitts, tilt and rotate the mold and gently tap it on the counter to see if the cake is releasing from the sides of the mold. If not, run a small metal spatula or the blade of a table knife around the outer edge to loosen the cake from the mold. Place an 8 inch wide strip of parchment paper, then a rack on the top of the cake, invert and carefully remove the ring mold. Cool completely.nTo make a pattern for decorating the cake, place a cooling rack on top of the cake. Pour the powdered sugar into a sieve and gently sprinkle the sugar evenly over the cake. Remove the top cooling rack and transfer cake to a serving platter., ingredients: [1 12 cups sifted cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, room temperature, 34 cup light molasses, 14 cup dark corn syrup, 12 cup water, 4 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, about 1 lemon, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 14 cup unsifted powdered sugar], title: Fresh Ginger Cake, picturelink: null}, 20041: {instructions: Combine the yogurt, lemon juice, olive oil, scallions, minced garlic, mint, thyme, lemon zest, pepper, and salt in a large bowl and stir to mix. Rub the garlic clove over both sides of the lamb and put the lamb in a shallow glass or ceramic dish. Pour the marinade over the meat and turn it several times to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 4 to 6 hours. About 30 minutes before grilling, remove the meat from the refrigerator and let it come to room temperature.nPrepare a charcoal or gas grill arranging the coals for indirect cooking. Lightly spray the grill rack with vegetable oil cooking spray. The coals should be hot. Lift the lamb from the marinade, scrape off the excess marinade, and season both sides with salt and pepper. Discard the marinade. Combine the oil and crushed garlic in a small bowl for brushing on the meat.nSear the lamb over the hot coals for about 5 minutes on each side, brushing with the olive oil and garlic mixture several times continue brushing the lamb with the remaining olive oil and garlic mixture during the first 20 minutes of grilling. Move the lamb to the cooler part of the grill, cover, and cook for about 10 minutes. Turn the meat over, cover, and cook for 10 to 15 minutes longer for mediumrare meat, or until cooked to desired doneness. An instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the meat should register 140 degrees for rare meat and 145 to 150 degrees for mediumrare. Let the lamb rest for about 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 scallions, finely chopped, 3 large garlic cloves, minced, plus 1 large clove garlic, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, Salt to taste, 1 4 to 5 pound butterflied leg of lamb, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large clove garlic, crushed], title: Butterflied Leg of Lamb Marinated in Yogurt and Mint, picturelink: null}, 20042: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven 400 degrees F.nPreheat a large oven safe skillet over high heat with the oil. Liberally season the chicken wings with salt and pepper. Once the skillet is screaming hot add the wings in 1 even layer. Brown the wings for 3 minutes per side. While the wings are browning, assemble the plum glaze: in a small pot over high heat combine the plum sauce, orange juice, ginger root, tamari and hot pepper flakes. Bring up to a simmer and lower the heat, reserving it until the wings are done browning. Remove ginger from glaze. Pour the simmering plum glaze mixture over the browned wings. Place the skillet in the oven and roast for 20 minutes, flipping the wings once half way through the cooking time.nRemove the wings from the oven, if the glaze is not syrupy and thick, place the skillet of wings on the cook top and turn the heat on high, allow the glaze to reduce for about 1 minute. Toss the wings around in the glaze and finish with the fresh cilantro and basil.nServe hot or room temperature.nTIDBITSnClose that door Whenever you are tending to something in the oven, pull it out of the oven completely and close that door while you are doing your business. Otherwise your oven will have to work double time to get back up to temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, 12 whole chicken wings, drummers and tips, Salt and pepper, 34 cup plum sauce, 12 cup orange juice, eyeball it, 2 inches ginger root, peeled, 3 tablespoons tamari, dark soy sauce, eyeball it, 12 to 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, medium heat to extra spicy, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Asian Glazed Wings, picturelink: JW7xUm3D8EeGP.aSFY8YXT7KLqcAG}, 20043: {instructions: Make the marinade: In a food processor or blender puree the scallion, the 2 chilies, the soy sauce, the lime juice, the allspice, the mustard, the bay leaves, the garlic, the salt, the sugar, the thyme and the cinnamon.nDivide the chicken parts between 2 heavyduty resealable plastic bags and spoon the marinade over them, coating them well. Seal the bags, pressing out the excess air, and let the chicken marinate, chilled, turning the bags over several times, for at least 24 hours and up to 2 days.nOn an oiled rack set 4 to 6 inches over glowing coals grill the chicken, in batches if necessary and covered if possible, for 10 to 15 minutes on each side, or until it is cooked through. Transfer the chicken as it is cooked with tongs to a heated platter, keep it warm, covered loosely with foil, and garnish the platter with the additional chilies., ingredients: [2 cups finely chopped scallion, 2 Scotch bonnet or habanero chilies, seeded and minced wear rubber gloves, or 1 tablespoon Scotch Bonnet Pepper Sauce, plus, if desired, additional Scotch bonnet chilies for garnish, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 5 teaspoons ground allspice, 3 teaspoons Englishstyle dry mustard, 2 bay leaves, center ribs discarded and the leaves crumbled, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, crumbled, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 5 pounds chicken parts, the wing tips discarded, Vegetable oil for brushing the grill], title: Jerk Chicken Grilled Spicy Marinated Chicken, picturelink: null}, 20044: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLay the bacon in a saute pan and bake for 15 minutes, until crispy. Transfer the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels and let it drain for a couple of minutes.nScoop out each half of the avocado using an oversized spoon and arrange on a platter. Scatter the watercress over the avocado and crumble the bacon over the top. Drizzle with the lemon juice and olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 3 avocados, halved and pitted, 12 bunch watercress, stems trimmed, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Avocado Salad with Lemon, Bacon and Watercress, picturelink: C46fzIJuABdgMm6T13bVFCdaZ70VP3q}, 20045: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the burgers: Place the ginger, garlic, lime leaves, shallots and lemongrass in a food processor and pulse until a chunky paste is formed. Place the lamb in large bowl and add the lemongrass paste, curry powder, white pepper, soy sauce, Worcestershire, cilantro, mint and parsley. Mix until combined. Portion into 4ounce patties.nFor the yogurt sauce: Combine the yogurt with the lime juice, curry powder, white pepper, salt, mint, cilantro, mint and parsley.nCook the burgers until light pink in the center. Toast the brioche buns. Place the burgers on the buns and top with the yogurt sauce and pea sprouts., ingredients: [12 cup peeled and diced fresh ginger, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 6 kaffir lime leaves, 4 shallots, peeled, 3 stalks lemongrass, white part pounded, 5 pounds ground lamb, 4 tablespoons curry powder, 2 tablespoons Chinese white pepper, 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, minced, 1 bunch fresh mint, minced, 1 bunch fresh Italian parsley, minced, 24 ounces Greek yogurt, 12 cup fresh squeezed lime juice, 4 tablespoons curry powder, 2 tablespoons Chinese white pepper, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, minced, 1 bunch fresh mint, minced, 1 bunch fresh Italian parsley, minced, 20 brioche buns, 3 cups pea sprouts], title: Lamb Burgers with Greek Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: 9W6BMQU9jiC78z52avq5.6Y45oYzbua}, 20046: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the strawberry habanero jam: In a 4quart saucepan set over medium heat, add the sugar, orange zest and juice, and stir until the sugar dissolves. Turn the heat up to high and add the strawberries and habanero. Bring to a boil, stirring often, until the temperature reaches 200 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Once the jam has reached that temperature, remove it from the heat and allow it to cool slightly. Once cooled, you can serve immediately. Store any leftovers in an airtight container in the refrigerator for about a week.nFor the custard: In a baking dish, whisk together the, milk, salt, sugar, nutmeg and eggs. Reserve.nFor the sandwich build: Preheat a griddle over medium heat. Top a slice of Texas toast with a slice of cheese, onequarter of the ham, a second piece of cheese and the second slice of toast. Dip the sandwiches into the custard, letting the excess drip off. Add some butter to the griddle and gently pan fry each sandwich until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes each side. Remove from the griddle, dust with some powdered sugar, if using, and serve some strawberry habanero jam on the side., ingredients: [4 cups granulated sugar, 1 orange, zested and juiced or 14 cup orange juice, 2 pounds strawberries, hulled and quartered, 1 habanero, stem and seeds removed, finely minced, 1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 2 eggs, 8 slices Texas toast, 8 slices gruyere, 12 ounces honey ham, shaved, such as Boars Head, 4 tablespoons salted butter, Powdered sugar, for dusting, optional], title: Monte Cristo with Strawberry Habanero Jam, picturelink: rLJA80B2M8pLR.a744mzoy1lY3QEWSW}, 20047: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta until it is tender but still firm to the bite, 10 to 12 minutes. Meanwhile, peel and finely slice the onion. Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and saute just to coat them with oil, about 1 minute. Reduce heat to medium, add Worcestershire sauce, and cover the skillet. Cook until the onions are tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Uncover skillet, add the beef, and cook, stirring to break up the lumps, just until it is no longer pink, about 1 minute. Add the barbecue sauce and crushed tomatoes. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is hot, about 3 minutes. Season to taste with salt and Tabasco sauce. Drain the pasta and divide it among six shallow bowls. Spoon sauce over each portion, and serve immediately., ingredients: [salt to taste, 1 lb ziti or rigatoni, 1 onion, 1 Tbsp vegetable oil, 2 Tbsp Worcestershire sauce, 1 lb ground round, 3 to 4 Tbsp barbecue sauce, 1 can 14 12 oz crushed tomatoes, 4 to 6 drops Tabasco sauce optional], title: AllAmerican Barbecued Beef with Noodles, picturelink: null}, 20048: {instructions: Mix dry ingredients together in a small bowl and rub into the chicken, making sure to get the rub into the nooks and crannies. Let rub sit on the chicken for up to 12 hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat a grill to medium heat.nPlace dark meat on the grill first because it has a longer cooking time than white meat. Grill until the internal temperature of the chicken is 180 degrees F for all parts except the breasts and is 165 degrees F for the breasts when measured with an instantread thermometer. When chicken is almost finished grilling, baste it with a generous amount of barbecue sauce all over the meat. Save any leftover sauce for dipping.nCombine all ingredients in a saucepan and slowly bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat then reduce the heat and simmer until the sauce begins to thicken., ingredients: [2 tablespoons noniodized salt, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon ground thyme, 1 teaspoon rubbed sage, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 2 whole chickens, skin removed and separated into white and dark meat parts, 2 cups Stonewall Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup butter, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup ketchup, 12 cup lemon juice, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon hot sauce], title: Dry Rub Fo Yo Chicken, picturelink: EB95ZPcJX5nHYX7coKymhB.rMQPhB6}, 20049: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the cookie crust: Cream the butter, honey, and brown sugar together in a mixing bowl.nAdd the egg white and combine. Mix in the applesauce and vanilla.nSift the flour, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon together. Add to the sugar mixture, stirring just to combine. Gently stir in the oats and apricots, just to combine.nSpread the batter on a 12inch nonstick pizza pan or line a baking sheet with parchment paper into a 12inch circle. Bake until lightly browned, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then carefully transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely.nTo make the topping: In a mixing bowl, whip the cream cheese with the apple juice concentrate and lemon zest until light and creamy.nSpread the cream cheese mixture over the cookie, leaving a 12inch border around the rim. Arrange the fruit over the top. Slice into wedges with a pizza cutter and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup honey, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 egg white, 13 cup applesauce, 2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups oldfashioned oats, 13 cup dried apricots, finely chopped, 8 ounces lowfat cream cheese, softened, 14 cup frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed, 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest, 4 kiwis, peeled and sliced, 12 cup canned sliced peaches packed in light syrup, strained, 12 cup strawberries, cut in 12 lengthwise, 1 medium banana, cut into 14inch slices], title: Janettes Oatmeal CookieFruit Pizza, picturelink: null}, 20050: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker or small pitcher with ice. Add the whiskey liqueur, pear nectar, Licor 43 and bitters. Cover and shake vigorously until thoroughly mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Serve with the pear. Drink., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 2 ounces whiskey recommended: Southern Comfort, 2 ounces pear nectar, 1 tablespoon Licor 43 See Cooks Note, 2 dashes Peychauds bitters, Seckel or other small pear, thinly sliced], title: Comfort Me with Pears, picturelink: null}, 20051: {instructions: For the dough: Combine the milk and 12 cup water in a medium saucepan and warm over low heat until it is about 100 degrees F but no more than 110 degrees. Remove from the heat and sprinkle the yeast over the surface. Sprinkle a pinch of the granulated sugar over the top and let sit without stirring, until foamy, about 5 minutes.nWhisk the butter, vanilla and egg yolk into the yeast mixture.nWhisk together the flour, salt, nutmeg and the remaining granulated sugar in a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour and stir in the yeast mixture with a wooden spoon to make a thick and slightly sticky dough. Turn the dough onto a floured work surface and knead until soft and elastic, about 6 minutes. Shape into a ball.nBrush the inside of a large bowl with butter. Put the dough in the buttered bowl, turning to coat lightly. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and trace a circle the size of the dough on the plastic. Let rise at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nTurn the dough out of the bowl and knead briefly to release the excess air reform into a ball and return to the bowl. Lightly butter a large piece of plastic wrap and lay it on the dough. Cover the entire bowl tightly with the plastic and proof in the refrigerator for 4 hours or up to overnight.nFor the filling: Butter a 13by9inch baking pan. Whisk the granulated sugar and cinnamon together in a small bowl. Cut off a 3inch, or 5ounce, ball of dough and set aside to make turkey heads. Turn the remaining dough onto a floured work surface and press flat. Then roll into an 18by10inch rectangle, with a long edge facing you. Spread the softened butter evenly over the surface of the dough, leaving about a 1inch border on the side opposite you. Evenly scatter the cinnamonsugar over the butter. Starting from the long side facing you, roll the dough up into a tight cylinder. Lightly brush the clean edge of the dough with water. Press this edge against the cylinder to seal.nSlip a long, taut piece of string or unflavored dental floss under the cylinder, about 1 12 inches from the end. Lift and cross the string ends over the cylinder, and then pull the ends tightly in opposite directions to cut a single roll. Repeat, cutting every 1 12 inches, to make 12 rolls. Place the rolls cutsidedown in the prepared pan, leaving 1 inch of space between them.nCut the reserved piece of dough into 12 equal pieces. Roll each piece of dough into a 34inch ball. Set each ball of dough aside in a separate baking dish. These will become the turkeys heads.nCover the rolls and dough heads loosely with plastic wrap. Set aside in a warm place to rise until both double in size, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Using kitchen shears pointing diagonally upward, make a horizontal snip halfway through the front of each ball of dough to form a pointy beak. Pull the beak down a bit to exaggerate the shape. Place a pecan half halfway inside each snip under the beak to form a waddle. Place two currants above the beak for eyes press lightly to secure. Place each dough head on top of the lower left hand corner of each cut roll to make turkeys.nBake the buns until golden brown and the tops of the buns spring back when pressed lightly, about 30 minutes. Leave the oven on.nFor the glaze: Meanwhile, sift the confectioners sugar into a medium bowl. Whisk in the condensed milk, butter and vanilla to make a thick, smooth icing. When the buns come out, cool them in the pan for 10 minutes. Drizzle the glaze evenly over all of the bun bodies, but not the heads.nWhile the buns are cooling, warm the cooked bacon strips in the oven.nTo serve, remove each bun turkey from the pan. Slice bacon strips in half. Insert four halfstrips of bacon into the backmost cinnamon swirl, so that they form an upright fanned turkey tail., ingredients: [12 cup whole milk, 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast from a 14ounce package, 14 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the bowl, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg yolk, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting see Cooks Note, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, very soft, plus more for coating the pan, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 12 pecan halves, 24 dried currants, 24 slices thickcut cooked bacon, 1 13 cups confectioners sugar, 13 cup sweetened condensed milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Cinnamon Bun Turkeys, picturelink: null}, 20052: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 9 x 9inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray.n2. BEAT shortening, oats, brown sugar, 12 cup flour, whole wheat flour, baking soda and cinnamon in large bowl with an electric mixer at low speed until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Reserve 12 cup for topping. Press remaining crumbs into prepared pan.n3. BAKE 10 minutes. Remove from oven. Sprinkle chocolate chips and nuts over crust. Stir together caramel topping and 3 tablespoons flour until well blended. Drizzle over chocolate chips and nuts. Top with reserved 12 cup crumbs.n4. BAKE an additional 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown. While still warm, run a knife around the outside edge of pan. Cool completely on rack., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 34 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening OR 34 stick Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks, 1 12 cups quick oats, uncooked, 34 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, plus 3 tbsps., divided, 12 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae Whole Wheat Flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 13 cups milk chocolate chips, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 1 12.5 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Caramel Spoonable Ice Cream Topping], title: Caramel Oatmeal Bars, picturelink: CflRRANm.1mOiFnRySDiPpcRqX1KItK}, 20053: {instructions: Spread 8 of the bread slices with cream cheese, and the remaining 8 with jelly. Sandwich cream cheese slices with strawberry slices. Using star shaped cookie cutters, cut out shapes. Place strawberry slice on top of the sandwich, for garnish., ingredients: [16 slices whole grain walnut bread, Cream cheese, Strawberry jelly, 4 strawberries, hulled and thinly sliced], title: Nutty Star Sandwiches, picturelink: jTzlonHR5.PRmMPFh0xEJ6hHsUlUQ.}, 20054: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Sweat the peppers and onion in the olive oil until they become tender, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the curry paste, fish stock, and coconut milk to the pan, reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook for approximately 20 minutes. Add the lobster meat to the pan and simmer for another 20 minutes, letting the mixture reduce.nAdd the milk, butter, pineapple chunks, salt and sugar to the pan and stir with a wooden spoon to combine. Finally, add the scallions and cilantro to the pan and simmer for 2 more minutes. Serve on a bed of jasmine rice and garnish with chopped cilantro and toasted coconut.nBring just enough water to cover the rice to a boil in a medium sized pot over high heat. Add the rice to the pot, lower the heat to mediumlow, and cover with a lid. Steam the rice until it is cooked through yet still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain off the excess water, and season with salt, pepper, sugar and coconut, to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 Scotch bonnet peppers, minced, 1 red pepper, julienned, 1 red onion, sliced thinly lengthwise, 1 teaspoon curry paste, 2 cups fish stock, 2 cans coconut milk, 3 lobsters, boiled, meat removed and chopped, 14 cup milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 can pineapple chunks, juice drained, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 scallions, chopped, 1 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, plus extra for garnish, 1 cup flaked coconut, toasted, Jasmine Rice, recipe follows, Water, 2 cups jasmine rice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar, Toasted coconut, to taste], title: Spicy Coconut Curried Lobster on a bed of Jasmine Rice, picturelink: null}, 20055: {instructions: Place the chicken in a large bowl. Season liberally with pepper and grey salt. Toss with fennel seed and smoked paprika. Sprinkle the masa harina or flour over the chicken and toss to coat.nHeat a cast iron pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add 14 cup olive oil, when it begins to smoke, add the chicken, leaving the excess flour or masa harina in the bowl. Spreading the chicken evenly so it covers the bottom of the pot in 1 layer. You may have to cook the chicken in batches to do this, adding more olive oil as necessary.nLeave the chicken alone, without turning it, so the meat will brown and caramelize, about 5 minutes per side. The chicken has a lot of moisture in it, so a good amount of steam will come from the pan before it is caramelized. As it browns, turn each piece with tongs. Once all sides are caramelized, remove the meat from the pan with a slotted spoon, leaving juices in the pot.nOver medium heat, add another 14 cup of olive oil to pan along with the onions and garlic, cook until onions soften and caramelize, about 5 minutes. Add the jalapenos, cook until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste, chili powder and thyme, stir to combine. Add wine, bring to a simmer, then add the chicken stock, diced tomatoes and cooked chicken. Stir to incorporate everything, season with salt. Simmer until chicken is wonderfully tender, about 45 minutes.nAdd the white beans, zucchini, poblano, red pepper and scallions. Bring to a simmer and cook until vegetables are tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in basil. Serve immediately or cool and store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. To serve, sprinkle with grated Parmesan and drizzle with olive oil., ingredients: [3 pounds chicken thighs, skin and bones removed, cut into 34inch chunks, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Grey salt, 4 teaspoons fennel seeds, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 1 cup masa harina or all purpose flour, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus additional as needed to cook the chicken and for garnish, 4 red onions, minced, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 green jalapeno peppers with seeds, diced, 2 red jalapeno peppers with seeds, diced, 14 cup tomato paste, 6 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 2 cups white wine, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 12ounce can diced tomato in juices, 2 15ounce cans white beans, rinsed and drained or 4 cups cooked white beans, 3 zucchini, cut into 34inch pieces, 1 poblano pepper, diced, 1 orange or red bell pepper, diced, 1 bunch scallions, sliced, 12 cup torn basil leaves, Grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Chiarello Chicken and White Bean Chili With Veggies, picturelink: RQU2N0dBtm9yefyMDfZl6ukj3AIFsUq}, 20056: {instructions: Mix together the tomato, the scallion and the cilantro. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nSpread each of the 12 sourdough slices with one ounce of goat cheese. Top six of the slices with a slice of smoked turkey. Top each turkey slice with 16 of the tomato mixture, spread evenly. Top that with a thin layer of avocado slices, seasoned with salt and pepper. Top with the remaining slices of turkey and cover with the remaining 6 slices of bread which have been spread with goat cheese. Cut each sandwich in half and serve immediately.nAs a picnic item, or as a lunch: One sandwich per person is ideal. If its convenient to serve soup, a mug of Creamy Lentil Soup with Ancho Chiles would be a great accompaniment.nAs a buffet item: You could cut these sandwiches in quarters, place them on lettucelined platters, and serve small bites to 24 people., ingredients: [1 12 ounce tomato, finely minced about 1 cup, 1 tablespoon finely minced scallion, 2 heaping tablespoons finely minced cilantro, Salt and pepper, 12 slices nut bread, each about 13 thick, 3 wide, 6 long this is easiest to achieve if you cut the bread from a round loaf, 12 ounces goat cheese, 12 thin slices of smoked turkey breast, about 12 pound, 2 medium avocados, peeled, pitted, and cut into thin slices], title: Goat Cheese, Avocado and Smoked Turkey Sandwich on Sourdough Bread, picturelink: null}, 20057: {instructions: Place the watercress and endive in a large bowl. Drizzle lemon juice and olive oil over salad. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Serve with cheese and toasted pieces of baguette., ingredients: [4 bunches watercress, 2 to 3 bunches endive, leaves separated, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds Vacherin Mont dOr, Baguette], title: Watercress and Endive Salad, picturelink: null}, 20058: {instructions: In a bowl, combine all ingredients well. Season with salt or more honey, as desired., ingredients: [1 cup butter, 12 orange, zested, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Honey Orange Butter, picturelink: null}, 20059: {instructions: Two to three days before roasting, thaw the turkey in the refrigerator or in a cooler at 38 degrees F, tops.nCombine the vegetable broth, salt, sugar, peppercorns, allspice and ginger in a large stockpot and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Stir until the salt and sugar dissolve. Remove from the heat. Cool the brine to room temperature, then refrigerate.nThe eve before roasting, combine the brine, cold water and ice in a cooler. Place the thawed turkey guts, neck and whatnot removed breastside down in the brine. Seal up the cooler and use it as an ottoman. Target brine time: 12 hours flip the bird once about halfway through.nRoasting day: Heat the oven to 500 degrees F.nRemove the bird from the brine and rinse inside and out. Discard the brine.nPlace the bird on a roasting rack and place the rack inside a roasting pan. Pat the bird dry inside and out with paper towels. Allow the bird to sit at room temperature for at least an hour.nCombine the apple, onion, cinnamon and water in a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on high for 5 minutes. Drain and add to the turkeys cavity, along with the rosemary and sage. Truss, if you like. Lightly coat the bird with canola oil. Tuck the wings. Roast the bird on the lowest rack of the oven for 30 minutes.nInsert a probe thermometer into the thickest part of the breast and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nRoast until the thermometer registers 155 degrees F, about 2 12 hours.nRemove the bird from the oven, cover loosely with aluminum foil and let rest for at least 15 minutes before carving., ingredients: [One 14 to 16pound frozen natural, young turkey, 1 gallon vegetable broth, homemade or canned, 1 pound kosher salt, 1 pound dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 12 teaspoons allspice berries, 1 12 tablespoons chopped candied ginger, 1 quart cold water, 5 pounds ice, 1 red apple, quartered, 12 onion, quartered, 1 stick cinnamon, 1 cup water, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 6 leaves fresh sage, Canola oil], title: Thanksgiving Live Roast Turkey, picturelink: null}, 20060: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nSplit the club roll 23rds of the way down from the top center of the roll with a serrated knife. The roll bottom should be able to sit flat on a pie tin or cookie sheet. Spread Russian dressing generously over the inside of the roll. Layer turkey inside the roll. Place bacon strips over the turkey inside the roll. Layer Swiss cheese across the opening of the roll as a cap not tucked in roll. Bake for 57 minutes until cheese bubbles and starts turning light brown dark brown does not taste very good. Let stand for a minute to cool cheese so it doesnt burn anyone. To impress your friends, cut diagonally across center and serve while it is still steaming. For a variation use mayonnaise instead of Russian dressing. Add a little heat with some fresh horseradish especially good with the mayonnaise version. This sandwich is great with ranch flavored corn chips., ingredients: [8 club roll, Russian dressing, 4 oz. fresh carved or quality deli turkey, 23 slices of crisp bacon, 23 slices of Swiss cheese], title: Plumbers Hot Sub, picturelink: null}, 20061: {instructions: Add the tomatoes, cucumber, celery, grapes and jalapeno to a blender and puree. Line a sieve with cheesecloth, set over a large bowl and pour in the pureed mixture. Set the bowl in the refrigerator while it strains, about 30 minutes.nOnce the liquid has been extracted, remove the bowl from the refrigerator and discard the solids. Combine the horseradish, superfine sugar and 2 lime wedges in a pitcher and muddle with a wooden spoon. Stir in the tomato juice mixture, the vodka and some crushed ice until combined.nCombine 1 tablespoon each salt and pepper on a small plate. Rub a lime wedge around the rim of each glass, then dip the glass in the salt and pepper mixture. Pour the drink into glasses and garnish with cucumber spears and a few grape halves.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [4 green tomatoes, roughly chopped, 1 hothouse cucumber, roughly chopped, plus spears for garnish, 2 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 3 cups seedless green grapes, plus more for garnish, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, 2 lime wedges, plus more for the glasses, 2 to 3 ounces vodka, chilled, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: White Bloody Marys, picturelink: zH5iB80P6u.1OXc0bO.1sWtHSgeVwhS}, 20062: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy large frying pan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the carrot and celery and saute until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the turkey and saute 1 minute. Add the marinara sauce. Decrease the heat to mediumlow and simmer gently for 15 minutes to allow the flavors to blend, stirring often. Stir in the basil. Season the sauce, to taste, with salt and pepper. The sauce can be made 1 week ahead. Cool the sauce completely, then transfer it to a container and freeze for future use. Bring the sauce to a simmer before using.nMeanwhile, cook the spaghetti in a large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to bite, stirring often, about 8 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Add the pasta to the sauce and toss to coat, adding enough reserved cooking liquid to moisten as needed. Serve with the Parmesan., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 celery stalk, finely chopped, 1 pound shredded cooked turkey preferably dark meat, 3 cups marinara sauce, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound spaghetti, Freshly grated Parmesan], title: Turkey Bolognese, picturelink: KsYJOe3voy4EloURAsT0IL5npyCzB2a}, 20063: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a bowl of cold water large enough to hold the 6 artichoke hearts. Add the juice of 2 lemons to the water. Use a paring knife to trim the dark green skin from the stem and the base of each artichoke. Also slice about 2 to 3 inches off the top. In a circular motion, using a paring knife or peeler or your hands, peel the outer, dark green bitter layer of the heart until the fleshly, light green part is exposed. Trim and leave about 2 to 3 inches of the stem. Use a tablespoon to scoop out the hay or choke from the center of each artichoke. Squeeze some of the remaining lemon juice over the artichoke, if desired, rubbing the lemon directly on them to prevent them from discoloring, then submerge them in the lemon water.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine 14 to 12 cup olive oil, the bread crumbs, parsley and fennel with the fontina and Parmesan. Stir to blend. Season with salt, to taste. Remove the artichokes from the water, pat dry and transfer them to a bowl. Reseason with salt and drizzle them with about 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Stuff each artichoke with the bread crumb mixture and arrange them in a baking dish. Dont be afraid to pack the stuffing into each artichoke. Arrange them close together in the dish so they steam a little and create moisture as they cook. Top the artichokes with any remaining stuffing. Add a little water to the bottom of the baking dish to prevent the artichokes from drying out or scorching on the bottom as they cook. Cover the dish with a tight layer of aluminum foil and put the baking dish in the center of the oven.nAfter 45 minutes, remove the dish from the oven. Test the most tender part of the artichoke, where the stem and the heart meet, with the tip of a knife. The knife should pierce and remove without resistance. Remove the foil and put the dish under a broiler for 5 minutes. Remove the baking dish from the oven and allow to cool for a few minutes before serving. Cut each artichoke in half to reveal the stuffing, arrange on serving plates and serve., ingredients: [Cold water, as needed, 3 to 4 lemons, juiced, divided, 6 medium artichokes, stems trimmed, 14 to 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 cup coarse bread crumbs, lightly toasted, 12 bunch curly parsley, stemmed, washed, dried and chopped, 1 small or 12 medium bulb fennel, tough outer layer removed, halved lengthwise, cut into thin slices and very roughly chopped, 12 to 34 cup fontina cheese, cut into small cubes, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt], title: Stuffed Artichokes, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 20064: {instructions: In a large pot, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook, stirring, until the vegetables soften, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the eggplant, yellow squash and zucchini, and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, 5 more minutes. Stir in the basil and cook 1 more minute. Stir in the tomatoes with their juices and chicken broth and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer 10 minutes to allow the flavors to develop. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. Garnish with chopped basil and serve with Garlic Crostini.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the baguette slices on a baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake just until crispy and golden brown, about 5 minutes. Cool slightly, then each slice with the garlic clove.nPer serving: Calories 361 Total Fat 11 grams Saturated Fat 2 grams Protein 13 grams Total Carbohydrate 56 grams Sugar: 9 grams Fiber 8 grams Cholesterol 0 milligrams Sodium 924 milligrams, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 yellow onion, diced, 1 small eggplant, diced, 1 small yellow squash, diced, 1 small zucchini, diced, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, plus more for garnish, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Garlic Crostini, recipe follows, 12 French baguette, sliced on an angle, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 1 clove garlic], title: Ratatouille Stew, picturelink: null}, 20065: {instructions: Heat the canola oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the ginger and onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the grapefruit and orange juices and sugar and bring to a boil. Cook until the sugar has melted and the mixture reduces slightly.nStir in half of the cranberries and cook, stirring occasionally, until the berries pop and break down and the mixture begins to thicken. Add the remaining cranberries and Campari and cook just until the berries pop, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the orange zest and grapefruit segments and season lightly with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl, stir in some parsley and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons peeled and finely grated fresh ginger, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 1 cup fresh Texas Red grapefruit juice, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 12 cup pure cane sugar, plus more if needed, 1 pound fresh or frozen cranberries, 2 tablespoons Campari, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 2 Texas Red grapefruits, segmented, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped fresh parsley], title: GrapefruitCampari Cranberry Relish, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 20066: {instructions: Wash the rice twice in cold water to remove impurities and drain through a strainer.nAdd the rice to a large saucepan and cover with cold water until the water reaches about 12inch above the rice. Add a little salt, to taste, and bring the rice and the water to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low, stir the rice then cover with a tight lid and cook until all the water has been absorbed. The rice normally takes about 15 minutes to cook and should be light and fluffy when cooked. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [3 cups basmati rice, Cold water, Salt], title: Basmati Rice, picturelink: null}, 20067: {instructions: Combine the banana, coconut, date, cinnamon, nutmeg and coconut water in a blender and puree until smooth, adding more liquid if necessary. Pour into a glass and sprinkle with cinnamon., ingredients: [1 frozen banana, peeled and chopped, 14 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, 1 pitted date, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for sprinkling, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 34 cup coconut water], title: BananaCoconut Pudding Smoothie, picturelink: UQWSBstQx8oMvE98hfsUhRghx0yV5e}, 20068: {instructions: Puree all ingredients in a blender until smooth. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nPut all the ingredients in a small saucepan, and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. When sugar is dissolved, remove from heat. Cool, strain, and refrigerate.nYield: about 23 cup, ingredients: [12 chopped ripe mango, 1 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 14 cup freshlysqueezed orange juice, 2 tablespoons Spiced Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Pinch fine salt, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup water, 4 green cardamom pods, cracked, 2 allspice berries, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 whole clove], title: Mango Lassi, picturelink: null}, 20069: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Whisk together the orange juice, 12 cup water, honey and vanilla bean pod and seeds in a medium ovenproof skillet. Arrange the pineapple in the skillet. Its OK if the skillet seems overcrowded the pineapple will shrink as it cooks. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, and cook until the pineapple is tender and the juices are reduced to a loose syrup and very bubbly, 12 to 15 minutes.nWhile the pineapple cooks, pulse the flour and sugar in a food processor until combined. Add the butter, and pulse until the mixture is crumbly and moist. Add the egg, and process until the batter is combined and thick.nDrop the batter in small mounds all over the pineapple, and roughly spread out with the back of a spoon. Its OK if the pineapple isnt completely covered the cake will spread as it bakes to cover. Bake until the cake is golden brown, about 20 minutes. Let cool slightly, and serve with ice cream., ingredients: [Juice of 2 oranges 12 cup, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 12 a pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 12inchthick slices, 34 cup sifted selfrising cake flour, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, at cool room temperature, 1 large egg, Vanilla or cherryvanilla ice cream, for serving], title: PineappleVanilla Skillet Cake, picturelink: UuUHzJb4O4KaszivLFq2eq9OYVzmjQ6}, 20070: {instructions: Prepare custard according to package directions, using sugar and milk. Stir in wine. Cool for 15 minutes. Cut cake into 12 equal slices. Overlap 2 slices on each dessert plate. Top cake slices with some peach slices and 1 to 2 tablespoons of the peach juice. Spoon about 13 cup custard sauce over the peaches and then sprinkle with nutmeg., ingredients: [1 packet custard mix, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups milk, 12 cup dry Marsala wine, 1 16ounce frozen pound cake, thawed, 1 16ounce package frozen peach slices, thawed but not drained, Pinch ground nutmeg], title: Ooh La La Custard Cream Pound Cake, picturelink: null}, 20071: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nScald the milk and set aside.nIn a medium sauce pan, combine the butter and flour, cook to a light blonde color, making a light roux. Off of the heat, whisk some of the scalded milk into the roux, slowly incorporating all of the milk. Return the roux to a low flame, and whisk in 34 cup of sugar, orange juice concentrate, orange juice, vanilla, salt, bring to a boil remove from heat. Stir in the zest and orange liqueur. Carefully add some of the scalded milk mixture to the egg yolk, to balance the temperature, and then combine them both, whisking thoroughly. Cover, set aside, and cool.nPrepare 6 12ounce souffle cups by buttering them lightly and dusting them with sugar.nBeat the egg whites to medium stiff peaks, add the remaining sugar, and beat to stiff peaks. Fold the milk and egg mixture into the beaten egg whites. Fill the buttered and sugared souffle cups about 34 of the way. Bake, in a water bath, until puffed and golden, about 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 14 pound butter, plus more for greasing, 12 cup flour, 34 cup sugar, plus more, for dusting, plus 14 cup, 14 cup orange juice concentrate, 14 cup orange juice, Dash vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 12 ounce lemon zest about 1 tablespoon, 12 ounce orange zest about 1 tablespoon, 8 egg yolks, beaten to the ribbon stage, 1 ounce orange liqueur Recommended: Grand Marnier, 1 cup egg white], title: Orange Souffle, picturelink: null}, 20072: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nLine a heavy large baking sheet with foil. Cut crosshatch marks over the cut side of the eggplants. Arrange the eggplants and the Roma tomatoes cut side up on the prepared baking sheet. Brush with 2 tablespoons of oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nWhisk 2 tablespoons of oil, 2 teaspoons of garlic, and 14 teaspoon of oregano in a small bowl to blend. Stir in the diced tomatoes. Season with salt. Spoon the oil mixture over the eggplants. Sprinkle the eggplants with salt and pepper.nStir the bread crumbs, remaining 2 tablespoons of oil, 2 teaspoons of garlic, and 14 teaspoon of oregano in another small bowl to blend. Sprinkle the bread crumb mixture over the Roma tomatoes.nBake until the vegetables are tender and the bread crumb topping is brown, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 Japanese eggplants, halved lengthwise, 4 Roma tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 6 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 teaspoon dried oregano leaves, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, 13 cup dried plain bread crumbs], title: Roasted Eggplants and Tomatoes, picturelink: vpm2087VyJTRCzMqOGSU2q87j8iCXS2}, 20073: {instructions: Layer bottom of plate with marinated pears. Lightly coat arugula leaves with citronette dressing in a mixing bowl and lay on top of pears. Sprinkle the caramelized walnuts around the plate and top with shaved Parmesan.nAdd extravirgin olive oil to the lemon juice in a steady stream, slowly, while whisking, until the citronette is emulsified.nIn a saute pan over low flame add sugar and water, mix it well and allow to cook until sugar melts and gets golden brown in color. Mix in the butter and let thicken.. Add walnuts, mix until caramelized. Toss well. Make sure there is an even amount of coating, then drizzle the honey evenly over walnuts. Place on sheet pan and let cool., ingredients: [2 whole bartlett pears, sliced and marinated in lemon and sugar, 3 bunches of arugula, cleaned and dry, Citronette dressing, recipe follows, Caramelized walnuts, recipe follows, 2 ounces shaved Parmesan, 1 quart extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups lemon juice, 1 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup toasted walnuts, 2 ounces honey], title: Insalata Di Rucola E Pera, picturelink: RcDp2MyW8P6Xsh.ju13RRFRBBypKVxu}, 20074: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPulse hazelnuts in a food processor until nuts are finely ground. Be careful not to process them into a paste.nUnwrap cookie dough and transfer to a flat surface. Knead in hazelnuts. Roll cookie dough back into a log about the same size as the original. Slice log crosswise into 14inch thick slices and transfer slices to a large baking sheet. Bake 7 to 11 minutes, until cookies are golden around the edges. Cool cookies on wire racks.nWhile cookies are baking, melt chocolate chips in a double boiler over low heat.nWhen cookies are cooled, spread apricot preserves on 1 cookie and top with second cookie, making a sandwich. Repeat with the remaining cookies.nDip half of the sandwiched cookies in the melted chocolate and place on waxed or parchment paper to dry., ingredients: [1 cup toasted, skinned hazelnuts, 1 18ounce roll refrigerated sugar cookie dough, 12 cup apricot preserves, 1 11ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips], title: Cheaters Hazelnut Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: jRr.GWSDQH5bdssKdUwHo.rnUGLaxVG}, 20075: {instructions: For the sauce: Pound the garlic and chile in a large mortar with a pestle until pasty. Whisk in the fish sauce, sugar, lime juice, and 1 cup water until the sugar dissolves. Transfer to a serving bowl for dipping.nFor the banh xeo: Whisk the flour together with the scallion, salt, turmeric and 14 cup cold water in a bowl until completely smooth. Set aside.nHeat a wellseasoned 9inch carbon steel skillet over high heat until smoking hot. Add enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan generously and swirl to lightly coat the sides too. Add the shrimp and bacon, and cook, stirring and tossing, until the shrimp start to curl but before they become completely opaque, about 1 minute.nWhisk the batter again to mix in any flour that has settled on the bottom and ladle a spoonful into the pan. Swirl the pan to coat the bottom and an inch or so up the sides with a thin layer of the batter. Repeat two more times. Let the batter set, about 30 seconds.nDrizzle the egg over the crepe and swirl the pan to evenly coat the crepe with egg. The crepe should have released from the sides of the pan squirt oil between the crepe edges and the pan. Gently shake the pan to keep everything moving. Poke a hole in the crepe with a fork or spoon to keep it from bubbling up you want a flat crepe. Oil should be sputtering at the edges of the crepe. If it isnt, add more.nCook the crepe, oiling and shaking until the egg has set on top and the bottom of the crepe is dark brown around the edges and in speckles on the bottom. Pile the bean sprouts on one half and fold the other half over with a spatula. Hold the folded omelet against one side of the pan and tilt the oil out the other side into a heatsafe bowl. Discard.nLift the omelet out of the pan with the spatula and immediately serve with the shrimp and bacon, lettuce and shiso leaves, herbs and nuoc cham. Tear off a piece of omelet with a bunch of bean sprouts and tuck it into a lettuce leaf with a shiso leaf and some bacon and shrimp. Pluck a few fresh herb leaves of basil, cilantro, dill and mint, and stuff them in there too. Then roll it up and dip into the nuoc cham. Eat. Repeat., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, peeled, 14 red Thai birds eye chile, 14 cup fish sauce, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 14 cup Thai rice flour, 1 small scallion, very thinly sliced, Pinch fine sea salt, Pinch ground turmeric, Vegetable oil, 5 small 2630 count shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 strip thickcut bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 large egg, beaten, 12 cup bean sprouts, 8 green and red lettuce leaves, 4 shiso leaves, Fresh basil leaves, Fresh cilantro leaves, Fresh dill sprigs, Fresh mint leaves], title: Traditional Banh Xeo with Nuoc Cham Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20076: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium. Butterfly the steak by cutting horizontally through the center until the two halves open flat. Cover with plastic wrap and pound it to about 14 inch thick. Cut into 3 equal rectangles.nLay out each steak rectangle. Season with 1 tablespoon steak seasoning. Lay a piece of the roasted red pepper along the bottom edge of each. Sprinkle each with 13 cup cheese. Starting at the bottom edge, roll each rectangle into a tight log. Place the 3 rolls parallel to one another. Pierce the 3 rolls with 6 evenly spaced skewers so each skewer goes through the center of all rolls. Slice the rolls between the skewers to make 6 skewers with 3 pieces on each. Season with the remaining 1 tablespoon steak seasoning.nMake the spicy yogurt sauce: Combine the steak seasoning, yogurt, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce and parsley in a bowl.nBrush the grill grates with the canola oil. Grill the skewers for 3 minutes on all sides. Serve with the sauce. Photograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 pounds flank steak, 2 tablespoons Montreal steak seasoning, 1 12ounce jar roasted red peppers, halved, 1 cup shredded pepper jack cheese, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 teaspoon Montreal steak seasoning, 12 cup plain yogurt, 12 tablespoon hot sauce, 12 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Pepper Steak Skewers, picturelink: ZEbq2hHmVxlpCzr4qzcoC5r1lCkvatS}, 20077: {instructions: Garnish: Halved red yellow pear or cherry tomatoesnIn a blender, puree tomatoes, whitewine vinegar, salt, and olive oil until smooth. Pour tomato mixture through a sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids. Yellow tomato coulis keeps, covered and chilled, 2 days.nServe yellow tomato coulis garnished with halved tomatoes., ingredients: [1 pound yellow pear or cherry tomatoes about 2 23 cups, 2 teaspoons whitewine vinegar, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Yellow Tomato Coulis, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 20078: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saute pan over high heat, add canola oil. Saute red onions and bell peppers until translucent. Add ginger, garlic, bamboo shoots, celery, chicken, and cook for 5 minutes over medium heat. Deglaze pan with soy sauce. Cool mixture.nIn large bowl combine cabbage, carrots and chicken mixture.nIn medium saucepan, heat rice bran oil to 350 degrees F. Oil needs to be deep enough to keep egg roll from touching bottom of pan. Add more oil, if needed.nTo roll egg rolls, layout egg roll skin with corner facing you, place approximately 112th of mixture on roll and place 2 pieces of avocado on top of mixture. Fold corner over mixture, and then fold outside corners over the mixture, making a roll, 4 to 5inches wide. Roll firmly, being careful not to tear wrapper, and seal the final edge with egg wash.nDredge the egg roll in egg wash, allow excess to drain off and submerge egg roll in oil. Fry until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on sheet tray lined with a cooling rack., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup finely minced red onion, 14 cup finely minced red bell peppers, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup sliced bamboo shoots, 14 cup finely chopped celery, 2 cups chopped chicken breast, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 cup julienned green cabbage, 12 cup shredded carrots, 4 cups rice bran oil or canola oil, 12 egg roll wrappers, 2 avocados, sliced into 24 pieces, 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon milk, Jarred sweet chili sauce, for dipping], title: Chicken Avocado Egg Rolls, picturelink: QWJJ9sGaUx56PM0lm1C4A6SRRvkggsa}, 20079: {instructions: In a small bowl add orange zest and 4 sprigs of mint. In a second bowl add the lime zest and ginger. To a third bowl add 34 cup of the raspberries.nIn a pot mix the sugar and 3 cups water. Put over medium heat and bring it to a boil, then evenly divide the sugar syrup among the 3 bowls. Stir each to mix and let cool to room temperature. Pour each mixture into jars or syrup containers and refrigerate until ready to use or up to 2 weeks.nSet up the Spritzer Bar:nSet out chilled bottles of sparkling water. Put out plenty champagne flutes or wine glasses. Let people create their own Sparkling Spritzer by mixing about 3 tablespoons of a flavored syrup with some seltzer water and a shot of vodka or Prosecco, if desired. Garnish the drinks with mint sprigs, orange slices or lime slices., ingredients: [1 orange, zested and sliced, 8 sprigs fresh mint, 1 lime, zested and sliced, 1inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced, 1 cup frozen raspberries, 3 cups sugar, 3 cups water, 4 bottles sparkling water, 1 bottle vodka, optional, 2 bottles Prosecco, optional], title: Sparkling Spritzer Bar, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 20080: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 standard muffin tins with 16 foil cupcake liners set aside.nPlace shortbread cookie crumbs, sugar, and melted butter in a medium bowl stir until well combined set aside.nIn the mixing bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat cream cheese and sour cream until smooth. Add eggs 1 at a time and mix just until combined. Scrape down sides of the bowl. Add vegetable oil, water, and the box of lemon pudding. Mix until combined. Add cake mix and beat on medium speed for 2 to 3 minutes. Batter will be on the thick side.nPlace a slightly heaping tablespoon of shortbread cookie crumb mixture into the bottom of each prepared muffin cup. Use your fingers or the bottom of a small glass to firmly pack crumbs into the bottom of each cupcake liner. Reserve remaining shortbread cookie crumb mixture for topping.nUse a 14 cup spring loaded ice cream scoop and place a level scoop full of batter into each muffin cup.nLoad the lemon curd into a small sandwich size resealable bag, removing the air from the bag before sealing. Squeeze the curd to 1 corner of the bag and use scissors to snip a 14 inch piece from corner of bag set aside.nWith a damp finger or the end of a wooden spoon dipped in water, make a shallow indentation into the center of each cupcake. Pipe 34 to 1 teaspoon lemon curd into each indentation. Sprinkle tops of cupcakes evenly with remaining shortbread cookie crumbs.nBake for 21 to 23 minutes, rotating pans halfway through baking, until edges of cupcakes are lightly golden brown.nServe cupcakes warm from the oven or at room temperature.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 13 cups shortbread cookie crumbs, 22 Lorna Doone Shortbread Cookies, 14 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 14 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup water, 1 small box 3.4 ounce instant lemon pudding, 1 18.25 ounce box lemon cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker Super Moist, 13 cup lemon curd], title: Lemony Sunshine Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 20081: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter 1 4 by 3inch cake pan, 1 6 by 3inch cake pan and 1 8 by 3inch cake pan. Line the bottoms with parchment paper, and butter and flour the pans.nSift the flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt together in a medium bowl.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugars on high speed until light, approximately 5 minutes. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix well. Combine the buttermilk, sour cream, and coffee. On low speed, add the flour mixture and the buttermilk mixture alternately in thirds, beginning with the buttermilk mixture and ending with the flour mixture. Mix the batter only until blended.nDivide the batter between the 3 pans and smooth the tops with a spatula. Bake on the middle rack of the oven as follows: for the 4inch pan 45 to 50 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean for the 6inch pan 70 to 75 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean and for the 8inch pan 85 to 90 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool the cakes in the pans for 10 minutes each on a cooling rack, carefully remove from the pans and allow to finish cooling.nPlace the 8inch cake on a serving plate, flat side up. Frost the top of that layer with buttercream. Place the 6inch cake in the center of the top of the 8inch cake, flatside up, and frost the top and sides. Place the 4inch cake in the center of the top of the 6inch cake, flat side down. Frost the top and sides of that layer with buttercream. Spread any remaining buttercream over the cake evenly.nChop the chocolates and place them in a heatproof bowl set over a pan simmering water. Stir until melted and set aside until cooled to room temperature.nMix the egg whites, sugar, cream of tartar, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Place the bowl of egg whites over the pan of simmering water and heat the egg whites until they are warm to the touch, about 5 minutes. Return the bowl to the electric mixer and whisk on high speed for 5 minutes, or until the meringue is cool and holds a stiff peak.nAdd the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, while beating on medium speed. Scrape down the bowl, add the melted chocolate, vanilla, espresso, and rum, if using, and mix for 1 minute or until the chocolate is completely blended in. If the buttercream seems very soft, allow it to cool, and beat it again.nYield: about 4 cups, ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups good cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 13 cups granulated sugar, 1 13 cups light brown sugar, packed, 4 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 4 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups buttermilk, at room temperature, 1 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 14 cup brewed coffee, Chocolate Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, 1 pound bittersweet chocolate, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, 34 cup egg whites 4 to 5 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 pounds unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 teaspoons instant espresso powder, dissolved in 1 12 teaspoons water, 3 tablespoons dark rum, optional], title: Tiered Chocolate Buttercream Cake, picturelink: YrVOyLLK2L16JbOxNZWHk3lDqUvbuc2}, 20082: {instructions: Slice 4 pounds butternut or calabaza squash into thick wedges and remove the seeds. Place cutside up in a baking dish. Combine 13 cup maple syrup, 13 cup water, the zest and juice of 1 lemon, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, and a pinch each of salt and pepper pour over the squash and dot with 4 tablespoons butter. Bake 20 minutes at 350, then flip the squash and bake until caramelized and tender, 25 more minutes, basting halfway through.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson.nCalories: 161 Total Fat: 6 grams Saturated Fat: 4 grams Protein: 2 grams Total carbohydrates: 29 grams Sugar: 11 grams Fiber: 3.5 grams Cholesterol: 15 milligrams Sodium: 46 milligrams, ingredients: [], title: LemonMaple Squash, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 20083: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line standard cupcake pans with 24 cupcake liners.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the sugar and shortening. In a separate bowl, add the baking soda to the tomato soup. Mix the flour, salt, baking powder, nutmeg, and cloves in another bowl. Alternate adding the soup mixture and the flour mixture to the shortening, starting and ending with the soup mixture. Add in the nuts and raisins, if desired, and combine only until mixed. Fill the cupcake liners 23 full. Bake until the cupcake springs back when touched, about 20 minutes. Transfer the pans to wire racks to cool completely before removing the cupcakes.nTo assemble: Frost the cooled cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese, butter, and salt on mediumhigh speed until smooth. Turn the speed to low and beat in the confectioners sugar, 12 cup at a time. Once all sugar is incorporated, increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until light and fluffy. Use right away or refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup shortening, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 10 34ounce can tomato soup, 2 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 cup nuts, chopped optional, 12 cup raisins optional, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, Pinch salt, 2 14 cups confectioners sugar], title: Tomato Soup Cupcakes, Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: RCBXM7xdmQlip5qb2Nls6TW7IEW9hfO}, 20084: {instructions: Heat milk in a medium saucepan until warmed through but do not boil. While the milk is being heated grind the coffee beans in the coffee grinder. Add the freshly ground coffee to your French press. Add 3 12 cups of hot boiling water then add the lidfilter assembly. Let it steep for 3 to 4 minutes then slowly press the plunger down in a steady, even manner.nWhile the coffee is steeping, remove milk from heat and set on a kitchen towel on your counter top so its on a slight angle. Set an immersion blender in the shallow end of the pot and froth the milk on high speed until the foam holds, about 2 to 3 minutes blending on high. Divide the coffee out amongst the cups and spoon the frothed milk on top of each. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 1 cup of your favorite, good quality, coffee beans use 1 rounded tablespoon ground coffee per cup of coffee, Special equipment: immersion blender], title: French Press Vanilla Cappuccino, picturelink: mLoPM5EVpeJquzaYDLxiQUAAzdtFxAW}, 20085: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill pan to mediumhigh.nIn a plastic resealable bag, big enough to fit the chops, mix together the sugar, honey, oil, lime juice, and red pepper flakes. Add the pork chops and let marinate for at least 20 minutes.nRemove the pork from the marinade. Lightly brush the grill with oil. Put the chops on the grill and cook until grill marks form, about 2 minutes. Rotate the chops 90 degrees, and grill for 2 minutes more, to create diamond grill marks. Flip and cook another 2 minutes. Remove from grill to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [14 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus extra for grill, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 8 thinly cut about 12inch thick smoked pork chops], title: Grilled Smoked Pork Chops with Sweet and Sour Glaze, picturelink: fvds84Q4EL0vAKb02svLu0kNgCYGA6}, 20086: {instructions: For the sauce: Put all of the ingredients into a bowl and toss to combine.nFor the fritters: In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, turmeric and ground ginger. Add 1 tablespoon of canola oil and whisk in the beer. Set aside in a warm place because, like a bread dough, it will puff up slightly.nPut the cauliflower in a mediumsize bowl and use a small strainer to sprinkle it with an even layer of the paprika. Toss to coat.nIn a large pot, over medium heat, add the remaining 6 cups of canola oil and heat to 350 degrees F.nPrepare a baking sheet fitted with paper towels or a kitchen towel to drain the florets as they come out of the oil. Stir the batter slightly. To test the consistency of the batter and the temperature of the oil, put a couple of pieces of cauliflower on a slotted spoon or spider Chefs Note: Alternatively, use your fingers, and submerge them into the batter. It should coat the pieces lightly. Chefs Note: If the batter is too thick, add a little water to thin it out. If the batter is too thin, sift and whisk in a little more flour.nTest 1 piece of cauliflower to check for seasoning. Drain the excess batter and lower the cauliflower bite into the oil. It should bubble slightly and the cauliflower should gradually rise to the surface. Fry until golden brown on all sides and transfer the piece to a kitchen towel. Season with salt and, when cool enough, taste. Season the remaining uncooked cauliflower with salt, if desired, prior to dredging in the batter. Fry the cauliflower in small batches and drain on the prepared baking sheet. Season with salt, if desired, and transfer to a serving bowl. Garnish with the CilantroGinger Sauce and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 1 splash red wine vinegar, 1 small bunch cilantro leaves, snipped with scissors, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more as needed, 1 tablespoon turmeric, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus 6 cups for frying, divided, 1 12 bottles beer, at room temperature, 1 large head cauliflower, stemmed, broken into bitesize pieces, washed and thoroughly dried, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, Water, for thinning], title: Cauliflower Fritters, picturelink: null}, 20087: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the turkey: In a small bowl, mix the kosher salt, truffle salt, chopped thyme and pepper flakes. Lay the turkey flat on a rimmed baking sheet, skinside down, and then pat it dry with paper towels. Generously sprinkle the inside of the turkey with half of the seasoning mixture, being sure the hit the thick parts a bit heavier than the thin parts. Flip the turkey and sprinkle the skin side with the remaining seasoning. Cover the turkey with a piece of loose parchment paper and refrigerate for at least 12 hours or up to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRest the turkey at room temperature for 30 minutes before roasting.nOn a clean, rimmed baking sheet, scatter the thyme sprigs, celery, carrots, rosemary and onions. Pat the turkey dry one more time and place on the bed of vegetables skinside up. Tuck the wings under the shoulders. Mix together the truffle butter and oil in a small bowl. Pour the butter mixture over the bird and brush evenly on the skin. Roast until an instantread thermometer reads 155 degrees F in both the thigh and the thickest part of the breast, about 1 hour and 20 minutes.nPlace the turkey on a cutting board to rest for 20 minutes before carving. Strain any juices from the bottom of the baking sheet and skim off any fat that may rise to the surface. Carve the turkey.nFor the gravy: In a medium saucepan set over mediumhigh heat, heat the chicken broth, thyme sprigs and bay leaf. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to maintain a simmer. In a small bowl, whisk the cornstarch and 14 cup water until smooth and no lumps remain. Whisk the cornstarch slurry into the simmering broth. Continue to whisk until smooth and thick, about 5 minutes. Whisk in the reserved turkey drippings, the kosher salt and truffle salt. Remove the thyme sprigs and bay leaf and serve the gravy with the carved turkey., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons black truffle salt, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, One 12pound turkey, back bone and keel bone removed, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 stalks celery, halved, 2 carrots, halved, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 onion, quartered, 2 tablespoons black truffle butter, melted, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cups unsalted chicken broth, such as Kitchen Basics, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon black truffle salt], title: Crispy Truffled Turkey, picturelink: uAZfx8sjrV2oneJCPYik2E5EcIhYgu}, 20088: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the base: Whisk together the milk, sugar, cocoa, cornstarch, vanilla and a pinch of salt in a medium saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils, about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, and continue whisking until thickened, about 30 seconds more.nMix in addins as desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups cold milk, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, AddIns:, Tropical:, 1 tablespoon rum, Whipped cream, for garnish, Toasted coconut, for garnish, Smoky:, 1 tablespoon Scotch, such as Johnny Walker Black, Toasted marshmallows, for garnish, Smoked salt, for garnish, Peppermint:, 1 tablespoon peppermint schnapps, Peppermint stick, for garnish], title: Homemade Hot Chocolate 3 Ways, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 20089: {instructions: For the filling: Add the oil to a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, sofrito, and peppers, stirring occasionally until soft. Add the tomato paste, adobo, and cilantro, stirring occasionally until combined. Add the ground beef, season, and stir until the mixture reaches 160 degrees F. Remove from the heat, strain, and allow the mixture to cool.nFor the empanada dough: Sift the flour, sugar, and salt onto parchment paper. Place the sifted dry ingredients into a food processor. Add the remainder of the ingredients to the food processor and process until the dough looks like a ball. Remove the ball from the food processor and cover it with plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nTransfer the pastry onto a lightly floured board and roll out until it is 116inch thick. Cut into segments with a 4inch dough cutter. Each cut will create a dough round. Put 1 tablespoon of the filling onto the upper half of each round, and then fold the bottom pastry up into a halfmoon shape. Crimp the edges closed with your finger to fold the upper and bottom halves together. Repeat this step until all the edges are closed.nFor the guava sauce: Blend all the ingredients in a food processor until the mixture is silky and smooth. Pour the sauce in a separate dish or bowl for dipping.nPut about 2 inches of oil into a heavy, deep skillet over medium heat and heat to 350 degrees F. Add the empanadas, a few at a time, and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 5 minutes per side.nServe with guava sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, minced, 12 cup sofrito garlic, cilantro, sweet peppers, 1 red bell pepper, minced, 4 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons adobo salt, freshly ground black pepper, and Dominican oregano, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 pounds ground beef, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons salt, 4 ounces butter, 2 ounces white vinegar, 2 ounces water, 1 egg, 1 pound guava paste, 14 cup white vinegar, 8 ounces water, 14 cup rum, Olive oil or neutral tasting oil, for frying], title: Beef Empanadas, picturelink: fhP2cPZwHDcJclrCxTHG1glVfjIfhFa}, 20090: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together, the sherry vinegar, olive oil, cracked black pepper and salt. Set aside.nIn a large bowl add all the remaining ingredients. Drizzle the dressing over the salad, toss and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups arugula leaves, washed, 2 cups watercress leaves, washed, 12 cup thinly sliced button mushrooms, 12 cup halved cherry tomatoes, 12 shallot, thinly sliced], title: Tangy and Tossed Salad, picturelink: null}, 20091: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chicken in a large pot with 14 cups water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then immediately reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 1 hour. Periodically skim off the foam and scum that floats to the top. Transfer the chicken to a platter to cool.nAdd the carrots, fennel, onion, garlic, chiles, star anise and ginger to the stock and simmer until the garlic is fork tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Shred the chicken breast and leg meat about 4 cups total, and add back to the soup along with the broccoli. Simmer for 5 minutes, and season with salt and pepper. Remove the chiles and ginger, and then serve the soup garnished with fennel fronds., ingredients: [One 4pound chicken, rinsed and giblets discarded, 2 cups 14inch sliced carrots, 2 cups 12inch diced fennel, 2 cups 12inch diced onions, 10 cloves garlic, peeled and trimmed, 2 whole dried arbol chiles, 2 whole star anise, One 2inch piece ginger, peeled, 1 12 cups broccoli florets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fennel fronds], title: Flu Fighter Chicken Soup with Garlic and Star Anise, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 20092: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBake the potatoes until forktender, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the salt cod, milk, garlic, thyme and onions in a saucepan. Bring to a slow simmer and cook until the cod flakes, 20 to 30 minutes. Strain the mixture, reserving separately both the milk and the codgarliconion mixture. Remove the thyme and discard.nWhile the potatoes are still warm, rice them through a food mill. Stir the cod mixture into the riced potatoes. Add the butter, creme fraiche and enough of the reserved milk to make it smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nTransfer to a serving bowl, garnish with the capers, dill, parsley and lemon zest and serve with crostini if desired., ingredients: [2 Idaho potatoes, 1 pound salt cod, soaked for 24 hours, water changed 3 times, 2 cups milk, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 Spanish onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley, 1 lemon, zest cut into thin strips, Crostini, for serving, optional], title: Salt Cod Brandade, picturelink: 36BQofC5Y6GzR0iHMA4U7NgLPOI7k2}, 20093: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 20094: {instructions: The idea is to get an even cylinder of beef fillet, about 12 inches long and 2 to 3 inches in diameter. Trim the fillet of all fat and sinew, then tie it with a string to keep a round shape. Coat the fillet with freshly ground pepper and salt and refrigerate it for 3 to 4 hours.nBring to boil in an oval dutch oven: dark beef stock, leeks, carrots, onions, white turnips whole black peppercorns, brandy and ground clove. Simmer gently for 2 hours. Add beef. Cook for about 20 minutes, or until beef is very rare. Remove from liquid, discard any vegetables and let stand for 5 minutes.nWhile beef is poaching, prepare the sauce. Reduce to about 4 teaspoons: dry white wine, chopped shallots, and whole black peppercorns.nPlace in another saucepan: creme fraiche and egg yolk. Whisk together, then slowly whisk in the strained reduction liquid. Cook over gentle heat, stirring until egg yolk thickens the sauce slightly. Add grated nutmeg. Season, to taste., ingredients: [1 1 34 pound fillet of beef, cut from the tournedos section, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 10 cups dark beef stock, 1 12 pounds leeks, washed, white and light green parts cut in coarse chunks, 12 pound carrots, peeled and cut in coarse chunks, 1 pound onions, peeled and cut in coarse chunks, 12 pound white turnips, peeled and cut in coarse chunks, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 14 cup brandy, 18 teaspoon ground clove, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 12 cup coarsely chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon white peppercorns, 23 cup creme fraiche, 1 egg yolk, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon white peppercorns, crushed coarsely with a heavy cleaver], title: Poached Fillet of Beef with White Peppercorn Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20095: {instructions: Grill, steam or boil the hot dogs. In the meantime, heat the Chili until hot throughout. Place each hot dog in a bun, and top each with a generous amount of Chili, coleslaw and yellow mustard, and then serve.nIn a stockpot or Dutch oven, combine the beef do not brown first, onions, tomato sauce, paste, chili powder, sugar, salt, pepper, garlic salt and 2 cups water. Mix until combined, then add the bay leaves. Cover and simmer over mediumlow heat for about 2 hours.nStir in the vinegar and simmer another 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 hot dogs, 4 hot dog buns, 1 cup Chili, recipe follows, 1 cup storebought coleslaw, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 2 pounds lean ground beef, 1 medium yellow onion, grated, One 16ounce can tomato sauce, One 12ounce can tomato paste, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic salt, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar], title: West Virginia Style Hot Dog, picturelink: YYmOvAZATQ.uDHLRAojlcRaH3oCKoDW}, 20096: {instructions: For the crispy layer: Line a 9inch square pan with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on two sides. Lightly coat the foil and a wooden spoon with cooking spray.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the marshmallows, honey, vanilla and a pinch of salt, and stir with the prepared wooden spoon until the marshmallows have completely melted, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the rice cereal, and stir until the mixture is fully combined. Transfer the mixture to the prepared pan, and press into an even layer. Let sit at room temperature until firm, about 20 minutes.nFor the cheesecake layer: Meanwhile, combine the gelatin with 2 tablespoons water in a small microwavesafe bowl, and set aside to soften, about 5 minutes.nBeat the cream cheese on mediumhigh speed in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a hand mixer until completely smooth, about 1 minute. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the sour cream, sugar, lemon juice, vanilla and a pinch of salt, and beat on medium high speed until incorporated and smooth, about 1 minute.nMicrowave the gelatin until melted, stirring as needed, about 30 seconds. Add the gelatin to the cream cheese mixture, and beat on medium high speed to combine, about 30 seconds.nTo assemble: Pour the cream cheesegelatin mixture over the cooled crispy layer, and spread out evenly. Wrap the pan loosely with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until the cheesecake layer is set, about 2 hours. The bars can be assembled and refrigerated overnight. Cut into 16 bars, and top each with raspberries and blueberries before serving.nCopyright 2014 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 ounces mini marshmallows, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 4 cups crispy rice cereal, One 14ounce packet unflavored powdered gelatin, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup sour cream, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 2 cups mixed raspberries and blueberries, for topping], title: CrispyTreat Cheesecake Bars, picturelink: 5ZxmZlZJSZPEJOA6qexPqz0LwLCCHG}, 20097: {instructions: Position an oven rack 4 to 5 inches from the heating element, and preheat the broiler. Line a baking sheet with foil.nCut the stem end off the jalapenos, cut each in half lengthwise and remove and discard the seeds wear foodgrade gloves if your skin is sensitive. Arrange the jalapenos skinside up on the prepared baking sheet, and brush with the oil. Broil until the peppers are blackened and puffy, 3 to 4 minutes. When cool enough to handle, rub off the skins running under cold water helps. Cut 2 of the halves into large dice so you have 32 pieces 1 for the top of each biscuit set aside. Finely chop the rest of the peppers, and transfer to a medium bowl.nSwitch the oven from broil to bake, and preheat to 400 degrees F. Remove the foil from the baking sheet, and line it with parchment. Beat the egg well in a small bowl.nAdd the cream cheese, mozzarella and half the egg to the bowl with the chopped peppers, add 14 teaspoon salt and mix to combine.nSeparate the biscuit rounds, and cut each into quarters. Make a deep indentation in the center of each quarter, and fill with a heaping teaspoon of the peppercheese mixture it will mound above the biscuit a fair amount. Brush any exposed biscuit with the remaining beaten egg. Bake until the biscuits are puffed and golden around the top, 10 to 12 minutes. Garnish each with a piece of reserved jalapeno., ingredients: [5 jalapeno peppers, 12 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 large egg, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup shredded mozzarella about 5 ounces, Kosher salt, One 16.3ounce tube storebought biscuit dough], title: Jalapeno Popper Mini Biscuits, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 20098: {instructions: Heat a medium nonstick pan with butter over medium low heat.nWhisk eggs with cream and salt and pepper. Scramble eggs soft only, stir in cheese and chives and continue to cook a minute more then serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, cut into small bits, 8 large eggs, 13 cup heavy cream, eyeball it, Salt and pepper, 12 pound farm house Cheddar, shredded or diced, 12 blades fresh chives, chopped], title: Cream Eggs with Irish Cheese and Chives, picturelink: .Iq9TIF8yXaNnbc.0HX.i6s0NCBk8GC}, 20099: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a stand mixer, mix the beef, cracker crumbs, egg, ketchup, mustard, salt, pepper, and onion until just blended. Shape the mixture into two loaves and place side by side crosswise in a 9by13by2inch pan. Bake the loaves for 1 hour, or until they are browned. Transfer to a platter immediately and allow the loaves to cool slightly and firm up before slicing.nFor sandwich: cut 2 thick slices of cooled meatloaf and place on white bread with lettuce and tomato. If youve never had a cold meatloaf sandwich the next day, you dont know what youre missing, ingredients: [2 pounds lean ground beef, 20 saltine crackers, crumbled, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 yellow onion, finely chopped, Slices of white bread, lettuce and tomato, for making sandwiches, optional], title: Meatloaf, picturelink: NFYcKud5Ch8f1dgQnBfEyMQQkMVl6}}