{20400: {instructions: In a mediumsize saucepan, bring the milk, 2 cups water and bay leaf to a boil. Season generously with salt, almost to the point of over seasoning. How do you know that you are there TASTE IT When it has reached a boil, slowly whisk in the polenta in small sprinkles. Once all of the polenta has been incorporated, reduce the heat to medium and immediately switch over to stirring with a wooden spoon. Cook the polenta until it begins to pull away from the pan, adding water to loosen it up if it becomes too thick.nWhen the polenta is thoroughly cooked, it should look creamy and not feel gritty on your tongue. Remove it from the heat and stir in the Parmesan and mascarpone., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup mascarpone], title: Soft Parmesan Polenta, picturelink: peQbH4MYj3YjtBg.EFMxikGvpEbxQX2}, 20401: {instructions: Reduce the golden beet juice to 14 cup or until it reaches the consistency of maple syrup. Reduce the rutabaga juice to 14 cup or until it reaches the consistency of maple syrup. It is essential to skim the foam from each juice as they reduce. Slowly add the golden beet to the rutabaga juice  this is important as the rutabaga juice is very tannic and the beet juice very sweet. It is easy to overpower the sauce with the sweetness of the beets. Once you have achieved a good balance, add the reduced pork glace and cardamom pods. Simmer until the flavors meld  about 2 minutes. Strain through a fine mesh strainer, then blend in lemon oil with an emersion blender. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nPlace the preroasted beets and rutabaga in a preheated 375 degree oven. Heat a medium saute pan over a medium flame. Season each tenderloin with salt and pepper. Roll the loins in the mustard seed and oil lightly. Add the tenderloins to the pan and sear each side. Transfer to a preheated 375 degree oven for 8 to 12 minutes, depending on the size of the tenderloin. For medium doneness, cook to an internal temperature of 140 degrees. Remove the tenderloins from the pan and rest 5 minutes before slicing. Place the pan back on the fire and deglaze with the Armagnac. Reduce the Armagnac until nearly dry, then add the rutabagagolden beet sauce. Remove the beets and split in half. Remove the rutabaga and cut into wedges. Arrange the beets and rutabagas in the center of 2 hot plates. Slice each pork loin and arrange against the vegetables on each plate. Sauce each plate, sprinkle with sunflower seeds and top with sunflower sprouts., ingredients: [12 quart golden beet juice, 1 quart rutabaga juice, 1 14 cup pork glace made from rich ham hock stock, 8 green cardamom pods, 1 tablespoon lemon oil, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 medium golden beets, scrubbed and roasted until tender, 12 medium rutabaga, roasted until tender, 1 3pound pork tenderloin, 2 tablespoons toasted mustard seeds, lightly cracked, 1 teaspoon extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 14 cup Armagnac, 12 cup rutabaga and golden beet sauce, 1 tablespoon sunflower seeds, 2 sprigs sunflower sprouts], title: Mustard Roasted Pork Tenderloin with Armagnac, Rutabaga and Golden Beet, picturelink: null}, 20402: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a medium bowl, combine cheese, butter, flour and cayenne with a fork until a doughlike form forms. Scoop up a tablespoon of the dough and enclose one olive with dough. Roll into a ball and place on baking sheet. Repeat process using up remaining dough. Sprinkle with paprika. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup shredded cheddar cheese, 2 tablespoon butter, softened, 12 cup flour, Dash of cayenne, 24 stuffed green olives drained and dried, Paprika], title: Olive Cheese Balls, picturelink: null}, 20403: {instructions: In a small bowl, gently fold the crab with the avocado, cucumber, tomato concasse, shallots, chives and lemon juice together. In a larger, separate bowl, fold the mayonnaise with the whipped cream. Using a spatula, fold the crab mixture into the mayonnaise mixture. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nPlace a 3inch round cookie cutter in the center of a chilled plate. Fill the cookie cutter with the crab salad and remove the cookie cutter. There should be a cylinder of crab salad. Drizzle the Gazpacho Coulis around the crab salad, and garnish with chervil or basil.nIn a food processor, liquefy the tomato, tomato paste and cucumber. Juice the red pepper, garlic, and celery. With the food processor running, add the juice and olive oil to the tomato puree. Season with salt., ingredients: [3 ounces jumbo lump crab, picked over to remove cartilage and bones, 1 ounce avocado, diced, 1 ounce cucumber, diced, 1 ounce tomato concasse, 14 ounce shallots, finely chopped, 14 ounce chives, finely sliced, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 ounces mayonnaise, 2 ounces stiffly beaten whipped cream, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons Gazpacho Coulis, recipe follows, 3 to 4 sprigs chervil or leaves of basil, for garnish, 1 tomato, peeled and seeded, 12 teaspoon tomato paste, 1 small cucumber, peeled and seeded, 1 red bell pepper, seeded, 1 clove garlic, peeled and cleaned, 1 rib celery, cleaned and trimmed, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt], title: Crab, Avocado and Cucumber Tian with Gazpacho Coulis, picturelink: null}, 20404: {instructions: Butter a 13 by 9inch baking dish, and put the cubed brioche in it. Sprinkle with the pecans.nWhisk together the halfandhalf, milk, eggs, butter, brown sugar, bourbon, vanilla, cinnamon, salt, and nutmeg in a large bowl.nPour the custard mixture over the bread in the baking dish, giving the bread a stir to make sure its coated. Let the pudding sit for 1 hour, so the bread can fully absorb the milk.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Once it is ready, put the dish in the oven and bake for 50 minutes, or until puffy and set. Remove, and let stand 10 minutes before serving. This is absolutely lovely when served with some fresh whipped cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, plus more for greasing, 10 cups cubed brioche bread from a 1pound loaf, 1 cup chopped pecans, 4 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup whole milk, 5 eggs, beaten, 1 cup packed darkbrown sugar, 3 tablespoons bourbon, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg], title: Bourbon Bread Pudding, picturelink: c7iepf2pK4eO4yPZNAHMI8wV90GqEu}, 20405: {instructions: Blanch and shock spinach. Squeeze out all water from spinach. Place spinach, cream, sour cream and cilantro in a food processor. Puree until smooth. Season with salt, L.A spice and lime juice., ingredients: [2 ounces spinach, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 cups sour cream, 2 12 ounces cilantro, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon L.A. spice, 2 limes, juiced], title: CILANTRO CREAM, picturelink: null}, 20406: {instructions: For the filling:nPrepare the puff pastry as directed in the recipe and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F 204 degrees C. When the puff pastry is ready to roll, place it on a lightly floured work surface and use a rolling pin to roll it into an 8 by 18inch rectangle. Place the rectangle on the work surface with the long side facing you. Use a sharp paring knife to cut 2 1 by 18inch strips from the top of the dough. Place the remaining rectangle on a parchment papercovered baking sheet.nEgg wash: Combine the egg yolks, whole egg, and milk in a small mixing bowl and whip with a hand whisk until well combined. Use a pastry brush to brush a 1inch border of egg wash along each long side of the rectangle on the baking sheet. Place 1 of the thin strips on each side of the rectangle, over the egg wash. Try to keep the strips straight and even. These edges will keep the filling inside the tart shell, as they rise slightly higher than the rest of the tart. Brush the tops of the 2 strips with egg wash. Use an offset spatula to spread the applesauce down the center of the tart shell.nFilling: Peel, core, and halve the apples. Slice each half into 14inchthick slices and lay them lengthwise on the tart, overlapping the slices slightly. Use a pastry brush to brush egg wash over the tops of the apple slices. Sometimes I make a decoration along the edge of the dough on the long sides of the tart. To do this, I gently press the tips of my first and second fingers into the dough, right at the edge. Then I use the back of a paring knife to mark the spot between my 2 fingers by pushing the dough in 14inch. I repeat this all along the long sides to give the tart a scalloped edge.nPlace the tart in the oven and bake until the sides have risen slightly and the tart is golden brown, about 25 minutes. Check the bottom of the tart by lifting it slightly off the parchment paper using an offset spatula. You want to be sure the bottom is fully baked or the tart will be soggy. Remove from the oven and cool on a wire rack. Use a pastry brush to glaze the tart with the apricot glaze. This will add shine and sweetness to the baked tart. It is best to serve this tart within a few hours of removing it from the oven.nVARIATION: If you blind bake the dough, you can cover it with fresh raspberry jam and top with fresh raspberries as another alternative.nMix the apricot jam with the water in a small microwaveable bowl and heat on high power or in a nonreactive 1quart heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat until liquid. Brush it on with a pastry brush. The glaze can be stored in the refrigerator in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [Classic Puff Pastry, store bought, 2 large egg yolks, 1 large egg, Whole milk, 14 cup chunky applesauce, 4 to 5 Granny Smith apples, Apricot Glaze, recipe follows, 14 cup apricot jam, 1 tablespoon water], title: Apple Tart Runway, picturelink: null}, 20407: {instructions: Grate the zest of 1 lime cut the lime in half. Combine zest with the chili powder, brown sugar, thyme, cumin, chipotle powder, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. Squeeze the zested lime over the steak and use the lime halves to rub the juice into the meat. Rub the spice mixture on both sides of the steak. Let stand at room temperature, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat a grill to medium high. Brush the grates with vegetable oil. Grill the steak until well browned, about 8 minutes. Flip and grill until a thermometer inserted sideways into the center registers 130 degrees F to 140 degrees F, 5 to 7 more minutes for medium rare the thinner edges of the steak will be cooked to medium.nTransfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Season with salt and thinly slice against the grain. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 lime, plus wedges for serving, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 1 12 to 2pound flank steak, Vegetable oil, for the grill], title: ChiliLime Flank Steak, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 20408: {instructions: For the dough: Whisk together 14 cup of the flour, 14 cup of the water and the yeast until smooth with no lumps to create a sponge. Cover with cling film and leave in a warm place for 20 minutes. Add the remaining flour, water, the oil, milk and salt and transfer to a mixer fitted with a dough hook. Mix the dough on low speed for 10 minutes, and then place into a lightlyoiled bowl and cover with cling film. Let proof for 2 hours at room temperature, or let rise in the refrigerator overnight. If you are refrigerating the dough, remove 30 minutes before using to come to room temperature.nPreheat the oven with a pizza stone on a lower rack to 500 degrees F.nFor the clams: Combine the clams, wine, shallots and garlic in a medium pan. Cook over high heat until the clams pop open, 3 minutes. Drain the clams in a colander set over a bowl to catch the liquid. Pick the meat from the clams, placing the meat in a small bowl. Strain the reserved juice over the clams.nFor the pizza: Pulse the tomatoes and salt together in a food processor to a chunky consistency. Remove the dough from the bowl, keeping it as round as possible, and coat it completely with 00 flour. Stretch into a 12inch circle, and transfer to a pizza peel.nTop the pizza with the tomato sauce, garlic, parsley, clams without juice, chili oil, soppressata and pecorino cheese. Bake for 6 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups 00 pizza flour, such as Caputo, 34 cup lukewarm water, 2 teaspoons active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for greasing, 1 tablespoon milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces Hog Island Manila clams, washed, 4 ounces dry white wine, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 6 ounces San Marzano tomatoes, drained, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 00 pizza flour, such as Caputo, for dusting, 12 teaspoon thinly sliced fresh garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh Italian parsley, chopped, 1 12 teaspoon Calabrian chili oil or 14 teaspoon chili flakes, 2 ounces soppressata, sliced thin, 1 12 ounces pecorino cheese, grated], title: Surly Pizza, picturelink: null}, 20409: {instructions: Marinate morels in olive oil and lemon and orange zest for at least 4 hours.nFor the Salad: Shave pecorino into 18inch slices that measure 1 12 inches long by 12inch wide. Set aside. Shuck and peel fava beans. Cook in boiling water with salt until they are tender. Remove and shock in ice cold water to stop cooking. Remove morels from marinade and grill over low heat. Place morels on a plate and hold aside.nFor the Vinaigrette: Mix olive oil, red wine vinegar, lemon zest and orange zest. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in beans.nPlace morels and cheese slices decoratively on a clean plate. Dress with vinaigrette. Top with thin slices of summer truffles. Serve., ingredients: [2 12 ounces large fresh morels, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 lemon, zested, 12 orange, zested, 14ounce young unaged pecorino, shaved, 2 fava beans, 14ounce summer truffles, shaved right before serving, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon aged red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Wild Morel, Fresh Pecorino and Summer Truffles, picturelink: null}, 20410: {instructions: For the cake: Position rack in lower third of over 5 to 6 inches from the bottom and preheat to 350 degrees. Grease the bottom and sides of a 8inch round pan with solid shortening. Dust generously with flour, tilt to distribute, then tap out excess, and insert a parchment or waxed paper liner.nPour the flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, and salt in that order into a triple sifter or sieve. Sift onto a sheet of waxed paper to distribute the sugar evenly and to remove any lumps in the flour, set aside. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Pour into a 1 quart mixing bowl, and set aside.nCrack the eggs into the bowl of a heavyduty mixer. Add the 12 cup sugar, and whisk by hand to combine. Rest the bowl in a shallow pan, such as a 10 inch skillet, filled with 1inch of water that feels hot to the touch 120 degrees. To prevent the eggs from setting, whisk them continuously for about 30 seconds. Now test if the mixture has warmed to body temperature, taking care that it does not exceed 110 degrees.nAttach the bowl to the mixer, and with the whisk attachment, whip on medium speed 5 until the mixture has cooled and increased considerably in volume tripled or more, appears light in texture and almost white in color, and has thickened to the consistency of a whole egg meringue about 3 to 4 minutes. Pour in the vanilla during the final moments of whipping. Test if it is time to fold in the flour by lifting the whisk. If some of the mixture falls back into the bowl in ribbons and remains on the surface, proceed. But if it sinks back into the batter right away, continue whipping for a few more minutes, or until the desired consistency is achieved. Then remove the bowl and its whisk from the mixer.nWith the aid of a flexible metal icing spatula, scoop up one third of the flour mixture, and sprinkle it over the top. Using a rubber spatula, fold the mixture into the batter just until incorporated. Repeat procedure two more times, folding just until all the flour has been absorbed.nGently pour about 1 cup of the batter into the melted butter, and with the rubber spatula, fold until combined. Return the butter mixture to reserved batter, and again fold to combine.nGently pour the mixture into the pan, taking care not to deflate the foam structure you have created. With a rubber spatula, smooth the top of the batter, working from the center outward, until a slightly raised ridge forms around the outside rim. Since the cake bakes faster near the metal rim, mounding the batter around the edges assures a more evenly baked layer. Bake for 25 to 27 minutes, or until the top springs back slightly when lightly touched, sounding spongy when tapped, and the sides begin to contract from the pan.nPlace the cake on a rack to cool for 5 to 10 minutes. With mitts, tilt and rotate the pan, and gently tap it on the counter to see if the cake is releasing from the metal sides. If not, or if in doubt, run a small metal spatula or the thin blade of a table knife between the outside cake edge and the metal rim, freeing the sides and allowing air to get under the layer as it is rotated. Cover the pan with another cooking rack, invert it onto that rack, and carefully lift the pan from the cake to remove. Slowly peel off the parchment liner, turn it over so that the sticky side faces up, and reposition it on top of the cake. Cover with the first rack, invert the layer right side up, and remove the top rack. Allow cake to cool completely.nIf you plan to assemble a dessert later in the day or the next, leave the genoise out, uncovered, on a rack to airdry. Most genoises benefit from slight staling since they will absorb the dessert syrup more easily. The theory behind using dessert syrup is twofold: It makes it possible to keep the dessert longer, and it adds to a complexity of flavors.nFor the syrup: Pour the water into a 1 12 quart saucepan. Add the sugar stir to blend then bring to a boil over medium heat. Remove from heat and cool. Pour into a container with a lid and refrigerate up to 6 months.nCombine the Soaking Syrup and lemon juice in a liquid cup measure. Set aside.nFor the filling: In a 2 to 3 quart mixing bowl, manipulate the cream cheese with a rubber spatula until smooth. Gradually add the butter, stirring until smooth and homogeneous. Lastly, stir in the sour cream and lemon zest set aside. Place the egg yolks in the bowl of a heavyduty mixer and with the whisk attachment, whip them on medium speed 5 until light in color and fluffy in texture about 2 minutes. Detach whisk and remove bowl set whisk close by to use later. Combine the water and sugar in a heavybottomed saucepan or sugar pot. Place over low heat, swirling the pot occasionally to distribute heat until the sugar completely dissolves about 2 minutes. Keep a pastry brush in a small glass of water to wash down any sugar crystals that form along the sides of the pot. As soon as the sugar has dissolved, increase heat to high and boil until it registers 238 degrees soft ball stage on a mercury candy thermometer about 5 minutes. Quickly pour the syrup into the center of the whipped yolks and whisk vigorously by hand to combine, using the mixers whisk attachment. Reattach the bowl and its whisk to the mixer and whip on medium speed 5 until the egg yolk mixture thickens, increases in volume, lightens in color and texture and cools to room temperature about 4 minutes. Whisk into the cream cheese mixture until blended smoothly. Whip the heavy cream in a deep 1 12 quart mixing bowl until soft peaks form. Then fold into cream cheese buttercream. The consistency is soft and thin, but after refrigeration, the cream cheese and fat become firm to give the filling body and texture. Yield: 1 12 cupsnCutting the Cake:nThe genoise is cut in such a fashion that its exterior is left intact, but a core is removed. Imagine a 12inch thick border around the outside edge of the cake. Now, using the tip of a shortbladed paring knife, cut along the imaginary line with a sawing motion around the entire cake, stopping short of the cakes bottom by 12inch. Loosen the 6 12inch circle or inner core of the cake without disturbing the outer shell. Using a small serrated knife, such as a tomato knife, insert the blade into the side of the cake 12inch from the bottom, creating a small slit. Keeping the knife horizontal and level, pivot the serrated edge in one direction, trying not to cut through the outer shell of cake. This will eventually loosen the entire bottom of the inner core.nRemove the knife, insert it back into the slit with the serrated edge facing the opposite direction, and pivot the other way. Repeat three more times, rotating the cake a quarter turn each time. After completing four cuts, you should have loosened the core sufficiently to lift it out. Test it gently with a fork around the edge of the core if you meet resistance anywhere, insert the serrated knife back into the nearest slit, and pivot the blade again. Be patient and keep pivoting as well as tracing the top circle, and soon youll be able to lift the core with the aid of the fork.nRemove the center core of the cake it should measure about 6 12 to 7 inches in diameter and be about 1inch thick. Place the core on a flat work surface. Mentally divide it in half horizontally. Now, using the paring knife, cut all the way around the side of the cake about 12inch deep on that imaginary line. Slide a 12inch knife into the cut. Holding the knife steady in that path, rotate the cake in a circle into the knife blade, cutting in a slow sawing motion all around, until the cake is evenly split into two 12inch thick layers.nRemove the top 12inch layer, wrap it in plastic, and save for future use. Split the remaining 12 inch layer into two 14inch thick layers, using the same cutting procedure as above. Remove the top 14inch layer and set aside. Use a removable quiche bottom to aid in lifting, if necessary., ingredients: [1 cup sifted cake flour, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 14 cups water, 2 14 cups granulated sugar, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, strained, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons water, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Lucerne Cheese Torte, picturelink: null}, 20411: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nHeat a large skillet with a lid over mediumhigh heat and add the bacon. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the bacon is golden brown, about 9 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a plate using a slotted spoon. Add the onions to the skillet and cook, covered, stirring occasionally and scraping up the stuck bits on the bottom of the pan as needed, until the onions release their juices and are caramelized, golden and soft, about 30 minutes. If the onions begin to brown before they soften, stir in a tablespoon water, lower the heat and return to cooking.nCombine the butter, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and some pepper in a medium bowl. Stir in the onions until the butter melts and becomes saucy.nMeanwhile, with a large serrated knife, shave 14 inch off the bottom crust of the bread.. Make 1inch wide crosshatch cuts on the top of the bread, threequarters of the way through to the bottom. Put the bread on the prepared baking sheet.nSpoon 34 of the onion mixture into all of the slits. Mix together the Gouda and mozzarella in a small bowl, then stuff threequarters of the cheese inside all of the slits. Spoon the remaining onion mixture on top, followed by the remaining cheese. The bread will be very stuffed and messy. Cover the bread loosely with foil and bake until the filling is warm and the cheese is melted, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a platter or cutting board and top with the bacon and parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 pound bacon 3 to 4 slices, cut into 14inch dice, 3 large onions, thinly sliced about 8 cups, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 1 12pound round rustic loaf of bread, such as sourdough or Italian, 4 ounces smoked Gouda, shredded, 4 ounces mozzarella, shredded, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Caramelized Onion and Bacon PullApart Bread, picturelink: null}, 20412: {instructions: Whisk 1 cup beer, 1 cup flour, 14 cup chopped parsley and a pinch of salt. Let the batter rest 1 hour. Dip 4 cups broccoli florets in the batter and fry in 375 degrees F vegetable oil until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Serve with sour cream.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [], title: BeerBattered Broccoli, picturelink: 2xKB.sWhOCh6SvOqC7GifnecTubI336}, 20413: {instructions: Peel the potatoes, and cut them lengthwise into strips 14inch thick. In a bowl cover the potatoes with cold water and let them soak, chilled, overnight.nIn a deep fryer or heavy saucepan preheat the oil to 325 F. Drain the potatoes and pat them dry. Sprinkle the potatoes with cornstarch shaking off the excess. Add the potatoes to the oil and fry them for 3 to 5 minutes, or until they are soft and just beginning to brown. With a spider or slotted spoon transfer the potatoes to a tray lined with paper towels to drain.nJust before serving heat the oil in the deep fryer to 395 degrees. Add the potatoes and cook for 1 minute, or until golden. Transfer to paper towels to drain, sprinkle with salt and serve., ingredients: [3 mediumlarge russet potatoes, Vegetable oil for deep frying, Cornstarch, Salt, to taste], title: French Fries, picturelink: null}, 20414: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler or toaster oven.nPut the reserved pasta water in a large skillet. Heat over a medium flame until it begins to steam.nAdd the BBQ sauce and, using a rubber spatula, thoroughly mix. Add the pulled pork and toss in the sauce until completely coated. Add the spaghetti and toss until completely coated with the sauce. Lower the heat and let cook until the spaghetti is completely hot.nWhile the spaghetti is heating, butter the bread, place on a cookie sheet and toast in the broiler or toaster oven.nOnce the spaghetti is hot, place in a large serving bowl for entree or in a small side bowl for side., ingredients: [1 pound cooked spaghetti, 4 ounces cooking water reserved, 8 ounces BBQ sauce, 6 ounces pulled pork with no sauce and shredded into small pieces, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, Two 4inch pieces French bread, cut in half lengthwise, 4 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley], title: Hwy 61 Roadhouse BBQ Spaghetti, picturelink: CdAEMyApOC3Iq60LTT3YQdDIsxYztC}, 20415: {instructions: Heat a 12inch castiron skillet over high heat until very hot, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, thoroughly pat the steaks dry with paper towels. Lightly coat each side of the steaks with canola oil and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper.nAdd 1 to 2 tablespoons canola oil to the skillet this will help create a great crust on the steaks and add the steaks. Do not crowd them if you cannot leave room between the steaks, use 2 skillets. Without moving them, cook the steaks 3 minutes. Using tongs, flip them and cook 1 more minute for rare, 2 more minutes for medium rare or 4 more minutes for medium. Transfer the steaks to a plate and cover loosely with foil. Let rest at least 5 minutes before cutting into them.nPour out the used oil from the skillet and add a glug of new oil. Reduce the heat to medium. Add the shallots and garlic to the skillet and cook until they just begin to brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the beef broth, Worcestershire sauce and sherry vinegar and bring the sauce to a boil. Cook until reduced by half, 3 to 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and whisk in the butter until it has melted and the sauce has thickened. Stir in the olives, if using.nPut each steak on a plate spoon the sauce over the top and sprinkle with chives.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 bonein ribeye steaks about 1 inch thick, 1 pound each, at room temperature, Canola oil, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup lowsodium beef broth, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup sliced Spanish olives optional, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: PanSeared Spanish Steaks, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 20416: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWith an electric mixer or by hand, cream butter and sugars in a large bowl. Add eggs and vanilla. In a separate large bowl, sift together the flour, cream of tartar, baking soda and salt. Add flour mixture to egg mixture in 3 additions. Stir in nuts.nDivide the dough into quarters, and then roll it into 4 logs. Place dough in refrigerator to chill for 2 hours. Remove dough and cut into 14inch thick slices. Place on a floured, but not greased, baking sheet and bake for about 15 minutes. Remove to a rack and cool., ingredients: [1 pound 4 sticks butter, room temperature, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup white sugar, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup chopped pecans or walnuts], title: Mamaus Icebox Cookies, picturelink: null}, 20417: {instructions: Combine lettuce, cabbage, carrots, crunchy noodles and green onions in a large bowl. Whisk together peanut butter, vinegar, water, pepper flakes, sesame oil, soy sauce, and sugar in a bowl. If the dressing is still too thick you may add more water. Toss the cabbage mixture with the peanut sauce and place on a large platter. Top with extra crunchy noodles and chopped cilantro., ingredients: [1 head romaine lettuce, thinly shredded, 1 head white cabbage, thinly shredded, 2 carrots, thinly shredded, 1 package of wonton skins, sliced thin and fried, reserve some for garnish, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, 12 cup smooth natural peanut butter, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon water, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves], title: Crunchy Noodle Salad with Cabbage and Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20418: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and cut them into long fries about 14inch thick. As you cut them, put them in a bowl of cold water to cover.nPour enough oil into a medium pot so that the oil comes 3 inches up the sides. Heat the oil to 275 degrees F.nDrain the fries, rinse them of excess starch under cold water, and pat dry. Working in batches if necessary, cook them in the oil for about 5 minutes they should be soft and pale. Remove them from the oil using a slotted spoon and rinse under cold water to remove excess oil and starch for a crisper fry later. Reserve the pot of oil.nCover a rimmed baking sheet with paper towels and lay the fries on top. Chill completely in the refrigerator. The potatoes can be prepared this way up to 1 day in advance of cooking them.nHeat the oil to 360 degrees F.nAdd the fries, in batches if necessary, to the oil and cook, stirring gently, until the fries are golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove them from the oil to a large papertowellined bowl and season them with the rosemary and salt, shaking the bowl to distribute the seasonings evenly., ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, Canola oil or lard, for frying, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt], title: Lola Fries with Rosemary, picturelink: null}, 20419: {instructions: In a saute pan, add oil, heat until the oil starts to lightly smoke. Add the mushrooms, stir until golden brown. Add the shallots, season to taste with salt and pepper. Reserve and let cool. Place the couscous into a mixing bowl, add the butter and knead the butter into the pasta. Add the sauteed mushrooms and stir. Place the stock into a saucepan and bring to a boil, pour the boiling stock over the couscous and cover with plastic film this method will steam the pasta without overcooking it. Let sit for 15 minutes. Add tomato concasse, chive, parsely, dill, lime juice and butter. Stir and serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 5 ounces shiitake mushrooms, 3 tablespoons shallots, minced, Salt and fresh ground pepper, to taste, 1 box couscous, 14 pound sweet butter, cut into small cubes, 34 quart mushroom stock or chicken double strength, 1 cup tomato concasse, 8 tablespoons mixed herbs chive, parsley, and dill, Lime juice, to taste, 3 tablespoons butter], title: Mushroom Couscous, picturelink: null}, 20420: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and render a couple of minutes, then add the onions and sliced garlic and potato  if you prefer pasta, add later when you reheat the soup. Season the onions, garlic, and potatoes with salt and pepper and add a bay leaf. Cook to soften, and then add the escarole to the pot and season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, cover to wilt. Stir in the cannellini beans and stock plus 2 cups water. Bring to a boil, and then reduce heat to a rolling simmer.nMeanwhile, douse bread with milk to soften. Place ground meats in bowl. Season the meat with salt and pepper, fennel, paprika, crushed red pepper, cheese, and parsley. Add the yolk to the bowl, squeeze the milk out of the bread and crumble to add to the meat. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and roll meat into walnutsize balls, then add to soup and poach until cooked through.nCool completely and store soup for makeahead meal. To reheat the soup: Place in a covered pot and bring to a boil, add the pasta to cook to al dente if you prefer the pasta to potato. Serve soup in shallow bowls with shredded cheese on top and an extra drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. Crust up some bread in hot oven while soup reheats for mopping., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 ounces pancetta or speck a couple of 18inchthick slices, 2 medium onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, 3 thinly sliced, 1 peeled, 1 starchy potato, peeled and diced or 34 cup ditalini or pennette, Freshly ground black pepper, Fresh bay leaf, 2 heads escarole, chopped, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 15 to 18ounce can ounces cannellini beans, 6 cups chicken stock, 2 cups water, 3 slices white bread or peasant bread, crust trimmed, Milk, 8 ounces ground beef, 8 ounces ground pork, 1 teaspoon fennel seed or pollen or ground fennel, 1 teaspoon paprika or smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, optional, 1 generous handful grated ParmigianoReggiano plus more for topping, A handful of fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 egg yolk, 12 loaf ciabatta bread, for serving], title: Minestra with Beef and Pork Polpette, picturelink: 9jKIS513y6e1O7wPG8lykpzVJzVOW}, 20421: {instructions: Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the Canadian bacon and cook, stirring occasionally, until it starts browning, about 2 minutes. Add the onion, half of the tomatoes, and the thyme cook until the onion softens, about 5 minutes. Add the collards and season with 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until the collards are tender, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the remaining tomatoes, the avocado, hot sauce and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium bowl season with salt and gently toss. Set aside.nHeat the remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil in a separate large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Crack the eggs into the skillet and cook until the whites are almost set, about 3 minutes. Cover and cook until the whites are set but the yolks are still slightly runny, about 2 more minutes season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, toast the rolls. Top each half with 2 slices cheese, some collards and a fried egg. Serve with the avocado salad.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices Canadian bacon about 2 ounces, diced, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 12 cups grape or cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 3 cups frozen collard greens about 12 ounces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 avocado, sliced, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 4 large eggs, 2 multigrain hoagie rolls, split, 8 slices lowfat muenster cheese about 4 ounces], title: OpenFace Egg and Collards Sandwiches, picturelink: eBtbXXrvJMfgEyZ68mYcOfHhmdPzd2}, 20422: {instructions: Special equipment: A spice mill, mortar and pestle, or coffee mill dedicated to grinding spices and butchers stringnFor the edamame:nAdd soybeans in their pods to a pot and cover with water. Boil until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove soybeans from their pods and add to a pot reserving about 12 cup for texture in a separate bowl along with chicken stock. Set aside until needed, at which time you will heat and then puree just before serving.nFor the rice:nRinse rice in strainer under cold water. Add rice, 3 34 cups cold water and salt to a saucepot. Cover and let soak for a half hour. Remove lid, then turn heat to medium and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook for 15 minutes without removing the lid. Transfer to a mixing bowl, stir in tarragon, vinegar, and cover with a clean damp kitchen towel and keep at room temperature.nFor the stuffing:nRemove the meat from the Peking duck, reserving the skin and bones in a saute pan. Finely shred enough duck meat to make 6 tablespoons shredded duck, and place in a mixing bowl. Stir in scallions, hoisin sauce, and ginger soy syrup and set aside at room temperature until needed.nFor the filet mignon:nCut a slit in the top center of each steak to hold the stuffing. With a spice grinder, with a mortar and pestle if you are strong and persistent, or with a coffee grinder dedicated to grinding spices, pulverize the wasabi peas, peppercorns, and salt, together. Stuff the steaks with even amounts of the duck mixture and tie up with butchers string to help them keep their shape through the searing process. Coat each filet with the wasabipeppercorn mixture and set aside briefly.nReturn to the edamame and heat the beans and chicken stock over mediumhigh heat until the chicken stock is reduced by half. Remove from heat and keep warm.nFor the sauce:nTo the pan of duck skin and bones, add enough water to cover and the demiglace. Cook until the liquid is reduced by half and strain through a chinois. Discard the skin and bones. Season the reduction with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a small bowl and keep warm by nesting the bowl in another bowl of hot water.nTo cook the filet mignon:nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in a saute pan with oven safe handles reserving the other tablespoon of oil. When the oil begins to shimmer add the steaks to the pan, stuffed side down first, and sear, leaving undisturbed for the first 2 minutes or so to let the caramelization process begin to allow the stuffing to integrate into the meat and to prevent tearing the beef. Add the reserved grapeseed oil and flip the steaks, searing the other side in the same way, leaving undisturbed for about 2 or 3 minutes. Transfer to the oven to finish to an internal temperature of 125 degrees F as measured with an instantread thermometer, about 8 to 15 minutes depending on the thickness. Remove from oven and let carryover cook to about 132 degrees F for mediumrare, or cook to your liking.nWhen you have placed the filet mignon in the oven, puree the edamame with an immersion blender and toss in the reserved whole beans for texture. Cover and keep warm.nRemove steaks from oven, if done, and let rest as indicated above.nFor the rice:nUsing a 3inch circle cutter, form the sushi rice into cakes. Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and lightly fry the rice circles until golden brown on each side. Leave each side undisturbed for the first 2 to 3 minutes to prevent the cakes from breaking apart.nFor the carrots, heat the canola oil in a saute pan and deepfry carrots.nSpoon some edamame puree in the left center of serving plate and some duck essence sauce on the right center of plate. Place a sauteed circle of rice in the center topped with a stuffed steak and 2 fried carrots on the very top.nIn a pan lightly coated with oil, combine garlic, ginger, and scallions over medium heat, season with salt and pepper, and let sweat. Deglaze pan with soy sauce, honey and lime juice. Let reduce by 30 to 40 percent until the mixture becomes a syrup, about 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool and transfer to a bottle. Store in the refrigerator.nYield: about 2 cups or 32 servings of 1 tablespoon each., ingredients: [1 pound edamame immature soybeans in their pods, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups glutinous rice sushi rice from the Asian section of store, 3 34 cups cold water, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon leaves, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 ready cooked Peking duck from a Chinese restaurant or vendor, 2 scallions, white and tender green parts only, cut thinly on the bias, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon Mings Ginger Soy Syrup, recipe follows, 6 4 to 6ounce filet mignon steaks, 12 cup wasabi peas, 2 tablespoons red, green and black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup demiglace, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 liter canola oil, or enough as needed to deepfry, 12 baby carrots, Grapeseed oil as needed to lightly coat pan, 3 tablespoons minced garlic about 6 to 9 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons peeled, minced fresh garlic root about a 1 12 to 2inch piece, 1 bunch scallions white and tender green parts only, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup naturally brewed soy sauce, 1 cup honey, 2 limes, juiced], title: Szechuan Beef Tenderloin Stuffed with Peking Duck, picturelink: null}, 20423: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook 1 tablespoon of the oil, the curry paste and onions in a large saute pan over medium heat, stirring often and letting sizzle, 5 to 6 minutes. Pat the chicken dry, sprinkle with salt and pepper and add the remaining oil to the pan. Cook the chicken in the onioncurry mixture until golden on all sides. Add the broccoli, carrots, basil, garlic and lime zest and cook, stirring, until the vegetables are coated, about 2 minutes. Add the coconut milk, chicken stock and tomatoes and bring to a simmer. Let the chicken simmer until cooked through and the sauce begins to thicken, about 20 minutes. Squeeze with lime juice before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons red Thai curry paste, 1 yellow onion, sliced with the grain, 2 chicken breasts, cut into cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups broccoli florets, 1 12 cups chopped carrots, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Zest of 12 lime, 1 14 cups coconut milk, 14 cup chicken stock, One 14ounce can diced tomatoes, Lime wedges, for squeezing], title: Easy Chicken Curry with Vegetables, picturelink: Orj7rHGDXnv.1Kmj7IKYCDgGBW0T7V6}, 20424: {instructions: Season marlin with salt and pepper, rub with olive oil. Grill until they just turn white and are firm.nHeat oil in a wok until very hot. Saute carrots and red cabbage until just limp, add bok choy, Chinese cabbage and onion, saute until warm but crisp, about 2 minutes.nIn a small bowl, whisk together vinaigrette ingredients, excluding the olive oil. Slowly add oil in a small stream until the dressing is emulsified. Place vegetables in the center of the plate. Place grilled marlin on top. Drizzle vinaigrette over marlin and around the edge of the plate. Garnish with fresh orange sections., ingredients: [4 6 to 8ounce marlin steaks, Vegetable oil, 1 large carrot, julienned, 1 cup red cabbage, shredded, 1 cup bok choy, thinly sliced, 1 cup Chinese cabbage, shredded, 12 Vidalia onion, thinly sliced, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons honey mustard, 3 tablespoons poppyseed dressing, Salt and pepper, 12 to 13 cup olive oil], title: Grilled Marlin, picturelink: null}, 20425: {instructions: Cook green beans in 1inch simmering water, covered, for 6 minutes. Drain and set aside. Return skillet to stove and set burner to medium high. Add bacon and brown. When fat begins to render, add chopped onions to the pan and cook until tender with the bacon. Add cooked green beans to the pan and turn to coat in bacon drippings and onions. When the beans are hot and bacon crisp at edges and onions translucent add vinegar to the pan and season with beans with sugar. Allow the vinegar to evaporate and the sugar to combine with pan drippings, 1 to 2 minutes, then serve., ingredients: [1 14 pounds green beans, trimmed and chopped into 1inch pieces, 2 slices bacon, chopped, 1 small onion, minced, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar], title: Southern Green Beans, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 20426: {instructions: Set 1 tablespoon of edamame aside for a garnish. Place the rest of the edamame, tofu, salt, garlic, oil, lemon juice, and 1 12 teaspoons cumin in the bowl of a food processor and process until very smooth, about 2 minutes. Season with additional salt and pepper, plus more lemon juice, if desired. Remove to a serving bowl and garnish with reserved edamame, and some cumin., ingredients: [2 cups shelled edamame, cooked according to package directions, 1 cup silken tofu, briefly drained of excess liquid, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste, 3 cloves garlic, 14 cup olive oil, 13 cup lemon juice, plus more, to taste, 1 12 teaspoons cumin, plus more, for garnish], title: Edamame Hummus, picturelink: null}, 20427: {instructions: Heat oven to 500 degrees F. Lightly oil 1 14inch pizza pan set aside.nSet 14 of the pizza dough aside and cover with plastic wrap for another use. Working on a lightly floured surface, use fingers to flatten and stretch dough into a rough 8inch circle. Transfer to prepared pizza pans. Continue to press dough out until it fits just inside rim of pan.nBake for 10 minutes. Poke the dough with a fork to prevent it from inflating. Bake for another 10 minutes. Remove baked dough from oven. Using a bread knife, split dough in half horizontally. Spread the insides of the bread with robiola cheese. Cover with top half of dough. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon truffle oil. Return to oven for 5 minutesnRemove pizza from oven. Drizzle with remaining 1 teaspoon truffle oil, season with pepper and serve immediately.nPizza Dough:n4 cups flour, 00 if available, otherwise, allpurpose flour, plus more for coating bowln34 ounce fresh yeastn34 cup warm watern2 teaspoons coarse saltn14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 14 cup more for pansnMeasure the flour onto a clean work surface and make a well in the center. Dissolve the yeast in a bowl with 34 cup lukewarm water. Place the salt, yeast and olive oil in the well, and with the help of a fork, incorporate the flour into them. Add more lukewarm water as needed to make a dough that is homogenous and elastic.nDust a large bowl with flour. Place the dough in the bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set it in a warm place to rise until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nOil 2 12inch pizza pans each with 2 tablespoons. On a lightly floured surface, knead dough until very smooth. Divide dough in half. Using a rolling pin, roll each half, 1 at a time. Transfer dough to prepared pans. Stretch dough with your hands to form rounds 14inch thick.nYield: enough for 2 12inch pizzas, ingredients: [Pizza Dough, recipe follows, Extravirgin olive oil, for pans and drizzling, 6 12 ounces robiola cheese, 2 teaspoons white truffle oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Robiola Pizza, picturelink: null}, 20428: {instructions: In a Dutch oven, cook bacon and onion for 5 to 8 minutes until bacon is just cooked through. Add potatoes and cook for an additional 25 minutes, stirring regularly. Add mushrooms and soup, stir thoroughly, and cook for 7 minutes. Remove from heat and spread cheese over top. Let melt and serve., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, diced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 5 large baking potatoes, sliced, 1 cup mushrooms, chopped, 1 10ounce can cream of mushroom soup, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, Special equipment: 12inch Dutch oven], title: Dutch Oven Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 20429: {instructions: Cut cucumber in half lengthwise and cut each half lengthwise into 3 spears. Cut spears crosswise into 14inchthick pieces and transfer to a large bowl. Peel jicama and cut enough into 14inch dice to measure 1 cup. Cut bell pepper and celery into 14inch dice and add with diced jicama to cucumber. Mince garlic and toss with cucumber mixture. Stir in remaining ingredients and season soup with salt and pepper.nIn a blender puree half of soup until smooth and return to bowl, stirring to combine. Chill soup, covered, until cold, at least 1 hour, and up to 2 days. Season soup and serve garnished with chives., ingredients: [1 English cucumber about 13 inches long, 1 14pound piece jicama, 1 small red bell pepper, 1 celery rib, 1 small garlic clove, 2 cups V8 or tomato juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 1 12 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, or to taste, Garnish: chopped fresh chives], title: Gazpacho, picturelink: null}, 20430: {instructions: Heat the butter and oil in a pan and add the jalapenos, onions and bell peppers. Cook until softened, 5 minutes or so.nPour in the grits, followed by the broth and 3 cups water. Stir, and then bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, and then cover and cook for 30 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally.nAdd the halfandhalf. Stir, and then cook until the grits are tender, another 20 to 30 minutes. At any time, add more broth if the grits look like they need more cooking liquid.nRemove the grits from the heat and stir in the cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon oil, 2 jalapenos, diced, 1 onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 4 cups stoneground grits, 8 cups lowsodium chicken or beef broth, plus more if needed, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups grated Cheddar], title: Creamy Cheese Grits, picturelink: 4sF3RS8x4CnMmB5b7KLry9ADQWqBhi}, 20431: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nGently remove the stems from the mushrooms and set both the caps and the stems aside.nLightly spray a large baking sheet with nonstick spray. Place the mushroom caps on the sheet, rounded sides down. Bake in the oven for 12 to 14 minutes. Afterward, do not turn the oven off.nMeanwhile, chop mushroom stems. Bring a large skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove. Add onion, chopped mushroom stems, and chopped garlic. Cook and stir until softened, about 2 minutes. Add spinach and continue to cook and stir until wilted. Set aside. If needed, pat dry.nOnce the mushroom caps are cool enough to handle, pat them dry until free of all excess moisture.nIn a medium bowl, combine ricotta cheese, cream cheese, nutmeg, salt, and mozzarella cheese. Mix well. Add the cooked veggie mixture, and stir until blended.nEvenly distribute the cheeseveggie mixture among the mushroom caps. They will be superstuffed and the mixture will be piled on top, toonIn a small bowl, mix Parmstyle topping with garlic powder. Sprinkle the stuffed mushrooms with this mixture.nBake the stuffed mushrooms in the oven for 8 to 10 minutes, until the topping begins to brown. Let cool slightly and enjoy, ingredients: [12 mediumlarge baby bella mushrooms each about 2 inches wide, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 12 cups roughly chopped spinach leaves, 12 cup fatfree ricotta cheese, 14 cup fatfree cream cheese, room temperature, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 2 teaspoons reducedfat Parmesanstyle grated topping, 1 teaspoon garlic powder], title: FourCheese StuffedSilly Mushrooms, picturelink: nuCmLVv2qMqZdjTH6J5vzkItpmEZRS}, 20432: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat the stock with the saffron in a small saucepan over medium heat.nMeanwhile, bring 1 12 cups water to a boil in a pot and season with salt. Add the cauliflower, cover and steam until tender, about 12 minutes. Drain and break into florets.nHeat the EVOO in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and crumble it into very small pieces with a potato masher or wooden spoon. Add the garlic and onions and cook for 5 minutes. Deglaze with the wine, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon. Add the bay leaf, cinnamon stick, tomatoes and saffron stock and stir to break up the tomatoes. Simmer until thickened, about 30 minutes. Discard the bay leaf and cinnamon stick and season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook to just shy of al dente, about 7 minutes. Reserve a ladle of the starchy cooking liquid and drain the pasta.nReturn the pasta to the pot. Add the heavy cream, cauliflower, sausage sauce andna little of the reserved cooking liquid and stir to combine. Transfer the mixture to a casserole dish and top with the cheeses and parsley. Bake until the top is browned, 35 to 40 minutes. Divide among plates.nCooks Note: The unbaked casserole can be covered and refrigerated for a makeahead meal. Bake as directed before serving., ingredients: [2 12 cups chicken stock, Generous pinch saffron threads, Kosher salt, 1 head cauliflower, cored, 1 tablespoon EVOO, 1 pound bulk Italian sweet sausage, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 yellow onion, finely chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 bay leaf, 1 thin cinnamon stick 2 to 3 inches long, One 28to32 ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes look for the DOP label, Freshly ground pepper, 1 pound penne rigate, 1 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces mild provolone, caciocavallo or young Asiago cheese, shredded, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 cup grated pecorino, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for serving], title: Baked Penne with Sausage, Tomato and Cauliflower, picturelink: lC0qpw3B0xaQyRXFt62JZ3Hvg1pZWqa}, 20433: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare the sloppy joes: In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, combine the canola oil, bell peppers, jalapeno and onion cook for 5 minutes. Add the beef and pork cook thoroughly, breaking up the meat as it browns. Add the garlic. Depending on the amount of residual grease, you may need to drain some of the fat from the pan. Deglaze with the red wine, then stir in the remaining sloppy joe ingredients except the rolls and season with 1 tablespoon each salt and freshly ground pepper. Reduce the heat and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes. If the sauce gets too thick as it simmers, add up to 1 cup water to adjust the consistency. Toast the rolls and set aside.nMeanwhile, prepare the onion straws: In a medium sauce pot, heat the oil to 350 degrees. Whisk the egg and milk in a medium bowl. Mix the flour, cayenne pepper, paprika, garlic powder, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper in another medium bowl. Cut the onion in half, then slice into 1inchthick half rings separate into short strawlike pieces. Add to the milk mixture to soak.nOnce the oil is hot enough, remove the onions from the milk mixture, shake off excess and dredge in the flour mixture, 4 or 5 pieces at a time. Add to the pot and fry until golden brown transfer to paper towels to drain.nServe the sloppy joes on the toasted rolls and top with onion straws.nPhotograph by James Baigrie, ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded, deveined and diced, 1 red onion, diced, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 14 cup red wine, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 12 cups tomato sauce, 3 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 24 slider rolls or sweet Hawaiian rolls, 2 cups canola oil, 1 large egg, 12 cup milk, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher or sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 sweet onion Maui or Vidalia], title: Sloppy Joes with Maui Onion Straws, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 20434: {instructions: Heat the butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, bell pepper, and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened. In a bowl, mash 13 of the beans with a fork and stir in the remaining beans, onion mixture, bread crumbs, and cilantro and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the eggs.nForm bean mixture into 8 4inch patties mixture will be wet and soft.. Gently dredge patties in cornmeal and transfer to a large plate lined with plastic wrap. Refrigerate the cakes for 30 minutes and up to 12 hours.nPour enough oil into a heavy skillet to reach 14inch up the side. Heat the oil over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Working in batches, cook the patties, turning once, until well browned, about 1 12 minutes per side. Transfer the cakes to paper towels to drain.nDivide the cakes among plates and serve with the sauce.nStir together cilantro, vegetable oil, soy sauce, garlic, lime juice, and chile. Season with salt and pepper.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 12 cup finely chopped green bell pepper, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 1 23 cups cooked black beans, 23 cup fine dry bread crumbs, 13 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped fine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, beaten lightly, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, Vegetable oil, for frying, Spicy Cilantro Sauce, recipe follows, 34 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 13 cup vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 12 jalapeno chile, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Black Bean Cakes with Spicy Cilantro Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20435: {instructions: To infuse the gin with tea: Put the gin and earl grey tea in a nonreactive container stir to combine. Cover and set aside to steep for 1 hour. Strain without pressing down the leaves. The infused gin will keep, covered, for up to 3 weeks.nWhisk the egg white powder and warm water in a small bowl until smooth and frothy. Fill a cocktail shaker twothirds full of ice and add 1 12 ounces of the infused gin, lemon juice, simple syrup, and egg white mixture. Cover and shake vigorously until thoroughly mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Fill the bottom of a martini glass with maraschino syrup. Strain cocktail into the glass to float on top of syrup. Drop in the lemon twist. Drink.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Let come to room temperature and store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to a month., ingredients: [2 cups gin, 2 tablespoons loose leaf earl grey tea, 2 teaspoons egg white powder, 2 tablespoons warm water, 34 ounces fresh Meyer lemon juice, 1 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 34 teaspoon maraschino syrup, 1 lemon twist, Serving suggestion: Chilled cocktail glass, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Tea Time Flip, picturelink: gm52epU3C69fBjyx3mvYCmaUzeYUJ76}, 20436: {instructions: Make the rice: Put the rice in a small saucepan and add 1 14 cups water. Bring to a boil, then cover, reduce the heat to low and cook until the water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, 10 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the rice vinegar, sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Gently stir in the sesame seeds and cooked rice with a rubber spatula and let cool to room temperature. The rice can be made up to 2 hours ahead cover with a damp cloth.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, lemon juice, Sriracha, soy sauce, sesame oil and ginger in a medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the tuna: Rub the tuna with 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Heat a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the vegetable oil, then add the tuna and sear until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and refrigerate until ready to use, or up to 1 hour.nAssemble the rolls: Toast the seaweed by waving it directly over a gas or electric burner over medium heat. Cut each sheet in half with kitchen shears to make 12 rectangles. Thinly slice the tuna and season with salt. Lay a seaweed rectangle on a work surface with a long side facing you. Press some rice onto the left side of the sheet using moistened fingers, leaving a 1inch border on the left. Top with 1 slice each of tuna and avocado, a spoonful of sauce, and some cucumber, carrot and chives. Starting from the bottom left corner, tightly roll into a cone shape, moistening the edge of the seaweed to seal. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Serve with pickled ginger and more sauce.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 14 cups sushi rice, rinsed, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar unseasoned, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, 23 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 to 4 teaspoons Sriracha Asian chile sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon grated peeled ginger, 34 pound ahi tuna about 1 14 inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 6 sheets seaweed nori, 1 avocado, pitted, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 cucumber, cut into matchsticks, 1 carrot, cut into matchsticks, 12 bunch chives, cut into 3inch pieces, Pickled ginger, for serving optional], title: Spicy Tuna Hand Rolls, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 20437: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIf the carrots are thick, cut them in half lengthwise if not, leave whole. Slice the carrots diagonally in 1 12inchthick slices. The carrots will shrink while cooking so make the slices big. Toss them in a bowl with the olive oil, salt, and pepper. Transfer to a sheet pan in 1 layer and roast in the oven for 20 minutes, until browned and tender.nToss the carrots with minced dill or parsley, season to taste, and serve., ingredients: [12 carrots, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill or parsley], title: Roasted Carrots, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 20438: {instructions: Cooks Note: To open a coconut: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the coconut onto a folded towel set down in a large bowl. Find the 3 eyes on 1 end of the coconut and using a nail or screwdriver and hammer or meat mallet, hammer holes into 2 of the eyes. Turn the coconut upside down over a container and drain the water from the coconut. Store the water in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to a week. Place the coconut onto a 12 sheet pan and bake in the oven for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven. The coconut should have cracked in several places. Using an oyster knife or other dull blade, separate the hard shell from the brown husk. Using a serrated vegetable peeler, peel the brown husk from the coconut meat. Rinse the coconut meat under cool water and pat dry. Break the meat into 2 to 3inch pieces. With the grater disk attached to a food processor, grate the coconut.nPlace 1 12 ounces of the coconut into a 1cup glass jar with lid and pour the vodka over it. Seal and shake to combine. Place in a cool dark place for 5 to 7 days, shaking to combine every day. Strain the coconut and discard. Return the vodka to a clean jar or to its original bottle and store in a cool place for up to a year. Reserve the remaining coconut for another use., ingredients: [1 coconut, see Cooks Note, 1 12 ounces freshly grated coconut, approximately 13 cup, 4 ounces vodka], title: Coconut Extract, picturelink: null}, 20439: {instructions: To make the chutney, place shallots and butter in a saucepan and sweat. Add the rum, cranberries, and tamarind and bring to a boil, flame the liquor and reduce the liquid by half. Add the dry spices and salt and cook until combined. Add the sugar and cook until it liquefies. Add the zests and sherry vinegar and reduce by 23. Add the berries and reduce to thick syrup consistency. Adjust the seasonings and set asidenFor the rub, mix the garlic, thyme, rosemary, pepper, coriander, and salt together. Brush the venison with oil and rub in the spices. Sear in a very hot pan with a little olive oil and then roast in the oven to an internal temperature of 135 degrees F. Let rest for 10 minutes before cutting.nTo make the sauce, degrease and deglaze the searing pan with the cranberry brandy mixture. Flame and reduce the brandy, add the stock and reduce to a cream consistency. Whisk in a tablespoon of butter and season with salt and pepper. Strain sauce. Add the mushrooms and fiddlehead ferns and keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the polenta, saute the onions in the butter and add the chicken stock and thyme. Whisk in the polenta and continue to stir with a wooden spoon until grains are tender. Add the Parmesan, corn and season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and let cool slightly then fold in the egg whites. Place polenta in a pan or mold to set up, about 1 hour. When ready to serve, cut desired shape and saute in butter until golden brown and warmed through.nTo serve venison, place on large platter and serve with sauce and polenta topped with the chutney., ingredients: [1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup spiced rum, 34 cup dried cranberries, 1 12 tablespoons tamarind, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon cardamom, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 cup sherry vinegar, 34 cup poha or gooseberries, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 1 venison rack, 8 bones, trimmed and frenched, Oil, 2 ounces dried cranberries, soaked in 1ounce brandy, 4 ounces venison stock, 4 ounces veal stock, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and pepper, 6 ounces maitake mushrooms, sliced and sauteed, 20 pieces fiddlehead ferns, blanched and sauteed, 1 small onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons butter, plus more for sauteeing, 2 cups chicken stock, hot, 1 tablespoon finely chopped thyme leaves, 12 cup polenta, 2 ounces Parmesan, 12 cup corn kernels, blanched, Salt and pepper, 1 egg white, whipped to medium peaks], title: Spiced Rubbed Venison Chop with Cranberry Poha Chutney, picturelink: null}, 20440: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Coat 13 x 9 baking dish or shallow casserole with 14 cup olive oil. Arrange fillets in dish. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Cover fish with lemon slices then scatter with capers. Place rosemary branches over all then drizzle with 12 cup olive oil. Roast 15 minutes. Serve immediately.n3 Key Ingredients: STAR Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Capers, Lemons, ingredients: [34 cup STARu00ae Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 6 8 oz. halibut or turbot fillet, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large or 2 small lemons, thinly sliced, 12 cup STARu00ae Capers, drained, 6 small branches fresh rosemary], title: LemonRosemary Pescado, picturelink: null}, 20441: {instructions: In a large bowl proof the yeast with the sugar in 13 cup lukewarm water for 10 minutes or until it is foamy. Stir in an additional 13 cup lukewarm water, the oil, 2 cups of the flour, and the salt and blend the mixture until it forms a dough. Knead the dough on a floured surface, incorporating as much of the remaining 14 cup flour as necessary to prevent the dough from sticking, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until it is smooth and elastic.nAlternatively, the dough may be made in a food processor. Proof the yeast as described above and in a food processor combine it with the remaining ingredients. Process the mixture until it forms a ball, adding more water, 1 teaspoon at a time, if it is too dry, or more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, if it is too wet, and knead the dough by processing it for 15 seconds.nPut the dough, prepared by either method, in an oiled bowl and turn it to coat it with the oil.nLet the dough rise, covered with plastic wrap, in a warm place for 1 hour, or until it is double in bulk, and punch it down.nSprinkle an oiled 14inch black steel pizza pan or black steel baking sheet with the cornmeal. roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface into a 14inch round and fit it into the pan Bake for 5 minutes. Brush with melted butter and sprinkle with chocolate chips and sugar.nBake the pizza on the bottom shelf of a preheated 500 degree electric oven or on the floor of a preheated 500 degree gas oven for another 5 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [A 14ounce package 2 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, extra for topping, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 to 2 14 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 package chocolate chunks, Melted butter for topping], title: Chocolate Chip Pizza with Sam, picturelink: null}, 20442: {instructions: Prepare the kebabs: Whisk the olive oil, vinegar, paprika, cumin, brown sugar, garlic and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Cut the beef into 1 12inch pieces, add to the bowl and toss with the marinade. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours.nMeanwhile, make the salsa: Mix the tomato, bell pepper, onion, olive oil, cilantro, vinegar, 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a bowl. Make the chimichurri: Puree the parsley, cilantro, olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a blender. Transfer to a bowl. Cover and refrigerate the salsa and chimichurri until serving.nPreheat a grill to high. Thread the beef and sausage onto skewers keep the meats separate, leaving a bit of space between each piece. Brush the kebabs with olive oil.nBrush the grill with olive oil. Grill the kebabs, turning, until charred and cooked through, 6 to 10 minutes for the beef and 10 to 12 minutes for the sausage. Transfer to a platter and let rest 5 minutes. Season with salt and serve with the salsa and chimichurri.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon hot paprika, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon packed brown sugar, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds beef tritip, 1 pound fresh sausage links, 1 large tomato, finely chopped, 1 green bell pepper, finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup fresh parsley, 1 cup fresh cilantro, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Beef and Sausage Kebabs With Salsa and Chimichurri, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 20443: {instructions: After making a rich meat stock, allow it tonchill in the refrigerator overnight. Then, skim the surface withna slotted spoon to remove any solidified fat. Place dampncheesecloth in a strainer, and freeze until firm. Pour thenskimmed stock through the lined strainer to remove the very lastnvestige of fat. Use perfectly strained stock in your favoritensoups and sauces., ingredients: [Rich meat stock], title: Perfectly Strained Stock, picturelink: null}, 20444: {instructions: For the Lemon Aioli: Mix together all the ingredients in a small bowl. Set aside.nFor the Swordfish Panini: Warm the olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. While the pan heats, season the fish with salt and pepper. Rub the herbs de Provence and minced garlic all over the fish. Cook the fish in the skillet until just cooked through and golden, about 2 to 3 minutes per side, depending on the thickness of the fish.nCut the bread into 4 sandwiches that will accommodate the size of the fish fillet. Cut the bread in half to make a top and bottom for the sandwich. Spread the Lemon Aioli on both halves of the sandwich. Top the bottom half with a handful about 12 cup of arugula greens. Top the arugula greens with the cooked swordfish, and top the sandwich with the remaining bread.nServe immediately., ingredients: [23 cup mayonnaise, 1 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 4 6ounce pieces swordfish, about 1inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon herbs de Provence, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 loaf focaccia bread, 2 ounces about 2 cups fresh arugula greens], title: Swordfish Panini with Arugula and Lemon Aioli, picturelink: 7ZCiIUYZLOHKrTwGo6.DVIPZhE23i}, 20445: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Prepare the french fries as the label directs keep warm.nForm the beef into four 6ounce patties, about 34 inch thick press the center of each patty with your thumb to make a 12inchdeep indentation. Season the patties on both sides with salt and pepper. Lightly brush the grill grates with the vegetable oil, then grill the patties, indentationside up, until marked on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook until marked and slightly firm, about 3 more minutes for medium doneness. During the last minute of grilling, top each patty with a slice of cheese. Remove the patties to a plate and let rest 5 minutes. Grill the buns, cutside down, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute.nSpread the bun bottoms with ketchup and top with the burger patties and french fries. Cover with the bun tops.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 cup frozen crinklecut french fries, 1 12 pounds ground beef, preferably chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 4 slices American cheese, 4 hamburger buns, split, Ketchup, for spreading], title: KidsMenu Burgers, picturelink: gKZeH4pxgayPVNrZOibIh.u5bA83nK}, 20446: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sweet potato and bacon tots: Boil a pot of salted water. Add the potatoes and partially cook, about 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes and set aside. Meanwhile, add the bacon to a small skillet over medium heat and cook until crisp, about 10 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate. Finely chop the bacon when cooled. Heat the oil to 300 degrees F in a straightsided skillet. When the potatoes are cool enough to handle, shred the potatoes using either a box grater or shredding attachment on a food processor. Place 4 sheets of paper towels on a countertop. Dump the potatoes on top of the paper towels and fold the towels over the potatoes. Squeeze as much moisture out of the potatoes as possible. This is the trick to make perfect tater tots too much moisture will result in little pieces of potato all around your skillet when frying. Combine the potatoes with the bacon, flour and 12 teaspoon salt. Mix well to combine. Form the potato mixture into small logs using a 1 tablespoon measuring spoon. Working in batches, fry the tots in the skillet until golden brown, 2 12 to 3 minutes. Adjust the heat, as needed, to keep the oil at 300 degrees F. Transfer the tots to a papertowellined plate to strain excess fat. Sprinkle the tots with salt while still warm.nFor the creamy mustard dipping sauce: Combine the mayo, honey and mustard in a small bowl. Sprinkle the sauce with salt and pepper. Serve the sweet potato and bacon tots hot with the creamy mustard dipping sauce., ingredients: [Salt, 2 large sweet potatoes, unpeeled, 2 strips bacon, 3 cups vegetable oil, 3 heaping tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Potato and Bacon Tots with Creamy Mustard Dipping Sauce, picturelink: SK.5fx328qRIlGTbMSfEihDHOGEXKC}, 20447: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Cut the lard into the dry ingredients with a fork or pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse cornmeal. Stir in the milk a small bit at a time, adding just enough so that the dough rounds up and leaves the sides of the bowl. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll it out until it is 12inch thick. Then with a 2 12inch biscuit cutter, cut out the biscuits and place them on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until they are golden brown on top. Serve hot with butter and jam or with syrup., ingredients: [14 cup lard, 2 cups flour, 1 level tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 cup milk, Butter and jam or syrup, for serving], title: Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 20448: {instructions: Special equipment: Candy thermometer check your thermometers accuracy in boiling water it should read 212 degrees or small bowl of ice water 9inch cake ring or flan ring or several 4inch flan rings placed on parchmentlined baking sheet, generously coated with melted butter and dusted with unsweetened cocoa powder Sheet of rice papernPlace the ring or mold over the sheet of rice paper on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Adjust the oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSpread the nuts on a baking sheet in 2 separate piles, and toast in the oven until lightly browned, about 10 to 15 minutes. Shake the pans halfway through to ensure that the nuts toast evenly. Allow to cool a few minutes. Gather the hazelnuts into a kitchen towel and rub them together to remove the skins. Turn the oven down to 300 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the nuts with the cinnamon, ginger, cloves, nutmeg, pepper, flour, and cocoa powder.nCut the fruit into 12inch pieces and toss with the nut mixture.nIn a small saucepan, stir together the honey and sugar. Over high heat, bring to a boil without stirring. Using a pastry brush dipped in water, brush the sides of the pan to remove any undissolved sugar granules. Cook until the sugar reaches 224 to 240 degrees soft ball stage on a candy thermometer. Remove from the heat and pour into the fruit mixture. Stir to combine as well as possible. The mixture will be very thick and sticky.nDip your hands in water and press the fruit mixture evenly into the pan. Bake for 1 hour, until the top is slightly puffed and the surface is matte. Remove from the oven and cool completely in the pan. Trim the rice paper around the edge of the mold. Store at room temperature, wrapped tightly in plastic wrap, for several weeks.nIn a small saucepan, stir together the honey and sugar. Over high heat, bring to a boil without stirring. Using a pastry brush dipped in water, brush the sides of the pan to remove any undissolved sugar granules. Cook until the sugar reaches 224 to 240 degrees soft ball stage on a candy thermometer. Remove from the heat and pour into the fruit mixture. Stir to combine as well as possible. The mixture will be very thick and sticky., ingredients: [1 14 cups 6 ounces whole unblanched almonds, 1 12 cups 6 ounces  whole unblanched hazelnuts, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, plus extra for dusting, 1 14 pounds dried fruits, preferably organic: any combination of black currants, white or black raisin, black mission figs, white figs, sour cherries, plums, prunes, pears, peaches, nectarines, or cranberries and apricots and candied ginger, 23 cup mildflavored honey, such as clover, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons unbleached allpurpose flour], title: Pan Forte, picturelink: null}, 20449: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until tender, about 8 minutes. Stir in the garlic, tomato paste, and crushed pepper and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes.nAdd the ham hocks, tomatoes, vinegar, sugar, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil. Lower the heat, and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until deep red in color and has thickened, about 20 to 25 minutes. Adjust seasoning salt with pepper. Sauce will keep covered in the refrigerator for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 1 month.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 12 cloves garlic about 1 head, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 ham hocks, 2 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 1 34 cups red wine vinegar, 1 12 cups firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Quick BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20450: {instructions: Form turkey patties approximately 8 ounces each and season on both sides with the seasoning mixture.nHeat vegetable oil in frying pan, saute onions, garlic and jalapenos until translucent. Add orange marmalade mustard powder, white pepper, chili powder and cook for approximately 2 minutes.nGrill turkey patties first on very high heat until nice markings are shown, and then reduce flame to approximately medium. Cook patties until well done 165 degrees F but not overly done. At the same time, grill hamburger buns on both sides.nServe hamburger as openfaced patty with glaze on one side and garnishes on the other.nGuten appetit, ingredients: [3 pounds ground turkey, white and dark meat, 3 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground paprika, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 2 ounces vegetable oil, 1 cup diced yellow onions, 6 fresh garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup diced jalapenos, with seeds, 1 18ounce jar orange marmalade with peel, 3 teaspoons mustard powder recommended: Colemans, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 2 teaspoons chili powder, Romaine lettuce, Red onions, Tomatoes, Kosher pickles, Hamburger buns or Kaiser rolls], title: Tiolis Crazee Burger  Turkey Burger with Orange Mustard Glaze, picturelink: null}, 20451: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, fine salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a food processor. Add the cheese, butter and shortening pulse until the butter is in peasize bits. Add 12 cup ice water and pulse until the dough just starts to come together. Turn out onto a sheet of plastic wrap and pat into a disk. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 2 days.nMeanwhile, prepare the filling: Discard the chicken skin and shred the meat set aside. Put the bones in a pot and add the chicken broth. Cover and simmer over mediumlow heat, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Strain the broth and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Melt the butter in a pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, thyme, celery, carrots and 12 teaspoon kosher salt cook, stirring, until soft, about 6 minutes. Add the mushrooms and 12 teaspoon kosher salt and cook until soft, about 6 more minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add the wine cook until almost evaporated, about 1 minute. Add the broth, cream and 12 teaspoon kosher salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until thick, about 3 minutes. Add the parsley, shredded chicken, and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a 3to4quart baking dish.nRoll out the dough between 2 sheets of parchment paper until slightly larger than the baking dish. Drape the dough over the filling, press it against the inside of the dish and trim. Brush with cream, then cut a few slits in the top. Put on a baking sheet bake until golden, about 35 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon fine salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups grated sharp cheddar cheese about 5 ounces, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 6 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 1 3 12to4pound roasted or rotisserie chicken, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, chopped, 5 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 6 stalks celery, chopped, 6 carrots, chopped, Kosher salt, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps sliced, 12 pound cremini mushrooms, sliced, 7 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry white wine, 23 cup heavy cream, plus more for brushing, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Chicken Potpie With Cheddar Crust, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 20452: {instructions: Heat a large pot of water to a boil. Salt the water and add orzo pasta. Cook to al dente.nPreheat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan. Season chicken liberally with salt and pepper and add to the hot skillet. Cook the chicken for 5 to 6 minutes on each side. Remove the chicken from the pan and cover with foil to keep warm.nReturn the skillet to the heat, turn heat back a bit, and add the butter. Once the butter melts add the mushrooms and brown stirring occasionally for about 4 to 5 minutes. Once the mushrooms are brown season with salt and pepper then add the garlic, thyme and shallots. Cook stirring occasionally for about 2 minutes or until the shallots are wilted. Sprinkle the flour into the pan and cook 2 minutes more. Whisk in the stock, balsamic vinegar and the cream. Turn the heat up to high and simmer for about 2 minutes or until thickened. Slice the chicken on an angle. Add the parsley and the chicken back to the skillet to heat up, about 1 minute.nTo serve, pile orzo on dinner plates and top with the sliced chicken and sauce., ingredients: [Salt, 12 pound orzo pasta, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 6 ounces, Pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cremini or baby portobello mushrooms, sliced, 12 shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and sliced, 12 white mushrooms, sliced, 2 large cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon thyme leaves, a couple of sprigs, chopped, 2 large shallots, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, eyeball it, 3 tablespoons heavy cream or halfandhalf, a couple turns of the pan, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, a generous handful], title: Chicken with Wild Mushroom and Balsamic Cream Sauce, picturelink: OqS2XampfAVXZeJ2KgFD93M5wQbzNyi}, 20453: {instructions: For the paste: Pound the green onions, chile, mint leaves, allspice berries, thyme leaves, lime juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper in a mortar and pestle, grinding them as hard as you can.nFor the lamb: Wash the lamb rumps and pat them dry with paper towels. Mix the spice paste with the lamb in a bowl, using your hands to get it well coated. Cover the bowl, and let the meat rest for at least 1 hour, or overnight, in the refrigerator.nHeat the oil in a mediumsized heavybottomed saucepan. Once hot, add the lamb. Immediately cover the pan with a lid, and turn the heat down to medium. Cook for 5 minutes.nSwirl the water in the bowl in which the lamb was marinated and add the liquid to the pan. Cover once again and cook for another 5 minutes. In a small bowl, combine the stout and brown sugar. Now, remove the lid, add the stout mixture, and bring everything to a boil. Immediately reduce the heat to low, and cook for around 8 minutes, or until the lamb is cooked through. The cooking juices should evaporate, leaving you with a lovely, dark and glossy stew with a bitter, hot, and sweet flavor.nGarnish the dish with fresh mint sprigs and serve with Rice and Peas.nTo make Rice and Peas: First break into the coconut. Choose one of the 3 eyes that you are most likely to be able to puncture. Cooks Note: Youll see them at one end. Only one will work.nTry to penetrate the eye with a strong, sharptipped knife. If the hole doesnt give, try the others. Pour the coconut water out through its eye and set it aside in a small bowl. Smash the coconut open, and, using a small, sharp knife, lever the coconut flesh away from the shell. Cooks Note: Doing this outside against some concrete is a good idea.nGrate the coconut into a bowl. Pour 2 34 cups water over the shreds, and stir. Strain the coconut flesh from the water in fistfuls, and squeeze out all its juices over the bowl. Place the squeezed clumps of grated coconut into a sieve, transfer the coconut water to a saucepan and tip the squeezed coconut back into the bowl. Cover the coconut shreds with the remaining clean water and, once again, lift the coconut flesh up from the water in fistfuls and squeeze out all its juices. Transfer the prepared coconut water to the saucepan, and discard the squeezedout flesh.nIf desired, incorporate the fresh coconut water to the saucepan at this stage. Then, add the black beans, onion, chile, green onion, garlic, allspice berries, thyme, butter, and adjust their seasonings with salt, and black pepper. Bring everything to a boil, cover, and then turn down the heat to medium, and simmer for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, rinse the rice under cold running water until the water runs clear. Drain the rice, and then add the rice to the saucepan with the reserved prepared coconut water or base in the saucepan. You may need to add some additional water to bring the liquid about 1inch above the level of the rice. Season the cooking liquid with salt, and black pepper, bring it to a boil, and then cover the rice immediately. Turn the heat down to its lowest level, and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Dont stir it and dont peek insidenOnce the rice is tender, fish out the chile, green onion, and thyme sprigs, fluff the rice with a fork, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 green onions, white tips removed, chopped, 12 hot red chile, preferably Scotch Bonnet, seeded and finely chopped wear gloves, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 6 allspice berries, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, leaves picked, Juice of 2 limes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 4.5ounce lamb rumps top round lamb, 3 tablespoons sunflower or groundnut oil peanut, 13 cup water, 4 ounces Jamaican or Irish stout, 1 12 tablespoons brown sugar, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish, Rice and Peas, recipe follows, 1 fresh coconut, 3 13 cups warm water, plus more as needed, 1 14ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 12 onion, coarsely chopped, 1 hot red chile, preferably Scotch Bonnet, whole and undamaged, 1 green onion, bruised with a rolling pin, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 7 allspice berries, 2 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 ounces Basmati rice], title: Levis Homecoming Lamb, picturelink: mUe6xqsbBlI7GIIOIyN1bKSkuuCuvKC}, 20454: {instructions: To a large saucepan, combine the Parmesan rinds, carrots, celery, garlic, onions, oregano, thyme, bay leaf and salt. Add 8 cups water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer the broth for 1 hour 15 minutes, adjusting the heat to maintain a simmer and stirring occasionally to prevent sticking. Strain into a clean saucepan and keep warm over low heat.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil. Add the tortellini and cook for 2 minutes less than the package instructions, about 4 minutes. Drain well, then add the tortellini to the broth to finish cooking. Stir in the parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 pound Parmesan rinds, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 1 head garlic, halved across the equator, 1 onion, halved, 4 sprigs fresh oregano, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon salt, plus for pasta water, 1 pound spinach pasta tortellini spinach pasta filled with cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Tortellini in Parmesan Brodo, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 20455: {instructions: Combine the sour cream, mayonnaise, lemon juice and olive oil in a large mixing bowl and stir to combine. Fold in the sliced cabbage, carrots and scallions and stir well. Season with salt and pepper. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 head savoy cabbage, sliced, 14 cup grated carrots, 4 scallions, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Quick Coleslaw, picturelink: 7Aie.eHC37FmzKkhNDEuJrNHOnUF.}, 20456: {instructions: Preheat a 2burner castiron grill or two grill pans over mediumhigh heat for about 3 minutes.nDrizzle the grapeseed oil over the steaks and sprinkle with salt. Place the steaks on the grill, seasonedside down, and cook for 4 to 5 minutes per side, or to the desired doneness.nPlace the broccoli spears on the grill next to the steaks and cook for 4 minutes per side. Brush the steaks with some teriyaki glaze just before taking them off the grill. Let the steaks rest for about 8 minutes before slicing.nArrange the sliced steak and grilled broccoli on a serving platter and finish with additional teriyaki glaze. Sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds and garnish with several sprigs of cilantro.nCombine the pineapple juice, soy sauce, scallions, brown sugar, ginger, garlic and sesame oil in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook until thick, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Two 3pound skirt steaks, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt, 3 large spears broccoli, HawaiianStyle Teriyaki Glaze, recipe follows, Sesame seeds, toasted, for garnish, Cilantro sprigs, for garnish, 2 cups pineapple juice, 2 cups lowsodium soy sauce, 1 cup roughly chopped scallions, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 14 cup peeled and finely chopped fresh ginger, 4 teaspoons finely chopped garlic, 4 teaspoons dark sesame oil], title: Grilled Skirt Steaks with HawaiianStyle Teriyaki Glaze and Grilled Broccoli, picturelink: uvi4r9daKrvRByF0P1uZUhDT.3uKNaC}, 20457: {instructions: Soak the sweetbreads in cold water to cover for 2 hours, changing the water 3 times. Drain and place the sweetbreads in a saucepan. Cover with cold water and add the lemon juice. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low and simmer for 5 minutes. Drain the sweetbreads and immediately plunge them into a bowl of cold water. After 3 or 4 minutes, remove and drain the sweetbreads on paper towels. Separate into lobes, with the natural partitions, and remove the tubes and connective tissues. The pieces will be approximately 2 by 2 inches.nIn a large skillet that will hold all the sweetbreads in a single layer, heat the butter and olive oil over medium heat. Add the sweetbreads, sprinkle them with salt and pepper, and increase the heat to medium high. Cook, without stirring for about 3 minutes, then turn the sweetbreads to the other side. Continue cooking until golden, about 5 minutes more. Transfer them with a slotted spoon to a plate and set aside.nAdd the onion and shallot to the pan and saute for about 5 minutes, until golden. Add the vinegar and sherry, increase the heat to high, and deglaze the pan, stirring and scraping until the liquid has reduced by half. Add the beef broth or veal stock and simmer until again reduced by half, to just under 1 cup. Whisk in the honey and the butter and return the sweetbreads to the pan. Turn them in the sauce until heated through and nicely glazed, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 pounds lamb or calves sweetbreads, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 4 shallots, finely chopped, 2 12 tablespoons sherry vinegar, or to taste, 14 cup fino or amontillado sherry, 1 12 cups beef broth or veal stock, reduced by half, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Lamb Sweetbreads in a Honey and Sherry Vinegar Glaze, picturelink: null}, 20458: {instructions: Puree the tomato, chile and 1 cup watermelon in a blender. Add the vinegar and olive oil and pulse. Add the red onion, cucumber and dill, season with salt and pepper and puree until smooth. Chill at least 30 minutes. Loosen with a few tablespoons water, if needed.nPour the gazpacho into chilled cups or bowls top with dill, the feta and the remaining watermelon.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [1 large tomato, 12 serrano chile, 2 cups cubed seedless watermelon, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 12 English cucumber, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill, plus more for topping, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: Watermelon Gazpacho, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 20459: {instructions: For the tempura batter, place 1 14 cups of the club soda in a medium mixing bowl and sift the flour and cornstarch over it. Add the salt and whisk until evenly blended. The batter should be the consistency of thin pancake batter. If necessary, add additional soda water 1 tablespoon at a time to reach correct consistency. Cover and refrigerate for 45 minutes to 1 hour.nBring a saucepan of water to a boil. Add the asparagus, blanch for 6 minutes, then shock in ice water and drain.nPlace a bamboo sushi mat on a work surface with the slats crosswise. Center 1 sheet of nori on the sushi mat. Place a sheet of salmon on top of the nori, leaving a 1inch border of nori uncovered along the top. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon of black sesame seeds evenly over the salmon and season with salt and black pepper. Place 3 shiso leaves side by side, then add 4 asparagus spears side by side horizontally about 1inch above the bottom edge.nGrasping the bamboo mat, the nori, and the edge of the salmon on the bottom, tightly roll up, enclosing the asparagus. Firmly press the 1inch border at the top to create a seal. The moisture from the salmon will be enough to make the 2 pieces of nori adhere to each other. The roll should be about 1 34 inches in diameter. Carefully remove the bamboo mat, transfer the salmon roll to a plate, and refrigerate.nRepeat with the remaining ingredients, making 2 more salmon rolls. The rolls can be refrigerated for up to 2 hours at this point.nWith a serrated knife, cut each of the 3 salmon rolls in half crosswise so that you have 6 4inch rolls.nIn a large heavy saucepan, heat 4 inches of vegetable oil to 375 degrees F.nInsert 1 long bamboo skewer crosswise through 1 end of a salmon roll, then insert another skewer through the other end. Using the ends of the skewers as handles, dip the roll into the tempura batter so that it is completely coated, letting the excess batter drip back into the bowl. Carefully immerse the roll in the hot oil, and after 10 seconds, gently push it off the skewers to float free in the oil. Fry until batter is crisp, about 1 to 2 minutes more.nWith a skimmer, transfer the first roll to a paper towellined plate and keep warm in a very low oven. With the skimmer, remove any leftover bits of batter from the oil so that they dont burn and smoke.nRepeat with the remaining 5 rolls. With a serrated knife, quickly trim off the ends of the rolls and cut each into 5 34inchlong rounds.nMake a tall mound of the salad in the center of each of 6 serving plates. Lean 5 pieces of roll against the salad around the base. Dot the remaining 12 cup of honey mustard dressing from the salad recipe around the outer edge of the plates. Garnish the salad on each plate with a pinch of daikon sprouts.nIn a medium mixing bowl, toss the julienned vegetables with the salt, pepper, and 12 cup of the dressing. Reserve remaining dressing for garnish.nChefs Note for preparing salmon slices: Either ask your fishmonger to cut the salmon sheets for you, or buy a fillet of salmon cut from the tail section where it is the thinnest and proceed as follows. Make a guide for your knife by placing large wooden chopsticks about 6 inches apart on a cutting board. Place the salmon fillet between them lengthwise and rest the chopsticks against the long edges of the fish. Holding a very long, sharp filleting knife so that 1 flat side of the blade is parallel to the cutting board, slice the salmon horizontally while steadying the top of the salmon with your other hand. When you have cut one sheet, lift it off the fillet and repeat the process a second and a third time, until you have 3 sheets the blade may end up resting against the guides. Trim the salmon slices to 4 by 8 inches and reserve the trimmings for another use., ingredients: [1 14 to 1 12 cups cold club soda, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 asparagus spears, trimmed and bottom 2 inches peeled, 3 8 by 8inch sheets nori, 3 4 by 8inch sheets fresh salmon, about 38inch thick, see cooks note, 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 9 shiso leaves, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, Daikon, Carrot, and Cucumber Salad, recipe follows, Daikon radish sprouts, for garnish, Special equipment: a bamboo sushi mat and bamboo skewers, 14 pound trimmed daikon radish, julienned, 2 carrots, julienned, 14 pound English cucumber, julienned, 13 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup honey mustard dressing, homemade or prepared], title: Salmon Tempura with Daikon Salad, picturelink: null}, 20460: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the leeks and saute until just beginning to wilt, about 1 minute. Add 14 cup of water, cover and simmer 10 to 15 minutes or until tender and wilted.nAdd the tomatoes, beans, rice and broth and water.nBring the liquid to a boil season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover the pot and cook gently over low heat until the rice is tender, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile stem the spinach and mustard greens, rinse them well and chop coarsely.nAdd them to the pot and simmer 3 to 4 minutes just until tender. Adjust the seasoning and serve very hot as is or float cheese crusts on top if you wish.nCheese crusts: slice some lovely good bread on the bias, toast lightly, then top with grated Parmesan or other cheese of choice and melt in toaster oven or broiler., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 bunch of leeks, green and white parts, well washed, trimmed and thinly sliced, 2 large ripe tomatoes, washed, pureed in a food processor until smooth, 2 cans white kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup long grain white rice, 1 quart chicken broth, 1 quart water, 1 pound spinach or 8 ounces each spinach and mustard greens, Salt and pepper], title: Savory Thick Greens Soup, picturelink: null}, 20461: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Brush a 10 to 12cup Bundt pan with olive oil dust with flour and tap out the excess. Whisk the allpurpose flour, almond flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside.nCombine the granulated sugar and eggs in a large bowl beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until thick and pale yellow, about 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to medium and slowly beat in the olive oil until the batter is smooth. Beat in the vanilla and almond extracts. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the flour mixture in two additions, alternating with the almond milk, until just combined.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out with a few moist crumbs, 50 to 60 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool 15 minutes in the pan. Loosen with an offset spatula, then invert onto the rack to cool completely.nMake the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar and 2 tablespoons milk in a bowl until smooth stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon milk if the glaze is too thick. Spoon the glaze over the cake, letting it drip down the sides. Sprinkle with pomegranate seeds and chopped almonds. Let the glaze set, about 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Ben Goldstein, ingredients: [1 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the pan, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 cup almond flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 12 cup unsweetened almond milk, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 to 3 tablespoons milk, Pomegranate seeds and chopped toasted almonds, for topping], title: Almond Olive Oil Bundt Cake, picturelink: inTnnXZLU2tVxW.cpT2fn0ul0jkOSzm}, 20462: {instructions: For the roast pork: In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar, coriander, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, black pepper, cinnamon and cumin to make a dry rub. Massage the rub over the pork, making sure to rub it in between the scored fat cap. Wrap the pork in plastic wrap and let it sit for 2 hours or overnight in the fridge.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F with the oven rack in the middle position.nRemove the plastic wrap from the pork and place in a Dutch oven with a lid. Cover and place in the oven to roast for 3 hours. After 3 hours, uncover and cook for another 45 minutes to brown the fat and cook until the pork registers 200 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove from the oven and let rest for 20 minutes.nFor the sandwich build: Using two forks or your hands, pull apart the warm pork. Toss with the Chile Sauce. Butter and toast the buns until golden brown. Place ample quantities of pork on the bottom bun and top with Grilled Pineapple Relish and shredded red cabbage. Do your best hula dance and enjoy.nBring the vinegar, sugar, crushed red pepper, salt and garlic to a boil and cook until the sugar and salt dissolve. Simmer for 5 to 10 minutes, and then set aside until the pork is ready. Right before you toss in the pork, remove the smashed garlic cloves.nPreheat a grill pan or grill over high heat. Rub the grill with a bit of oil and grill each side of the pineapple slices until dark grill marks appear, 3 to 5 minutes a side. Roughly chop the pineapple and add it to a bowl with the cilantro, ginger, lime juice, jalapeno and onions. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 boneless pork butt or shoulder, fat cap scored about 5 pounds, Sweet Chile Sauce, warmed, recipe follows, Unsalted butter, softened, to toast rolls, 4 soft potato rolls or sweet Hawaiian bread rolls, Grilled Pineapple Relish, recipe follows, Shredded red cabbage, to garnish, 2 cups rice vinegar, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, Oil, for grilling, 1 fresh pineapple, skinned, cored and cut into 1inch slices, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon peeled and grated fresh ginger, 1 lime, juiced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced, 12 red onion, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Hawaiian BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich with Grilled Pineapple Relish, picturelink: nrgQYK3AfOOr7Qz2GH5HBO.WSO4JtP2}, 20463: {instructions: Special equipment: nine 4inch tart pansnFor the coffee frozen custard: Roughly chop the coffee beans and add to a pot, along with the milk. Heat until steaming.nWhisk the egg yolks, whole egg and sugar until lightened, about 30 seconds. Temper the eggs by slowly whisking in some of the hot milk. Add back to the saucepan and heat to 170 degrees F on a thermometer, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat and whisk in the cream, vanilla and espresso powder. Strain through a finemesh sieve, then cool in an ice bath.nTransfer the frozen custard base to an ice cream maker, churn according to manufacturers instructions and then freeze until firm.nFor the pate brisee: Combine the pastry flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Pulse to mix. Add the butter and pulse until blended and the mixture looks like sand. Drizzle in the eggs, 4 teaspoons water, and vanilla process just until a dough comes together.nTransfer the dough to the counter and shape into two 1inchthick disks. Wrap in plastic and chill for 30 minutes.nFor the filling: Cook the bacon until crispy, though not burned. Drain on paper towels. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat, leaving the remaining fat in the pan.nRoughly chop the pecans and add them to the bacon skillet, along with the brown sugar and a pinch of salt. Cook over high heat until the sugar melts. Reserve in a bowl.nCream together butter, reserved bacon fat, white sugar and 14 teaspoon salt in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix in the vanilla and orange zest.nAdd the eggs in 3 additions, scraping the bowl in between. Blend well.nAdd the light corn syrup and dark corn syrup blend until smooth. Reserve.nParbake the tart shell: Roll out lemonsize pieces of pate brisee to a 14inch thickness. Place over nine 4inch tart pans and gently press in.nRoll the pin over the tart pans to cut away excess dough, then prick the dough with a fork. Place the tart pans on a baking sheet and freeze for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the foil over each tart and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Prebake for about 15 minutes, or until the tart shells are lightly browned. Remove the pie weights and foil. Raise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nFinish the tart: Place enough pecans in each tart shell to fill them level, then crumble over some bacon. Pour the filling into the tart shells, filling up to the edge.nBake the tarts for 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F and bake for another 20 minutes. Let cool.nFor the meringue: With an electric mixer, whip the egg whites until foamy. Slowly add the sugar and then the vanilla whip to a medium peaks. Transfer to a pastry bag.nPipe a rosette of meringue onto each tart, then toast with a kitchen torch.nServe the tarts with a scoop of the coffee frozen custard., ingredients: [14 cup whole coffee beans, 2 cups whole milk, 6 egg yolks, 1 whole egg, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 tablespoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon espresso powder, 3 15 cups pastry flour, 2 cups plus 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 large eggs, whisked, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 ounces maplecured bacon about 5 slices, 6 ounces whole pecans, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, Salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup white sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Zest of 12 orange, 4 large eggs, 12 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup dark corn syrup, 2 egg whites, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Candied Bacon and Pecan Meringue Tart with Coffee Frozen Custard, picturelink: wxiE9dPoZhygu8zPnl0bzcNYPKR8Fm2}, 20464: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust: In a food processor, pulse the wafers, pecans, sugar and cinnamon until they reach a consistency that can be pressed. Work the butter into the mix until crumbly. Press uniformly into 1 large or 6 mini springform pans. Bake for 5 minutes.nFor the filling: In a stand mixer or with a hand mixer, mix the cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the sour cream and mix well. Add the eggs and yolks one at a time mix well and scrape down the sides before adding the next egg. Add the maple syrup and extract. Pour into the pan with the baked crust, stopping 12 inch from the top of the crust. Bake for 12 minutes if using mini pans or 27 minutes if using a large pan. After 5 or 10 minutes depending on the size of pan, put the pieces of bacon into the cheesecake.nFor the topping: Mix the sour cream, sugar, maple syrup, vanilla and bacon fat in a bowl. Carefully pour spoonfuls of the topping on the cheesecake from the outside edges to the middle of the top. Be careful to not overfill the pan. Bake for an additional 5 minutes. Carefully remove from the oven and cool in the refrigerator until set.nFor the candied bacon garnish: Cook the bacon until crispy and place on a rack. Mix the maple syrup with the extract and pepper and paint the mixture with a pastry brush on both sides of the bacon. Broil the bacon for 1 minute on each side. Crack more pepper over the bacon and cool until set. Garnish the cheesecake with the candied bacon., ingredients: [1 box vanilla wafers, such as Nilla, 1 cup pecans, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 2 pounds cream cheese, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup sour cream, 4 eggs plus 2 yolks, 12 cup maple syrup, 1 teaspoon maple extract, 8 ounces bacon, cooked until crisp and roughly diced, 8 ounces sour cream, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup maple syrup, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons bacon fat, 8 ounces bacon, 12 cup maple syrup, 1 teaspoon maple extract, 12 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, plus more to season], title: Maple Bacon Cheesecake, picturelink: XoNJfD3ocExJ.f8waXX0zilrWg3iQgK}, 20465: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 6 capacity muffin tin with cooking spray.nCombine cornmeal, flour and sugar in a bowl. Mix the egg and buttermilk in another bowl and add to the flour mixture, whisking well. Stir in the chopped salmon.nSpoon cornmeal mixture into greased muffin pans.nBake in the preheated oven for about 12 minutes or until muffins are lightly brown.nFor the frosting, whisk the cream cheese with lemon juice, chopped chives, and capers in a medium bowl and set asidenRemove the muffins from the oven and cool completely. When cooled, top the cupcake with the frosting and garnish with strips of smoked salmon., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup cornmeal, 12 cup selfrising flour, sifted, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 egg, 12 cup buttermilk, 6 ounces finely chopped smoked salmon, 1 12 cups cream cheese, room temperature, 12 cup chopped fresh chives, 12 cup capers, 14 cup julienne smoked salmon], title: Salmon Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 20466: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the sauce base: Combine all ingredients in a large bowl. Toss to combine and set aside.nFor the vegetables: In a large saucepan over mediumlow heat, combine carrot, celery, zucchini, peppers, olive oil, pine nuts and the sauce base, and let simmer for 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, bake the eggplant until softened, about 20 minutes. Let cool slightly, then remove peel and mash flesh. Add to vegetables. Simmer until eggplant combines with vegetable sauce, about 5 to 10 minutes. Set aside.nFor the pizza: stretch the dough out into a large pizza pan or baking sheet. Spread with the vegetable sauce. Top with mozzarella chunks, chicken, tuna and grated cheese. Bake in the oven at 350 degrees F for 10 minutes, then increase oven temperature to 450 degrees F and bake until bottom crust is brown and crispy, about 8 minutes.nIf desired, garnish with cooked tricolor pasta., ingredients: [12 ounces plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 13 ounces tomato paste, 14 teaspoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Garlic powder, for seasoning, 8 fresh basil leaves, torn, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 rib celery, chopped, 1 small eggplant, chopped, 1 zucchini, chopped, 12 green bell pepper, sliced, 12 yellow bell pepper, sliced, 1 roasted red bell pepper, sliced, 14 cup olive oil, 1 ounce pine nuts, 1 small eggplant, 24 ounces pizza dough, 13 pound fresh mozzarella, cut into chunks, 1 pound fresh buffalo mozzarella, cut into chunks, 6 ounces cooked chicken, diced or shredded, 6 ounces cooked tuna, diced or shredded, 2 ounces grated romano cheese, Cooked tricolor pasta, for garnish, optional], title: Holiday Pizza, picturelink: null}, 20467: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a rock glass combine cranberries, lime wedge, sugar and mint leaves. Using a muddler or the handle of an ice cream scoop crush together ingredients until all the juice has been extracted from the limes and cranberries. Fill glass with ice add rum. Top off with seltzer and stir. Garnish with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [10 whole fresh cranberries, 1 lime wedge, 1 tablespoon sugar, 5 mint leaves, plus a sprig for garnish, 1 shot rum, Seltzer water], title: Mistletoe Mojito, picturelink: Z1E730MdFvppbwyi6eFtYmmjogK8kje}, 20468: {instructions: Preheat grill pan or griddle over medium high heat.nPour 2 tablespoons vegetable oil into a small saucepan over moderate heat. Add red onions and saute 3 to 5 minutes. Add vinegar and reduce by half, 1 to 2 minutes. Add brown sugar and cook 1 minute to incorporate. Whisk in broth and honey mustard, allspice and curry. Bring sauce to a bubble and reduce heat to lowest setting.nCoat chicken with a drizzle of oil and salt and pepper, to your taste. Place chicken on hot grill and cook 4 or 5 minutes, then turn. Baste chicken liberally with sauce and cook another 5 minutes. Turn once again and baste. Cook 2 or 3 minutes more to cook through and transfer chicken to a platter and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 red onion, chopped, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup brown sugar, a couple of handfuls, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup prepared honey mustard recommended: Honey Cup brand, 12 teaspoon allspice, eyeball it, 12 teaspoon curry powder, eyeball it, 4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast, 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, Vegetable oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Honey Mustard and Red Onion Barbecued Chicken, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 20469: {instructions: Place flour, sugar shortening and salt, in a bowl of a mixer. Place water in a separate bowl, add yeast and sugar, let stand for 5 to 6 minutes or until yeast rises to the top of the water. With kneading hook on the mixer, start mixer and add water. Mix for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from bowl and place on floured sheet pan. Knead slightly adding flour if needed and form a large dough ball. Refrigerate for 45 minutes before using in various recipes.nSPECIAL NOTES: Flour MUST be high gluten. Yeast MUST be granulated Red Star Granulated Active Dry is preferred. If the room temperature is hotter than normal, and more humid than normal, you may want to adjust your yeast water to accommodate, ingredients: [7 12 cups High Gluten Flour ConAgra HyJump or Dakotana, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1ounce vegetable shortening, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 cups water lukewarm to slightly warm, 1 12 tablespoons active, dry, granulated, yeast, Pinch sugar], title: Master Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 20470: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the brown sugar, water, corn syrup, butter, and cream of tartar this bit of acid keeps the sugar from crystallizing. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon to dissolve the sugar. When the sugar syrup reaches a boil, stop stirring and swirl the pan around over the heat so it doesnt burn. As the syrup reaches the caramel stage, the bubbles on top will become smaller, thicker, and closer together. Simmer for 10 to 12 minutes, until the caramel coats the back of the spoon. If so inclined, stick a candy thermometer in the pot and cook until the syrup reaches the softcrack stage, about 270 degrees F. When you drop a bit of this syrup into cold water, it will solidify into threads that, when removed, are hard yet bendable. Remove the caramel from the heat and stir in the marshmallows. Fold the marshmallows into the hot caramel so they all melt into a gooey caramel sauce.nThe caramel will coat better if the popcorn is hot, so make it while boiling the sugar or pop it first then keep it warm. Put the popcorn in a big bowl and pour the caramel marshmallow mixture over the popcorn. Gently fold with a wooden spoon to coat each kernel. Grab handfuls of the popcorn and squeeze it together to form popcorn balls make them about the size of a tennis ball. Put the popcorn balls on a sheet pan lined with waxed paper to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup brown sugar, packed, 12 cup water, 12 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Pinch cream of tartar, 12 10ounce package marshmallows, about 4 cups, 10 cups hot, salted popcorn, uncooked kernels removed], title: Gooey Caramel Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 20471: {instructions: Special equipment: balloonsnPlease consider a few things before you begin this project. First, not every balloon works. They dont always release. If you can find the strong punching bag type balloon, choose that one. Some people are allergic to latex so be aware that most balloons are made from latex. Inflate the balloon. Secure it closed with a ribbon you will need to untie this later. Dip the bottom of the balloon in the dark chocolate. This will create a base. Set the wet chocolate onto a parchment paperlined surface. Make sure it stands straight. Let the chocolate set until firm. Place dark chocolate in a cornet. The next step will be easier if you have an assistant. Have the assistant hold the balloon horizontally in front of you while you pipe chocolate lines from top to bottom all the way around the surface. When complete, drizzle more lines diagonally across the existing lines. Apply a bit more chocolate near the top opening and near the bottom to provide extra support. This will form a bird cage effect. Let the chocolate set. When the chocolate begins to harden, release a little bit of the air from the balloon, but just enough so the balloon retracts slightly about 18inch from the outside. Carefully set the chocolate covered balloon aside. Depending on your room temperature, it will take a good 10 minutes to set. To make the balloon flowers, inflate 10 small balloons and close them with ribbons. Your presentation will be more interesting if you inflate them to different degrees to make different sized flowers. Dip each balloon anywhere from 1 to 3 times to create a different number of petals on each. To accomplish this, dip the balloon once, spin it slightly, dip it again, etc. Set each dipped balloon on a parchmentlined sheet pan and allow the chocolate to set. When set, pop the balloon and remove the deflated balloon from the flower. Use cocoa butter paints to decorate the insides of the flowers. Let the paint set. If you made different sizes, you can layer the balloon flowers by setting one inside another. Use chocolate to glue them together. Slowly deflate the large balloon that is inside the large chocolate cage by untying its ribbon. Carefully pull the deflated balloon through the hole at the top. Use tempered chocolate to glue the chocolate flowers onto the large cage. Reserve one to cover the hole at the top. Your guests will certainly be fascinated by your creation.nFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make at Home, by Jacques TorresnHow to Temper Chocolate:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper. One of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer. Another way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk. The classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess. A simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [32 ounces dark chocolate, tempered, 16 ounces white chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, Powdered food colors], title: Chocolate Balloon Centerpiece, picturelink: null}, 20472: {instructions: For the quinoa: In a small pot, bring 3 cups water to a boil. Add the black quinoa and some sea salt. Bring back to a boil for 20 minutes, and then reduce to a simmer for another 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the butter, garlic powder and some sea salt. Put to the side.nFor the guacamole: Remove the skin of the avocados and remove the pits as well. Chop the avocados into small chunks and place in a medium bowl. Cut the jalapeno in half, remove the seeds and dice. Dice the red onion and red bell pepper. Add the jalapenos, onions and bell peppers into the bowl along with the juice of 2 limes. Season with salt and pepper and mix together. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate.nFor the salsa: Peel the mango and cut into small chunks. Dice the tomatoes. Chop the white onion. Wash and chop the cilantro. In a bowl, mix the mango, tomatoes, onions and cilantro with the juice of 3 limes. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the fish: Chop the fish into 1inch cubes. In a mixing bowl, combine some cumin, garlic powder, jerk spice, salt and pepper to your taste. Stir in the lime juice. Add the fish and let marinate for a few minutes.nHeat some olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat.nPlace the fish in the hot pan and allow it to cook for 2 minutes. Add the wine. Cook for another 4 to 5 minutes, and then set aside. Place 2 tablespoons fish on a warm tortilla and garnish with some salsa, guacamole and yogurt. Or assemble tacos as desired. Serve with the quinoa on the side., ingredients: [One 8ounce package black quinoa, Sea salt, 1 teaspoon butter, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 3 ripe avocados, 1 jalapeno pepper, 1 red onion, 1 red bell pepper, 2 limes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 mango, 4 plum tomatoes, 12 white onion, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, 3 limes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lime, juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound snapper or grouper see Cooks Note, below, Ground cumin, Garlic powder, Jerk spice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup white wine, 12 soft corn tortillas, warmed for serving, Greek yogurt, for serving], title: Kochmans Fish Tacos, picturelink: null}, 20473: {instructions: In a large bowl beat together the eggs and the milk. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn an 8inch nonstick ovenproof skillet add the canola oil and heat over medium heat. Add the potatoes, and then the egg mixture. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cook, undisturbed, until almost completely set center will still be loose, about 3 minutes. Put the skillet in the oven until set and slightly puffed, about 5 to 8 minutes. Remove from the oven to a cutting board and let cool for 5 minutes. Cut into wedges and transfer to a serving platter.nTopping: In a small bowl, combine all of the ingredients and serve alongside the tortilla wedges., ingredients: [5 eggs, 12 cup milk, 1 cup potatoes, reserved from Barcelona Potatoes recipe, chopped, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 plum tomatoes, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Pinch salt and fresh ground black pepper], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Spanish Tortilla, picturelink: null}, 20474: {instructions: Set out ice cream cups, sorbet selections, ice cream scoops, coconut. Toss sliced bananas with a little lemon juice to retard browning. Set bananas in a bowl along side dishes of sliced berries and cookies. Just like the salad bar, they can have it their way., ingredients: [1 pint mango sorbet, 1 pint strawberry sorbet, 1 pint raspberry sorbet, 1 cup shredded coconut, 2 ripe bananas, sliced, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 pint strawberries, sliced, 1 package wafer cookies or wafer roll cookies], title: Sorbet Bar, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 20475: {instructions: In a small saute pan over medium heat, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil and saute shallot until translucent. Add mushrooms, garlic, carrots and saute for 10 to 15 minutes, until most of the liquid from mushrooms has evaporated. Remove from heat and pour mixture into a large bowl. Let cool. Stir in parsley, bread crumbs, egg, balsamic vinegar and salt and pepper to taste. The mixing spoon should stand in the mixture. If not, add more bread crumbs Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nShape mushroom mixture into 4 burgers. Heat remaining oil in a large saute pan over medium high heat and sear until golden on both sides. Crumble cheese over the top and place pan in oven for 15 minutes until lightly browned. Remove each burger to a bun and serve with traditional garnish of sliced onion, tomato and fries., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 2 pounds portobello mushrooms, finely chopped, 12 cup button mushrooms roughly chop, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup carrots, minced, 14 bunch of Italian parsley, washed, stems removed, finely chopped, 2 cups fresh bread crumbs about 3 slices, 1 egg, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper to taste, 4 ounces Stilton cheese, crumbled, Hamburger buns], title: Mushroom Burgers, picturelink: null}, 20476: {instructions: For the sliders: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the olive oil, brown sugar, chile powder, smoked paprika, salt, pepper, cayenne, garlic, jalapenos and onions and blend until a thick paste forms. Rub the paste all over the pork and place in a large Dutch oven skinside up. Add 1 cup water, cover tightly with a lid and roast until just tender, 4 to 5 hours.nRemove the lid and continue cooking until the pork is falling apart and a dark bark has formed, 1 to 2 hours longer. Allow to cool slightly.nRemove the pork from the pot and remove and discard the fat. Shred the pork with 2 forks. Remove as much of the fat as possible from the sauce, then transfer the shredded pork back to the sauce. Stir in the spicy barbecue sauce to just coat the meat.nFor the fixings: Serve on mini buns with a toppings bar including bacon, Colorful Coleslaw, a variety of pickles [regular, pickled red onions and pickled jalapenos], wholegrain mustard, spicy barbecue sauce and hot sauce.nCombine the mini sweet peppers, carrots and cabbage in a bowl. In a separate bowl, mix together the milk, mayonnaise, sugar, vinegar, salt and hot sauce. Pour over the cabbage mixture and toss to combine. Add the cilantro and mix. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chile powder, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 3 cloves garlic, 2 jalapeno peppers, halved, 1 large onion, quartered, One 6pound pork shoulder roastbutt, One 18ounce jar spicy barbecue sauce Head Country makes a spicy one, 3 dozen mini buns, for serving, Crispy fried bacon slices, halved, Colorful Coleslaw, recipe follows, Variety of pickles such as regular, pickled red onions and pickled jalapenos, Wholegrain mustard, Spicy barbecue sauce, Hot sauce, 3 mini sweet peppers in 2 different colors, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, shredded, 12 head green cabbage, thinly sliced, 12 head purple cabbage, thinly sliced, 12 cup whole milk, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Couple dashes hot sauce, 2 cups fresh cilantro leaves], title: Spicy Pulled Pork Sliders, picturelink: sRTMtp1G3UrN.Apu7MB0xMXwonhIjye}, 20477: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment.nCombine the meatloaf mix, breadcrumbs, mozzarella, sundried tomatoes, Parmesan, parsley, basil, oregano, Worcestershire, eggs, onion, 14 cup of the ketchup, half of the garlic, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Use your hands and mix together until combined well.nTransfer the mixture to the prepared baking sheet and form it into a compact ovalshaped loaf, about 9by5inches. Bake the meatloaf for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, stir together the vinegar, brown sugar, Italian seasoning, the remaining 14 cup ketchup and garlic in a small bowl. Brush the top and sides of the meatloaf all over with the garlicherb glaze. Continue to bake until the glaze starts to caramelize and a thermometer inserted in the center of the meatloaf registers 160 degrees F, about 25 minutes more. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing and serving.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground meatloaf mix, 1 cup plain dry breadcrumbs, 34 cup shredded mozzarella, 12 cup drained and chopped sundried tomatoes packed in oil, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 medium onion, grated, 12 cup ketchup, 2 cloves garlic, finely grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning], title: Italian Meatloaf with Garlic Herb Glaze, picturelink: 1wSZ5vPUWYU309vlm.7cabXtsBO.6j.}, 20478: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCook the noodles to al dente according to the directions on the package. Drain them well and spread them out onto aluminum foil or waxed paper to prevent them from sticking.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and all the liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Season with 14 teaspoon of the salt. Stir in 1 12 cups of the tomato sauce and simmer for 2 minutes. In a medium bowl, combine the ricotta cheese, spinach, egg, the remaining 14 teaspoon salt, a few turns of pepper and nutmeg.nSpread 1 cup of the tomato sauce on the bottom of a 9 by 12inch baking dish. Spread about 2 tablespoons of the ricotta mixture onto a lasagna noodle. Top with about 1 12 tablespoons of the mushroom mixture, roll the noodle and place it into the baking dish. Repeat with the remaining noodles. Spread the remaining 1 12 cups sauce over the lasagna rolls. Top with the grated cheeses, cover loosely with foil and bake for 45 minutes. Uncover and bake for 15 minutes more.nIn a large pot, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes longer. Add the tomato paste, dried oregano, whole tomatoes and bay leaf, and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 wholewheat lasagna noodles about 34 pound, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 ounces portobello mushrooms, chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 cups Easy Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, or storebought marinara sauce, One 15ounce container partskim ricotta cheese, One 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained, 1 egg, lightly beaten, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch ground nutmeg, 3 ounces grated partskim mozzarella cheese about 23 cup, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Two 28ounce cans whole tomatoes, drained, chopped, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Portobello Lasagna Rollups, picturelink: M1fu.N23r2WCgHxswg4hojQWSKSIEC}, 20479: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and thyme sprigs, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is caramelized, 15 to 17 minutes reduce the heat if the onion is getting too dark. Add the Worcestershire sauce and cook until the skillet is dry, about 1 minute. Add the beef broth and cook, stirring, until the mixture is slightly saucy, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly discard the thyme sprigs and stir in the chives.nUsing a small serrated knife, hollow out the bread loaf, leaving a u00bdinchthick shell reserve the cutout bread. Drizzle the inside of the bread with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Fill the loaf with half of the brie, then top with the onion mixture and the remaining brie transfer to a baking sheet. Bake until the brie melts and the bread is toasted, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, slice the reserved bread into pieces and arrange on a separate baking sheet drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake until toasted, 5 to 8 minutes. Top the dip with more chives and serve with the toasted bread and crackers andor crudites.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 large onion, halved and thinly sliced, 6 sprigs thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup lowsodium beef broth, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, plus more for topping, 1 loaf French bread 18 to 20 inches, 8 ounces brie cheese, rind removed, thinly sliced, Crackers andor crudites, for serving], title: BrieOnion Dip in a French Bread Bowl, picturelink: 8uFF651Quzs551AzROlmU9ujzffNENW}, 20480: {instructions: In a large nonreactive bowl, combine soy, garlic, ginger, flour, and cornstarch. Season the pork generously with salt and pepper. Place the pork in the bowl and toss to cover. Marinate in the refrigerator overnight.nDrain off any excess marinade and dredge the pork in flour seasoned with salt and pepper. In a large frying pan heat 1inch of oil to 350 degrees F. Fry the pork in batches, until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Reserve on a warm plate.nIn a separate bowl, combine the ketchup, sugar, vinegar, and honey. Whisk to blend.nIn a small roasting pan heat the canola and sesame oils. Place the pork and vegetables into the pan and cover with the ketchup mixture. Bring to a simmer and cook until the pork is tender., ingredients: [23 cup soy sauce, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 14 cup flour, plus seasoned flour for dredging, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 pound pork butt, cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt and pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 ounce honey, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 tablespoon sesame oil, 13 cup large diced Vidalia onion, 13 cup large diced celery, 13 cup carrots sliced 14inch thick, on a bias, 13 cup large diced red bell pepper, 13 cup large diced green bell pepper, 1 cup fresh pineapple, cut into 1inch cubes], title: Sweet and Sour Pork, picturelink: iwJnet7Fv64tcUNw2AzS6DMNUAg373q}, 20481: {}, 20482: {instructions: In a food processor, mix sesame paste, oils, and vinegar. Add chile, garlic and herbs and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. In a large mixing bowl toss pasta, cucumbers and chicken with dressing. Check for seasoning and garnish with red bell peppers and basilmint leaves.nPreheat oven to 550 degrees. Rub chicken with oil, then salt and pepper. Place chicken, breast side up, in the oven and cook for about 25 minutes or until golden brown. May have to rotate the chicken for even coloring. When chicken is fully browned, turn down oven to 325 degrees. Cover with foil to prevent burning. Chicken will take another 45 to 55 minutes. Chicken is done when one can move the wing back and forth with great ease. Allow chicken to rest for 10 minutes before serving. When chicken is cooled, remove skin and handshred the meat. Broil the skin to crisp up then julienne for garnish., ingredients: [12 cup chinese sesame paste or tahini can also substitute creamy peanut butter, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 14 cup canola oil, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 serrano chiles, destemmed, 2 cloves garlic, 13 cup basil leaves, 1 bunch chopped scallions, 13 cup mint leaves, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 pound angel hair pasta, blanched and refreshed, 2 english cucumbers julienned, 2 cups shredded chicken from whole roasted chicken, recipe follows, Garnish: 1 red bell pepper finely diced, 1 whole chicken, preferably organic with giblets removed, Salt and black pepper to taste, Canola oil], title: Sesame Noodles with Cucumbers and Shredded Chicken, picturelink: null}, 20483: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the eggs and heavy cream in a large bowl and add the granulated sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, vanilla and orange zest and whisk again.nHeat some clarified butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Dip four slices of the Challah into the egg mixture until soaked through. Immediately place each slice onto the hot skillet. Fry until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side, and set aside. Repeat with the remaining 4 slices of bread.nCut each piece of French toast in half diagonally and plate four halves per serving. Top with Apple Cranberry Compote, a scoop of Pecan Compound Butter and a light drizzle of the Maple Syrup Reduction. Dust with powdered sugar and enjoynAdd the cranberries, orange juice, sugar, orange zest and apples to a large skillet and cook over medium heat for about 10 minutes, or until the apples are cooked as desired.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the pecans on a cookie sheet and bake for about 10 minutes, or until they become aromatic and heated through. Salt immediately while still hot. Allow the pecans cool completely.nOnce the pecans are completely cool, chop them up into small pieces and add to the butter, until incorporated. Set aside until ready to serve, or refrigerate.nPlace the maple syrup in a small saucepan and heat over low heat until reduced by onehalf. Use sparingly to top off French toast., ingredients: [3 eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Zest of one orange, 1 tablespoon clarified butter, 8 slices Challah bread, cut into 1inchthick slices, Apple Cranberry Compote, recipe follows, Pecan Compound Butter, recipe follows, Maple Syrup Reduction, recipe follows, 14 cup powdered sugar, for garnish, 1 cup fresh or frozen cranberries, 12 cup freshsqueezed orange juice, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, Zest of one orange, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cut into a 12inch dice, 12 cup pecans, Kosher salt, 2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup maple syrup], title: The Southfield Store Holiday French Toast, picturelink: K4s0HNn5NcQuZrg6jnjHt3dPCc.rLJ.}, 20484: {instructions: Special equipment: an 18by13inch sheet pannPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Peel and core the apples, then cut into 14inchthick slices. Place apple slices on an 18by13inch sheet pan and toss with the lemon juice, 14 cup of the brown sugar, 2 tablespoons of melted butter, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, and 18 teaspoon salt.nSpread the apples evenly on the pan, cover with foil and bake until the apples have softened and released some liquid, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the oats, flour, remaining 1 14 cups brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, and 1 teaspoon salt together in a large bowl, breaking up any lumps with a fork. Add the remaining melted butter to the oat mixture, stirring with a fork until it is moistened and crumbly.nCarefully uncover the sheet pan and scatter the oat crumble evenly over the top. Bake uncovered until the top is crisp and golden brown and juices are bubbly, about 15 minutes. Serve with ice cream., ingredients: [7 medium baking apples, such as Gala or Fuji about 3 pounds, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Kosher salt, 2 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Crumble Lovers SheetPan Apple Crumble, picturelink: lQxWvMavhX4F3hZ0NyllOekta.kBk3i}, 20485: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometernSeason the chicken on both sides with the salt, pepper and garlic powder. In a large bowl big enough to accommodate all of the chicken, whisk together the hot sauce, buttermilk and eggs. Add the chicken and toss to combine.nCover and marinate, refrigerated, at least 2 hours and up to 4.nIn a large Dutch oven, heat a couple inches of peanut oil to 350 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nDredge the chicken in the flour, taking care to evenly coat each piece. Transfer in batches to the hot oil, cover and let cook 5 minutes. Remove the cover and turn the chicken. Let cook, uncovered, an additional 5 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a baking sheet. When all of the pieces are fried, bake the chicken an additional 10 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 fryer chicken, cut into 10 pieces, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 cup hot sauce, 12 cup buttermilk, 3 large eggs, Peanut oil, for frying, 2 12 cups selfrising flour], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: xTuoNIUA2O2wu.O9vMwPmrHf83ylQe}, 20486: {instructions: Cut a 4inch square of cheesecloth. Place cloves and peppercorns in the center, and form a bundle secure with kitchen twine. Place bundle in a low sided, 6quart saucepan. Add vinegar, red onion, crushed redpepper flakes, salt and sugar. Set over medium high heat, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low, and simmer mixture 15 minutes.nAdd ginger, lime zest, lime juice, and mangos combine. Continue cooking until mangos begin to soften and liquid has thickened, about 40 minutes. Remove pan from heat.nTransfer chutney immediately to jars. Alternatively, transfer to a large bowl set over an ice bath to chill store in an airtight container, refrigerated, up to 4 weeks., ingredients: [15 whole cloves, 15 whole pink peppercorns, 23 cup white vinegar, 2 cups finely diced red onion 1 large onion, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 12 teaspoons coarse salt, 2 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 3 tablespoons freshly grated lime zest, plus 23 cup fresh lime juice about 4 limes, 7 mangos 7 12 pounds peeled, pitted, and cut into 12inch chunks], title: Spicy Mango Chutney, picturelink: null}, 20487: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPour the cream into a saucepan and add the vanilla beans, including the pods. Over mediumlow heat slowly bring to a boil, then remove from heat, cover pan and set aside for at least 15 minutes to allow the flavors to infuse. In a large bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and gradually add 12 cup of the sugar, whipping until you see a change in color. After 15 minutes remove the vanilla pods from the cream mixture. Then slowly incorporate the cream mixture into the egg yolk mixture a little at a time, whisking constantly as you go. Lightly grease 6 to 8 4 or 6ounce ramekins and fill them each 34 full with the mixture. Prepare a bain marie by adding 2 quarts hot water to a roasting pan and immersing the ramekins so that the water level is halfway up the side of the ramekins. Be careful to avoid splashing any water into the ramekins. Bake in the oven for 40 to 45 minutes, allow to cool and then refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving. You can do this way in advance if you wish.nJust before serving remove from the refrigerator and allow to warm up a little. Then divide the remaining 12 cup of sugar among the ramekins sprinkling some on the surface of each cup of custard. Using a blow torch, melt the sugar to form a crispy sugar crust on the top of each. This custard could be served with fruits of the season., ingredients: [1 quart heavy cream, 2 Tahitian or Madagascan vanilla beans, split and seeds scraped, 1 cup sugar 12 cup and 12 cup measured separately, 6 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Tahitian Vanilla Creme Brulee, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 20488: {instructions: You will essentially be preparing this recipe in three stages: pork, chile and posole. These are then combined into the final posole.nFor the pork: Place the pork shoulder in a pot and cover with water. Add the salt, bay leaf and onion. Bring to a boil, and then cook over medium heat until tender and falling off the bone, about 1 12 hrs.nRemove the meat from the broth and let cool reserve the broth for later. Pull the meat from the bones and cut into bitesize pieces.nFor the chile: Put the chile pods in about 2 cups of the hot broth enough to allow the pods to puree easily in a blender and let soak until soft, about 20 minutes.nPut the broth, pods and garlic in a blender and blend until smooth. Do not fill the blender more than halfway with liquid. Add salt to taste and set aside.nFor the posole: Drain and rinse the posole. Put the posole in a cooking pot and cover with water use about 2 parts water to 1 part posole. Add the onion and salt. Bring to a boil, and then lower the heat and simmer until the posole has started to bloom, 1 to 1 12 hours. The posole will swell and start to resemble popcorn, but will still be chewy. At this point, add the pork, chile and any remaining broth into the posole and let it finish cooking. The key to a successful posole is watching for it to finish blooming. Posole is fully cooked when it has opened completely, and is tender when chewed. Taste and adjust seasonings.nServe in a bowl and place the garnishes on the table so that each person fixes their own., ingredients: [2 to 3 pounds pork shoulder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 bay leaf, 1 onion, chopped fine, 2 to 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 10 to 12 Casa Chimayo red chile pods see Cooks Note, rinsed, stems and seeds removed, 4 cloves fresh, peeled garlic, Salt, 1 pound posole, dried and soaked overnight, or frozen and defrosted see Cooks Note, 1 onion, quartered, 1 teaspoon salt, Optional garnishes: sliced limes, chopped fresh cilantro, finely chopped onion, oregano, cubed avocado, or grated cheese], title: Casa Chimayo Red Posole, picturelink: null}, 20489: {instructions: For the broth: In a lidded pot, combine the clams with 14 cup water, 14 cup wine, and 1 tablespoon onion. Turn heat to medium high, cover and cook 6 minutes, or until all the clams have opened. Remove clams from shells, rinse and set aside. Strain broth through a finemesh strainer lined with cheesecloth and set aside.nIn a large pot, combine the shrimp shells and heads with the clam broth, remaining onion, garlic cloves, remaining wine, bouquet garni and the soup fish or heads, tails and bones. Cover with water2 to 4 quarts. Bring to boil, reduce heat to low and simmer 2 hours. Strain through a finemesh strainer lined with cheesecloth. Measure out 7 cups freeze extra.nFor the rice: Pound together the 2 whole garlic cloves, cayenne, saffron, paprika and salt in a mortar and pestle. Scrape into a 2cup measuring cup and blend with 1 cup of fish broth. Set aside.nHeat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet or paella pan over medium heat and add the crushed garlic and chile peppers. When they turn light brown, remove them from the pan and discard. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until the grains are coated with oil, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the diluted garlic and cayenne mixture, then add 5 cups fish stock, bring to a boil, reduce the heat and cook without stirring, uncovered, for 30 minutes, or until there is no longer liquid in the pan. Remove from the heat, cover and let sit for 15 minutes.nFor the fish: While the rice is cooking, cook the fish and shrimp. Heat olive oil in large nonstick frying pan and add the minced onion. Cook until it begins to soften and add the garlic, tomato, and parsley. Cook, stirring, until the mixture is soft and fragrant, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add the fish fillets and steaks, turn to coat all sides, then add 1 cup of fish broth and bring to a simmer. Cook 5 to 8 minutes, or until the fish is cooked through. Remove the fish from the pan and set on a serving platter with the clams. Cover with foil to keep warm. Add the shrimp to the broth, cook 2 to 3 minutes, until pink and opaque, and remove from the pan. Pour the mixture in the pan over the fish and shellfish.nServe the rice first and then the fish, or serve together, with garlic mayonnaise if you wish., ingredients: [12 littleneck clams, scrubbed and purged, 2 to 4 quarts plus 14 cup water, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 pound medium shrimp, shelled, shells and heads retained, 2 large garlic cloves, chopped, 1 bouquet garni: 6 sprigs each thyme and parsley, 2 bay leaves, and a fennel branch, 2 pounds fish heads, tails and bones, or cut up whole fish or fillets such as porgy, butterfish, sea bass, or snapper do not use salmon, Salt, to taste, 4 garlic cloves, 2 peeled, 2 peeled and crushed, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Pinch of saffron threads, crumbled, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, plus additional to taste, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 dried chile peppers, 3 cups mediumgrain Spanish rice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, minced, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 34 pound ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely minced parsley, 2 pounds mixed fish steaks or fillets, 1 cup garlic mayonnaise for serving, optional], title: Arroz a Banda, picturelink: null}, 20490: {instructions: To make the aioli: Beat the yolk with the vinegar and mustard in a bowl. Whisk in the oil, drop by drop, to make a thick mayonnaise. Squeeze the garlic out of the roasted cloves into the mayonnaise and whisk smooth. Season the aioli with salt, pepper, and lemon juice, to taste.nTo prepare the artichokes: Trim the artichokes, rubbing with lemon as you go, until you are down to the core with a bit of stem attached. Halve. While youre trimming, bring a pot of water to the boil. Squeeze the juice of a lemon into it and salt it. Drop in the artichokes and cook until tender, about 10 minutes, depending on the size. Drain, and pat dry. Heat the olive oil in a skillet and brown the artichokes on all sides. Transfer to paper towel to drain. Serve with the aioli., ingredients: [1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 cup grapeseed oil, 1 head garlic, roasted, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 baby artichokes poivrade variety, which are the tiny ones, 1 to 2 lemons, Kosher salt, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Artichokes with Roasted Garlic Aioli, picturelink: null}, 20491: {instructions: Make the dough by hand: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, and salt. Using your fingers, work the butter into the dry ingredients until it resembles yellow cornmeal mixed with beansized bits of butter. If the flourbutter mixture gets warm, refrigerate it for 10 minutes before proceeding. Add the egg and stir the dough together with a fork or by hand in the bowl. If the dough is dry, sprinkle up to a tablespoon more of cold water over the mixture.nAlternatively, make the dough in a food processor. With the machine fitted with the metal blade, pulse the flour, sugar, and salt until combined. Add the butter and pulse until it resembles yellow cornmeal mixed with beansized bits of butter, about 10 times. Add the egg and pulse 1 to 2 times dont let the dough form into a ball in the machine. If the dough is very dry add up to a tablespoon more of cold water. Remove the bowl from the machine, remove the blade, and bring the dough together by hand.nForm the dough into a disk, wrap with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until thoroughly chilled, at least 1 hour.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the dough with a rolling pin into a 12inch circle about 18inch thick. Transfer the dough to a 9inch pie pan and trim the edges, leaving about an extra inch hanging over the edge. Tuck the overhanging dough underneath itself to form a thick edge that is even with the rim. Flute the edge as desired. Freeze the pie shell for 30 minutes.nSet separate racks in the center and lower third of oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Put a piece of parchment paper or foil over the pie shell and fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake on a baking sheet on the center rack until the dough is set, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and lift sides of the parchment paper to remove the beans. Continue baking until the pie shell is lightly golden brown, about 10 more minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nWhile the crust is baking make the filling: In medium saucepan, combine the butter, brown sugar, corn syrup, and salt. Bring to a boil over medium heat, and stirring constantly, continue to boil for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and stir in the nuts, bourbon, and the vanilla. Set the mixture aside to cool slightly, about 5 minutes. If the crust has cooled, return it to the oven for 5 minutes to warm through. Whisk the beaten eggs into the filling until smooth. Put the pie shell on a sheet pan and pour the filling into the hot crust.nBake on the lower oven rack until the edges are set but the center is still slightly loose, about 40 to 45 minutes. If the edges get very dark, cover them with aluminum foil half way during baking. Cool on a rack. Serve slightly warm or room temperature., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 12 cup cold butter 1 stick, diced, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Flour, for rolling the dough, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 34 cup light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups chopped toasted pecans, 1 to 2 tablespoons bourbon, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 eggs, lightly beaten], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: TfV0T0gBrVnUpuDZautoFxm9z6TbFVu}, 20492: {instructions: Toast nuts in a small pan then cool.nBeat whipping cream and sugar until it forms soft peaks. Crush half of the meringues in a large food storage bag with the hazelnuts and then divide evenly among 4 small dessert cups. Place hazelnut chocolate spread in a medium bowl. Warm the spread in the microwave until loosened and smooth, test after 40 seconds on high. Stir and repeat, if necessary, until loose.nDivide berries evenly among dessert cups. Fold a small amount of whipped cream into hazelnut chocolate spread mixture until well combined. Fold in the remaining whipped cream. Divide the completed mixture among the cups and top each dessert cup with whole remaining meringues, 3 per cup., ingredients: [12 cup chopped hazelnuts, toasted, 2 cups whipping cream, 2 round tablespoons sugar, 24 store bought prepared meringue cookies, available in plastic tubs at your market, 12 cup hazelnut chocolate spread recommended: Nutella, 12 pint raspberries], title: Individual Italian Meringue Trifle, picturelink: 9rIDgSMmqnlkqMtokWoLq65Shxst6i}, 20493: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 to 10 wooden skewers for Grilled SausagenPreheat a grill to mediumhigh. Brush the corn with 1 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with the cumin, and salt and pepper to taste. Grill until golden and toasted on all sides, 5 to 8 minutes, turning as needed.nCombine the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, the sweet piquante peppers, onion, gherkins, parsley, jalapeno and sugar in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Slice the corn kernels off the cobs and toss with the relish. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Serve with Grilled Sausage.nPhotograph by Rick LewnSoak 8 to 10 wooden skewers in water for about 20 minutes.nPreheat a grill to medium and brush with the oil. Thread the sausage onto the skewers, leaving space between each piece. Grill until slightly crisp, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nMix the ketchup, mustard and hot sauce in a bowl. Serve with the sausage for dipping., ingredients: [2 ears corn, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup chopped sweet piquante peppers, 12 small red onion, chopped, 14 cup finely chopped sweet gherkins, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 red jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 12 teaspoon sugar, Serving suggestion: Grilled Sausage, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 pounds goodquality kielbasa or other smoked sausage, cut into bitesize pieces, 34 cup ketchup, 34 cup spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon hot sauce], title: Tangy Corn Relish, picturelink: YIm19UUwzM9pO0dAR98sX8bEm8pCS6.}, 20494: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nShave the zucchini into long wide ribbons using a vegetable peeler or mandoline, turning the squash, if necessary, to ease shaving. Discard the seedy core. Put the zucchini into a colander set inside a bowl, sprinkle with salt, toss and drain for 30 minutes. Discard the liquid.nWhisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, mustard, and pepper in a serving bowl. Add the zucchini, onion, frisee, and radishes. Toss to combine. Sprinkle with almonds, basil, and Manchego cheese and serve. Can be stored, covered, in refrigerator for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 pounds zucchini, trimmed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup frisee torn into pieces, 13 cup thinly sliced radishes, 13 cup chopped, toasted almonds, 13 cup chiffonade fresh basil leaves, 1ounce Manchego cheese, shaved], title: Zucchini Ribbon Salad, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 20495: {instructions: Coat a 5quart slow cooker with cooking spray. In a large bowl, stir together the sweet potatoes, pecans, butter and orange juice concentrate until combined. In a small bowl, stir together the brown sugar, pumpkin pie spice and cayenne pepper. Sprinkle over the sweet potato mixture and stir until combined. Spoon into the slow cooker.nCover and cook on low for 2 to 3 hours.nSprinkle the marshmallows over the top of the sweet potatoes in the slow cooker. Cover and cook on low for 15 more minutes, or until the marshmallows are melted.nPhotograph by Hallie Burton, ingredients: [Canola oil cooking spray, 2 29ounce cans cut sweet potatoes, drained, 12 cup pecans, finely chopped, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed, 13 cup packed brown sugar, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 cups miniature marshmallows], title: Spicy Candied Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 20496: {instructions: In a pot combine leeks, onions, fennel, shallots, bay leaf, coriander seeds, white pepper and fish bones. Add just enough water to cover. Bring to a boil and let simmer for 45 minutes. Strain through a fine chinois.nIn a casserole sweat celery, leeks and whole garlic in 2 ounces virgin olive oil and 2 ounces butter until both are softened but still have some texture, about 6 or 7 minutes. Add beans,thyme and salt and pepper to taste.nSeason sea bass fillets with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan, heat oil and add fillets. Sear on both sides and finish in oven, if necessary. Garnish with confit tomato and young celery leaves, ingredients: [12 cup leeks, 12 cup onions, 12 cup fennel, 12 cup shallots, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon coriander seed, 1 tablespoon whole white pepper, 2 pounds fish bones, 1 cup celery, cut on bias, 1 cup leeks, cleaned and sliced, 4 cloves garlic, 4 ounces virgin olive oil, 4 ounces butter, 1 cup cooked white beans, 6 branches fresh thyme, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons oil, 4 fillet sea bass], title: Sea Bass in Celery Leek Broth with Provencal Vegetable Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 20497: {instructions: Spread mayonnaise on white bread. Sandwich with pickle slices and aged cheddar. Trim the crusts and cut into pieces, then press the edges in chopped parsley., ingredients: [], title: CheddarPickle Tea Sandwich, picturelink: c8pZQ1U02FNjcpB6v9qCSR5uiHAjJhm}, 20498: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl combine the corn muffin mix, creamed corn, egg and 14 cup mozzarella cheese. Mix until well combined. Heat 14 cup of oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, spoon a heaping tablespoons of the batter into the hot oil. Cook until crisp and golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes per side.nIn a medium bowl combine 2 tablespoons of the pesto, with 12 cup shredded cheese, season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put a tablespoon of the pesto and cheese onto each of the corn fritters and top each with a tomato half. Transfer to a platter and serve., ingredients: [18 12ounce box corn muffin mix recommended: Jiffy, 1 8ounce can creamed corn, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons pesto, 34 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 cup halved grape tomatoes], title: Crispy Corn Fritters with Tomato Salad, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 20499: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the potatoes on a baking sheet and roast until easily pierced with the tip of a sharp knife, about 1 hour. Let cool slightly. Do not turn the oven off.nHalve the potatoes lengthwise. Using a small spoon, gently scoop the potato flesh into a bowl, leaving about 12 inch on the skins. Set the skins aside. Reserve the potato flesh for another use.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and jalapenos and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the beef and continue to cook, stirring often, until the beef is cooked through.nStir in the tomato paste, cumin, chili powder, garlic powder, salt and pepper to combine and cook 1 minute more. Add the heavy cream and cook, stirring, until incorporated and heated through, about 1 minute.nSpoon the beef mixture into the hollowedout potato skins. Put the potato skins on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Sprinkle with the Cheddar and bake until the cheese is melted, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a platter and top with the green onions, tomatoes, avocados, cilantro and sour cream if using., ingredients: [8 small russet potatoes about 4 pounds, washed and dried, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 2 small jalapenos, seeded and finely chopped, 2 pounds lean ground beef, 13 cup tomato paste from a 6ounce can, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 3 green onions scallions, finely chopped, 3 tomatoes, chopped, 2 avocados, chopped, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish, Sour cream, for serving, optional], title: TacoStuffed Potato Skins, picturelink: pAEpV2jEYGc4E.jMZFxfdr8o7qgADcS}, 20500: {instructions: Heat the water and vinegar until simmering in a large highsided frying pan. Break each egg into a cup and gently add to the water. Poach the eggs for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the yolk is nearly or almost set. Remove the eggs from the pan with a slotted spoon to drain the liquid and place on a plate. Season the top with salt and pepper.nFor the tasso ham and tomatoes: Heat the oil in a cast iron griddle or in a large cast iron pan until it begins to shimmer. Cook the ham for about 1 minute per side or until lightly golden brown. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels. Cook the tomatoes for about 20 seconds per side until lightly golden brown and just warmed through.nServe the poached eggs with toasted English muffins, ham and tomatoes and Cajun hollandaise.nHollandaise:nStir together the paprika, chile powder, garlic powder, onion powder, thyme, oregano, chile de arbol, and cayenne pepper in a small bowl.nPlace the egg yolks and lemon juice in a medium stainless steel bowl, set over a pot of simmering water not touching the bottom of the bowl. Whisk the yolks until pale yellow and fluffy. Slowly add the clarified melted butter, a few tablespoons at a time and whisk until thickened. Season the sauce with 2 teaspoons of the spice mixture, salt, and pepper, and a dash Worcestershire sauce. Keep warm until ready to use., ingredients: [3 cups water, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 4 eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, to coat, 8 ounces tasso ham, sliced into 14inch thick slices, 4 plum or heirloom tomatoes, sliced in half crosswise, 4 English muffins, split and toasted, Cajun hollandaise, to top, recipe follows, Cajun Hollandaise, 2 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 2 teaspoons New Mexican chile powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon chile de arbol, 18 teaspoon cayenne powder, 3 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, clarified and melted, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Dash Worcestershire sauce], title: Poached Eggs, Tasso Ham, Griddle Tomato and Cajun Hollandaise with English Muffins, picturelink: null}, 20501: {instructions: Peel a 2inchlong strip of zest from the lemon tie into a bundle with the parsley and thyme sprigs and bay leaf using kitchen twine. Put in a saucepan with the garlic, potatoes, 2 tablespoons salt and 8 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook about 10 minutes. Add the carrots and cook until the potatoes are tender and the carrots are crisptender, about 5 more minutes. Reserve 14 cup of the cooking water, then drain the vegetables and discard the herb bundle. Let cool. Meanwhile, finely grate 2 teaspoons lemon zest and squeeze 3 tablespoons juice into a large bowl. Whisk in the yogurt, mayonnaise, mustard, scallion whites, chopped parsley, reserved cooking water, 1 teaspoon salt and 34 teaspoon pepper. Add the potatoes, carrots, celery and cucumber to the dressing and toss. Chill about 4 hours. Top with the scallion greens.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [1 lemon, 5 or 6 sprigs fresh parsley, plus 2 tablespoons chopped leaves, 2 or 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 pounds small redskinned potatoes, cut into 14inchthick rounds, Kosher salt, 4 medium carrots, cut into 14inchthick rounds, 34 cup fatfree plain yogurt, 14 cup lowfat mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon wholegrain or dijon mustard, 3 scallions, minced, whites and greens separated, Freshly ground pepper, 2 stalks celery, cut into 14inchthick slices, 1 small Kirby cucumber, cut into 14inchthick rounds], title: Garden Potato Salad, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 20502: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 round 8inch baking pans for 1 large cake or 6 small baking pans for 3 smaller cakesnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir to blend. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the butter until smooth and add the sugar. Continue whipping until the mixture becomes fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Note: this process can be done with a whisk by hand. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, taking care that each egg is thoroughly integrated. Add the flour mixture and combine. Add the lemon zest and lemon juice and whisk to blend.nGrease the 2 pans with butter and fill each with half of the batter. Place the pans in the center of the oven. Bake until the center is firm or when the tip of a small knife emerges clean when it pierces the center of each cake, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool thoroughly, 1 hour at least. Once completely cool, using a serrated knife, slice each cake in half horizontally to form 4 equal layers. Place the layers on a flat surface. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine the chocolate and sugar. In a medium pot over low heat, combine the heavy cream and vanilla and bring to a simmer. Pour over the chocolate and stir until all of the chocolate has melted. Gently whisk in the butter pieces. Set aside to cool.nWhen the frosting is cool, whip the frosting in the bowl of a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Whip to lighten the frosting, 1 to 2 minutes. Frost each layer of the cake, stacking them neatly and uniformly on top of each other. Then frost the entire outside of the cake as well.nIn a medium skillet, heat the sugar until it melts and turns a caramel color. Stir in the butter. Pour the caramel directly over the top of the cake, allowing it to drip down the sides to create a caramel shell. Allow the caramel topping to cool and harden on top of the cake., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 sticks lightly salted butter, room temperature, plus additional for greasing the pans, 2 cups granulated sugar, 6 eggs, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 14 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 sticks lightly salted butter, cut into thin slices, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon lightly salted butter], title: Express Dobosch Torte, picturelink: espRVtjFmPkSGZn3HK2Pd41E3i8pW}, 20503: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Place the garlic cloves and the oil in a saucepan and heat gently 1 or 2 minutes to flavor the oil. Be careful not to burn the garlic or it will turn acrid and bitter. Discard the garlic.nCut the bread into 12inchthick slices, brush with the garlic oil and toast in the oven 10 to 12 minutes or until gold, turning the slices halfway through the cooking time. Set the bread aside, uncovered, so that it will remain crisp while you prepare the vegetables.nSlice the vegetables lengthwise in 12inchthick slices. Brush them with the remaining oil and grill or broil on both sides until lightly charred but still firm. Some vegetables will need to come off the grill sooner than others.nCool the vegetables for several minutes before roughly chopping and tossing them in a bowl with the herbs, vinegar and salt and pepper. Serve on the garlic crostini with some cracked black pepper and the shaved Parmesan cheese. Sliced very thin with a vegetable slicer or paring knife., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, peeled, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large loaf countrystyle or sourdough bread, 1 medium zucchini, 1 beefsteak tomato, 1 medium eggplant, 3 tablespoons chopped mixed fresh herbs such as basil and thyme, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, Cracked black pepper to taste, 14 cup shaved Parmesan cheese], title: Mixed Grilled Vegetable Crostini, picturelink: null}, 20504: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium. Put the pork chops and bell peppers in a shallow dish season with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil, the shallots and 1 teaspoon thyme in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the shallots are softened, 3 minutes. Whisk in the jam until dissolved. Remove from the heat. Whisk in the ketchup, soy sauce and a few ice cubes stir until the ice melts and the glaze cools. Pour half of the mixture over the pork and peppers let sit 5 minutes. Reserve the remaining glaze for brushing.nGrill the pork, brushing with some of the reserved glaze, until cooked through, about 8 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate, tent with foil and let rest 5 minutes. Meanwhile, grill the peppers, turning and brushing with more glaze, until blistered and tender, 10 minutes transfer to the plate.nPeel, pit and slice the avocados gently toss with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the lime juice, chives and the remaining 1 teaspoon thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with the pork and peppers.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [4 bonein pork rib or loin chops 1 inch thick, 10 to 12 ounces each, 16 assorted baby bell peppers about 1 pound, stemmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 cup peach jam or guava jelly, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 avocados, Juice of 2 limes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives or scallion greens], title: PeachGlazed Pork Chops with Peppers, picturelink: null}, 20505: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a saute pan, over medium heat, with olive oil. Add the onion, season with salt, to taste, and toss in the crushed red pepper. Saute the onions until they are soft and very aromatic, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 2 to 3 more minutes. Stir in the chorizo and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the bread crumbs. Let the mixture cool. When cool, add the Manchego and parsley. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if needed.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nStuff the peppers with the filling and arrange them on a sheet pan. If there is extra stuffing, press a little on top of each of the peppers. Put the peppers in the oven to warm through, about 8 minutes.nWhile the peppers are in the oven, combine the arugula, almonds and scallions in a large bowl. Dress the salad with sherry vinegar, big fat finishing oil and salt, to taste. Check for seasoning and divide the salad between 4 serving plates.nRemove the peppers from the oven and arrange 2 peppers on each salad. Serve while the peppers are warm., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 12 small onion, finely diced, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 garlic clove, smashed and finely chopped, 14 pound chorizo, casing removed and finely chopped, 12 cup bread crumbs, 12 cup grated aged Manchego, 12 bunch Italian parsley, leaves finely chopped, 1 10ounce jar piquillo peppers, drained and patted dry, 2 cups washed baby arugula, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 2 scallions, white and green, cut very thin on the bias, Sherry vinegar, Big fat finishing extravirgin olive oil high quality], title: Stuffed Piquillo Peppers with Chorizo and Manchego, picturelink: ibgefmJkt4n03oYhPYtzvNXaB0wHiy}, 20506: {instructions: Make the tart shells: In a medium bowl, combine the cream cheese, butter, and flour until it just comes together. There should still be streaks of cream cheese. Remove the dough from the bowl, pat into a disc, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Roll out the dough into 18inch thickness and cut into 6 3inch circles. Refrigerate on a parchmentlined sheet pan for 15 minutes.nMake the filling: Dice 2 of the plums and toss together with 2 tablespoons of the granulated sugar, the cinnamon, and creme fraiche.nAssemble the tarts: Brush the dough lightly with the beaten egg and spoon a generous tablespoon of the filling in the center of each circle. Lift up the edges of the tart and pinch 3 points of the tart about halfway to the filling to form the sides of the crust. Refrigerate for 30 minutes. Brush the edges of the crust with egg and sprinkle lightly with the remaining 1 tablespoon granulated sugar. Pinch the dough again to make sure it is tightly sealed and freeze for 10 minutes. Remove the tarts from the freezer and immediately bake at 350 degrees for 20 to 25 minutes, or until golden brown. Let cool slightly and dust with confectioners sugar.nMake the compote: Dice the remaining 2 plums and toss with simple syrup, lemon juice, and rosemary. Warm over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes, until the plums are tender.nMake the Maple Mascarpone Cream: Whip the Mascarpone and heavy cream together until medium stiff peaks form. Add the maple syrup and whisk together until smooth.nPlate the tarts: Place 1 spoonful of plum compote in the center of each plate. Place a tart in the center of each plate and spoon some of the Maple Mascarpone Cream around the tart., ingredients: [12 cup cream cheese, cold, cut in chunks, 12 cup butter, cold, cut into chunks, 12 cup flour, 4 elephant heart plums, skins removed and pitted, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup creme fraiche, 1 egg, beaten, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 14 cup simple syrup equal parts warm water and sugar heated until the sugar is dissolved, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons rosemary leaves, 1 12 cup Mascarpone cream, 12 cup heavy cream, 13 cup maple syrup], title: ThreePoint Elephant Heart Plum Tarts with Rosemary Plum Compote and Maple Mascarpone Cream, picturelink: null}, 20507: {instructions: For the infused vodka: Heat a small skillet over medium heat. Throw in the cardamom and toast until slightly golden and fragrant, about 30 seconds. Remove from the heat. Add the cardamom to the vodka along with the orange zest and vanilla bean. Stir to combine, then cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight.nFor the basil caviar: Combine 1 cup water and the raw sugar in a small pot over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. When it starts to simmer, remove the pot from the heat and stir in the basil. Pour the mixture into a blender and puree until smooth be careful when blending hot liquids. Strain into a bowl and add the sodium alginate. Whisk for 1 minute, until thick. Whisk the bottled water and calcium lactate in a bowl. Suck the basil syrup into a syringe and squeeze small balls into the calcium bath. Let them soak for no more than 1 minute. Scoop out the basil caviar using a slotted spoon and rinse in a bowl of fresh water.nFor the mojitos: For each drink, muddle slices from 1 orange, 3 to 4 basil leaves and 1 tablespoon maple syrup in a glass. Throw in some ice cubes, 1 shot infused vodka, 12 cup orange juice and 14 cup sparkling water and top with 1 tablespoon basil caviar.nPhoto reprinted with permission from Nadia G.s Bitchin Kitchen: Cookin For Trouble by Nadia G., copyright c 2011. Published by Ballantine Books., ingredients: [3 cardamom pods, Pitcher of European vodka, Zest of 1 blood orange, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 12 cup raw sugar, 1 cup fresh Thai basil leaves, 2 grams sodium alginate, 2 cups demineralized bottled water, 3 grams calcium lactate, 4 blood oranges, sliced, 12 fresh Thai basil leaves, 4 tablespoons pure maple syrup, Ice, 2 cups fresh blood orange juice, 1 cup sparkling water], title: Cardamom Blood Orange Mojitos with Sweet Basil Caviar, picturelink: null}, 20508: {instructions: 1. Mix sugar and water in medium saucepan. Bring to boil on mediumhigh heat. Add cranberries, cinnamon and orange peel return to boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow simmer 10 minutes or until cranberries burst and sauce begins to thicken, stirring occasionally.n2. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla. Cool to room temperature. Cover.n3. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nCranberry sauce can be prepared up to 1 week ahead. Store in refrigerator. Stir before serving., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 package 12 ounces fresh cranberries, rinsed and drained, 12 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Cinnamon, Ground, 12 teaspoon grated orange peel optional, 12 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Pure Vanilla Extract], title: HomeStyle Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: 5OX7JnXkeKOdVRLiEnECr9YYRT6Aiei}, 20509: {instructions: In a saucepan over medium heat, combine the peaches, sugar and ginger. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring every couple minutes. Pour in the bourbon, lemon juice and zest. Simmer until thickened, about 20 minutes. Stir every couple minutes to prevent scorching. Stir in the salt. Store refrigerated for up to 1 month., ingredients: [32 ounces peeled and chopped peaches, frozen or fresh, 12 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons minced ginger, 13 cup bourbon, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 tablespoon lemon zest, 12 tablespoon salt], title: Bourbon, Peach and Ginger Jam, picturelink: iKIDLGJzHzQjw4NIbbEBzQrQqzmgUdu}, 20510: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a large sheet pan with parchment paper.nOn a work surface carefully brush a sheet of phyllo with melted butter and sprinkle it with 1 to 2 tablespoons sugar. Cut 6 strips from top to bottom 3 inches wide.nPlace a cube of cream cheese, a piece of dried plum, some chopped walnuts, and a piece of candied orange peel at the end of each strip. Fold them into triangles by folding the dough over itself as if folding a flag. Place them on the sheet pan. Brush the tops of the triangles with butter and a final sprinkling with sugar.nBake for 10 to 12 minutes, until the phyllo is golden brown. Let cool and serve within 6 hours sprinkled with powdered sugar., ingredients: [2 sheets thawed phyllo dough, 4 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 ounces cream cheese, cut into cubes, 6 dried plums, halved, 2 tablespoons chopped walnuts, 12 pieces candied orange peel, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Dried Plum and Walnut Phyllo Triangles, picturelink: null}, 20511: {instructions: In a heavy skillet cook onion and mushrooms in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until golden. Add spinach and garlic and cook, stirring, until spinach is wilted, about 30 seconds. Stir in water, beans, lemon juice, scallions, pepper Jack, salt, to taste, and cook stirring, until cheese is melted.nIn a small saucepan, heat enchilada sauce.nHeat a dry skillet large enough to hold 1 tortilla over moderately high heat until hot. In skillet heat tortillas, 1 at a time, turning frequently, 30 seconds, or until softened, and transfer to a work surface. Divide filling between tortillas and roll up burritos.nSpoon sauce over burritos and serve with sour cream., ingredients: [1 onion, finely chopped, 12 pound mushrooms, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 bunch spinach about 1 pound, coarse stems discarded, washed well and spun dry, 2 garlic cloves, 14 cup water, 1 cup canned black beans, rinsed well and drained, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 34 cup coarsely grated pepper Jack cheese about 5 ounces, Salt, 12 cup canned mild enchilada sauce, 2 10inch or 4 8inch flour tortillas, Accompaniment: Sour cream], title: Black Bean, Spinach, and Mushroom Burritos, picturelink: null}, 20512: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 6ounce ramekinsnPlace a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter 4 6ounce ramekins and sprinkle with Parmesan to lightly coat, tapping out excess. Put prepared ramekins on a baking sheet and refrigerate.nTo make the souffle base: Put the milk, thyme, and bay leaf in a microwavesafe measuring cup and microwave on HIGH until steaming, about 2 minutes. Or, bring the milk and herbs just to a simmer in a small saucepan on the stove, and then pull from the heat.nMelt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour, and stir constantly with a wooden spoon until the mixture roux lightens and foams, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the warm milk, bring to a boil, and cook, whisking constantly, until the souffle base thickens slightly, about 1 minute. Remove the herbs. Transfer the base to a large bowl and whisk to cool. Add the egg yolks, the Parmesan cheese, 12 teaspoon of the salt, cayenne, and nutmeg.nSlowly whisk the egg whites in a very clean bowl with lemon juice, and pinch of salt with a handheld mixer until foamy. Increase the speed to high and whip until the whites hold a soft peak. Quickly, but gently fold 14 of the whites into the base with a rubber spatula. Fold in the remaining whites just until streaky, then scatter the grated cheese on top and fold everything together, taking care not to overmix. Divide the batter among the prepared ramekins, and bake until golden, puffed, and just set in the center, about 30 minutes. Using an oven mitt or towel, transfer the ramekins to individual plates and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups milk, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 large egg yolks, room temperature, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, plus for ramekins, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus a pinch, Pinch cayenne pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 4 large egg whites, room temperature, A few drops freshly squeezed lemon juice, or vinegar, or a pinch cream of tartar, 34 cup lightly packed coarsely grated fullflavored cheese like Gouda, Gruyere, or Fontina about 2 ounces], title: Little Cheese Souffles, picturelink: null}, 20513: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a baking sheet and dust it with sweet rice flour.nWhisk the sweet rice flour, sorghum flour, almond flour, teff flour and potato flour together to aerate and incorporate them. Mix in the oats, flaxseed, baking soda and salt. Toss in the currants.nMake a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in 2 cups of the buttermilk. Mix the buttermilk into the flour mixture, gradually adding more buttermilk as necessary, until the dough is moist and soft but not wet, with no visible flour left. You will probably use about 3 cups, but feel free to use less or more, depending on your kitchen.nTurn the dough out onto the prepared baking sheet. With lightly floured hands, shape the dough into a round about 3 inches thick. Cut a deep cross into the top of the loaf with a wet, serrated knife. Beat the egg with the water in a cup. Brush the egg wash evenly onto the loaf.nBake until the crust is dark brown and you hear a hollow thump on the bottom when you tap it, 45 to 60 minutes. Transfer the bread to a rack. Serve warm or cool completely., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the baking sheet, 12 cup 100 grams sweet rice flour, plus more for dusting, 34 cup 150 grams sorghum flour, 23 cup 150 grams almond flour, 13 cup 50 grams teff flour, 14 cup 50 grams potato flour, 1 cup 80 grams rolled oats, 2 tablespoons 10 grams flaxseed meal, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup currants, 2 to 4 cups buttermilk, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon water], title: GlutenFree Irish Soda Bread, picturelink: xrMixgaTzetihw8HZy65NZ.aoxt3mi}, 20514: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nRemove the meat from the refrigerator and bring to room temperature, about 20 minutes.nHeat the oil in a large casserole. Working in batches, brown the stew meat well on all sides, removing as you go. When the meat is done, cook the carrots and onions in the same pot until tender and lightly golden. Add the garlic, and cook one minute. Add the flour and cook, stirring for 2 minutes. Pour over the wine and the stock. Add the bouquet garni. Return the meat to the pot, cover, and transfer to the oven until the meat is very tender, about 2 hours.nWhile the meat cooks, prepare the garnish: Heat the oil, in a pan and brown the bacon, and remove. Add the onions and cook until browned all over, remove. Finally, brown the mushrooms, and remove. Deglaze the pan with 12 cup water, reduce, and then pour over the garnish. Set aside.nWhen the meat is done, remove it from the pot. Strain the stock, discarding the vegetables. Pour the liquid back into the pot, and boil until thick enough to coat a spoon. Return the meat to the pan and add the garnish. Cover, and simmer until the onions are tender and the flavors have blended, 10 minutes. Adjust the seasonings. Serve., ingredients: [4 pounds boneless stew beef, such as chuck or sirloin tip, cut into large chunks, 2 tablespoons pork fat or olive oil, plus more if needed, 2 carrots, peeled and halved, 2 onions, peeled and halved, 4 cloves garlic, just crushed, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 750ml bottle red wine, 4 cups beef stock, 1 bouquet garni made from bay leaf, parsley stems, and thyme sprigs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more if needed, 6 to 8 slices bacon, cut into lardons, 40 baby onions, peeled, 16 ounces mushrooms], title: Beef Bourguignon, picturelink: null}, 20515: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPut water on to boil for your pasta.nMix meat and next 10 ingredients as if you were making meatloaf. Flatten meat out on a waxed paper lined cookie sheet into a thin layer: 12inch thick, 12 inches long by 6 to 8 inches wide. Cover meat with arugula or spinach, prosciutto and cheese then roll the meat, using the waxed paper to help roll up into a large log, working across the 6 to 8inch side, resulting in a 12inch long log. Drizzle the log with extravirgin olive oil to coat lightly.nRoast meatroll 20 minutes. Cut into 1inch slices, 3 pieces per portion, and serve. Make pasta while meat is in the oven.nSalt water and cook off pasta, about 7 to 8 minutes to al dente, with a bite to it. Drain and return pasta to hot pot.nWhile pasta cooks, place broccolini in 1inch of water in a sauce pot and bring up to a boil. Add salt to the water and add the trimmed broccolini. Cover and cook 5 minutes, drain and reserve.nTo hot, cooked pasta add a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, butter, ricotta, lemon zest, thyme, broccolini and season with salt and pepper. Toss pasta to coat it in the cheese and butter. Season it with salt, to your taste. Portion pasta onto dinner plates alongside meat roll slices and top pasta with tomatoes and freshly ground pepper., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, pork and veal mix from the butchers counter meatloaf mix, Salt and pepper, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, 1 egg, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 small white onion, grated, 2 tablespoons golden or dark raisins, chopped, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, chopped, 3 tablespoons grated cheese, Parmigiano or Romano, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 cup arugula leaves or baby spinach, 6 slices prosciutto di Parma, 6 slices deli sliced provolone, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 12 pound cavatappi corkscrew shaped hollow pasta or rigatoni, 1 pound broccolini, trimmed into florets, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 grape or small vine tomatoes, halved], title: Sicilian Stick to Your Ribs Meal: Meatloaf Brasciole Roll Ups, Pasta, Broccolini and Ricotta, picturelink: null}, 20516: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the sweet potatoes on a baking sheet and pierce each one 2 or 3 times with a fork. Bake for 45 to 60 minutes or until tender. Set aside to cool.nTurn the oven down to 350 degrees F. Scoop the sweet potato out of their skins and into a medium bowl. Discard the skins. Mash the potatoes until smooth. Add the eggs, butter, brown sugar, salt, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and pepper to taste. Whisk the mixture until smooth.nButter an 8 by 8inch casserole. Pour the sweet potato mixture into the pan and sprinkle the top with the pecans. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes until a bit puffy. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 pounds sweet potatoes about 3 large, scrubbed, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten with a fork, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted plus more for the preparing the pan, 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup coarsely chopped pecans], title: Sweet Potato Casserole, picturelink: DIVj0akkaQRjyQ.9EEGZ1mPLOFhWlX2}, 20517: {instructions: Spread the rounds with mayonnaise. On half the slices place a very thin slice of raw onion, just the size of the round, and salt it well. Place another slice of brioche on top roll the edges first in mayonnaise and then in finely chopped parsley., ingredients: [Several slices brioche 14inch thick and cut in rounds, Slices raw onion, Salt, Mayonnaise, Parsley], title: Brioche en Surprise, picturelink: null}, 20518: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace a large pot or a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken pieces with salt and pepper. When the pot is hot, add the butter and olive oil. Place the chicken pieces into the pot, skin side down so that they fit snugly yet have room to color. Turn them after 2 minutes then cook for a further 2 minutes on the bottom. Remove the chicken to a plate. Add the bacon and cook until golden. Reduce the heat to medium, add the sliced onion, carrot and celery and cook for 2 minutes.nBlanch pearl onions in a 6 to 8quart pot of boiling water 1 minute, then drain in a colander. When onions are cool enough to handle, peel. Set aside.nNext deglaze the bottom of the pot with 2 tablespoons of brandy. Stir all the ingredients well, lifting the browned bits off the bottom of the pot. While stirring, add the flour and cook for 1 minute. This will create a roux and hold in all the flavors that have been created.nPlace the sprigs of thyme the pearl onions and the mushrooms into the pot and give them a stir, then return the chicken to the pot. Add the chicken stock and simmer for 5 minutes.nAdd the red wine and the bay leaves cover the pot and place into the preheated oven for 1 hour and 30 minutes, until the chicken is cooked through and quite tender.nServe straight from the pot with Parsnip and Turnip Mash, if desired., ingredients: [1 large chicken, about 3 to 4 pounds, cut 10 pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 5 ounces bacon, sliced into 14inch pieces, 1 large onion, halved and sliced, 1 large carrot, peeled and roughly chopped into bite size pieces, 2 ribs celery, roughly chopped into bite size pieces, 12 pearl onions, 2 tablespoons brandy, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 small mushrooms, cleaned, large ones cut in 12, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 bottle red wine, 3 bay leaves], title: Coq Au Vin, picturelink: cMVabOS64AGPfIoi96NlU5262qTPgtC}, 20519: {instructions: To a shaker full of ice, add all ingredients. Shake well and pour into chilled martini glasses., ingredients: [1 part white cranberry juice, 1 part berry vodka, 12 part raspberry liqueur recommended: Chambord, 12 part Limoncello], title: Pink Elephant Cocktail, picturelink: YOkU7fjEMelWMBmZtxVtq3uoWlwNkzC}, 20520: {instructions: Begin by macerating the fruit. Add half of the apples, grapefruit, lemon, blood orange and pears to a large pitcher and squeeze the lemon juice on top. Muddle the fruit using a wooden spoon. Add the remaining half of the fruits. Pour over the red wine, grappa, orange liqueur and stir. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 2 hours, or overnight if time allows. Add the orange juice and simple syrup, and then top off with the chilled club soda before serving., ingredients: [1 green apple, cored and diced, 1 ruby grapefruit, thinly sliced, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 1 blood or regular orange, thinly sliced, 1 Bosc pear, cored and diced, Juice of 2 lemons, Three 750ml bottles mediumbodied red wine, such as malbec, rioja or sangiovese, 1 cup grappa, 12 cup orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup simple syrup, 4 cups chilled club soda], title: Sangria with Winter Citrus, picturelink: t0J8imp815wFlZBr51Y848HeTNSLPW}, 20521: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pan over a medium heat. Add the black peppercorns, black and green cardamom pods, cloves, cinnamon, and mace, and fry for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the spices are sizzling and fragrant.nAdd the chopped onion, and fry for 8 to 10 minutes, stirring regularly, or until golden brown. Add the lamb pieces, and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring continually, until the lamb pieces are golden brown all over.nMeanwhile, in a food processor, blend the garlic cloves, and ginger, with 1 tablespoon of water to a fine paste. Add the garlic and ginger paste to the lamb mixture, stir well to combine, and then reduce the heat, and continue to cook for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring frequently.nStir in the ground coriander, cumin, red chile powder, fennel seeds, garam masala, tomato pulp, yogurt, and salt, to taste. Cover the pan with a lid, and then reduce the heat to low, and simmer for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the sauce has almost completely dried out.nAdd 2 to 3 tablespoons of boiling water to the sauce, stir well and simmer for a further 7 to 8 minutes, stirring continually and adding splashes of water as necessary, until the volume of liquid has reduced and the sauce has thickened.nAdd enough boiling water to almost cover the lamb, and bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the lamb is cooked through.nStir in the chopped fresh cilantro just before serving., ingredients: [5 tablespoons vegetable oil, 7 black peppercorns, left whole, 3 black cardamom pods, left whole, 5 green cardamom pods, left whole, 4 whole cloves, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 piece mace, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 1 12pound leg of lamb or mutton, bone intact, cut into pieces, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, left whole, 1 34inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and cut in half, Water, as needed, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon red chile powder, 2 teaspoons ground fennel seeds, 1 12 teaspoons garam masala, 2 tomatoes, blended to a pulp in a food processor, 3 tablespoons plain yogurt, Kosher salt, Boiling water, as needed, Handful chopped fresh cilantro, leaves and stems], title: Kashmiri Rogan Josh, picturelink: null}, 20522: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a 10inch castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until browned and crisp, 4 to 7 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate with a slotted spoon, reserving the drippings in the skillet. Add the potatoes to the skillet and season with 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until browned and tender, 8 to 12 minutes. Add the onion, season with salt and continue cooking until the onion is lightly browned and the potatoes are cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd the squash and bacon to the skillet reduce the heat to low or move the skillet to a cooler part of the campfire. Use the back of a spoon to make 4 shallow wells in the potato mixture carefully crack 1 egg into each well. Scatter the tomatoes around the eggs, cover the skillet and cook until the egg whites are set but the yolks are still runny, 6 to 12 minutes.nSeason the eggs with salt and pepper sprinkle with parsley before serving.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 slices thickcut bacon, chopped, 1 14 pounds small potatoes, cut into 12inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground peper, 1 sweet onion, chopped, 8 ounces small summer squash, cut into 12inch pieces, 4 large eggs, 1 cup assorted cherry tomatoes, halved, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping], title: Squash and Bacon Hash with Eggs, picturelink: 82KowQEhXamNQSKChUqGxF3tTUCwGFa}, 20523: {instructions: In a large pot, add potatoes and water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook until fork tender. Drain and cool. Peel cooked potatoes and cut into small chunks. Put in a very large serving bowl or container. Peel and finely chop hard boiled eggs and add to bowl. Add mayonnaise, green onions, celery, mustard, white pepper and salt. Mix until just combined. Cover and chill in the refrigerator for 3 hours before serving., ingredients: [4 pounds Idaho potatoes, 4 jumbo eggs, hard boiled, 2 12 cups mayonnaise, 4 green onions, finely chopped, 3 stalks celery, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 20524: {instructions: In a 3quart saucepan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots, salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 3 minutes. Place the cooked shallots, corn and chicken stock in a blender. Blend until smooth.nPour the corn mixture back into the saucepan. Bring the mixture to a simmer over medium heat. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the tomatoes and basil.nLadle the soup into bowls and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 14 cups 1 pound frozen corn, thawed, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 medium tomatoes, seeded and chopped into 12inch pieces, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped], title: Corn and Tomato Soup, picturelink: Z1nZVEe0M.G7azFA6G9bl9hpCyaD06O}, 20525: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 3quart baking dish. Melt the butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onion, celery, sage and thyme season with 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the broth and bring to a boil, then remove from the heat.nWhisk the eggs and parsley in a large bowl. Add the bread and the vegetablebroth mixture and stir until combined. Transfer to the prepared baking dish. Drizzle with the turkey drippings or dot with butter sprinkle with the paprika.nCover the dish with foil and bake 30 minutes, then uncover and bake until golden, 25 to 30 more minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 1 onion, finely chopped, 5 stalks celery, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups lowsodium chicken or turkey broth, 2 large eggs, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 16 cups 12 inch stale country white bread cubes about 1 34 pounds, 2 tablespoons fat from the turkey drippings or butter, 12 teaspoon paprika], title: Classic Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 20526: {instructions: Peel and pit the avocado. Slice lengthwise. Remove the peel and pith from the grapefruit, and cut it into segments. Arrange in an alternating band on two salad plates.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the grapefruit juice and the champagne vinegar. In a slow stream, whisk in the olive oil and season with the pink peppercorns and salt. Drizzle the vinaigrette over the avocado and grapefruit slices. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 ripe avocado, 1 mediumsize pink grapefruit, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, 1 tablespoon champagne vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground pink peppercorns, Salt to taste], title: Avocado and Grapefruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 20527: {instructions: In a large pot with salt, boil pasta for 12 to 15 minutes until cooked. Stir often. Drain and cool. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nIn a large pot with a dash of salt, add eggs on medium high heat. Bring to a boil. Cover and remove from heat. Let eggs sit for 6 to 7 minutes. Remove eggs and shock in ice water. Once thoroughly cooled, peel eggs and roughly dice.nPlace pasta in a large bowl. Add onions, celery, eggs, relish, mayonnaise, salt and pepper, hot sauce and Worcestershire. Mix until well combined., ingredients: [2 pounds elbow noodles, 12 hard boiled eggs, peeled and diced, 12 onion, finely diced, 4 celery stalks, finely diced, 14 cup pickle relish, 3 cups heavy mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon coarsely cracked black pepper, Dash hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Mega Egga Macaroni Salad, picturelink: null}, 20528: {instructions: Soak 12 pieces of pasta from package in shallow pan for 5 to 10 minutes. Pour off water. Meanwhile, brown the sweet italian sausage in a large nostick skillet over moderate heat, breaking it up with a spoon as it cooks meat should be cooked. Move sausage to one side of skillet, tip skillet and soak up any fat with a paper towel, Stir spaghetti sauce and tomato sauce into sausage. Beat egg in a mediumsize bowl. Sitr in ricotta, basil and oregano. Spreead 34 cup meat sauce in 13 by 9inch baking dish. Place 3 pieces uncooked pasta over sauce..not touching sides of dish, not overlapping each other. Spread 23 cup ricotta mixture evenly over pasta. Spread 34 cup meat sauce evenly over ricotta, covering pasta completely. Sprinkle with 1 cup mozzarella. See baking directions below.nTex Mex StylenSoak 12 pieces of pasta from package in a shallow pan for 5 to 10 minutes. Pour off water.nMeanwhile, brown the beef in the skillet over moderate heat, breaking it up with a spoon as it cooks Meat should be cooked. Move meat to one side of skillet, tip skillet and soak up any fat that drains out with a paper towel. Stir enchilada sauce, salsa and corn into skillet. Spread 34 cup check in 13 by 9 inch baking dish. Place 3 pieces uncooked pasta over sauce.....not touching sides of dish nor overlapping each other. Repeat the layering with cheese and sauce two more times. Top with remaining 3 pasta pieces. Spread remaining meat suace completely over pasta. Sprinkle with remaining cheese. Cover dish with foil. Heat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit. Bake 30 minutes. Remove foil. Bake 10 to 15 minutes longer until hot and bubbly. Let stand 5 minutes before cutting. Makes 10 to 12 servings of lasagne. To store and bake later: prepare recipe as directed. Do not bake. Cover with plastic wrap, then foil. Refrigerate up to 48 hours, or freeze up to 2 months. Remove plastic wrap replace foil. Bake refrigerated lasagne at 350 degrees Farhenheit about 40 minutes and frozen lasagne about 1 hour 30 minutes, removing foil during last 10 minutes of baking, ingredients: [2 packages 8 ounce each ovenready lasagne pasta no boiling required, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage pork or turkey, removed from skin, 1 pound lean ground beef or turkey, 3 cups about 28 ounce jar spaghetti sauce, 1 cup 8 ounce can tomato sauce, 1 egg, 1 container 15 ounce ricotta cheese, 12 teaspoon dried basil leaves, 12 teaspoon dried oregano leaves, 4 cups 16 ounce shredded mozzarella cheese, 3 cups enchilada sauce, 1 cup salsa, 3 cups frozen corn kernels, 4 cups 16 ounce shredded Jack cheese], title: Two Lasagnas, picturelink: null}, 20529: {instructions: In the bottom of a mixing bowl whisk together the vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, pepper and Dijon mustard. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil and whisk until emulsified. Add the garlic, capers, leftover juices and season with salt and pepper.nSet meat in a nonreactive serving dish and scatter the onions over the top. Pour dressing over the top and marinate at room temperature for an hour or longer. Garnish with parsley and tomato slices. Serve with a potato salad or cole slaw., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard., 14 cup olive oil, Little bit of minced garlic, 1 tablespoon rinsed capers, chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Any leftover juices, degreased, from braised beef, 1 or 1 12 cups cubed leftover pot roast, 14 cup thinly sliced red onion, 2 tablespoons minced parsley, Tomato slices, Potato salad made with leftover boiled potatoes or cole slaw], title: Refrigerator Day Pot Roast Salad, picturelink: null}, 20530: {instructions: Trim fennel stalks flush with bulbs and discard stalks. Quarter bulbs lengthwise and cut out most of cores, leaving enough to keep pieces intact. Cut quarters lengthwise into thin slices.nToast mustard seeds in a dry small heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring constantly, until mustard seeds begin to pop and turn 1 shade darker, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate to cool.nWhisk together vinegar, Dijon mustard, and salt and pepper, to taste, then add oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Stir in shallot and mustard seeds.nToss together fennel, romaine, frisee, endives, and parsley in a large bowl. Serve with dressing on side.nFennel may be trimmed and sliced 1 day ahead and chilled in a sealable plastic bag lined with dampened paper towels.nDressing may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring to room temperature and season before serving., ingredients: [1 large fennel bulbs sometimes called anise, 2 tablespoons mustard seeds, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 13 cup olive oil, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 1 large head romaine 2 pounds, torn into bitesize pieces, 1 large head frisee 1 pound, torn into bitesize pieces, 3 Belgian endives, cut crosswise into 12inchwide slices, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Winter Salad with Toasted Mustard Seed Vinaigrette, picturelink: AUf4lP6LA15SvQNb7aWqjJKUaNhdfsW}, 20531: {instructions: For the lemon and cranberry shortbread dough: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch pan with aluminum foil with a 2inch overhang on all four sides and grease the bottom and sides with butter.nIn a small bowl, combine the flour and baking powder. Set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter with the sugar and vanilla on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the dry ingredients and mix on mediumlow until incorporated. Mix in the cranberries and lemon zest.nPress the mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake until slightly brown, about 25 minutes.nFor the filling: While the shortbread is baking, whisk together the sugar, eggs, lemon juice, flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Pour the filling over the baked crust and continue baking until the filling sets and is slightly brown on the edges, about 20 minutesnLet cool completely in the pan. Use the foil edges to help lift the bar out of the baking pan. Cut into 24 squares and dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks salted butter, softened, plus more for greasing pan, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 23 cup fresh cranberries, coarsely chopped, Zest of 1 lemon, 2 12 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 13 cup lemon juice about 3 lemons, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Lemon Shortbread Cookies, picturelink: null}, 20532: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line a 9by13inch baking dish with parchment paper, leaving an overhang on two sides. Press the paper into the corners of the pan and lightly grease the paper with butter.nMelt the 2 sticks of butter in a nonstick saucepan over mediumlow heat do not boil. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Add the sugar, eggs and vanilla to the saucepan and stir with a wooden spoon until combined.nAdd the cocoa, flour, cinnamon, chili powder, salt and baking powder and mix until smooth. Spread the batter in the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out fudgy, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool in the pan on a rack, then use the parchment paper to lift out the brownies before slicing.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 23 cup goodquality unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground Mexican cinnamon canela, 14 teaspoon pequen chili powder or cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder], title: Aaron Sanchezs Mexican Brownies, picturelink: 48MaUKZkGWK17inmi4zZpr1to8Jcebe}, 20533: {instructions: In a saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil, and then sweat the garlic, and green chili over medium heat. Add the red, orange, and yellow peppers, and saute for 1 minute.nAdd the red onion, and lemon zest to the pan, and continue cooking until the peppers are slightly tender.nRemove the pan from the heat, season with salt, to taste, and add the lemon juice. Drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 green chile, seeded and sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and julienned, 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and julienned, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and julienned, 14 red onion, sliced, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt], title: Sauteed Peppers, picturelink: null}, 20534: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the noodles.nIn a large Dutch oven, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter over medium heat and add the pancetta. Cook, stirring, until crisp, 12 to 14 minutes. Remove the pancetta to a papertowellined plate to drain. Reserve.nStrain the fat from the pancetta into a bowl and wipe the pot clean. Add back in 2 tablespoons of the pancetta fat and melt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter in the pot. Reserve the remaining pancetta fat for another use or discard.nAdd the onions, cabbage, carrots and thyme. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and half the pepper. Stir to coat the vegetables with the butter. Cover and cook until the cabbage is wilted and almost tender, about 10 minutes. Uncover and simmer until the cabbage is very tender, about 10 more minutes.nWhile the cabbage cooks, add the noodles to the boiling water and cook according to the package directions.nIncrease the heat to high and cook, stirring, until the cabbage and onions are golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Add in the garlic and capers and cook for 1 minute. Add the peas, deglaze the pan with the white wine and add the lemon juice. Add in threequarters of the pancetta, combine well and remove from heat.nDrain the noodles and add to the pot with the cabbage. Toss well to coat the noodles with the cabbage and onion mixture. Sprinkle with the parsley, remaining pancetta and remaining pepper. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by Hallie Burton, ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, 12 pound thinly sliced pancetta, diced, 2 large onions, sliced 14inch thick, 1 medium head green cabbage, cored and sliced 12inch thick, 1 cup carrots, cut in 14inch julienne, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces wide egg noodles, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons capers, rinsed and drained, 1 cup green peas, preferably fresh, shelled, but can substitute frozen, 14 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Holy Haluski, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 20535: {instructions: Special equipment: Waffle iron preferably Belgian stylenPreheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F to keep cooked waffles warm. Whisk together the flour, sugar, walnuts, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the banana, oil, sour cream, vanilla and eggs in another bowl. Fold the banana mixture into the flour mixture until just combined its ok if there are lumps.nLightly brush the top and bottom of the waffle iron with oil. Fill each section about threequarters of the way full there should still be some waffle iron showing. Close and cook until the waffles are golden brown, 4 to 6 minutes. Keep the waffles warm in the oven or covered with foil on a plate while you cook the remaining batter.nSpread with butter and dust with confectioners sugar if youd like., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup smashed banana 2 to 3 small bananas, 12 cup vegetable oil, plus more for brushing waffle iron, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, Soft unsalted butter and confectioners sugar, for dusting, optional], title: Waffled Banana Bread, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 20536: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBeat egg yolks with sugar and vanilla in a warm bowl. Add lemon zest. Stiffly beat egg whites. Fold into egg yolk mixture. Fold in flour. Spread mixture onto an 8 by 10inch baking sheet. Bake for 25 minutes. When cool, cut into 3 even rounds to fit mold. Soak with creme de cacao and rum.nPlace sugar, egg yolks, water, and marsala into double boiler. Add almond extract and whisk for 5 minutes on low heat until thick and smooth. Remove from heat and cool. Fold in whipped cream.nIn the bottom of a greased mold, place marrons, then add 13 of zabaglione mixture, then a layer of cake. Repeat: zabaglione, then cake, 2 more times. Cover with plastic film and freeze for 24 hours.nTo serve, dip mold into hot water and invert onto dish., ingredients: [5 egg yolks, 1 38 cups superfine sugar, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 5 egg whites, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 14 cups flour, sifted, 12 cup creme de cacao, 12 cup rum, 6 egg yolks, 4 tablespoons superfine sugar, 4 teaspoons water, 1 cup marsala, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 1 12 cups heavy cream, whipped, 4 marrons glace], title: Creme Chatelaine, picturelink: null}, 20537: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a Dutch oven or medium pot heat the olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and brown and crumble. Add the garlic, carrots, celery and onions, and cook to soften, 10 minutes. Stir in the wine and let it absorb, then add the stock, tomatoes, cinnamon, clove and nutmeg. Bring the sauce to a bubble. Season with salt, and then stir in the basil. Simmer gently for about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Cool the sauce and store for a makeahead meal.nReheat over medium heat and stir in the milk, cooking until well incorporated.nHeat a large pot of salted water to boil, and then cook the pappardelle to al dente. Reserve a cup of the starchy cooking water just before draining the pasta.nReturn the pasta to the drained pot and toss with half of the sauce and some starchy water. Serve the pasta in shallow bowls topped with extra sauce and some grated PecorinoRomano., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound hot Italian sausage, casing removed, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 small carrot, finely chopped, 1 rib celery with leafy tops, finely chopped, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 cup chicken stock, One 32ounce can Italian crushed tomatoes, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch ground clove, A few grates whole nutmeg, Salt, A few leaves fresh basil, torn, 1 cup milk, 1 pound pappardelle pasta or other widecut flat pasta, PecorinoRomano, for grating], title: Spicy Sausage Bolognese with Pappardelle, picturelink: Ye5NgGjjg6zlMKuXO4Lp6lRiM12VxaO}, 20538: {instructions: Pat steak dry and season with salt and pepper. Place on hot oiled grill and grill about 4 minutes on each side for medium rare., ingredients: [1 pound 34inch thick bone less beef loin strip, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil], title: Grilled Strip Steak, picturelink: null}, 20539: {instructions: Bring 2 inches water in a deep skillet to a boil for broccoli rabe and 1 large pot of water to a boil for pasta. Salt the water liberally.nSimmer the broccoli rabe in water 10 to 12 minutes, then drain. Return the skillet to medium heat with 14 cup extravirgin olive oil. Add garlic and red pepper to the oil and gently cook a couple of minutes, add broccoli rabe and cook 5 minutes more.nWhile the broccoli rabe cooks, drop the rigatoni into the boiling water and cook until al dente. Just before draining reserve 1 cup starchy liquid.nCombine the ricotta, Parmesan, salami and black pepper, to taste, in a pasta bowl. Add the starchy liquid and stir. Add the broccoli rabe and pasta and toss 2 minutes to coat and combine., ingredients: [Salt, 2 bunches broccoli rabe, trimmed and coarsely chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 4 cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 pound rigatoni with lines, cooked to al dente, 1 12 cups ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus some to pass at table, 13 pound salami, chopped Genoa, sopressata, hot or sweet, or a mix, Black pepper], title: Broccoli Rabe and Salami Pasta, picturelink: 4QDqOp1lHh5z8eW9QuexAfltkXVuxn2}, 20540: {instructions: Place oil in a deep stainless steel pot and heat to 350 degrees F. Place chips in the hot oil and fry until crisp, about 3 minutes. Remove and place on paper towels to absorb excess oil. Sprinkle with salt while still warm.nIn a stainless steel bowl mix all ingredients together until well incorporated and season with salt and pepper. Cover and place in refrigerator for 2 hours to marinate.nTo serve, lay plantain chips individually on a platter and top with 1 scallop. Garnish each 1 with a cilantro leaf., ingredients: [1 green plantain peeled and sliced crosswise into very thin slices, 2 cups canola oil, Salt, 14 pound fresh bay scallops, 2 limes, zested, juiced, 1 garlic clove, chopped fine, 1 habanero pepper, diced fine for less heat use a milder pepper like poblano or jalapeno, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped cilantro, plus leaves for garnish, 1 tablespoon chopped red onion, 12 teaspoon ground pimento seed or allspice berries, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper], title: Plantain Chips with Spicy Scallops, picturelink: null}, 20541: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a deep skillet over mediumhigh to high heat  make sure to choose a pan with a tight fitting lid. Add the chorizo and render some of its fat, 1 to 2 minutes then add the chicken and brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the onions, garlic, red pepper flakes, bay, thyme and shrimp, season with salt and black pepper, and cook 3 to 4 minutes more. Add the stock and stir in the turmeric and saffron. Bring the stock to a boil, about 1 minute, then stir in the couscous, peas, lemon zest and piquillo peppers. Cover and turn off the heat. Let stand for 5 minutes then fluff with a fork. Remove the bay and thyme stems before serving. Top each serving of paella with some chopped parsley, hot sauce and juice from the lemon wedges., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 times around the pan, 12 pound precooked chorizo, casings removed and cut into bitesize dice, 34 pound chicken breast cutlets or tenderloins, diced into bitesize pieces, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped or grated, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 fresh or dried bay leaf, 4 to 5 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, Salt and black pepper, 2 12 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon turmeric eyeball it in your palm, 1 envelope saffron powder or a pinch of threads, 2 cups couscous, 1 cup frozen green peas, 1 lemon, zested and cut into wedges, 2 piquillo peppers or 1 roasted red pepper, chopped, A generous handful of flatleaf parsley, chopped, Hot sauce, to pass at table], title: Paella in Quince, picturelink: null}, 20542: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spray 8x8inch baking dish with cooking spray set aside. Combine ravioli, drained tomatoes, onion and taco seasoning mix in large bowl place mixture in baking dish.nCover with foil bake 35 to 40 minutes or until mixture is hot and bubbly. Remove foil sprinkle with cheese. Bake uncovered 5 minutes or until cheese melts. Place corn chips around edge of dish and lettuce in center just before serving., ingredients: [PAMu00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 2 cans 15 oz each Chef Boyardeeu00ae Mini Ravioliu00ae Beef Ravioli, 1 can 15 oz each Huntsu00ae Diced Tomatoes, drained, 12 cup frozen chopped onion, 112 tablespoons 30 less sodium taco seasoning mix from 1.25 oz pkg, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 1 cup original corn chips, 34 cup shredded lettuce], title: Chef Boyardeeu00ae Mini Ravioli Taco Bake, picturelink: 4Ga74k55k4b7pu2NPzEJ37sTDOsWS0y}, 20543: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat bring water and sugar to a boil. Add orange peel and cook for 1 minute or until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and let stand until mixture is room temperature. Remove orange peel and refrigerate until ready to use.nSlice the pound cake into 12inch slices and fit 1 layer of the slices into an 8 by 8inch baking dish. Using a pastry brush generously brush the reserved orange sugar syrup on the cake. Squirt a 1 inch layer of whipped cream over the cake. Layer half the sliced strawberries over. Repeat with another layer of cake, orange sugar syrup, whipped cream and strawberries. Top with 3 reserved strawberries. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, Peel of 1 orange, all white pith removed, 1 pound cake, 1 can whipped cream, 2 pints fresh strawberries, washed, hulled, sliced 5 reserved whole for garnish], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 20544: {instructions: Make the Burgers: Mix all the ingredients together with your hands, except the oil, in a bowl.nDivide the meat mixture into 10 equalsized patties.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, cook the burgers, turning once, until lightly browned and cooked through, about 7 minutes per side. An instantread thermometer inserted in the center of the thickest burger should read at least 165 degrees F.nDivide the burgers among plates2 to a plate. Dollop each serving with mayonnaise and stack lettuce, tomato, onion, and pickle on top.nMix all ingredients together in a small bowl. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 12 pounds ground turkey, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 12 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 1 tablespoon Quick and Easy SugarFree Ketchup, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 10 tablespoons mayonnaise, 10 red leaf lettuce leaves, 10 tomato slices, 10 onion slices, 10 pickle spears, 8 ounces nosugaradded tomato sauce, 6 ounces nosugaradded tomato paste, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 14 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda], title: KnifeandFork Chili Turkey Burgers, picturelink: null}, 20545: {instructions: Special equipment: Stockpot Roaster Basting Brush Thermometer Electric Knife Carving Board Garlic Press Spice Grinder Measuring Spoons Measuring Cups Mixing BowlnBrine: A day before serving, heat 3 quarts of water, salt and sugar in a stockpot, stirring to dissolve the sugar and salt. Remove from heat, add remaining water and stir. Cool to room temperature. Lower turkey into brine. Cover and refrigerate 12 hours or overnight.nRub: Mix all ingredients in a bowl. Pulse mixture in a spice grinder in a few batches until finely ground. Seal in an airtight container and store in a cool, dry place for up to 2 months.nHeat oven to 325 degrees F. Drain and pat turkey very dry inside and out. Place onion, garlic and bay leaves inside the cavity. Set bird breastside up on a roasting rack in a roasting pan. Brush with butter and spread 12 cup Prairie Rub over entire bird. Tent bird with aluminum foil.nRoast turkey for 2 hours. Remove foil. Increase oven temperature to 425 degrees F and continue to roast until an instantread thermometer registers 170 degrees F in the thigh of the bird, about 30 minutes more. Remove turkey from the oven and set aside to rest 20 minutes. Before carving, remove and discard onion, garlic, herbs and bay leaves., ingredients: [2 gallons water, 1 12 cups kosher salt, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 10 to 12pound turkey, excess fat trimmed and giblets removed, 1 medium onion, quartered, 1 head garlic, halved, 2 bay leaves, 6 tablespoons butter, melted, 3 tablespoons firmly packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons dried Italian seasoning, 2 tablespoons Englishstyle dry mustard, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon minced dried orange peel, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: PrairieRubbed Spiced Brined Roast Turkey, picturelink: null}, 20546: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to the boil and cook the pappardelle according to the package directions.nWhile the pasta is cooking, put a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the pancetta until it starts to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, then add the cream. When the cream is hot, add the Parmesan and stir.nDrain the pasta and add it to the skillet. Stir well and season with some pepper. I find it does not usually need salt because of the salty pancetta and Parmesan. Serve immediately. I like to serve it with an arugula salad., ingredients: [One 16ounce package pappardelle nests or 1 recipe for Cracked Black Pepper Pasta, One 6ounce piece pancetta, cut into cubes, 6 ounces fresh chestnut or cremini mushrooms, cleaned and finely sliced, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy Pancetta Pasta with Mushrooms and Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 20547: {instructions: Place half of the lime wedges and onethird of the pineapple chunks in a medium bowl. Mix 12 cup of the pineapple juice with 34 cup water and pour over the limes and pineapple chunks. Freeze until firm, about 4 hours.nMake a simple syrup by mixing the sugar with 34 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Cool before using.nMix the wine, the remaining pineapple juice, the tequila, lime juice, simple syrup, orange juice and triple sec in a punch bowl. Remove the pineapplelime iceberg from the bowl and float in the punch. Add the remaining lime wedges and pineapple chunks. Pour in the club soda just before serving. Serve over ice in glasses.nMake ahead tip: This can be made the day before. Just add the limes, pineapple and the club soda right before serving.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [4 limes, cut into 12 wedges each, 1 pineapple, peeled, quartered, cored and cut into 1 12inch chunks, One 46ounce can pineapple juice, 34 cup sugar, Two 750ml bottles dry white wine, 2 cups tequila, 1 cup fresh lime juice about 10 limes, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup triple sec, 1 liter club soda], title: Sangrita with a PineappleLime Iceberg, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 20548: {instructions: Place all fruit in a glass pitcher. Add 2 cups ice, lemon juice, orange and lemon rind, all the white wine and allow to sit in the refrigerator until just before serving.nAt the last minute, add sugar, to taste and soda, if desired., ingredients: [2 750 ml bottles inexpensive white wine nothing too sweet, 2 bananas, peeled, sliced in 2inch slices, 1 orange, rind reserved, cut in segments, 6 peaches, peeled, sliced in 6 wedges each, 1 red apple, center removed, chopped medium dice, 6 plums, sliced in 6 wedges each, 2 lemons, reserve rind, juiced, 1 cup red grapes, 2 cups ice, Sugar, 8 ounces seltzer or lemonlime soda, optional], title: Clerico: Summer White Sangria, picturelink: null}, 20549: {instructions: Place the vodka and juices in a plastic container, cover with a lid and shake until combined.nFill each glass half full with ice and pour in the drink mixture. Place a frozen lime wedge in each glass and serve., ingredients: [16 ounces vodka, 30 ounces cranberry juice, 12 ounces grapefruit juice, Ice cubes, Lime wedges, frozen], title: Sea Breeze Cocktail, picturelink: 6JPu0S.sxoL9VyKewBToLUNkqOqAPLm}, 20550: {instructions: Make Guys Flatbread optional.nMake the rub: Mix all of the ingredients in a small bowl with 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon black pepper.nPrepare the wraps: Whisk the mayonnaise and 1 tablespoon of the rub in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Toss the chicken with 3 tablespoons rub. Oil the grill grill the chicken until marked, about 6 minutes. Turn and grill until cooked through, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board.nWipe the grill clean and brush with more oil. Lay the bread on the grill, then brush with the spiced mayonnaise and top with mozzarella. Grill until the bottom is marked, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board.nCube the chicken and arrange down the center of each piece of bread. Top with the tomatoes, onions and lettuce. Roll up and wrap with parchment paper or foil to seal.nMix the flour and salt in a medium bowl. Using a wooden spoon, slowly stir in 2 cups warm water until a dough forms. Lightly flour a clean board, then turn the dough out onto it and knead until smooth, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a clean bowl and cover with a damp kitchen towel let rest 20 minutes.nPreheat a griddle over mediumhigh heat. Divide the dough into 8 balls. Using a rolling pin, roll out the balls on a floured board into rough 7by8inch rectangles, about inch thick. Working in batches, cook the dough on the hot griddle until marked on the bottom, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and grill until marked on the other side. Stack the flatbreads and cover with a kitchen towel up to 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons paprika, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 4 pieces flatbread use storebought or make Guys flatbread, recipe follows, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 4 plum tomatoes, sliced, 1 Maui onion, thinly sliced, 1 small red onion, sliced, 8 romaine lettuce leaves, 4 cups wholewheat flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Creole Chicken Wraps, picturelink: OHNjng6xwXxjX.L8ELs2NPNZfYbLMC}, 20551: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLine 1 baking sheet with parchment paper and place 1 sheet of puff pastry on it.nCut the sheet of pastry into 9 equal squares, each about 3 by 3inches.nBrush each square with the egg and place 1 piece of sausage in the middle of each pastry square. Fold the corners of the pastry inward to come together in the middle. Pinch the corners together in the center. Cover with plastic wrap and chill until ready to bake.nWhen ready to bake remove the plastic wrap from the trays and brush the pastry with the remaining eggwash. Bake until the pastry is golden brown, about 10 to 12 minutes.nMeanwhile in a small mixing bowl mix the mustards together with the honey until well combined. Serve the sausage bites hot from the oven with a bowl of Hot Sweet Mustard on the side., ingredients: [1 package frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 egg, well beaten, 3 chicken apple sausages, cooked and cut into thirds, 1 cup spicy Dijon mustard, 1 cup spicy wholegrain mustard, 12 cup honey], title: ChickenApple Sausage Bites with Hot Sweet Mustard, picturelink: null}, 20552: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until foam subsides, then toast almonds, stirring often, until a few shades darker, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a cutting board to cool do not clean skillet.nWhile almonds are cooking, pat chicken breasts dry, then cut a 2inchlong horizontal slit in thickest part of each. Stuff each chicken breast with 1 12 teaspoons olives, then season with salt and pepper.nIncrease heat to moderately high, then add chicken breasts, skin sides down, to butter remaining in skillet and sprinkle with remaining olives. Saute chicken breasts until skins are golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Turn chicken breasts over and cook, covered, over moderate heat until just cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes more, then transfer with tongs to plates.nWhile chicken is cooking, chop almonds.nAdd remaining tablespoon butter and 3 tablespoons water to skillet and heat, stirring, until butter is melted. Stir in almonds, parsley, and pepper, to taste. Spoon sauce over chicken., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon, 14 cup whole almonds with skins, 4 boneless chicken breast halves with skin 2 14 pounds total, 1 cup brinecured green olives, such as picholine, pitted and chopped, 3 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: OliveStuffed Chicken with Almonds, picturelink: null}, 20553: {instructions: Line a small sieve with a coffee filter. Put the yogurt in it, set it over a bowl, and refrigerate 2 hours. Discard the expressed liquid and put yogurt in a small serving bowl.nTrim the rind off the watermelon and cut the fruit into pieces a couple inches long and about 12inch square. Arrange on a platter with the limes. Put the mint, curry, and cayenne, in 3 small bowls.nSqueeze lime on the watermelon. Dip melon into the yogurt, then into a little curry and as much cayenne as you like and finish with the mint. Nibble on., ingredients: [1 cup low fat plain yogurt, 1 12 pound piece red or yellow seedless watermelon with rind, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, Curry powder, Cayenne pepper], title: Watermelon Snack, picturelink: null}, 20554: {instructions: Put the bones and carcass from a leftover chicken they can be in pieces in a large pot. Cover with the broth and 4 cups water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes. Skim any foam or fat from the broth with a ladle as necessary.nRemove the bones and carcass with tongs or a slotted spoon set aside to cool. Add the carrots, celery, onion and bay leaf to the broth, bring back to a simmer and cook until the vegetables are about half cooked they will still have resistance when tested with a knife but be somewhat pliable when bent, about 10 minutes. Stir in the rice to keep it from sticking to the bottom, and cook until the grains are just al dente, 10 to 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, when the carcass and bones are cool enough to handle, pick off the meat, and shred it into bitesize pieces.nWhen the rice is done, add the meat to the broth and simmer until warmed through, about 1 minute. Stir in the parsley, and season with 12 teaspoon salt or more to taste. Serve hot., ingredients: [Carcass and bones from one 4 to 5pound roast chicken or a mildflavored rotisserie chicken, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 medium carrots, sliced into 14inchthick rounds, 2 celery stalks, sliced into 14inchthick slices, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup white rice, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, Kosher salt], title: Simple Chicken Soup, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 20555: {instructions: Blend all ingredients in a blender. Pour into a tall glass and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 part sports drink recommended: Gatorade, 1 part ginger ale, Splash apple juice, Splash melon vodka, Ice], title: Cruisin Cooler, picturelink: kHsPuZ6SAQz70WgYy5zYcrQrZgbd..}, 20556: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook until tender but still al dente, about 8 minutes or according to package directions. Meanwhile, in a large skillet heat oil. Add garlic, paprika, thyme, cayenne and bell peppers and saute for a minute. Then add white wine, cover and simmer over low heat until the peppers are almost tender, about 3 minutes. Add shrimp and oysters, cover and simmer until shrimp are cooked through, another 2 minutes. Uncover skillet, add chicken broth and cook until broth has reduced slightly, about 1 minute. Remove skillet from heat, swirl in butter and adjust seasoning. Drain pasta and return to pot, off the heat. Add the shrimp mixture and toss well with pasta. Serve out portions and garnish with parsley or scallions., ingredients: [4 cups corkscrews or mediumsize pasta shells, 2 Tbsp olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tsp paprika, 1 scant tsp dried thyme, 14 tsp cayenne pepper, 2 mediumsize red bell peppers, seeded  cut into 14inch dice, 14 cup dry white wine, 12 jumbo shrimp, peeled, deveined  cut into 12inch chunks, 4 oz can smoked oysters, chopped, 12 cup chicken broth, 2 to 3 tbsp butter, chopped parsley or thinly sliced scallions for garnish], title: Shrimp Piquante with Fusilli, picturelink: null}, 20557: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSpray 2 baking sheets with nonstick spray. Set aside.nCut off and discard the tough ends of the asparagus stalks. Lay asparagus on the sheets. Lay carrots and pepper strips on the sheets as well.nCut eggplant lengthwise into six to eight 14inch slices. Blot excess moisture from the slices with paper towels. Arrange the eggplant slices flat on the sheets. Sprinkle veggies with the salt and black pepper.nRoast the veggies until tender, about 15 minutes.nOnce the veggies are cool enough to handle, place one basil leaf lengthwise on an eggplant slice. Add a cherry tomato at the short base of the slice. Roll up the eggplant around the tomato and secure with a toothpick. Repeat with all of the other eggplant slices.nIf you like, refrigerate the eggplant rolls and roasted veggies until completely chilled, at least 1 hour.nWhen its time to serve, arrange the roasted veggies on a platter with the jicama and sugar snap peas., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, 2 cups baby carrots, 1 red bell pepper, stem removed, seeded, and cut into 12inchthick slices, 1 yellow bell pepper, stem removed, seeded, and cut into 12inchthick slices, 1 eggplant, ends removed, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 6 to 8 fresh basil leaves, 6 to 8 cherry tomatoes, 1 small jicama, peeled and cut into 12inchwide sticks, 2 cups sugar snap peas, stems removed], title: Mostly Roasted Veggie Explosion, picturelink: XFavEw8bRqHPK34SBYXezsey75f2ouq}, 20558: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pork and stock: Cook the pork butt with 2 cups of the julienned onions, 5 cloves of the garlic and 5 cups water until the pork is cooked through, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a pot, combine the tomatillos and jalapenos and cover with water. Simmer for 20 minutes. Drain, reserving the tomatillos, jalapenos and 1 cup of the cooking liquid.nSaute the remaining 2 cups onions and 3 cloves garlic in some of the canola oil until golden brown. Transfer to a blender and add the cumin and reserved tomatillos, jalapenos and 1 cup cooking liquid and blend until smooth. Put the remaining canola oil in a pot and heat until smoking. Add the tomatillo mixture to the pot and cook for 5 minutes. Add the chicken stock and cook for another 15 minutes.nWhen the pork is cooked, season with salt. Pull out the pork and discard all that remains. Add the pork and hominy to the pot with the tomatillo broth and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.nFor serving: Ladle the soup into bowls and top with some cabbage, white onions, Mexican cheese, cilantro and fried tortilla., ingredients: [5 pounds pork butt, trimmed and diced into 12inch pieces, 4 cups julienned onions, 8 garlic cloves, 4 quarts fresh tomatillos, 3 jalapenos, stemmed, 12 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 8 cups 2 quarts chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups hominy, 4 ounces diced white cabbage, 4 ounces diced white onions, 4 ounces fresh Mexican cheese, 4 ounces chopped fresh cilantro, Fried corn tortillas, for topping], title: Posole Verde, picturelink: TbdAyZ1NU1wjPeygFcG8U3tqZTlnH6}, 20559: {instructions: Preparing to bake: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 4inch loaf pan.nGrating the zucchini: Grate the zucchini into a bowl. Put it in a double layer of paper towels. Squeeze the water out of the zucchini into the sink. This will help the zucchini bread to not be too wet. Set aside about 225 grams or about 2 cups of the drained zucchini.nCombining the dry ingredients: In a large bowl, combine the flour mix, psyllium, baking powder, soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, cardamom, and salt.nCombining the wet ingredients: Whisk together the egg, sugars, olive oil, yogurt, and vanilla extract.nFinishing the batter: Plop the drained zucchini into the liquids and whisk them together. Sprinkle the dry ingredients over the top of the liquids. Using a rubber spatula, fold the dry ingredients into the wet until no sign of flours remain.nPour the batter into the prepared pan. Slide the pan into the oven and bake until the top of the bread is crackly brown and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out dry, 45 to 55 minutes.nAllow the bread to cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Turn it onto a cooling rack and let it cool to room temperature before slicing into it.nPour all the flours into a large container. Restaurant supply stores sell large plastic containers that fit this purpose well. You could also use a large glass jar. Shake and shake and shake harder until all the flours have become one color., ingredients: [1 large zucchini, 210 grams AllPurpose GlutenFree Flour Mix, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon psyllium husk, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cardamom, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 12 cup white sugar, 13 cup brown sugar, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup Greek yogurt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 400 grams millet flour, 300 grams sweet rice flour, 300 grams potato starch], title: GlutenFree Zucchini Bread, picturelink: AfgFXU68aNYCJIGejs.z19sPTbzHDC}, 20560: {instructions: Pick over beans, removing any broken beans, stones, or other foreign matter. Rinse them.nIt is not absolutely necessary to presoak beans before cooking, but it does cut down on the cooking time, and it also reduces their flatulent effect. To soak, place them in a large bowl, and cover them with fresh, cold water roughly 3 times the volume of the beans. Remove any beans that float to the surface, as they are probably hollow from insect damage. Cover with plastic wrap, and let stand at room temperature for a minimum of 4 hours or as long as overnight. It may be necessary to refrigerate the beans if the kitchen is warm, to prevent fermentation.nNote: If you dont have time to soak beans overnight, use this quicksoak method. Place the beans in a large pot with plenty of space for expansion, and cover with at least 2 inches of cold water. Bring to a rolling boil, turn off the heat, and let stand for 1 hour.nDrain the beans. When youre ready to cook them, place beans in a large pot, and cover them with at least 2 inches of cold water. You can add seasonings to the pot, such as 12 an onion, a rib of celery cut into 2inch pieces, a few sprigs of thyme, tarragon, or parsley, and about a dozen black peppercorns. A few cloves of garlic or a bay leaf are other optional additions. For even more flavor, cook them in chicken stock instead of water.nNote: Salt and acidic foods like tomatoes will toughen the skins of the beans and prevent them from becoming tender. Never salt beans at the beginning of the cooking processadd salt about 10 minutes before the beans are finished cooking. Also, beans should always be precooked if you want to use them in a tomatobased dish.nBring to a full boil, reduce the heat and simmer the beans gently. Occasionally give the beans a gentle stir to help them cook evenly. If the water runs low to the surface of the beans add more boiling waternot cold water.nThe beans will take anywhere from just under 1 to 2 hours to cook, depending on variety and age. Small beans like adzukis, blackeyed peas, and flageolets cook the fastest, and larger beans like limas and gigandes take the longest. Most averagesize beans will take about 1 hour and 15 minutes to cook. Consult the package for a precise time.nWhen the beans are tender, or still a little firm if you are using them in a salad and want them to remain whole, turn off the heat, but dont drain. Let them cool in the cooking liquid at least until they are lukewarm. This will help prevent the skins from peeling off and ruining the look of the beans, and it will also give them a chance to continue soaking up the flavorings and the salt.nIf youre not using the beans right away, they can be stored in the cooking liquid until ready to use, or drained and rinsed right away. Discard the onion, garlic, and other additions, and proceed with your recipe., ingredients: [Dried Beans, Water, Aromatics], title: Cooking Dried Beans, picturelink: null}, 20561: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBake potatoes in a 350 degrees F oven until tender. When cool enough to handle scoop out the insides and put through a ricer to eliminate any lumps. In a small bowl combine the egg, salt and nutmeg. On a lightly floured work surface mound the potatoes making a well in the center. Pour in the egg mixture then, using your fingers or a fork, begin to mix the eggs into the potatoes working from the outside in as to not break the moat. When eggs are about halfway combined begin to sprinkle a bit of the flour and cheese over the potatoes, continuing to lightly knead, bringing the mixture together adding more flour as needed to make a pliable dough. Once the dough is no longer sticky the dough is done. It is important not to overwork the dough creating gluten giving the dough a dense texture. Working quickly and lightly will give you light, airy gnocchi. Dust the board with flour and roll 14 of the dough into a long rope about 1inch thick. Cut into thumb size sections and set aside, tossing with a bit of flour to avoid them from sticking together. Repeat with the other pieces of dough. Using the back of a fork take each gnocchi and gently roll over the tines by lightly pressing with your thumb and allowing the gnocchi to fall off the fork. Boil gnocchi in a large pot of salted water until they float. When they float they are done. Remove and toss immediately with Spicy Tomato Sauce. Garnish with torn basil leaves and additional cheese.nIn a large saucepot over mediumhigh heat add olive oil. Add onions and saute until softened, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and saute until fragrant. Add oregano, chili flakes and tomato paste, stir until combined and paste cooks into the mixture, about 1 minute. Add red wine, stirring until almost completely evaporated. Season with kosher salt, pepper, to taste, and tomatoes using the back of a spoon to break up the tomatoes. Bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer and allow to cook down about 20 minutes. Taste the sauce and add red wine vinegar, cheese and additional salt and pepper, if needed. If desired you may puree the sauce at this point using an immersion blender or keep it chunky. Serve with gnocchi., ingredients: [2 12 pounds russet potatoes about 4, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 1 to 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, Spicy Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, Handful fresh basil leaves about 14 cup, for garnish, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, roughly chopped into even pieces, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup red wine, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 28ounce cans whole plum tomatoes, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 to 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Gnocchi with Spicy Tomato Sauce, picturelink: KuxITtk7nGAuv.JizqlMF8gfR.WQwi}, 20562: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the red pepper flakes thyme, garlic, lemon zest, orange zest, salt and pepper to taste and cook, stirring occasionally, until the garlic is pale golden, about 2 minutes. Stir in the olives and cook, stirring, until just warm, about 2 minutes. Turn off the heat. Stir in the lemon juice and orange juice and transfer to a decorative jar or serving bowl. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, 1 strip lemon zest, removed with a vegetable peeler plus 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 strip orange zest, removed with a vegetable peeler plus 1 tablespoon orange juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup Castelvetrano olives], title: Citrus Marinated Olives, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 20563: {instructions: In the bowl of a heavy duty mixer, place the flour, shortening and salt. Beat with the paddle until crumbly, about 3 to 5 minutes. With the mixer running, gradually add the warm water and continue mixing until the dough is smooth, about 3 minutes. Divide the dough into 3 pieces. Roll each into a ball and place on a baking tray or board. Cover with a towel and let rest at room temperature at least 15 minutes or up to one hour. Cut out eight 12 inch squares of waxed or parchment paper for stacking the tortillas. On a lightly floured board, roll each ball into a 10 inch circle, and transfer to a paper square. Stack on a baking tray or platter and refrigerate until cooking time. Uncooked tortillas can be kept in the refrigerator, well wrapped with paper squares between the layers, up to 2 days. To cook, heat a dry griddle or 12inch skillet over medium heat. Carefully peel off the paper and cook the tortillas, one at a time, until puffy and slightly brown, about 30 to 45 seconds per side. Set aside to cool slightly on a towel lined platter. Bring to the table wrapped in a towel for warmth, or wrap well and refrigerate or freeze for quesadilla or other dishes., ingredients: [2 12 cups all purpose flour, Scant 12 cup vegetable shortening 3 12 ounces, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup warm water], title: Flour Tortillas, picturelink: null}, 20564: {instructions: Combine the pepper, tomatoes, vinegar, honey and cilantro in a food processor and process until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add oil and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 red peppers, grilled, peeled and chopped, 2 plum tomatoes, grilled until charred on all sides, and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Red PepperTomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20565: {instructions: In a heavybottom pot such as a Dutchoven, add 1 tablespoon of olive oil and heat up over mediumhigh heat. Brown the shrimp on both sides without fully cooking them through, about 1 minute per side. Remove and set aside on a plate. In the same pot, add the remaining tablespoon olive oil, then add the onions and garlic. Saute for 5 minutes, then add the risotto and cook, stirring gently, to toast it. Add the lemon zest and juice and turn the heat to medium add the white wine. Continue stirring until most of the wine has cooked off, 5 to 7 minutes. Slowly add about 12 cup of chicken broth, and cook, stirring frequently, until the liquid has been absorbed then add another 12 cup chicken broth. Continue doing so in this manner until the risotto is fully cooked through and the liquid has been completely absorbed. You may need more or less than the 3 12 cups of chicken broth. Season with salt and pepper to taste, then add the shrimp back in. Toss to incorporate and cook until the shrimp are cooked all the way through, 2 to 3 minutes. Divide evenly into 2 bowls and serve, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 cup diced onions, 1 clove minced garlic, 34 cup risotto or Arborio rice, 1 heaping tablespoon lemon zest, plus juice of 12 lemon, 13 cup white wine, 3 12 cups chicken broth, or more as needed, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Risotto with Lemon and Shrimp for Two, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 20566: {instructions: Heat extravirgin olive oil in deep skillet, add sausage and brown a few minutes then add garlic, peppers, onions and cook until soft, 6 to 7 minutes more.nDeglaze pan with a little vinegar, stir in stock and tomatoes and reduce heat to simmer, cook 5 minutes more then stir in parsley and basil and serve with cheese on top., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds hot or sweet bulk Italian sausage, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 to 4 cubanelle peppers, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 mediumlarge onions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 15ounce cans or 1 28ounce can crushed or diced fire roasted tomatoes, 14 cup finely chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup basil leaves, torn, 1 cup shredded ParmigianoReggiano], title: Sausage, Peppers and Onions Stoup, picturelink: MVwHmOiLfTJnztIavHxb80adpPXdia}, 20567: {instructions: If you bought raw shrimp, steam shrimp until pink, about 5 minutes, then cold shock under running water. Place in freezer until ready to serve.nMix celery, horseradish, lemon juice, hot sauce, chili sauce, ketchup and vegetable juice together and season with salt and pepper. Pour sauce into 4 martini glasses and surround rim with chilled shrimp. Serve lemon wedges alongside glasses on cocktail forks., ingredients: [1 12 pounds supersize jumbo shrimp  precooked or, peeled and deveined, tail on, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 2 rounded spoonfuls prepared horseradish, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 cup chili sauce, 12 cup ketchup, 12 cup vegetable juice recommended: V8, Salt and black pepper, 1 lemon, wedged], title: Shrimp Dean Martinis, picturelink: 9M8CLNh6AS.PayE.EV0qlm1VZC774N2}, 20568: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 or 10inch springform pan and line the bottom with parchment paper. Flour the sides of the pan with sifted matzo cake meal.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form. Add 12 cup of the sugar and continue whipping just until stiff and glossy, about 30 seconds more.nIn another bowl, whip the egg yolks with the remaining 14 cup sugar until light and fluffy. Fold in the egg whites. Gently fold in the ground almonds, chopped almonds, matzo meal, lemon juice, and lemon zest.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until dry and spongy in the center, about 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes in the pan, then remove the sides of the pan and let cool completely on a wire rack. The cake will fall somewhat.nMake the glaze: In a small bowl, stir the ingredients together until smooth, adding lemon juice as needed until the glaze is pourable. Set the wire rack holding the cake on a sheet pan. Drizzle the glaze generously over the top of the cake, letting it trickle down the sides. Using a flexible spatula or pastry brush, gently spread the glaze over the sides of the cake, reusing any glaze that drips onto the baking sheet. Let set for at least 30 minutes before serving, or until the glaze is hardened. Transfer the cake to a serving platter, removing the pan bottom and parchment paper if desired.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the jam and water to a boil, stirring to break up any lumps. Working quickly, add the strawberries all at once and fold together with a spatula until evenly coated. Pour into the sunken center of the cake and gently spread into a circle on the surface, leaving a 1 12inch border all around. Let cool until set, about 30 minutes. Use a very sharp knife for slicing the cake., ingredients: [14 cup sifted matzo cake meal, plus extra, for flouring the pan, 9 eggs, separated, whites at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup ground almonds, 12 cup chopped almonds, 1 12 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 lemon, zested, 34 cup kosher for Passover confectioners sugar, 1 to 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 1 cup apricot jam, 1 12 tablespoons water, 3 cups strawberries, green parts trimmed off, halved], title: Lemon Sponge Cake with Glazed Strawberries, picturelink: 4zuOBlzkf0BMGCmurBZxS0B.zi8vrxi}, 20569: {instructions: Scald milk until bubbles form around edges of pan. Remove from heat. Add sugar and salt until dissolved. Stir in half and half, vanilla, whipping cream, and 12 cup Amaretto. Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes. Add cinnamon to pureed peaches and diced peaches, then add to chilled mixture. Refrigerate another 15 minutes. Freeze in an icecream maker according to the manufacturers directions. Drizzle remaining Amaretto liqueur over dished out servings., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 1 34 cups sugar, 12 tsp. salt, 2 cups half and half, 1 T. vanilla, 4 cups whipping cream, 1 cup Amaretto liqueur, 1 tsp. cinnamon, 4 cups fresh peaches half amount pureed, and half diced.], title: Amaretto Peach Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 20570: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the tomato topping ingredients. Set aside. You may add a few drops of water to thin to a ketchup consistency.nIn a large bowl, mix together the beef, eggs, Parmesan, vegetables, herbs, and seasonings.nWorking on a waxed paper lined sheet pan or counter, form meatloaf mix into a 10 by 8inch flat rectangle on the waxed paper. Place a layer of prosciutto slices on top, followed by a layer of provolone slices. Roll up the stuffed meatloaf mix like a burrito and seal the edges all around by pinching the meat.nPlace the roll, seam side down, into a 5 by 9inch loaf pan. Spread a heavy coat of the tomato topping to completely cover the top of the meatloaf. Place in oven and bake for about 1 hour and 15 minutes, or until the temperature on a meat thermometer registers 165 degrees F. Drain fat and let rest at least 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 14 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 2 teaspoons white vinegar or water, 2 pounds ground chuck may use meat loaf mix with ground pork, 2 eggs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup red onion, diced small, 14 cup roasted or fresh red bell peppers, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 pound prosciutto, or any type of ham, thinly sliced, 14 pound provolone cheese, sliced], title: Low Carb BeefedUp Meatloaf, picturelink: KgwbJfvl6lczYA6QJ2pZXfRug92BO}, 20571: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Mixed Greens with Balsamic Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 20572: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a saucepan and simmer covered for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Taste and adjust with seasonings to your liking. Yum, ingredients: [1 14 ounce can of tomato sauce, 4 ounces cider vinegar, 4 ounces water, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon yellow mustard powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, crushed, 1 teaspoon red thyme leaves, crushed, 12 teaspoon black pepper, ground, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 cloves roasted garlic, pureed, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon dark molasses], title: Oink and Moo, Cluck Too BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20573: {instructions: Toss the pork pieces with the thyme, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Heat 12 of the oil in a medium Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork pieces in a single layer and cook until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl.nHeat the remaining oil in the same pot and add the carrots, celery, onions and bell pepper and cook, stirring, until softened, 7 to 10 minutes. Stir in the paprika, tomato paste, caraway and garlic until fragrant and the tomato paste has darkened slightly, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the broth and 1 12 cups water and bring to a simmer. Cook until the vegetables are tender and the broth has thickened, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the noodles according to package directions and keep warm.nAdd the pork back to the stew and cook, stirring, until the pork is cooked through and hot. Stir in the vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Toss with the hot egg noodles and garnish with chives., ingredients: [1 14 pounds pork tenderloin, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 2 carrots, diced, 1 rib celery, diced, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 red or green bell pepper, diced, 3 tablespoons sweet paprika, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon crushed caraway seeds, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup lowsodium beef broth, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 2 cups wholewheat egg noodles, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Quick Pork Goulash, picturelink: O7t8rVq5mEhaqVI4LK3jiIdTnIUpVty}, 20574: {instructions: Tomato Soup: In a saucepan, heat oil. Sweat onions, ginger, garlic, and green onions until glossy, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add lime leaf and lemongrass. Continue to sweat another minute. Add the tomatoes, and tomato paste, and season with salt, pepper, and sugar. Bring to a boil and lower to a simmer. Cook for 10 minutes. Remove the lime leaf and lemongrass. Transfer to a blender, add butter, and chile oil, and process to a puree. Strain through a chinois and chill over a bowl of ice. Reserve.nTo make the Pea Soup: In a saucepan, heat oil. Sweat onions, ginger, garlic, and green onions until glossy, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add Thai basil and coconut milk. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer, and add peas. Season with salt, pepper, and sugar. Simmer for 5 minutes. Remove Thai basil. Transfer to a blender, add butter, and process to a puree. Strain through a chinois and chill over a bowl of ice.nTo prepare the Lobster Salad: In a bowl, combine the lobster meat, mango, and Thai basil. Add 14 cup of Asian vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper. Chill until ready to serve.nTo serve: Place a 2inch mold ring in center of soup plate. Spoon the lobster salad inside the ring. Press to mold. Ladle the soups on each side of ring. Decorate soup by placing a spoonful of contrasting soups over plated soups. In a bowl, mix the herbs and micro greens with Asian Vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper. Top lobster salad with micro green mixture and a slice of fried lotus root. Carefully remove ring. Serve immediately.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, sesame oil, peanut oil, soy sauce, and lemon juice. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Reserve until ready to use., ingredients: [1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 tablespoon onion, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon minced ginger, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon minced green onions scallions, 1 Kaffir lime leaf, torn, 1 lemongrass, trimmed, 3inches from the base, crushed, 2 cup whole peeled plum tomatoes, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon chile oil, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 tablespoon onion, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon minced ginger, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon minced green onions scallions, 1 small bunch Thai basil, 1 13 12ounce can coconut milk, 2 cups shelled peas, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon butter, 6 ounces cooked lobster meat, diced, 12 cup ripe mango, diced, 2 leaves Thai basil, chiffonaded, 14 cup Asian vinaigrette, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 cup assorted herb leaves, mixed, 1 cup assorted microgreens, 14 cup Asian Vinaigrette, Salt and pepper, Lotus root, thinly sliced, deepfried, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Yin Yang Soup, picturelink: null}, 20575: {instructions: Rinse the chicken thoroughly under cold running water. Pat dry with a paper towel. In an ovenproof baking dish combine the remaining ingredients. Add the chicken and turn several times to mix the ingredients.nCover with aluminum foil and marinate for 2 to 4 hours in refrigerator.nCombine all the salsa ingredients in a bowl and mix thoroughly with a fork. Reserve.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nTransfer covered baking dish to oven and bake for approximately 20 minutes, or until chicken is cooked throughout.nTo serve, spoon a generous serving of salsa onto plate and top with 2 thighs., ingredients: [8 boneless, skinless, chicken thighs or 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 14 cup tamari sauce or soy sauce, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 mangos, peeled, pitted, and cut into 14inch cubes, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 to 2 jalapeno chilies, seeds and membranes removed, minced, 3 green onions, finely sliced, 23 cup lightly packed fresh cilantro leaves, stems discarded, coarsely chopped], title: Mambo Chicken with Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 20576: {instructions: For the duck: Prick the duck all over with a small knife or fork. Carefully pour hot water over the duck to rinse. Discard the hot water. Place the duck on a rack in a roasting pan and dry all over by patting it with paper towels. Sprinkle the duck with salt and pepper and leave it in the roasting pan until ready to cook.nIn a small bowl, mix together the honey, 6 tablespoons water, fivespice, soy sauce and brown sugar. Brush the duck all over, inside and out. Let dry for about 10 minutes and then brush again. Repeat this process until you have used all but 4 to 5 tablespoons of the glaze reserve this glaze. Ideally, let the glaze marinate on the duck overnight, leaving it uncovered in the fridge.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the duck in the oven and cook for 45 minutes. Flip the duck over, baste with the reserved glaze and cook until the skin is crisp and golden brown, another 45 minutes. Make sure you check halfway through that it is not getting too dark. If it is getting too dark before half the cook time is up, turn your heat down and lower the rack in the oven. When the duck is cooked, remove from the oven and let rest while you make your sauce.nFor the sauce: In a small bowl, mix the cornstarch with 1 tablespoon cold water and set aside. Next, heat a pan or wok over medium heat and add the hoisin, sugar, sesame oil and soy sauce. When the sauce starts to bubble slightly, add the cornstarch mixture and stir well to thicken. Set aside and let cool. Carve and slice some duck. Place a teaspoon of the sauce in the center of each pancake, add a couple slices of duck, garnish with the scallions and cucumbers and serve immediately., ingredients: [One 5 to 6pound whole duck, Sea salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 6 tablespoons honey, 4 tablespoons Chinese fivespice powder, 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 6 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 6 tablespoons superfine sugar, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 1 package ChineseMandarinstyle pancakes, to serve, 3 scallions, sliced into long thin strips, for garnish, 1 cucumber, cored and sliced into long thin strips, for garnish], title: Peking Duck, picturelink: null}, 20577: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor or in a blender, combine the shallots with the onion and pulse until finely chopped do NOT puree Turn into a large bowl. Place the cucumber, fennel and hot pepper in the food processor and do the same, then add them to the onion mixture. Then add half of the tomatoes with half of the bread chunks, pulse and turn them into the bowl as well. Finally, pulse the rest of the tomatoes with the remaining bread, add them to the lot and stir to mix.nScoop 1 cup of the vegetable mixture back into the food processor, then add the tomato juice, olive oil and vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Puree the mixture, then add it to the bowl along with the diced zucchini and bell pepper stir to mix. Check the seasonings.nChill the soup for at least 3 hours and up to 2 days the longer you let it sit in the fridge, the more the flavors meld and serve quite cold. Stir well before serving, adjust the seasonings as needed and pass the diced avocado and lime wedges on the side if desired. You may also want to give the portions a final drizzle of extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [2 shallots, roughly chopped, 1 red onion, roughly chopped, 1 large seedless cucumber, cut into chunks, 1 medium bulb fennel, trimmed, cored and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 mild Hatch pepper or jalapeno, stemmed, seeded and chopped, 8 large plum tomatoes, cored, seeded and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 thin slices slightly dry white bread, crusts trimmed, ripped into chunks, 3 cups tomato or vegetable juice such as V8, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil break out the good stuff for this recipe, plus extra for drizzling, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Kosher or coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 zucchini, diced small, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and diced small, Diced avocado and lime wedges, for serving, optional], title: Late Summer Gazpacho with Hatch Chiles, picturelink: null}, 20578: {instructions: Special equipment: an ice cream makernFor the ice cream: In a medium saucepan set over mediumlow heat, combine the cream, 12 cup of the granulated sugar, the star anise and vanilla seeds. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally, and remove from the heat.nIn a small bowl, combine the eggs, salt and the remaining 12 cup granulated sugar, and beat until smooth.nStrain the cream mixture through a fine mesh sieve, and then whisk a third of the cream mixture into the eggs. Immediately whisk the eggs back into the cream mixture. Chill the ice cream base over an ice bath and freeze for 30 minutes.nUsing an ice cream maker, churn the ice cream base according to the manufacturers instructions. Freeze in an airtight container for 1 hour.nFor the cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Sift the flour, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl and set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar. Cream together on medium speed until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Beat in the vanilla and eggs. Gradually add the dry ingredients to the mixer, and mix until the batter is smooth. Turn off the mixer and fold in the 34 cup coarsely chopped almonds, cranberries, 12 ounces chocolate chunks and orange zest using the spatula.nScoop about 14 cup of the cookie dough onto the prepared cookie sheets, leaving some room between each cookie, for about 12 cookies total. Press down the tops slightly, and bake until the cookies are light brown, 12 minutes for chewy cookies or about 15 minutes for crispy cookies.nCool the cookies on the baking sheets for 5 minutes and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nIn a shallow dish, combine the 34 cup finely chopped almonds with the 34 cup finely chopped chocolate. Using an ice cream scoop, scoop some ice cream onto a cookie, and top with another cookie to form a sandwich. Roll in the almondchocolate mixture and freeze for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 whole star anise, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 6 eggs, Pinch salt, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups raw almonds, 34 cup coarsely chopped and 34 cup finely chopped, 34 cup dried cranberries, 12 ounces coarsely chopped plus 34 cup finely chopped semisweet chocolate, Zest of 1 orange], title: Star Anise Ice Cream and Orange, Almond, Cranberry and Semisweet Chocolate Chip Cookie Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 20579: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the granulated garlic and pepper in a small bowl and set aside. Mince the garlic and slowly incorporate the salt and sugar, alternating, to create a paste. Add the Achiote Oil and mix well. Be careful, this oil will stain.nRinse and pat dry the roast and rub with the garlic paste, evenly coating the meat. Sprinkle evenly with the granulated garlic and pepper mixture and wrap tightly in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 24 hours and up to 48 hours.nRemove the wrap and allow the roast to rest while you preheat a welloiled grill to mediumhigh heat. Add the roast and cook for 9 minutes, turn, repeat and check the temperature. Once 90 degrees F is achieved, turn the middle burner to high and sear all sides of the roast. Remove from the grill and allow to rest for 10 to 15 minutes, loosely covered with aluminum foil.nSlice across the grain in thin 18inch pieces, drizzle any juices that have accumulated back onto the sliced meat and serve immediately.nIn a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the seeds and toast for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the oil, reduce the heat to low and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. The oil will become bright orange. Immediately remove from the heat, cool and strain. Store the oil in a glass container in the refrigerator. The oil will keep for several months., ingredients: [2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 13 cup fresh cracked black pepper, 12 cup garlic cloves, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons Achiote Oil, recipe follows, One 3 to 4pound prime tritip roast, 1 12 tablespoons achiote seeds, 12 cup canola oil], title: Santa Maria TriTip, picturelink: 8kkI9XGAtJqkrbiXg7Jd7XKIHuRBLvq}, 20580: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 Black  Decker Airstation Wooden skewers 2 duck hooks or string tall stock pot tallbig enough to submerge a duck completelynIn a tall stock pot tallbig enough to submerge a duck completely, mix the water, vinegar, molasses, soy and star anise and bring to a brisk boil. Meanwhile, cut the head and feet off of the duck and make a slit at the base of the neck to insert the air pump. While holding the rear of the duck tightly sealed, turn on the pump to separate the skin from the meat. The air must travel all the way down the legs. Set blown up ducks aside. Mix the salt and 5spice together and season the duck inside and out. In a large bowl, mix the oranges, scallions and ginger. Stuff the ducks full of the mix and thread the skewer through the bottom flaps to seal. Hook or tie the ducks by the neck and dip 3 times in the boiling glaze. Hang in the refrigerator or cool place over night ideally use a rotating fan to keep the air circulating which will more efficiently dry the skin. The next day, preheat an oven to 375 degrees and place ducks on a rack on a sheet tray and roast for 1 hour, breast side up. A lot of fat will render off so be careful when removing. Carve up ducks and serve with pancakes, scallion brushes and hoisinlime sauce.nPANCAKES:nPlace the flour in a mixing bowl and quickly add the boiling water and mix as rapidly as possible. Add the oils and work into the dough, Mix for 2 to 3 minutes until the dough is homogenous and pliable. Let rest 5 minutes. Roll out the dough into a long cylinder, 2 inches in diameter. Cut into 8 to 10 pieces. Turn each piece on its flat side and roll out on a floured surface with a rolling pin to about 5 to 6 inches. In a skillet on lowmedium, coat lightly with peanut oil and color both sides brown, small bubbles will form. Keep covered with a damp, hot cloth. These may be done in advance, then steamed hot for service.nHOISINLIME SAUCE:nIn a skillet on medium heat, add the oil to coat. Add the hoisin and stir, it should sizzle and bubble. Cook for only 1 minute then add the juice and stir. Transfer to a small serving dish.nPLATING Lay out carved duck on a platter. Serve with hoisinlime, scallions brushed to brush on the hoisin and pancakes., ingredients: [1 12 gallons water, 1 cup Chinese black vinegar, 12 cup dark molasses, 12 cup dark soy sauce, Scallion brushes, for garnish, 2 star anise, 2 Long Island ducks, 12 cup kosher salt, 1 tablespoon 5spice powder, 4 oranges, washed and quartered, skin on, 12 scallions, chopped 1inch lengths can be the ends, 2 large hand ginger, washed and sliced, 14inch skin, pieces and all, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 23 cup boiling water with a pinch of salt, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup hoisin sauce, Juice of 2 limes], title: Traditional Duck with Pancakes and HoisinLime Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20581: {instructions: In a stock pot, add reserved salmon bones and head, mushrooms, lemongrass, ginger, black cardamom, star anise, and coriander roots. Cover with 3 liters water and bring to the boil.nSkim all impurities until clear. Reduce the heat to a low simmer and cook for 1 hour.nNow add pineapple, diced tomatoes, chile, sate sauce, lime juice, and season with fish sauce and 1 tablespoon salt and cook for a further 5 minutes on low.nDistribute all raw ingredients on separate platters and place it around the portable gas cooker in the middle of the dining table. Place the stock pot on top of the cooker and turn to medium heat.nNow everyone at the table chooses their own ingredients and cooks it to their liking., ingredients: [1 salmon filleted and sliced into 1inch by 2inch3 cm by 5 cm pieces bones and head reserved for stock, 15 dried shiitake mushrooms, soaked in water for 30 minutes, 4 lemongrass stems, bruised, 1 12inch4 cm knob fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, 2 black cardamom, 2 star anise, 2 coriander roots, 3 quarts3 liters water, 12 pineapple, sliced, 2 tomatoes, diced, 2 long red chiles, sliced, 1 tablespoon sate sauce see Cooks Note, Juice of 2 limes, 6 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon salt, 4 tomatoes, cut into wedges, 17 12 ounces500 g silken tofu, sliced into cubes, 2 pounds, 4 ounces1 kg soft rice noodles, 1 Chinese white cabbage, sliced, 1 bunch watercress, 1 bunch water spinach, 1 bunch mustard greens], title: Red Dzao Salmon Steam Boat: Lao Ca Hoi Dzao Do, picturelink: null}, 20582: {instructions: For banana mixturenIn 8 skillet, melt 2 tablespoons I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Original Soft Spread. Add 34 of banana, peanut butter, rum, sugar and pinch of salt. You will get flames so be careful in handling your skillet. Bring to boil, breaking down the bananas using a wooden fork or spoon. Using same spoon, stir until bananas have cooked down and rum has infused. You want to end up with a semithick mixture with some chunkiness in the bananas. Set aside and cool.nFor toastnWhisk eggs in medium bowl. Add milk, nutmeg, cinnamon and vanilla extract. Combine well. Drench each slice of bread until fully covered in egg mixture. Using stovetop grill pan, melt remaining 2 tablespoons of I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Original Soft Spread and grill one slice of bread. Top first slice with banana mixture, the cover with the second slice of bread and press down using a spatula. Cook on each side until bread is golden brown and egg is cooked through, approximately 45 minutes on each side. Lastly, cook remaining bananas in same grill pan for 23 minutes.nFor syrup toppingnIn small bowl mash mango using fork until broken down but still a bit chunky. Stir in maple syrup until both are well combined. You may add a pinch of cinnamon or nutmeg here.nTo platenSlice French toast diagonally. Pour mango syrup, top with remaining bananas and dust with confectioners sugar and a dash more cinnamon.nNutrition Information Per ServingnCalories 490, Calories From Fat 160, Saturated Fat 5g, Trans Fat 0g, Total Fat 18g, Cholesterol 320mg, Sodium 470mg, Total Carbohydrates 54g, Sugars 32g, Dietary Fiber 5g, Protein 16g, Vitamin A 25, Vitamin C 20, Calcium 15, Iron 15, ingredients: [4 tablespoons I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Original Soft Spread, 1 ripe banana, sliced and parted, 1 heaping tablespoon peanut butter, 18 cup 9 Spice Cruzan rum, 2 teaspoons sugar, Pinch of salt, 3 eggs, 14 cup 2 milk optional, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 slices white, brioche or whole grain bread I used whole grain for this recipe, 14 cup fresh mango, mashed, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, Dash of confectioners sugar], title: Spice Rum Banana Stuffed French Toast with Mango Maple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 20583: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the crust: In large mixing bowl, mix the flour, salt, sugar, shortening, and butter. Sprinkle with the cold water. Form the dough into a ball, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Cut the dough ball in half and roll out each half with a rolling pin to desired thinness. Cut 1 of the rolled out pieces into strips to use for the top layer. Reserve.nFor the filling: Pinch the grapes at the end opposite the stem to pop out the pulp. Reserve the skins. Place the pulp in a mediumsized saucepan and bring to a rolling boil. Remove from the heat and, while still hot, rub the pulp through a strainer to remove the seeds. Mix the strained pulp with the reserved skins in a larger mixing bowl. Add the sugar, flour, salt, lemon juice, butter, brown sugar, honey, and vanilla and mix well.nFor the topping: In a large mixing bowl, mix all of the ingredients together in a bowl until it forms a crumbly mixture.nTo assemble: Place the rolled dough into a pie plate so dough covers the edge of the plate. Sprinkle 13 of the topping over the bottom of the crust, add the filling, and cover another 13 of the topping. Crisscross the dough strips over the filling and brush with the beaten egg. Lastly sprinkle the remaining 13 of the topping over the top. Transfer to the oven and bake for about 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup butterflavored shortening, 12 cup butter, 13 cup cold water, 4 cups Concord grapes, 1 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 12 cups rolled oats, 1 stick butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 to 34 cup brown sugar, 1 egg, beaten], title: Naples Grape Pie, picturelink: null}, 20584: {instructions: Put the couscous in a medium bowl pour the hot stock over it and stir to combine. Cover and let sit for 10 to 15 minutes. Uncover and fluff with a fork. Add the apricots, scallions, and orange juice drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss gently to combine. Garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 12 cups couscous, 2 cups hot chicken stock, 10 dried apricots, chopped, 2 scallions, sliced thin, green parts only, 1 orange, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Couscous with Apricots, picturelink: xglSOuVL0WFvfNFQeyrLyzHA4ehrB1i}, 20585: {instructions: Put all the ingredients in a large saucepan and gently stir them to combine. Place a candy thermometer on the side of the pan and bring to a boil, stirring only to prevent burning. Cook to the firm ball or hard ball stage 255 degrees F, and remove from the heat. Stir in the extracts and pour onto a silicone baking matlined sheet pan. Let it cool enough to handle then start rolling it into a log and stretching or pulling the taffy to work air in, and make it white and opaque. Keep pulling and twisting until it hardens. Youll finish with long ropes of taffy. Cut it into pieces or shape into figures and animals.nSome tips when making taffy:nOil the top 1inch of the saucepans wall to keep the sugar from boiling over.nAlways use a pan bigger than you think you need to prevent boiling over.nAlways use a burner as big or bigger than your pans bottom.nNever scrape the bottom of the pan at the end, just pour out the syrup.nWash down the sides of the pan with a clean wet pastry brush to avoid crystallization., ingredients: [1 14 cups corn syrup, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla andor mint extract, Equipment: Candy thermometer silicone baking mat], title: Taffy, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 20586: {instructions: Season the meat with salt and pepper, dip the pieces in the flour, and shake off excess.nIn a heavy saute pan, heat 2 ounces of olive oil over high heat. Sear both sides of the meat until golden. Remove meat and set aside.nAdd the onion, carrot, celery, and bouquet garni. Saute for 1 minute. Deglaze with wine and continue to cook until reduced by half. Add 34cup of the stock and return meat to pan, lower to a simmer, and cook until meat is tender. Transfer meat to a plate and keep warm. Strain sauce. Reserve.nIn another saute pan, heat the remaining 1 ounce oil and butter. Saute the bacon until golden. Add the pearl onions and mushrooms and continue to saute until golden. Add to the sauce. Place the meat back into the sauce and simmer for 5 minutes.nTo serve, divide schnitzel into 4 portions on center of heated plates. Pour the sauce with mushrooms and bacon on top. Sprinkle with minced parsley. Serve with noodles or mashed potatoes., ingredients: [20 ounces beef or veal or venison leg, tri tip or shoulder, cut into 12inch, Salt and pepper, Flour, for dredging, 3 ounces olive oil, 12 cup chopped onion, 14 cup chopped carrot, 14 cup chopped celery, Bouquet garni thyme, bay leaf, parsley, 2 cups red wine, 1 cup veal stock, 1 ounce butter, 2 ounces thick cut bacon, diced, 6 ounces pearl onions, boiled, 2 cups wild mushrooms, 2 tablespoons minced parsley leaves, Noodles or mashed potatoes, as an accompaniment], title: Jaeger Schnitzel, picturelink: null}, 20587: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour an 8 x 12 x 2 inch baking pan.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar on high speed for 3 minutes, until light and fluffy. With the mixer on low, add the vanilla, then the eggs, one at a time, and mix well, scraping down the bowl. In a small bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda and salt and with the mixer still on low, slowly add flour mixture to the butter mixture. Fold the walnuts and chocolate chunks in with a rubber spatula.nSpread the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake for 30 minutes exactly. Dont overbake A toothpick may not come out clean. Cool completely in the pan and cut into bars., ingredients: [12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups chopped walnuts, 1 14 pounds semisweet chocolate chunks, such as Nestles], title: Chocolate Chunk Blondies, picturelink: ejFZupSzjgesdpp3ko0PCwf7wImyU4u}, 20588: {instructions: In a 4quart pot, steam the clams in the water until they are all open, about 10 minutes. Scoop out the clams and remove the top shell from each one. Gently cook the garlic in olive oil in a saucepan for 4 minutes and carefully pour in the clamcooking liquid, leaving the sand behind in the pot. Add the parsley and season with freshly ground pepper to taste. Put the clams in the same sauce and cover to keep warm. Boil and drain the pasta, divide among hot bowls, and ladle on the calms with their sauce., ingredients: [4 pounds littleneck or Manila clams, well rinsed and scrubbed, 12 cup water, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped parsley, Pepper, 2 9ounce packages of fresh linguine or 12 pound dried], title: Linguine with Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20589: {instructions: Combine the sugar, chopped chiles and 12 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is dissolved. Transfer to a small bowl and refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour.nCombine the rum, mango nectar and yuzu juice in a pitcher. Strain the chile syrup into the pitcher stir until incorporated. Divide among icefilled glasses. Add a few drops of grenadine to each drink and top with a splash of seltzer. Garnish with a halved chile.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 3 red Thai bird or Fresno chile peppers, roughly chopped, plus halved chiles for garnish, 1 cup white rum, 1 cup mango nectar, chilled, 14 cup yuzu juice, chilled, 12 teaspoon grenadine, Seltzer, for serving], title: MangoChile Sunrise, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 20590: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor me, small carrots and parsnips symbolize the beginning of the spring season. This stew recipe celebrates that for me.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Heat a Dutch oven over high heat and add the oil. Season the pieces of lamb on all sides with salt and pepper. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, use a pair of metal tongs to arrange the lamb, in a single layer, in the hot oil. Brown the meat on all sides. Remove the meat and transfer it to a medium bowl. Stir in the onions, garlic, and brown sugar. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the parsnips and carrots and cook until they become slightly tender, about 5 minutes.nAdd the vermouth, bay leaves, mustard, browned meat, lamb bones, and stock. Stir to combine and put the pot in the center of the oven, uncovered. Cook until the meat is tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, about 1 to 1 12 hours.nJust before serving, put a large cast iron pan over mediumhigh heat and coat it with olive oil. Once heated, add the remaining garlic cloves and the sliced bread and toast on both sides. Remove the toast from the pan and set aside.nRemove the stew from the oven and use a large spoon to skim any excess fat or impurities form the surface of the sauce and remove the bones. Taste for seasoning. Stir in the mustard greens and peas, if desired. Serve immediately with toast., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 5 pounds boneless lamb stew meat, cut into 1 to 1 12inch cubes, preferably from the shoulder, plus bones, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium yellow onions, peeled, halved and cut into 12inch thick slices, 12 cloves garlic, peeled, plus 2 for toasting, divided, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 12 small parsnips, washed and thoroughly peeled, 12 small carrots, washed and thoroughly peeled, 1 cup dry vermouth, 2 bay leaves, 14 cup smooth Dijon mustard, 2 quarts beef or lamb stock, Olive oil, for toasting, 1 baguette, sliced, 2 cups curly mustard greens, washed, dried and torn into bitesize pieces, optional, 1 cup shelled peas, optional], title: Spring Lamb Stew, picturelink: CILzMRbVkLUyEf4fP38A6NOAjjp98wG}, 20591: {instructions: For the dough, add the dry ingredients except sugar to a mixing bowl and stir well to combine. Beat the butter and sugar, adding one egg at a time. Continue beating until the mixture is smooth. Beat in half the flour mixture, then stop and scrape the bowl and beaters. Beat in the molasses, scrape again, and beat in the remaining flour mixture, just until combined.nDivide the dough into several pieces and press each piece into a rectangle about 14 inch thick between 2 sheets of plastic wrap. Chill the dough for at least one hour or until firm.nSet the racks in the middle upper thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nRoll the dough, one piece at a time, on a floured surface, just to make the dough flat and even, but not much thinner. Cut with floured cutters and arrange on the pans an inch or two apart. Repeat with the remaining dough. Reroll the scraps immediately or press together, chill and reroll later. Bake the cookies for about 10 minutes, until firm when pressed with a fingertip.nCool the cookies on the pans. Meanwhile for the icing, combine confectioners sugar and egg whites in a mixing bowl and beat by machine until combined. Add the lemon juice or vinegar and continue beating until fluffy. Divide the icing into several small bowls and add coloring. Keep plastic wrap pressed against the surface of the icing to prevent a crust from forming. Use a paper cone or the snipped end of a plastic bag to pipe icing on the cookies. Use the raisins and other decorative ingredients to accent the icing, ingredients: [4 cups unbleached, all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, 23 cup light or dark brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 23 cup unsulfured molasses, 1 pound confectioners sugar, 3 large egg whites, 1 drop lemon juice or vinegar, Food coloring, Raisins, currants, nutmeats, colored sugar, sprinkles and other decorations], title: Decorated Gingerbread Cookies, picturelink: null}, 20592: {instructions: Cut the bacon crosswise into 12inch pieces. Toast the sesame seeds in a large skillet over medium heat until golden, shaking the pan, 2 to 3 minutes.nCut the nori sheets in half with shears, then cut into 12inchthick strips.nHeat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and stirfry until almost cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain the kimchi, reserving the liquid. Raise the heat to high and stirfry the kimchi until browned, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the rice, the reserved kimchi liquid, the sesame oil and half of the nori strips. Continue to cook, turning and flattening the rice mixture with a spatula until it starts to form a golden crust, about 8 minutes. For more of a crust, remove the pan from the heat, cover and set aside 10 minutes.nTransfer the fried rice to a serving dish and sprinkle with the remaining nori strips and the toasted sesame seeds.nMake this spicy Korean condiment, then turn it into fried rice or serve it with your steak: Pulse 3 chopped red jalapenos, 4 garlic cloves, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes and 2 tablespoons each fish sauce and salt in a food processor. Cut 12 head napa cabbage and 6 scallions into 2inch pieces toss with the jalapeno paste. Refrigerate at least 4 hours.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [6 to 8 slices thickcut bacon, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 3 nori sheets dried seaweed, 3 cups Kimchi, recipe follows, 4 12 to 5 cups cooked mediumgrain white rice, chilled, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil], title: Kimchi Fried Rice, picturelink: cykjrsmZoJ7izy71NpGh1fhJh9hJy}, 20593: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 3 to 4quart slow cookernHeat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat.nRub the oil completely over the pork and season with the salt, pepper and cayenne. Brown the pork shoulder in the skillet on all sides this will take about 10 minutes. Remove from the skillet and allow to cool slightly before rubbing with the mustard, then coating with the brown sugar.nPlace the pork in a 3 to 4quart slow cooker, then add the soda and liquid smoke. Cover and cook on low for 7 to 8 hours. When it is done, the pork will feel extremely tender when prodded.nRemove the pork from the slow cooker, then shred the meat using 2 forks and pull off the bone. Mix the meat with any remaining cooking liquid from the slow cooker. Serve with sandwich buns and toppings of your choice., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil or vegetable oil, One 3 to 4pound bonein pork shoulder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 12 cup light brown sugar, One 12ounce can spiced soda, such as Dr. Pepper, 1 teaspoon mesquite liquid smoke, 12 sandwich buns], title: Slow Cooker BBQ Pulled Pork, picturelink: yZRjd14avifLm3EoqXZBBQ8v6fy3txS}, 20594: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, combine the basil, parsley, garlic, lemon zest, a big pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper. Pulse until everything is thoroughly chopped and combined. Add the butter and pulse until thoroughly mixed. Scrape the butter mixture out of the food processor onto a piece of plastic wrap or parchment paper and form into a log. Store in the refrigerator until ready to use.nPreheat a grill or a grill pan for mediumhigh heat. Lightly oil the grill grates. Grill the corn, rotating it as it cooks, until lightly charred in places, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nRemove the corn from the grill, smear each ear with a generous amount of the herb butter and serve., ingredients: [12 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 8 cloves garlic, Zest of 1 lemon, Pinch kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 sticks butter, softened, Oil, for oiling grill, 6 ears corn, shucked and silks cleaned], title: HerbButtered Corn on the Cob, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 20595: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nArrange the bacon on a baking sheet in a single layer. Place under the broiler, cook for 4 minutes, remove from the oven and flip each piece to its opposite side. Place back under the broiler and cook until crisp. Remove from the baking sheet and drain on 3 paper towels. Set aside.nBoil the potatoes in 2 to 3 cups of water until tender. Drain and set aside.nIn a 12inch nonstick oven proof saute pan heat the olive oil and butter on medium heat. Add the sofrito and stirfry until golden brown. Add the potatoes and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. Beat the eggs until fluffy and add the spinach, mix well.nPour the egg mixture over the potatoes and shake the pan a bit while the eggs begin to set. Using a heat resistant spatula pull the egg mixture from the sides of the pan slightly tipping the pan in the same direction allowing the eggs to fill up the space. Repeat 2 or 3 more times going around entire pan. Place the pan under the broiler for 10 minutes or until golden brown on top.nCut into wedges and serve with warm crusty bread or wholegrain toast, ingredients: [8 slices bacon, 2 large potatoes diced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon sofrito, recommended, my blend alternatively Goya Sofrito, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 10 eggs beaten, 1 12 cups chopped spinach, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Spinach, Bacon and Potato Omelet: Tortilla de Papa y Carne de Cerdo con Espinaca, picturelink: null}, 20596: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter 2 8inch square nonstick pans and coat with flour, tapping off excess. Place the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse once. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles peas. Press the shortbread mixture into prepared pans and bake until golden brown around the edges, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool completely.nIn a heavybottomed saucepan over mediumlow heat, combine the condensed milk and 2 tablespoons of butter. Slowly bring the mixture to a boil, stirring continuously. Continue stirring over the heat until mixture becomes thick and amber in color, about 15 minutes. Pour the caramel over the cooked shortbread and spread evenly using an offset spatula. Cool to room temperature.nIn a glass bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, melt the chocolate. Once chocolate has melted, pour it over the cooled caramel layer. Cool at room temperature for about 10 minutes, and then place in the refrigerator to cool completely, allowing chocolate to slightly harden but not get hard. Cut into 2inch squares and enjoy, or store in an airtight container, at room temperature, or my favorite  keep in the refrigerator for a yummy sweet and cool treat, ingredients: [2 sticks butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for preparing pans, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for preparing pans, 23 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 14ounce cans sweetened condensed milk, 2 tablespoons butter, 34 pound goodquality milk chocolate], title: Millionaires Shortbread, picturelink: rMGPnLGGNYRePeLc6LwfPaRkdCA5SvO}, 20597: {instructions: Bring large pot of salted water to a boil.nAdd bowties and cook according to package instructions.nStack 5 to 6 basil leaves at a time, roll them up tight and slice across the roll, spacing cuts 18inch apart or less. Repeat with more leaves until quantity reaches firmly packed 12 cup. Heat oil in a large skillet over low heat for 1 minute. Add garlic and saute, stirring often, 1 minute. Remove from heat.nAdd welldrained bowties and toss well until coated with garlicoil mixture. Add lemon juice and zest, basil, salt, and pepper, and toss until basil wilts.nDivide pasta among 4 large heated plates, top each portion with 1 tablespoon grated cheese and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 mediumsize clove garlic, minced, 1 8ounce package mediumsize bowties, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 bunch basil about 12 large leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly grated black pepper, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: BasilLemon Bowties, picturelink: null}, 20598: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water over medium heat to a boil. Salt the water, add the spaghetti and cook to al dente. Remove and reserve a cup or so of the cooking liquid before draining.nAdd the tomatoes to a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle with oregano. Scatter the tomatoes on a baking rack over a baking sheet and roast about 20 minutes.nHeat about 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the anchovies, working them into oil with a wooden spoon. Stir in the capers, red pepper flakes, garlic, olives, and a splash of olive brine, and saute 3 to 4 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in the pasta cooking liquid, about 1 cup, and toss in the pasta.nPut the tapenade pasta into serving bowls and top with oven roasted cherry tomatoes. Serve as a first course or alongside a seafood entree., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound spaghetti, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved and seeded, Freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil for drizzling, plus 3 tablespoons, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 4 anchovy fillets, 3 tablespoons chopped capers, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup packed, pitted black olives, finely chopped, with some brine recommended: Kalamata], title: Spaghetti with Tapenade Sauce and Roasted Tomatoes, picturelink: pAdaPaA3hPqfZSe8WBiomXlk1P1Idpa}, 20599: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nLightly brush a baking sheet with olive oil and arrange the tomato slices and 3 garlic cloves in one layer. Brush tomatoes and garlic with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast the tomatoes and garlic until lightly browned and the garlic is tender, about 20 minutes. Transfer tomatoes and garlic to a blender. Add balsamic vinegar and 1 tablespoon water and puree until smooth. Add more water if necessary. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Reserve sauce and keep warm.nIn a food processor or blender coarsely chop the garlic clove. Add the cilantro, chives, and parsley and process until finely chopped, scraping down the sides of the machine with a rubber spatula if necessary. Transfer the herb mixture to a shallow dish. Add the bread crumbs, stirring thoroughly to combine and season with salt and pepper.nBrush the cod fillets with olive oil and then dredge in the herb and bread crumb mixture, making sure the fish is well coated on all sides. Arrange the coated fillets on a lightly oiled baking pan. Roast the fillets in middle of oven until just cooked through, 7 to 10 minutes. Serve the roasted cod on the sauce., ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 pound plum tomatoes cut into 14inch slices, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 14 cup water, 12 cup fresh cilantro, 14 cup fresh chives, 14 cup fresh flat leaf parsley, 34 cup fresh bread crumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 7 to 8 ounce cod fillets, pin bones removed], title: HerbCrusted Cod with Roasted Tomato and Garlic Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20600: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBone drumsticks completely, or ask your butcher to bone them for you. Remove all bones, cartilage and tendons, but be sure to keep skin intact. Season inside and out with salt and pepper. In a mixing bowl combine next 10 ingredients. Mix thoroughly. Divide stuffing among drumsticks, stuffing each drumstick evenly under skin. Place in a roasting pan, skin side up. Roast for 30 minutes, basting once after 15 minutes with softened butter, or until skin is golden brown and puffy. Remove drumsticks to a warm platter, cover and keep warm while preparing sauce.nPlace roasting pan over high heat. Add stock and deglaze, scraping up browned bits and incorporating them into sauce. Boil until half of liquid evaporates. Whisk in butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, until incorporated and sauce is lightly thickened.nServe turkey on warm dinner plates, surrounded with sauce and sprinkled with parsley., ingredients: [6 turkey drumsticks about 12 ounces each, 2 cups coarsely ground pork, 6 strips bacon, finely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 34 teaspoon very finely minced garlic, 1 12 cups fresh bread crumbs, 3 eggs, beaten well, 1 tablespoon brandy, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, Big pinch ground allspice, 2 cups brown veal or beef stock, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, plus extra for basting, Finely chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Stuffed Drumsticks with Bacon, Brandy and Thyme, picturelink: null}, 20601: {instructions: Whisk the eggs, milk, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Heat a 6inch nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Brush the skillet with some butter. Working quickly, pour 3 tablespoons of the egg mixture into the pan, swirling to coat the bottom of the pan evenly. Cover and cook until the egg crepe is just set, about 1 minute. Invert the skillet over a plate, and allow the egg crepe to drop onto the plate. Repeat to make 10 crepes total, brushing the skillet with melted butter as needed and stacking crepes on the plate.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nButter a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish. Arrange 1 egg crepe on a work surface. Place some of the fontina and mozzarella cheese in the center of the egg crepe, then sprinkle with some basil. Roll up the crepe. Place the filled crepe in the prepared baking dish, seam side down. Repeat with the remaining egg crepes, cheese, and basil. Spoon the marinara sauce over the crepes. Sprinkle with the Parmesan and dot with 2 tablespoons of butter. Bake until the cheese melts and the top is golden, about 15 minutes.n12 cup extravirgin olive oiln2 small onions, finely choppedn2 garlic cloves, finely choppedn2 stalks celery, finely choppedn2 carrots, peeled and finely choppedn12 teaspoon sea salt, plus more to tasten12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more to tasten2 32 ounce cans crushed tomatoesn2 dried bay leavesnIn a large casserole pot, heat the oil over a mediumhigh flame. Add the onions and garlic and saute until the onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the celery, carrots, and 12 teaspoon of each salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and bay leaves, and simmer uncovered over low heat until the sauce thickens, about 1 hour. Remove and discard the bay leaf. Season the sauce with more salt and pepper, to taste. The sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cool, then cover and refrigerate. Rewarm over medium heat before using.nYield: 2 quartsnPrep Time: 10 minutesnCook Time: 1 hour 10 minutes, ingredients: [6 large eggs, 13 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons about unsalted butter, 8 ounces fontina cheese, cut into 12inch cubes, 8 ounces fresh waterpacked mozzarella, drained, cut into 12inch cubes, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, 1 cup Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Baked Cheese Crepes, picturelink: null}, 20602: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSift together the flour and salt in a bowl. In another bowl, beat together the eggs and milk until light and foamy. Stir in the dry ingredients just until incorporated. Pour the drippings into a 9inch pie pan, cast iron skillet, or square baking dish. Put the pan in oven and get the drippings smoking hot. Carefully take the pan out of the oven and pour in the batter. Put the pan back in oven and cook until puffed and dry, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 eggs, 34 cup milk, 12 cup pan drippings from roast prime rib of beef], title: Yorkshire Pudding, picturelink: XjVu4zgWgZFRj9zPLBmING2le.a6xIy}, 20603: {instructions: Ask the butcher to spiral cut or jellyroll cut the fillet for you to create a flat, rectangular sheet of beef.nPound the meat with the heel of your hand to a thickness of about 12inch. Season with salt and pepper. Spread the pesto evenly over the meat, leaving a 1inch border along one of the long sides. Starting from the opposite long side, roll the meat into a log like a jelly roll.nUsing kitchen string and starting 12inch from one end, tie the meat in 8 places at equal intervals of approximately 1inch. Slice between the ties to create 8 pinwheels.nPrepare a hot fire in a charcoal grill, preheat a gas grill, or preheat a stovetop castiron grill pan over high heat. Drizzle the meat with olive oil, then grill on both sides, turning once, until done, to your taste. Let rest for a few minutes, then remove the strings and serve.nPrepare a bowl of ice water. Bring a saucepan of water to a boil. Put the basil in a sieve and plunge it into the boiling water, pushing the leaves down into the water and stirring them so they blanch evenly. Blanch for 15 seconds, then plunge the basil into the ice water to cool quickly. Drain immediately, squeeze the basil dry, and chop it roughly.nIn a blender, puree the basil with the oil, pine nuts, garlic, salt, and ascorbic acid. When well blended, add the cheese and whir briefly just to mix. Transfer to a bowl and adjust the seasoning.nYield: about 34 cup, enough for 1 pound pasta., ingredients: [2 pounds centercut beef fillet net weight after chain and silverskin are removed, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, and freshly ground black pepper, Basil Pesto made with only half the oil, recipe follows, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups firmly packed fresh basil leaves, 13 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch powdered ascorbic acid vitamin C, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: SpiralCut Fillet of Beef with Pesto, picturelink: null}, 20604: {instructions: Add the apples and raspberries to a medium pot over medium heat. Fill the pot with water until it is level with the fruit and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the fruit begins to soften, about 10 minutes. Once softened, use a wooden spoon to lightly mash the fruit, concentrating on the raspberries. Let simmer for 5 more minutes. Line a finemesh sieve with cheesecloth and put over a bowl. Pour the contents of the pot into the sieve and using the wooden spoon, press all of the moisture out and, if necessary, release the cheesecloth from the sieve and squeeze out the excess juice. Add sugar, to taste, and refrigerate until cold or serve over ice in glasses., ingredients: [6 apples, cored and roughly chopped, 1 pint raspberries, Sugar, to taste], title: RaspberryApple Juice Twist, picturelink: null}, 20605: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted, about 8 minutes set aside.nMelt 1 stick butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the brown sugar and heavy cream boil until slightly thickened, about 4 minutes. Stir in the vanilla, vinegar, rum, salt and the toasted pecans. Pour all but 12 cup of the pecan mixture into an 8inchround, 3inchdeep cake pan. Refrigerate until almost set, about 15 minutes. Set the remaining pecan mixture aside at room temperature.nPut the remaining 12 stick butter in a microwavesafe bowl microwave until melted. Put the granulated sugar in another bowl. Pinch off tablespoonfuls of dough and roll into 1inch balls. Dip the balls in the melted butter, letting the excess drip off, then roll in the granulated sugar arrange in the prepared cake pan in 2 layers, leaving a bit of space between the balls. Let rise, uncovered, in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour, 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the bread until puffed and golden brown a thermometer inserted into the center should register 175 degrees F, about 55 minutes tent with aluminum foil if the top is getting too dark. Remove the bread from the oven and spread the reserved 12 cup pecan mixture on top. Transfer to a rack and let cool 10 minutes in the pan, then invert onto a plate. Pull off pieces to serve.nPhotograph by Johnny MillernWarm 12 cup water and the milk in a saucepan over low heat until a thermometer registers 100 degrees F to 110 degrees F. Remove from the heat and sprinkle the yeast on top, then sprinkle with a pinch of the sugar set aside, undisturbed, until foamy, about 5 minutes.nWhisk the melted butter, egg yolk and vanilla into the yeast mixture until combined. In a large bowl, whisk the flour, the remaining sugar, the salt and nutmeg. Make a well in the center, then add the yeast mixture and stir with a wooden spoon to make a thick and slightly sticky dough. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until soft and elastic, about 6 minutes. Shape into a ball.nBrush a large bowl with butter. Add the dough, turning to coat lightly with the butter. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature until the dough is doubled in size, about 1 hour, 15 minutes.nTurn the dough out of the bowl and knead briefly to release excess air reform into a ball and return to the bowl. Lightly butter a large piece of plastic wrap and lay it directly on the surface of the dough. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight., ingredients: [1 cup chopped pecans, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 batch Basic SweetRoll Dough, recipe follows, without nutmeg, 12 cup whole milk, 1 14 ounce packet active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 14 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, plus more for brushing, 1 large egg yolk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg optional], title: Sticky Monkey Bread, picturelink: t9jBvOfEzq4mS5vOnnZMPqphcVojHue}, 20606: {instructions: Combine coconut milk, soy sauce and curry powder in a large saucepan. Set aside.nPlace pork or beef, scallions, leek, cornstarch, flour, sesame oil, ginger, chile, and salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl. Knead by hand until thoroughly combined and the mixture becomes sticky. To make ahead: Cover and refrigerate the meatball mixture for up to 2 days.nDivide into 10 equal portions, about 14 cup each. Roll each portion into a ball.nHeat olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, swirling to coat the sides. Add the meatballs and cook, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels.nBring the coconutmilk mixture to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add meatballs cover, reduce heat to low and cook for 8 minutes.nIn large saucepot, prepare spaghetti in boiling water as label directs drain and keep warm.nSpoon meatballs and sauce over spaghetti. Garnish with basil and lemon zest. Serve hot.nPlease note this contestant had an almost identical recipe published in Cooking Light Magazine in 2002. Its reprinted online at myrecipe.com  It is her recipe however. Permission might legally have to be gotten from the magazine., ingredients: [1 cup lite coconut milk, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 pound lean ground pork or beef, 12 cup chopped scallions, 14 cup minced leek, white and pale green part only, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons seeded and minced fresh chile pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 ounces spaghetti or spaghettini, 14 cup chopped fresh basil or Thai basil leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest], title: Spaghetti with Lions Head Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 20607: {instructions: LINE 8 or 9inch square pan with wax paper, extending paper over edges of pan.nHEAT sweetened condensed milk and peanut butter in heavy saucepan over medium heat until just bubbly, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Stir in white chocolate until smooth. Immediately stir in peanuts and vanilla.nSPREAD evenly in prepared pan. Cool.nCHILL, covered, 2 hours or until firm. Remove from pan by lifting edges of wax paper. Cut into squares., ingredients: [1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 12 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 2 6 oz. pkgs. white chocolate squares or white baking bars, chopped, 34 cup chopped peanuts, 1 tsp. vanilla extract], title: Eagle Brandandreg Peanut Butter Fudge, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 20608: {instructions: Game Plan: Make the vinaigrette while the leeks cook.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat, then salt it generously. Trim the root end of the leeks, leaving enough to hold the leaves together, and halve lengthwise. Rinse very well under running water to flush out any grit trapped between the leaves. Add the leeks to the boiling water and cook until tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Transfer the leeks to a paper towellined plate to drain. Pat dry and lay them on a serving platter.nMeanwhile, whisk the vinegar, mustard, water, and the 34 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Gradually whisk in the olive oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream to make a smooth, slightly thick dressing. Drizzle the vinaigrette evenly over leeks, turn them to coat, and scatter the parsley and the tarragon, if using, over the top. Serve immediately or up to 2 hours later at room temperature., ingredients: [6 medium leeks, dark green tops trimmed, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon water, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for salting water, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 to 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, optional], title: Leeks with Dijon Vinaigrette, picturelink: I5mHtgVvS1Tl8CxKTwA20O27qq4SfW}, 20609: {instructions: For the pulled pork: Mix the paprika, pepper, salt, chili powder, garlic powder and brown sugar in a bowl. Rub all over the pork. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour or up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Pour the beer into a roasting pan. Place the pork in the pan, cover with foil and bake until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 170 degrees F, about 6 hours. Remove the pork from the oven and let the meat rest for at least 20 minutes.nHeat the barbeque sauce in a saucepan over low heat. Keep warm. Shred the pork using two forks. In a large bowl, toss the pork with the warm barbeque sauce until well coated.nFor the coleslaw: Whisk together the mayonnaise, vinegar and granulated sugar in a large bowl. Add the cabbage and carrots and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper, cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. The coleslaw can be made up to 2 hours in advance.nTo serve, spoon the pulled pork mixture onto the bottom half of a brioche bun, and top with some coleslaw and the other bun half., ingredients: [3 tablespoons smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, One 5 to 7pound Boston pork butt, Two 12ounce bottles wheat ale beer, 1 cup storebought barbeque sauce, 1 14 cups mayonnaise, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 2 12 pounds green cabbage, cored and finely shredded, 1 large carrot, coarsely grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 brioche buns, split], title: Smoked Paprika DryRubbed Pulled Pork Sandwiches, picturelink: bhidZb.TFqB2ETYy2tHX3Z7mgtzT1q}, 20610: {instructions: Heat the canola oil in a large skillet, preferably cast iron, on high heat. Add the ground turkey and saute until browned, about 3 minutes. Add the onion and garlic and continue cooking until the turkey is cooked through. Add the chili powder, paprika, cumin, salt, and pepper and stir until evenly coated.nReduce the heat to medium low and add the canned tomatoes with juices or sauce and kidney beans and stir. Add the ketchup, salsa, tomato paste, and Sriracha stirring until well combined. Let simmer for at least 20 minutes. The longer it cooks, the spicier it will be.nServe over brown rice topped with Greek yogurt and shredded Monterey Jack cheese. Servings: 6, ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 pound ground turkey thigh or dark meat, 12 large red onion, chopped about 1 cup, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes, undrained or use tomato sauce for a thicker sauce, 1 15ounce can red kidney beans, drained and rinsed, preferably organic, 14 cup ketchup, preferably organic, 3 tablespoons salsa, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, A few dashes of Sriracha hot sauce about 12 teaspoon, Greek yogurt, for serving, Shredded Monterey Jack cheese, for serving, Cooked brown rice, for serving], title: Quick and Spicy Turkey Chili, picturelink: null}, 20611: {instructions: Peel the bananas and cut them into 14inch thick slices. Heat a skillet to moderately hot. Place the bananas in the skillet with the butter and brown sugar. When the butter is melted add the chile jelly. Toss the bananas around to coat them. Now add the rum to pan and carefully deglaze.nPlace a scoop of ice cream onto the center of 4 bowls. Arrange the bananas around the ice cream. Drizzle with the chocolate sauce. Serve.nToast the chilies in a dry skillet until they are very warm and fragrant. Put them in a saucepan with 1 quart of water and simmer on medium heat until the water is almost completely evaporated. Add the currant jelly, honey and vinegar. Bring to a boil. Now remove from the heat and process in a food processor thoroughly. Remove to a clean bowl and cool., ingredients: [4 ripe bananas, 2 12 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons of the prepared chile jelly, 3 tablespoons Myers dark rum, 4 scoops of premium vanilla or other favorite ice cream, Your favorite chocolate sauce, as desired, 2 ancho chilies, stems and seeds discarded, 2 chipotle chilies, stems and seeds discarded, 6 tablespoons red currant jelly, 6 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons Spanish sherry wine vinegar], title: Havana Bananas, picturelink: null}, 20612: {instructions: Preheat oven to 360 degrees F.nTo make the orange waffle, begin by mixing the icing sugar with the butter. Then mix in the orange juice and egg white. Finally, add the flour and mix. Keep it in the refrigerator for 20 minutes. Spoon the batter to create some circles on a silpat or parchment lined backing sheet and dust with grated orange peel.nBake for 4 minutes. Create quickly the desired forms to the waffle.nBreak the chocolate and warm up in a saucepan to approximately 100 degrees F. Beat in the egg yolk and the icing sugar. Remove the mixture from the heat and cool it while beating. Combine the melted chocolate and chocolate spread with the whipped cream. Pour the cream into the egg yolk mixture and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nTo serve the mouse, dip a spoon in a bowl of tepid water and spoon out the desired amount of mousse and create some quenelles to put on the orange waffle.nGarnish with some fresh berries and a dusting of confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 14 cups icing sugar, 13 cup butter, melted, 7 tablespoons orange juice, 14 cup egg white, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon grated orange peel, Fresh berries, for garnish, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, 4 ounces bitter chocolate, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon icing sugar, 1 tablespoon chocolate spread, 34 cup whipped cream], title: Lady Kisses, picturelink: 0kUZOl8g11BB8fOmzz0CheoObpE3mX.}, 20613: {instructions: Pick over beans, rinse and drain. Be sure to not fill the pressure cooker above the halfway mark. Combine ingredients in the cooker and cook for 22 to 25 minutes. For firm cooked beans, check for doneness after minimum time indicated. For soft cooked beans, add 2 extra minutes under high pressure. When cooking time is up, quick release pressure by placing cooker under cold running water. Drain immediately. Always clean the lid and vent thoroughly after cooking beans.nOptional presoak: Cook the beans under high pressure for 1 minute, using 4 cups of water per cup of dried beans. Quick release the pressure under cold running water, drain and rinse the beans. Always discard any loose or free floating bean skins before further cooking. Follow cooking instructions above but adjust cooking time to 7 to 10 minutes.nNote: Add 3 cups of water and 1 tablespoon of oil for each additional cup of beans., ingredients: [1 cup pinto beans, unsoaked, 4 cups water, 1 tablespoon oil], title: Pressure Cooked Pinto Beans, picturelink: null}, 20614: {instructions: Combine all of the sauce ingredients, mix and set aside. Sprinkle chicken with salt, pepper and paprika and place on the grill over medium heat. After about 5 minutes, turn the chicken and brush on sauce. Continue to turn, basting chicken with sauce as it cooks. After the chicken is done has reached 180 degrees F internally, remove from heat and brush one more time with orange sauce before serving., ingredients: [Chicken breasts, thighs andor legs about 2 pounds, Salt and Pepper to taste, Paprika, 34 cup Floridas Naturalu00ae Premium orange juice, 3 tablespoons garlic paste, 13 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup honey, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon hot sauce optional], title: BBQ Chicken with Orange Garlic Sauce, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 20615: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F and line a baking sheet with foil. Set aside 2 tablespoons cilantro leaves for the rice. Puree the remaining cilantro leaves and stems, the serrano, garlic, 14 cup water, the lemon juice, 2 tablespoons coconut, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a blender until smooth, adding up to 2 tablespoons more water if needed.nToss the chicken thighs with half of the cilantro sauce on the prepared baking sheet arrange skinside up. Season generously with salt and pepper. Roast until the skin is crisp and the chicken is cooked through, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the curry powder, turmeric and a few grinds of pepper cook, stirring, until toasted, 30 seconds. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until well coated, 1 to 2 minutes. Add 1 12 cups water and 12 teaspoon salt. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes.nFluff the rice with a fork. Stir in the cashews, the remaining 2 tablespoons coconut and the reserved 2 tablespoons cilantro. Serve with the chicken top with the remaining cilantro sauce.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 large bunch cilantro leaves and tender stems, 1 serrano chile pepper remove seeds for less heat, 1 clove garlic, Juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup sweetened shredded coconut, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 skinon, bonein chicken thighs about 212 pounds, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 1 cup jasmine rice, 14 cup salted roasted cashews], title: Indian Chicken with Cashew Rice, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 20616: {instructions: Stand 1 raspberry right side up in the bottom of 8 2ounce small plastic cups. Stick a toothpick in each berry so it is standing up straight. Carefully pour tangerine juice over the berry and freeze. Turn out of plastic cups and serve., ingredients: [8 whole raspberries, 16 ounces tangerine juice, 8 toothpicks], title: Tangerine Popsicles, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 20617: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine the turkey cubes, shallots, garlic, basil, parsley, thyme, and 2 tablespoons of the oil. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in the refrigerator, stirring occasionally, at least 6 hours or overnight.nPour 14 cup of the oil into a large saucepan. Heat the oil over high heat to 350 degrees. Add the leek and cook for 1 minute, until golden brown, being careful no to let the hot oil splatter. Using a slotted spoon, remove the leek from the oil and place on a paper towel to absorb any excess oil. Reserve.nRemove the turkey cubes from the marinade, discarding the marinade. Pat the turkey dry with paper towels and place in a medium mixing bowl.nSprinkle the flour over the turkey cubes and toss to coat thoroughly.nIn a large skillet, cook the turkey in 2 tablespoons of the oil over high heat for 5 minutes, until brown. Add the onions, celery, and carrots, and saute for 5 to 8 minutes, until the vegetables are crisp tender.nAdd the sherry to deglaze the pan, loosening any browned bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, until the liquid is reduced by 12, about 30 minutes. Add the chicken stock and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the bay leaf. Reduce the heat and simmer, until liquid is reduced by 12. Add the demiglace and bring to a boil over high heat. Remove from the heat.nIn another large skillet, saute the red cabbage, zucchini, and yellow squash in the butter and remaining oil over medium heat for 5 minutes, until the vegetables are soft. Add the tomato and saute for 2 minutes more, until the tomato is soft. Gently stir the vegetable mixture into the turkey mixture. Serve the stew over Herbed Spaetzle or egg noodles. Garnish with Cornmeal Fried Oysters and the reserved fried leeks.nPlace the cornmeal, flour, and eggs in separate dishes. Dip each oyster, first into the flour, then the egg, then the cornmeal to evenly coat. Place the coated oysters on a baking sheet and refrigerate until ready to fry.nPour the oil into a deepfatfryer or 4quart heavy saucepan. Heat the oil over high heat to 350 degrees if you drop a small amount of the cornmeal mixture into the oil and it sizzles, its hot enough. To prevent the coated oysters from sticking together, carefully drop them into the heated oil 1 at a time.nFry the oysters, a few at a time, for 2 minutes, until golden. Using a slotted spoon, remove the oysters from the oil and place on a baking sheet lined with paper towels to absorb any excess oil. Serve with lemon wedges.nYield:4 to 6 servingsnIn the bowl of an electric mixer, mix the flour, eggs, parsley, salt, thyme and rosemary on medium until combined.nSlowly beat in the water until the mixture is smooth. Beat about 5 minutes more, until the mixture becomes elastic.nIn a large saucepan, bring 2 quarts of lightly salted water to a boil over high heat. Place the dough in a potato ricer or a colander with large holes and press the dough through the ricer or colander into the boiling water with a wooden spoon. Cook for 2 minutes, until spaetzle float, stir occasionally.nUsing a sieve with a handle, remove the spaetzle and immediately place in an ice bath to cool quickly. Drain well. In a large skillet, saute the spaetzle in the butter over medium heat for 2 minutes, until golden brown and heated through. Serve immediately.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [3 pounds skinless, boneless turkey thighs, cut into 2inch cubes, 4 medium shallots, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 34 cup olive oil, 1 leek white part only, well rinsed and cut into 2inch strips, for garnish, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 medium yellow onions, diced, 4 celery ribs, diced, 3 large carrots, diced, 12 cup dry sherry, 4 cups 1 quart chicken stock, 1 bay leaf, 2 cups demiglace, homemade or storebought, 2 cups shredded red cabbage, 2 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise and sliced, 2 medium yellow squash, halved lengthwise and sliced, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, 12 cup chopped tomato, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Herbed Spaetzle, recipe follows, Cornmeal Fried Oysters, recipe follows, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 24 extralarge Bluepoint oysters, shucked, 4 cups 1 quart vegetable oil, for frying, 2 lemons, each cut into 4 to 6 wedges, for garnish, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 12 cup cold water, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Tavern Turkey Stew with Fried Oysters, picturelink: null}, 20618: {instructions: Open the ladyfingers and separate them.nStrain the frozen berries over a bowl, reserve juice. Combine defrosted raspberries with sliced strawberries and blackberries.nLine 4 martini glasses with a single layer of ladyfingers, letting the cakes overlap a bit at the stem. Press the cakes down a bit to fit the lines of the glass. Paint the ladyfingers with raspberry juice, liberally. Beat cheese with cream and sugar on low, 2 minutes. Spoon berries, then sweetened mascarpone into glasses. Top glasses off with a cap of the ladyfingers dotted with berry juice and more mixed berries., ingredients: [1 package ladyfingers, 1 package frozen raspberries, defrosted, 10 ounces, 8 large strawberries, sliced, 12 cup fresh blackberries, a couple of handfuls, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, available in specialty cheese case of supermarket, 13 cup heavy cream, 12 cup confectioners sugar], title: BerryMiSu: BerryMeUp, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 20619: {instructions: Cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9inch Bundt tube pan with cooking spray and set aside.nUsing a rubber spatula gently combine cake mix, juice, oil, and egg whites in a large bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes.nRemove 1 cup of batter and transfer to a small bowl. Stir in raspberry preserves and food color and mix until well combined.nPour half of white cake batter into prepared tube pan. Top with raspberry cake batter. Pour over the remaining half of white cake batter. Bake in preheated oven for 38 to 40 minutes, or until tester comes out clean. Remove and cool completely.nGlaze: Combine all glaze ingredients in a small saucepan and heat through over medium heat until syrupy.nIcing: Mix all icing ingredients in a small bowl with a whisk until a smooth thick consistency.nTo serve, turn tube pan over onto a serving plate and gently lift pan to remove cake. Drizzle icing and glaze over top and down sides of cake., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce white cake mix, 1 14 cups white cranberry juice, 13 cup vegetable oil, 3 egg whites, 6 tablespoons red raspberry preserves, 18 teaspoon red food color, 12 cup red raspberry preserves, 1 tablespoon white cranberry juice, 12 teaspoon raspberry extract, 5 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 cup powdered sugar, sifted, 18 teaspoon raspberry extract], title: Raspberry Ripple Cake, picturelink: HjunK5AwVTwAigFUz1yj6ntDjiKfA2i}, 20620: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill or grill pan to high heat. In a large bowl, toss the squid with salt and pepper to taste. Drizzle with olive oil and toss. Brush grill with vegetable oil. Place calamari on grill and cook each side until lightly charred, about 1 minute per side. Remove from heat and place in clean large bowl. Add garlic, lemon zest, chiles, 14 of the Roasted Garlic Vinaigrette, the minced parsley, capers, and scallions. Season with salt, pepper and lemon juice, to taste. Set aside until ready to use. In another bowl toss the fennel with the olives and 34 cup of Roasted Garlic Vinaigrette until just coated. Arrange a bed of fennel on a serving platter and set aside. Into the fennel bowl, lightly toss the baby arugula with remaining vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper. Arrange a wreath of arugula around the fennel. Top the fennel with the grilled calamari. Season with freshly ground black pepper.nRoasted Garlic Vinaigrette:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lay each garlic head root side down. Carefully halve each garlic bulb horizontally, revealing the garlic cloves. Lay each garlic head, cut side up, on a small piece of aluminum foil. Drizzle tops with about 1 tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil and fold up sides of foil, completely enclosing garlic. Repeat with remaining garlic. Place garlic bundles on baking sheet and bake until cloves are soft, about 1 hour. Remove garlic from oven and let cool about 10 minutes still sealed. Carefully squeeze the soft garlic out of the skins into the bowl of a medium sized food processor. Puree the garlic until smooth, adding a little olive oil if necessary. Leave about 5 tablespoons of the garlic puree in the food processor and store the remaining amount in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. To the food processor, add the mustard, vinegar, remaining olive oil, and water and puree until smooth and emulsified. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 pounds baby squid, cleaned, bodies scored lightly in a crisscross fashion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Vegetable oil, for brushing grill, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 1 to 2 fresh red chiles, seeded and finely chopped, 1 recipe Roasted Garlic Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 13 cup minced flatleaf Italian parsley, 13 cup capers, rinsed and drained, 3 scallions, trimmed and sliced paper thin on the bias, 5 heads fennel, trimmed and sliced paper thin, 1 cup green olives, preferably cerignola, pitted, and thinly sliced, 2 bunches baby arugula, trimmed, washed, and spun dry, 6 garlic bulbs, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup water], title: Grilled Calamari on a Bed of Shaved Fennel, picturelink: null}, 20621: {instructions: Melt butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add most of the shallots saving some for garnish and garlic to the pan. Cook until shallots become soft, about 6 minutes. Add oregano, thyme, red pepper flakes, minced onion, salt, and lemon juice to the mixture and simmer approximately 10 minutes. Add white wine and shrimp to the pan and simmer for 2 minutes on each side. Allow shrimp to rest for approximately 2 minutes to absorb flavors.nTo serve as an appetizer, plate 4 shrimp over fresh cuts of French bread. Ladle excess sauce over the dish. To serve as an entree, plate 8 shrimp over 4 ounces of linguine. Ladle excess sauce over the dish., ingredients: [3 pounds butter, 2 pounds shallots, coarsely chopped, 24 cloves fresh garlic, finely chopped, 6 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 6 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 12 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 4 12 ounces lemon juice, 4 12 ounces white wine, 24 large shrimp, head ontail on], title: Steamboat Natchez Sauteed Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 20622: {instructions: WHITE CHOCOLATE SAUCE: Place chocolate in a small bowl. Bring cream to a boil in heavy small sauce pan. Pour cream over chocolate, whisk until smooth.nCHOCOLATE SAUCE: In a small heavy saucepan combine the cream and the brown sugar, bring the mixture to a boil over moderately high heat, whisking occasionally. Once boiling, whisk until the brown sugar is dissolved. Remove pan from heat, add chocolates and whisk the mixture until they are melted. Whisk in butter and cinnamon until the sauce is smooth. Let the sauce cool slightly. The sauce may be made 1 week in advance and kept covered and chilled. Reheat the sauce over very low heat, stirring occasionally, until it is warm., ingredients: [6 ounces good quality white chocolate, 112 cups of whipping cream, 34cup heavy cream, 13cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 12stick 14cup unsalted butter, softened, 12tsp. cinnamon], title: White Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20623: {instructions: Preheat the oven and bake the Tater Tots as the label directs. Toss with 12 teaspoon chili powder and 14 teaspoon garlic powder season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, crumble the tofu on a paper towellined plate. Mix the ketchup and chili sauce in a bowl. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, celery, carrot and a pinch of salt. Cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon chili powder and 12 teaspoon garlic powder. Cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the tofu, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Add 34 cup of the ketchup sauce and 13 cup water simmer until thickened, 2 minutes.nPlace the bottom buns on a baking sheet. Top with the tofu mixture, the remaining ketchup sauce and the cheese. Bake until the cheese melts, 3 minutes. Add the pickles and top buns. Serve with the Tater Tots.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound frozen Tater Tots about 5 cups, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon chili powder, 34 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14ounce package extrafirm tofu, drained, 23 cup ketchup, 13 cup chili sauce such as Heinz, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 4 hamburger buns, split, 4 slices white cheddar cheese, Breadandbutter pickles, for topping], title: Vegetarian Sloppy Joes, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 20624: {instructions: Special equipment: 3 glass pint jars with lidsnBring the vinegar, 34 cup water, 3 tablespoons salt, the coriander seeds, mustard seeds, sugar, onions and chiles to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the salt and sugar. Reduce the heat, cover and let the brine simmer for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, pierce each egg all the way through about 6 times with a cake tester or toothpick. Put 2 eggs in each of 3 glass pint jars with lids, and tuck the celery and dill in around them. Ladle in enough brine to cover the eggs, add 2 more eggs to each jar and ladle in more brine to cover, leaving about 14 inch of space at the top. Close the jars, let cool to room temperature and refrigerate for at least 24 hours before serving.nTo serve, halve or quarter the eggs, and spoon some pickling liquid and vegetables over the top. The eggs will keep, covered by liquid and refrigerated, for up to 5 days., ingredients: [2 14 cups distilled white vinegar, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 small yellow or white onion, halved and thinly sliced, 12 to 1 Fresno or other hot red chile, thinly sliced, 12 hardboiled eggs, peeled, Tips from 9 inner celery ribs, 6 sprigs dill], title: Pickled Eggs, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 20625: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nRemove some of the grapefruit peel for a twist garnish, then cut the grapefruit in half. Place the grapefruit halves on a baking sheet fleshside up and sprinkle the sugar evenly over the tops. Place under the broiler until the sugar is caramelized, about 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, fill a highball glass with ice and add the vodka. Remove the toasty grapefruit and squeeze the juice into the glass. Top with the ginger ale and garnish with the grapefruit twist., ingredients: [1 Ruby Red grapefruit, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 ounces vodka, such as Titos, 2 ounces ginger ale], title: Ginger Grapefruit Fizz Cocktail, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 20626: {instructions: In a saucepan large enough to hold all the pears snugly, combine the water, sugar, ginger root, and vanilla bean. Stir over low heat until the sugar has dissolved and then increase the heat so that the liquid is simmering. Add the pears and poach them for 15 to 20 minutes, turning occasionally so that they are evenly covered by the syrup. The pears should be tender enough so that they can be easily pierced with a toothpick, and the cooking time will depend on their ripeness. Let cool, and refrigerate.nIn a food processor, process the almonds and the sugar with an electric mixer until smooth and flatly ground. Do not overprocess.nIn a large mixing bowl, cream the butter with an electric mixer until smooth and fluffy. Sift the almond powder and the flour over the top and combine to beat until smooth and fluffy. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, mixing the first one in thoroughly before adding the second. Add the rum and mix in thoroughly.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees and lightly oil a large baking sheet. Halve the poached pears and scoop out the cores. Slice each half pear thinly lengthwise and set aside, keeping together in their original shape. Unroll the phyllo and cut it into 4inch wide stacks. Separate the leaves of pastry and lay one single strip on the counter. Brush it with melted butter, and continue until you have a stack of 6 strips, buttering each one. Repeat until you have 6 stacks of buttered phyllo strips. Using a spatula, spread a layer of almond cream 14inch thick on the top layer of each phyllo stack. Slightly fan out a pear half on one end of each stack and roll the stack over about 1 12 times to form a flat strudel package. Brush the outside of the strudel with butter, and repeat with the remaining 5 pear halves and phyllo stacks. Transfer the strudels to the baking sheet. at this point the strudels could be refrigerated for up to 12 hours before cookingnBake the strudels for 10 to 15 minutes, or until golden and crispy. Cut them in half and place with cut sides up in the center of each of 6 dessert plates. Place a scoop of chocolate sorbet on the side and serve it at once, ingredients: [4 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 pieces fresh ginger, peeled and sliced 12inch thick, 1 vanilla bean, split, 3 Williams pears, or other sweet firm pears, peeled, 34 cup blanched slivered almonds, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, 12 tablespoon dark rum, 12 pound phyllo pastry, thawed, 12 cup clarified butter, melted, Chocolate sorbet or vanilla ice cream], title: Gingered Pear Strudel, picturelink: null}, 20627: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the cut sides of the spaghetti squash with the olive oil and some salt and pepper. Place the spaghetti squash cutside down on a large baking sheet and bake until the squash is tender and the flesh can be scraped with a fork into spaghetti strands, 40 to 45 minutes.nAllow to cool slightly. Using a large fork, carefully scrape the strands of spaghetti squash into a large bowl, roughly separating them as you go. While still warm, drizzle with the truffle oil, sprinkle with the ParmigianoReggiano and parsley and season to taste with pepper. Toss gently and serve., ingredients: [2 medium spaghetti squash, split lengthwise and seeded, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons truffle oil, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Roasted Spaghetti Squash with ParmigianoReggiano and Truffle Oil, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 20628: {instructions: Set up grill for indirect cooking over medium heat. Spray 9 by 13inch foil pan with cooking spray set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, beat with an electric mixer on low speed, cake mix, butter, egg, and food coloring until combined. Press cake mixture into prepared pan set aside.nIn a medium mixing bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar on medium speed until creamy. Add eggs and vanilla, beat to combine. Spread cream cheese mixture over cake layer.nPlace foil pan in a second foil pan for stability and insulation. Place on hot grill away from heat. Cover and bake 40 to 50 minutes. Rotate pan halfway through baking.nRemove from grill and cool completely before cutting.nINDOOR: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 9 by13inch baking pan lightly with cooking spray set aside. Prepare bars as directed. Bake in preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes, or until bars barely start to pull away from sides. Cool completely before cutting., ingredients: [1 box 18 14 ounces German chocolate cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 1 stick butter, softened, 1 egg, 1 ounce red food coloring recommended: McCormick, 16 ounces cream cheese, softened recommended: Philadelphia, 12 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract recommended: McCormick], title: Red Velvet Bars, picturelink: 5hqBMlzLZeBNUy11CwKJLeEthjXRJqG}, 20629: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Put the corn on a rimmed baking sheet broil, turning, until lightly charred on all sides, 5 to 8 minutes. Alternatively, char the corn directly over a gas burner or on a grill over mediumhigh heat. Transfer to a cutting board let cool slightly, then cut off the kernels and transfer to a bowl. Working over the bowl, run the back of a chefs knife down the cobs to extract the juices discard the cobs.nMelt the butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add all but 2 tablespoons of the scallions, the celery, sweet potato, thyme, cayenne, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Cook, stirring, until softened, 3 minutes. Sprinkle in the cornmeal cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, 1 minute. Add the corn, its juices and 5 cups water. Increase the heat to high and bring to a simmer. Adjust the heat to maintain a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sweet potato is tender and the soup has thickened slightly, 15 minutes.nReduce the heat to medium low and stir in the chicken and milk. Cook until the chicken is warmed through, 2 to 3 minutes do not boil. Season with salt and black pepper. Top each serving with the reserved scallions and serve with the dinner rolls.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [2 ears of corn, husked, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 scallions, sliced, 1 celery stalk, diced, 1 large sweet potato, peeled and chopped, 1 12 teaspoons chopped thyme leaves from 4 large sprigs, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup cornmeal, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken breast about 10 ounces skin removed, 12 cup whole milk, 4 wholegrain dinner rolls, for serving], title: Roasted Corn and Chicken Chowder, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 20630: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.nPrepare the Tomato Salsa Cruda. Season the chicken and chayote with salt and pepper, place them in a baking dish, and roast for 30 to 35 minutes. Cool and remove the skin and bones from the chicken and tear into small strips. Cut the chayote into bitesize chunks. Toss the chicken and chayote with the Tomato Salsa Cruda and set aside.nTo assemble the chalupas, place two crisp tortillas on each plate, overlapping them. Place the lettuce on top of the tortillas, then mound the chicken and chayote mixture on the lettuce. Garnish with the Cotija cheese, sour cream, and cilantro.nIn a bowl, place the tomatoes, chilies, onion, lime juice, salt, and pepper. Mix well. Store in a covered container, in the refrigerator, no more than 1 day., ingredients: [1 cup Tomato Salsa Cruda, recipe follows, 4 chicken breast halves, bone in, 1 chayote, peeled, cut in half, and center seed removed, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 corn tortillas, toasted crisp in the oven, 1 head Romaine lettuce, cut in thin strips, 2 ounces crumbled Cotija cheese, 4 tablespoons nonfat sour cream, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, 4 Italian Roma tomatoes, cored and chopped, 1 to 2 serrano chilies, chopped, 14 small onion, chopped, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Chalupas, picturelink: null}, 20631: {instructions: Drizzle 2 sheets of foil with olive oil sprinkle each with 14 cup sliced almonds and 34 teaspoon crushed coriander seeds. Brush four 6ounce trout fillets with more olive oil season with salt and pepper. Place each fillet, skinside down, on top of the nuts. Top with a few orange slices leave the peel on, then add another fillet, skinside up, to form a trout sandwich. Sprinkle with more almonds and coriander seeds. Fold up the foil sheets and grill over high heat until the fish is just cooked through and the almonds are toasted, 8 to 10 minutes. Carefully loosen the almond crust from the bottom of the foil with a spatula.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Citrus Trout Almondine, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 20632: {instructions: Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add 12 cup flour, the cayenne pepper and 12 teaspoon salt cook, stirring with a wooden spoon to make a dry, stiff mixture, about 3 minutes. Gradually whisk in the milk to make a smooth paste. Stir until the batter forms a ball, about 3 more minutes.nRemove from the heat stir in the ham, cheese and thyme. Spread the mixture evenly into a greased 8inch square baking pan. Cool, then refrigerate until firm, at least 45 minutes and up to 1 day.nMeanwhile, make the pea sauce: Bring 3 cups water and the garlic to a boil in a saucepan. Add the peas cook until thawed, 30 seconds. Drain, then transfer the peas and garlic to a blender. Add the broth and lemon zest puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nHeat about 3 inches of oil to 340 degrees in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Place the remaining 14 cup flour, the eggs and the saltine crumbs in 3 separate shallow dishes. Cut the chilled dough into 20 4inchlong croquettes. Dredge each in flour, then dip in the eggs, letting the excess drip off, and roll in the saltines.nFry the croquettes in the oil in batches until golden brown. Drain on a papertowellined plate. Season with salt and serve with the pea sauce.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup chopped onion, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 1 cup milk, 1 cup diced thinly sliced ham, 12 cup grated white cheddar cheese, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 3 small cloves garlic, smashed, 1 10ounce box frozen peas, 34 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 sleeve saltines 40 crackers, roughly crushed], title: Vinces HamandCheese Croquettes, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 20633: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crepes: Combine the eggs, milk, flour, cocoa powder, sugar and salt in a blender or bowl. Blend or whisk by hand until the mixture forms a smooth batter.nPreheat a 10inch nonstick crepe pan or skillet over mediumlow heat. Melt 1 cube of butter in the pan. Add 14 cup of batter and quickly tilt the pan to form an even coating of batter on the bottom of the pan. Cook until set, about 1 minute. Using a heatresistant spatula, carefully loosen the sides and gently flip the crepe over. Cook for 1 minute. Repeat with the remaining batter and butter.nFor the filling: Mix the jam and mascarpone in a small bowl until smooth.nSpread each crepe with 3 tablespoons of the jam mixture leaving a 12inch border. Fold the two opposite ends of each crepe inward and roll into a tube shape. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Arrange the crepes on a platter.nHeat the chocolatehazelnut spread over low heat in a small saucepan, stirring constantly, until warm. Spoon over the crepes and serve., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 1 cup milk, at room temperature, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12 cubes, 1 cup strawberry jam, 1 cup mascarpone, at room temperature, 34 cup chocolatehazelnut spread, such as Nutella], title: ChocolateStrawberry Crepes, picturelink: lQEC89hUAq1tZGpldjG8WvvqqKj3CR2}, 20634: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Guava Glaze:nCombine all ingredients and simmer in a large saucepan for 2 hours at very low heat.nFor the Pork Loin:nSeason pork loin with Adobo and stuff with the garlic cloves. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 18 minutes per pound. When meat is nearly fully cooked, baste with guava glaze and cook for another 5 to 10 minutes. Place on a serving platter., ingredients: [2 tablespoons garlic, minced, 1 cup onion, minced, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 18ounce can guava marmalade, 1 8ounce can tomato salsa, 4 tablespoons dark corn syrup, 3 tablespoons white vinegar], title: Guava Glazed Pork Loin, picturelink: nAIqdFd0d5ue3GFFTz1NKXwHPSB00i}, 20635: {instructions: For the shell stock: In a large saucepan over low heat, add the oil and sweat the prawn shells with the onion, thyme, bay leaves, peppercorns, lemon, and tomato for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the white wine and water and simmer for 45 minutes. Strain and reserve.nFor the chowder: In a large saucepan over low heat, add the oil and sweat the onions with the bacon and celery for 5 to 6 minutes. Add the potatoes and sweat for another 5 minutes. Add the thyme, shell stock, and cream and bring to a simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Add the salmon and season with salt, pepper, and lemon juice. For service, garnish with tarragon and chives.n, ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 20 prawn shells, 12 onion, diced, 14 bunch fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 lemon, peeled, 1 Roma tomato, seeded and diced, 12 cup white wine, 4 12 cups water, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 large sweet onions, cut into large dice, 12 pound bacon, cooked and cut into 14inch cubes, 12 stalk celery, cut into large dice, 4 medium Yukon gold potatoes, cut into large dice, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 pounds wild king salmon, cut into 34inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon minced fresh tarragon, 1 teaspoon minced fresh chives], title: Salmon Chowder, picturelink: null}, 20636: {instructions: For the burgers: Divide the meat into fourths and shape into burgers. Brush on both sides with the bbq sauce and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side.nFor the ketchup: Use side burner or grill top. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium high heat. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add mango and cook for 5 minutes, or until soft. Add cinnamon, allspice, cloves and habanero and cook an additional 2 minutes. Place the mango mixture in a food processor and add the vinegar and honey. Process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve cold or at room temperature.nFor the slaw: Place vinegar and oil in a small saucepan and bring to a boil Place 34 of the cabbage in a large bowl and add the hot vinegar mixture and stir well. Add the caraway seed and season with salt and pepper to taste. Mix together all ingredients and season with salt and pepper to taste. Let sit at room temperature for 1 hour, until wilted. Just before serving, add the remaining raw cabbage., ingredients: [1 pound buffalo meat, finely ground, 1 cup BBQ sauce Mesa or your favorite brand, Salt and pepper, 8 slices rye bread, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 mango, peeled and coarsely chopped, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon allspice, Pinch of ground cloves, 1 habanero pepper, coarsely chopped, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 large head red cabbage, finely shredded, divided, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 slices rye bread], title: BBQ Buffalo Burger with Mango Ketchup and Red Slaw, picturelink: null}, 20637: {instructions: Rinse the strawberries in cool water, place in a colander or strainer and shake off most of the water. Slice strawberries about 18inch thick, place them in a large bowl, and sprinkle them with the sugar. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, and up to 4 hours. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Toss strawberries with the black pepper, add the balsamic vinegar, and put the strawberries and all of their juices into a large saute pan or a large ovenproof dish. Roast for 8 to 10 minutes, until the juices are bubbling and the strawberries are hot but not mushy. Divide among individual dishes and serve immediately, with ice cream or whipped cream if desired., ingredients: [2 pint baskets strawberries, stems removed, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Roasted Strawberries with Black Pepper, picturelink: null}, 20638: {instructions: Combine the oil, thyme, brown sugar, allspice, lime juice, garlic, chile peppers, ginger, scallions, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper in a food processor and pulse until smooth.nCoat the turkey legs in the jerk marinade and refrigerate at least 4 hours and up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSpread the turkey legs on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until the skin is golden brown all over and the turkey is cooked through an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the meat, avoiding bone, should register at least 165 degrees F, 45 to 50 minutes.nServe the turkey legs topped with the cilantro, with lime wedges on the side., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 34 teaspoon ground allspice, Juice of 3 limes, plus wedges for serving, 3 cloves garlic, 1 to 2 Scotch bonnet or habanero peppers, stemmed, One 1inch piece peeled ginger, 1 bunch scallions, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 turkey drumsticks about 4 12 pounds total, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Jerk Turkey Legs, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 20639: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd potatoes and garlic to a medium pot and fill with enough cold water to cover the potatoes by an inch. Season with salt and bring water to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until potatoes are soft, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, fry bacon in a skillet until crisp. Set aside on a paper towel to drain. Roughly chop and reserve.nDrain potatoes and garlic and place them back in the pot with the cheese, heavy cream, butter and chopped bacon. Roughly mash, adding more cream if needed. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 pounds red new potatoes, quartered, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 5 to 6 strips bacon, 14 pound Gorgonzola cheese, room temperature, 14 cup heavy cream, room temperature, 1 tablespoon butter, room temperature, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Red, White and Blue Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: iwRCKjatLHGS9VI15VA.ZC3SKKr7ZBa}, 20640: {instructions: Arrange an oven rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the broiler. Toss the chicken with the vegetable and sesame oil and sprinkle with the salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl. Arrange the chicken on a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet. Broil the chicken, turning after 10 minutes, until the chicken is golden brown, crisp and cooked through, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the vinegar and crushed red pepper in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Remove the saucepan from the heat and whisk in the honey, hoisin and soy sauce. Pour into an extralarge bowl. Add the chicken to the bowl and toss with the honey glaze. Transfer the chicken to a platter and garnish with the scallions and sesame seeds., ingredients: [12 chicken wings, wing tips removed, split at the joint, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 14 cup rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons crushed red pepper, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons black and white sesame seeds, for serving], title: Honey Hoisin Glazed Wings, picturelink: VbkHoTpZScbXio0vB6HlIoYWyYaTTe}, 20641: {}, 20642: {instructions: Bring about 3 quarts of water to a boil. Add the wine, coriander, salt, red pepper, thyme, bay leaves, garlic and lemon to the boiling water, and then reduce the heat and simmer, 10 to 15 minutes.nPlace the lobster in the pot and simmer, 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and let the lobster sit in the hot water 10 minutes.nPlunge the lobster into a salted ice bath. When completely cool, remove from the ice and serve., ingredients: [1 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper, Bundle thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 head garlic, halved horizontally, 1 lemon, halved and squeezed, One 1 to 2pound Maine lobster], title: Poaching Liquid for Lobster Court Bouillon, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 20643: {instructions: Photograph by Antonis AchilleosnMix 3 tablespoons melted butter with a pinch of salt and cayenne. Lay out rounds of refrigerated biscuit dough on a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Brush with the butter top with shredded cheddar and chopped chives. Fold into halfmoons and crimp to seal, then bake as the label directs. Brush with more butter., ingredients: [No Ingredient Line], title: CheddarChive Turnovers, picturelink: null}, 20644: {instructions: Place potatoes in a medium saucepan, cover with cold water, heat to boiling, reduce the heat and simmer until cooked through, about 12 to 16 minutes. Drain in a colander. Immediately place potatoes back in pot you cooked them in and place on same burner, which has been turned off. Stir occasionally over next 5 minutes to let potatoes dry out.nIn a small saucepan, warm buttermilk over medium low heat. Do not boil. Pass potatoes through a ricer or food mill. Alternatively, leave potatoes in pot and mash by hand using a potato masher or wooden spoon. Stir in enough warmed buttermilk to obtain desired consistency. Add salt and cracked black pepper to taste, stir until combined. Add sambal oelek, a teaspoon at a time, tasting after each addition. Serve immediately.nMORPH: The morph on this is a simple dish called baked egg mashed potatoes. All you do is place leftover mashed potatoes in a shallow baking dish. Make wells, crack eggs into the wells, cover with a thin layer of cheese and bake until the eggs are set., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, cut into even sized, large chunks, 34 cups lowfat buttermilk, Salt and cracked black pepper, 2 12 tablespoons sambal oelek, more or less to taste], title: Chili Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 20645: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a clean coffee grinder. Rub on chicken directly or coat in a plastic storage bag. Make sure chicken is dry before applying., ingredients: [14 cup paprika, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons granulated onion, 2 teaspoons peppercorns, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 2 tablespoons cumin seed, toasted, 3 tablespoons coriander seed, toasted, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 whole chicken, cut in pieces], title: Barbecue Dry Rub, picturelink: null}, 20646: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the spaghetti and cook for 12 minutes.nDrain the pasta, and put it in a large bowl. Add the salsa and toss to coat the spaghetti. Let come to room temperature and then refrigerate until cold.nCooks Note: Duff points out it doesnt look too bad, but when its cold, its going to feel like blood and guts and snot and spit everywherenPeel the grapes and put them in a bowl. Pour in enough olive oil to coat the grapes and toss. YucknCooks Note: Tips for peeling a grape: Grapes have a natural hole. Start at the hole and peel off 1 side. Go all the way around and try to remove the peel in 4 pieces. If youre lucky, you can get it in 3 pieces. The reason to peel the grapes is to make the texture smooth and blemishless. This will make them feel more gross when theyre covered in oil. With the skin off, grapes feel just like the surface of your eyeball.nDrain the water from the tofu and put it into a bowl. Squeeze the tofu between your fingers to get it all mushy. Pour a little olive oil on top for that extra ick effect. Crack 2 eggs on top of the icky tofu mess. Squeeze your fingers through it to mix the eggs and tofu together.nNow it should totally gross people outnCut the pumpkin seeds in half Duff doesnt say which way, but he does say this is dangerous. MAKE SURE MOM OR DAD CUTS THE PUMPKIN SEEDS THIS IS NOT A STEP FOR KIDS. Make a small slit at 1 end of each of the Vienna sausages. Stick a pumpkin seed into each slit so that it will feel like a fingernail.nArrange the severed fingers in a bowl. Spoon some slimy, gooey piping gel over the fingers. Pour on a healthy dash of olive oil. Very gently, use your fingers to coat the sausages in the oil and the gel so it feels like theyre floating in gooey, congealed blood.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, 1 jar thick and chunky salsa, Grapes big plump grapes work best, Olive oil, enough to cover grapes, 1 block firm tofu, Olive oil to touch, 2 eggs, 1 can Vienna sausages, Pumpkin seeds, dried the smaller and flatter they are, the better. You can use the seeds from your jack o lantern, Geoffs piping gel Duff doesnt suggest a substitute ingredient if you dont have access to piping gel. It looks like vaseline., A few dashes olive oil], title: Trick Foods, picturelink: khgjRrA5JWa9Zjd37AU43ihjgbDXE56}, 20647: {instructions: Combine the ice cubes, onions and 1 cup water in a small bowl. Let the onions soak for 10 minutes while preparing the rest of the salad, then drain and pat dry.nCook the bacon in a small nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat until crispy, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain, reserving 1 teaspoon drippings for the dressing. Finely chop the bacon strips and reserve.nWhisk the buttermilk, sour cream, lemon zest and juice, reserved bacon drippings, 34 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Add the broccoli, onions and golden raisins to the dressing. Toss well, cover and chill for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.nBefore serving, toss well and season with additional salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving dish and top with the chopped bacon and sunflower seeds., ingredients: [2 strips lowsodium bacon, 12 cup ice cubes, 12 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup buttermilk, 13 cup reducedfat sour cream, 14 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 12 cups broccoli florets about 1 pound, cut into bitesize pieces, 13 cup golden raisins, 2 tablespoons salted roasted sunflower seeds], title: LightenedUp Creamy Broccoli Salad, picturelink: RHUXm34wK9wHDxNP06zxgzXw74lg5LG}, 20648: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLay the bacon on a sheet pan and bake for 15 to 20 minutes until the bacon is really crispy. Dry on paper towels and serve., ingredients: [8 to 10 slices Applewood centre cut smoked bacon], title: Roast Bacon, picturelink: null}, 20649: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough balls to form 2 long rectangles and put them onto parchment lined baking sheets.nPut the olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the red pepper flakes. Allow the flakes to sizzle and season the oil. Add the prosciutto and onion and cook until browned, about 7 to 10 minutes. Stir in the pineapple. Divide the mixture and spread it over the 2 pizza doughs. Top each pizza with half the mozzarella cheese and a few grindings of black pepper. Cook until the cheese is melted, about 7 to10 minutes. Sprinkle with fresh chopped basil for a flavor boost. Slice each pizza on the bias with a pizza cutter and serve., ingredients: [7 ounces prepared pizza dough, divided into 2 balls, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 ounces prosciutto, chopped, 1 cup finely chopped red onion, 1 cup chopped fresh pineapple, 14 cup reducedfat shredded mozzarella, Freshly ground black pepper, Chopped fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Suzys Sweet and Swine Pizza, picturelink: null}, 20650: {instructions: Combine chicken broth and chicken in heavy large pot. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover partially, and simmer until chicken is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Using tongs, transfer chicken to large bowl. Cool chicken and broth slightly. Discard skin and bones from chicken. Cut chicken meat into bitesize pieces and reserve. Spoon fat off top of chicken broth.nReturn broth to simmer. Add onion, carrots and celery. Simmer until vegetables soften, about 8 minutes. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover chicken meat and broth separately and refrigerate. Bring broth to boil before continuing.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add mushrooms and saute until they begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in lemon juice. Add mushrooms to broth stir in noodles, parsley and reserved chicken. Simmer until noodles are tender, about 5 minutes. Season soup to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 quarts canned lowsalt chicken broth, 1 3 12pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 12 cup chopped onion, 2 carrots, peeled, thinly sliced, 2 celery stalks, sliced, 2 tablespoons 14 stick butter, 1 cup mushrooms, quartered, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 8 ounces dried egg noodles, 12 cup finely chopped fresh parsley], title: OldFashioned Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 20651: {instructions: Place pasta water on to boil and cook linguini 8 minutes, to al dente in salted water. Drain and reserve. Keep warm.nPreheat a large, heavy skillet over medium to medium high heat. Add 1 turn of the pan or 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil and the pancetta or bacon. Cook pancetta or bacon 1 to 2 minutes alone, then add onions and cook another 2 or 3 minutes. Add mushrooms to the pan and cook together with the onions 3 to 5 minutes.nSeason veal strips with salt and pepper. In a second skillet preheated over medium high heat, add 1 12 turns of extravirgin olive oil and 1 clove smashed garlic. Quickfry half of the veal searing each side of the strips 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer cooked veal strips and garlic to a plate and repeat. Add all of the cooked strips and garlic to the onions and mushrooms then add wine to the pan and lift up all of the drippings. Cook wine down to evaporate the alcohol about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir olives and parsley into veal and mushrooms. Serve portions of veal, mushrooms and green olives on a bed of hot linguini tossed with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, butter and grated cheese., ingredients: [34 pound linguini, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, plus some for drizzling, 3 slices pancetta or bacon, chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, 16 crimini mushrooms or button mushrooms, chopped, 1 pound veal scaloppini, cut into 1inch strips, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 cup dry white wine, 16 pitted, large green olives, coarsely chopped, A handful chopped flatleaf Italian parsley, 1 tablespoon butter, cut into pieces, 13 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, a couple of handfuls], title: Veal Scaloppini with Wine, Mushroom and Green Olive, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 20652: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCut the sweet potatoes into 12inch squared strips fry shape and put them into a large bowl.nIn a small saucepan, combine the orange juice, 1 tablespoon of oil, salt and pepper, to taste, the ground ginger and cayenne pepper. Simmer for 2 to 3 minutes, whisking until reduced to a thick consistency. Remove from the heat, pour over the sweet potatoes and toss to coat.nRub 2 teaspoons of remaining vegetable oil on a rimmed nonstick baking sheet or use a silicone liner and omit oil. Arrange the sweet potato strips on the prepared baking sheet and bake until brown, about 25 minutes, turning after about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and transfer the potatoes to a serving dish. Eat and enjoy, ingredients: [2 large sweet potatoes, peeled, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus 2 teaspoons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste], title: Roasted Sweet Potato Fries, picturelink: lRbCO2fQz3hlssbtyNDpvcbuQfhHKuG}, 20653: {instructions: Pierce 4 russet potatoes with a fork microwave 15 minutes. Puree 14 cup toasted walnuts in a food processor with 14 cup each olive oil and grated parmesan and 1 garlic clove. Add 2 cups chopped kale and 12 cup grated Swiss cheese puree. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with the potatoes.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Potatoes with Kale Pesto, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 20654: {instructions: Creamy Grits: Bring stock and milk to a boil. Turn down to low, and slowly whisk in the grits. Cook, stirring occasionally for 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from heat, add salt and pepper, and cover for approximately 15 minutes while making the ragout.nMushroom Ragout: In a skillet, heat 4 tablespoons of the butter, add the sliced shiitakes and cook slowly, until softened and slightly browned. Add 2 more tablespoons of butter, and then add shallots, leeks, garlic, and thyme. Saute until soft then add Dijon mustard and demiglace. Stir in 2 more tablespoons of butter.nLadle the grits out onto warmed plates, and spoon the ragout over the grits. Top with gouda, grated, and frizzled leeks. Garnish with fresh watercress and serve at once.nSeason the flour with salt and pepper. Toss the leek slivers in the seasoned flour, and deep fry in canola oil until golden brown. Drain on paper towels, and keep warm in low oven., ingredients: [2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups milk, 1 cup stoneground grits recommended: Weisenberger, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, plus 2 tablespoons, plus 2 tablespoons, 8 ounces shiitakes, sliced, 2 tablespoons sliced shallots, 12 cup leeks, white part only, diced reserve tops for fryingfrizzling, 4 cloves garlic, diced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 cups rich demiglace chicken or veal, 14 pound gouda recommended: Kentucky Farmstead Cheese  can substitute with smoked gouda, Watercress, for garnish, Frizzled Leeks, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup thin slivers of the green leek tops, washed, Canola oil, to coat pan 1 inch], title: Creamy Kentucky Grits Topped with a Ragout of Local Shiitakes and Thyme,Topped with Kennys Gouda and Frizzled Leeks, picturelink: null}, 20655: {instructions: Place a pizza stone on the middle rack of the oven and preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, stretch or roll out each of the balls of dough into an 8inch circle. Brush each of the circles with the chili oil and start to layer, dividing the ingredients among the 4 pizzas. Start with the tomatoes, then the mozzarella and Fontina cheeses, the herbs, chicken, and Parmesan. Bake until the pizza crusts are nicely browned, 10 to 12 minutes.nToss the lettuce with the vinaigrette and season lightly with salt and pepper. Remove the pizzas from the oven, arrange the lettuce on each of the pizzas, and top with some of the shaved Parmesan. Cut into slices and serve immediately.nDissolve the yeast in the warm water. Add the honey and let sit for 5 minutes, until foamy. Put the flour in a food processor. Mix the 1 cup cool water with the olive oil and salt. With the motor running, pour the olive oil mixture and the yeast slowly in through the feed tube. Process until the dough forms a ball on the blade. Transfer the dough to an oiled bowl, cover and let rise until double in bulk. Punch down the dough and knead it on a lightly floured surface for 1 minute. Divide the dough into 4 equal portions and roll them into tight balls. Place on a tray, cover with a damp towel and let rest for several hours or overnight in the refrigerator.nRoll or stretch each bowl of dough into a 7 to 8inch circle. Place the circles, 1 at a time, on a wooden peel or on a baking sheet and build the pizza as desired.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a pot of boiling water, blanch tomatoes. Drain and refresh in ice water. Drain. Peel, core, cut into quarters, and remove seeds.nLine a baking tray with parchment paper and arrange the tomato quarters on the tray, cut side down. Drizzle generously with olive oil. Sprinkle with thyme and garlic. In a small bowl, combine salt, pepper and sugar, and sprinkle evenly over the tomatoes.nBake until the tomatoes begin to shrivel, about 1 hour. When the tomatoes are cool enough to handle, transfer to a container. Pour olive oil over and cover the container. Refrigerate and use as needed.nArrange the cubed chicken in a shallow medium bowl and toss with 12 cup olive oil, lime juice, jalapenos, garlic, and cilantro. Season with salt and let marinate for 1 hour, refrigerated.nIn a skillet or saute pan large enough to hold the chicken in 1 layer, heat the remaining tablespoon of oil. Remove the chicken from the marinade with a slotted spoon. Saute the chicken just to brown on all sides. Do not overcook. Remove from the skillet with a slotted spoon and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the egg, lemon juice, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, red pepper flakes, mustard, and anchovies. Slowly whisk in the oils to emulsify. Stir in the cheese and season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate, in a covered container. When ready to use, whisk again., ingredients: [Whole Wheat Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chili oil, 14 cup Oven Dried Tomatoes, recipe follows, 2 cups 8ounces shredded or grated mozzarella cheese, 2 cups 8ounces grated Fontina cheese, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 8 ounces Sauteed Spicy Chicken, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 10 ounces romaine lettuce, chiffonade, 12 cup Caesar Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounce freshly shaved Parmesan, 1 package yeast, 14 cup warm water, plus1 cup cool water, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 34 cups whole wheat flour, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Pinch salt, 12 medium Roma tomatoes 2 pounds, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus additional as needed, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 6 garlic cloves, crushed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 14 pounds skinned and bones uncooked chicken, cut into cubes to make 4 cups, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 3 12 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 large jalapeno peppers, seeded and minced, 1 garlic clove, minced, Pinch chopped fresh cilantro, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 anchovy fillets, mashed, Scant 1 cup peanut oil, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Caesar Chicken Pizza, picturelink: null}, 20656: {instructions: Scald the cream and pour over the chocolate. Stir occasionally until incorporated. If chocolate is not completely melted, heat gently over a hot water bath and stir until incorporated. Let cool at room temperature overnight. Transfer to a mixer attached with a paddle. At medium speed whip the chocolate and sesame paste until softened well. Using a little ice cream scoop, make small balls and refrigerate for 30 minutes. When chilled roll in toasted sesame seeds. These are the truffles Take half of the balls and wrap in the rice dough. In a pot of boiling water, poach balls for 3 minutes. Serve in bowl of broth.nFor the rice dough: In a bowl, combine the starches and slowly pour in the water, mixing constantly with a wooden pin. Add the oil and mix until well incorporated. You can use a mixer with a dough hook. Roll into a log 34inch diameter and cut into 12inch pieces. Roll out into small circles, 18inch thick.nFor the soup: In a saucepan, heat water, sugar and lemon grass until a simmer. Reduce by 50 percent. Let steep for 30 minutes. Strain the liquid and bring to a boil. Whisk into the boiling soup to thicken slightly.nPlating: In small soup plates, place 3 rice balls in some hot broth. For the truffles, serve on a plate garnished with cocoa powder., ingredients: [8 ounces callebaut bittersweet chocolate, chopped in small pieces, 4 ounces heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sesame paste, 12 cup toasted white sesame seeds, Cocoa powder, for garnish, 4 ounces wheat starch, 2 ounces tapioca starch, 8 ounces boiling water, 1 12 teaspoons sesame seed oil, 8 cups water, 12 cup sugar, 4 stalks lemon grass, white part chopped], title: Sticky Rice Sesame SeedChocolate Balls in a Lemongrass Soup and AlmondSesame Seed Truffles, picturelink: null}, 20657: {instructions: To make crepes: Mix ingredients together and stir until smooth. Drop by spoonfuls or 14 cup of mixture onto a hot, lightly greased nonstick 6inch pan. Crepes should form and become dry almost instantly as you swirl the pan and its contents. Turn crepe over to cook other side quickly. Remove cooked crepe to waxed paper to cool. They can be stacked with waxed paper between each and then placed in the freezer until youre ready to fill them. This makes about 9 crepes that can be filled with more than just ricotta. Use for cannelloni, blintzes, etc.nTo make ricotta filling: Whip all of the ricotta filling ingredients together. Place a spoonful of filling in the center of each crepe, then roll up, and tuck in the ends. Spread a little sauce on the bottom of a baking pan to evenly coat the pan. Then, arrange manicotti in pan loosely and cover with sauce. Bake at 425 degrees F, when the sauce bubbles, serve.nPrepare the meats: In a large skillet, brown all the meats in the olive oil. There is no need to cook the meats all the way through. Remember to pierce the sausage before cooking to allow fats and water to be released. Set meats aside.nPrepare meatballs: Combine all ingredients except the olive oil in a large bowl. Form the meatballs with your hands there should be about 12. Fry in the olive oil over medium heat until browned, but not cooked all the way through. Set aside.nFor the gravy: Saute garlic in the olive oil in the same skillet used to saute the meats. Add tomato paste and cook for a few minutes. In a large saucepot, combine the remaining ingredients except the meats and the tomato pastegarlic mixture and simmer. When the mixture begins to bubble, add all the meats and the meatballs. Stir about every 15 minutes, being sure to scrape the bottom of the pot to prevent burning and sticking. If the gravy seems too thick, add a little water at a time. Simmer for about 3 hours, keeping the lid of the pot slightly askew to prevent condensation of the gravy., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 cup milk, 1 egg, beaten, 12 teaspoon salt, Ricotta Filling:, 8 ounces fatfree cream cheese, 2 eggs, 2 pounds ricotta, Handful chopped fresh parsley, Black pepper, 14 cup grated mozzarella, 2 cups Vita Grecos Gravy, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound mixed chopped meat veal, pork and beef, 1 small package about 4 pork neck bones, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, 1 small lamb shank, 1 pound mixed chopped meat veal, pork, beef, 2 large eggs, 1 handful chopped fresh Italian parsley, Black pepper, 14 cup grated Locatelli Romano, 12 cup bread crumbs, 4 garlic cloves, sliced, Olive oil, for browning, 3 to 4 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 4ounce can tomato paste, 2 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, Black pepper, Salt, A few pinches sugar, 1 handful chopped fresh Italian parsley, 6 basil leaves, A few pinches grated Locatelli Romano, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 8ounce can water], title: Manicotti, picturelink: null}, 20658: {instructions: Mix together all the marinade ingredients in a small bowl. Arrange the chicken breasts in a shallow dish or plastic container, coat both sides of the chicken breast thoroughly, cover, and refrigerate for 2 hours. Saute or broil the chicken until the internal temperature of the chicken is at least 155 degrees., ingredients: [2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1teaspoon chile flakes, 1 teaspoons ground cumin, 6 boneless chicken breasts], title: Rub for Chicken Breast, picturelink: null}, 20659: {instructions: Place in a medium baking dish. Pour 2 cups of the barbecue sauce over chicken and let marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator. Remove from marinade, season with salt and pepper to taste and grill for 7 to 8 minutes on both sides or until tender and cooked through. Transfer chicken to a plate and let cool. Preheat oven to 450 degrees. When chicken is cool enough to handle, slice. Toss with the reserved 1 cup of bbq sauce. Place 8 tortillas on a flat surface and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of each of the cheeses and onion slices. Top with some chicken. Stack another tortilla on top and repeat. Top with the remaining 8 tortillas. Brush the top of the tortillas with oil and sprinkle with the chili powder. Place tortillas on a lightly oiled baking sheet and bake for 5 to 7 minutes or until golden brown and cheese has melted.nFor the Smoked Tomato Salsa: Mix all ingredients together and season with salt and pepper to taste.nFor the Buttermilk Dressing: Mix all ingredients together and season with salt and pepper to taste.nTo serve: Place 1 quesadilla on each plate and cut into quarters. Top with a dollop of salsa and drizzle with the buttermilk dressing., ingredients: [4 chicken thighs, boned about 1 pound, skin removed, 3 cups Mesa BBQ sauce or store bought, divided, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 24 6inch flour tortillas, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 2 cups shredded white cheddar cheese, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 8 cold smoked plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 12 serrano chile, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup sour cream, 34 cup buttermilk, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: BBQ Chicken Quesadilla with Smoked Tomato Relish and Buttermilk Dressing, picturelink: KNpdk32HHtJZM8.B0cbrPpqM0UU7bWC}, 20660: {instructions: Mix together pork, fennel seed, sage, salt, and pepper. Divide into 8 equal portions. Form a patty in your hand with the first portion. Flatten patty, place egg inside, and keep rolling egg and meat in the palms of your hands, until a thin layer of meat coats the eggs. Repeat this procedure until all the eggs are coated with pork mixture. Chill 20 minutes.nDredge chilled, coated eggs first in bread crumbs, then in eggs and bread crumbs again. Chill 15 minutes.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat oil in a large stockpot or saucepan to deep fry temperature 350 degrees F. Fry eggs, 2 or 3 at a time, until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Transfer to a roasting pan and bake 10 minutes. To serve, arrange a bed of Watercress Salad on each serving plate. Slice eggs in half and place 4 halves on top of each salad. Garnish with tomato slices and dollops of Horseradish and Mustard and Mayonnaise for dipping. Serve while eggs are warm.nWhisk together olive oil, lemon juice, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Tear watercress into bite sized pieces and toss with dressing. Reserve in refrigerator.nBlend ingredients together and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 3 tablespoons fennel seeds, 12 bunch fresh sage, chopped, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 8 hardcooked eggs, peeled and chilled, 3 cups fine, dry bread crumbs, 4 eggs, beaten, 4 cups vegetable oil, 1 recipe Watercress Salad recipe below, 2 tomatoes, sliced, Horseradish and Mustard and Mayonnaise recipe below, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 5 large bunches watercress, stems removed, leaves washed and well dried, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup freshly grated horseradish, 12 cup Dijon or stoneground mustard, White pepper to taste], title: Scotch Eggs, picturelink: null}, 20661: {instructions: In a 2gallon saucepot, combine fish stock, garlic, bay leaves, and thyme. Bring to a boil. Add roux and allow to thicken. Reduce heat and simmer slowly. Add dissolved file powder and simmer for 1 12 hours, skimming frequently.nIn separate saucepot, heat oil over medium heat. Add onion, celery, peppers, and tomatoes, and saute until tender. Add seafood and cook for another 10 minutes, being cautious not to overcook. Add this mixture to the gumbo base and simmer for another 10 minutes. Add salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper, to taste.nLadle into bowls and top each with 3 or 4 pieces of fried okra.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPour melted margarine into a baking pan, and mix in flour evenly. Bake for 45 minutes, stirring occasionally, until a dark brown color.nFill a large, heavy pot halfway full with oil. Heat oil to 350 degrees F.nMix eggs and water in a bowl. Put flour in a separate bowl. Put corn flour in a separate bowl. Dip okra in flour, then eggs, and then corn flour. Carefully add okra to oil and deep fry for 5 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate to drain., ingredients: [3 12 quarts fish stock, 2 ounces chopped garlic, 5 bay leaves, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cups dark brown roux, recipe follows, 12 cup file powder, dissolved in water, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large onion, diced, 12 bunch celery, diced, 2 green bell peppers, diced, 2 Creole tomatoes, seeded and diced, 34 pound crawfish tails, 1 pound medium shrimp, 34 pound backfin crabmeat, Salt and pepper, Cayenne pepper, Fried Okra, recipe follows, 1 cup margarine, melted, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 eggs, 1 cup water, 1 cup allpurpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, 2 cups Cajun corn flour, 2 cups okra, chopped], title: Seafood and Fried Okra Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 20662: {instructions: Bring a large stockpot of water to a boil. Add the crab seasoning, vinegar, peppercorns, bay leaves, lemons, garlic and parsley to the pot. Add the crabs and boil until they are red, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the crabs using a spider, and then let the crabs cool to the touch.nCrack the crabs over newspaper and pick out all their sweet meat. Serve with melted butter., ingredients: [3 heaping tablespoons crab seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 6 blue crabs, Melted butter, for serving, 2 dry bay leaves, 2 lemons, sliced in half, 2 heads garlic, split in half, 1 bunch fresh parsley, roughly chopped], title: Paulas SavannahStyle Blue Crabs, picturelink: null}, 20663: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 oldfashioned glassesnMake the Margaritas: Place all ingredients in a blender and blend on high until smooth, about for 1 to 2 minutes.nRun a lemon slice around the rims of the glasses to dampen them then dip them in a small plate of salt to coat.nPour the margarita into the prepared glasses, and garnish with lemon and lime slices., ingredients: [2 cups ice cubes, 1 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 34 cup water, 4 ounces tequila, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, Coarse margaritastyle salt, as needed, Lemon slices, for garnish, Lime slices, for garnish], title: Frozen Margaritas, picturelink: null}, 20664: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCrush cookies into crumbs. Cream together butter, amaretto, and sugar, sift in cocoa powder. Add amaretti crumbs and mix well. Fold in nuts and roll in parchment or waxed paper as you would a compound butter. Refrigerate overnight. Slice and serve cold., ingredients: [20 amaretti cookies, 12 cup butter, softened, 3 to 4 tablespoons amaretto liqueur, 13 cup superfine sugar, 13 cup cocoa powder, 13 cup chopped nuts almonds, walnuts, hazelnuts, etc.], title: Piedmontese No Bake Chocolate Amaretto Cookies, picturelink: Bjrplcqrknlt75CY909f4PsPjdrEOfm}, 20665: {instructions: Place popcorn, sugar, oil, chipotle and salt in a large kettle or pot with a tight fitting lid over medium heat. When corn begins to pop, shake the pot constantly. When popping slows, remove from heat and transfer popped kettle corn to a bowl.nTo keep the kettle corn sweet, omit the chipotle powder and adjust sugar to 13 cup., ingredients: [12 cup unpopped corn kernels, 14 cup white sugar, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon chipotle powder, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Hot N Sweet Kettle Corn, picturelink: null}, 20666: {instructions: In a small bowl sprinkle the gelatin over the 2 tablespoons cold water and let soften for 15 minutes. In a small heavy saucepan combine the sugar, honey, and the remaining 14 cup water, bring the mixture to a boil over moderate heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, and remove the pan from the heat. Add the gelatin mixture and stir until the gelatin is dissolved. Transfer the mixture to a metal bowl set in a bowl of ice and cold water and stir until cool. Add 2 cups of the cream, stir the mixture until cold, and with the mixer beat it for 3 minutes, or until thickened and almost double in volume. Add the remaining 12 cup cream, vanilla, and salt, beating, and beat the mixture for 30 seconds. Transfer to the ice cream freezer and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 2 tablespoons plus 14 cup cold water, 23 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 12 cups well chilled heavy cream, 1 12 tablespoons vanilla, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Honey Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 20667: {}, 20668: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.nAdd the butter to a large skillet over medium heat and add the mushrooms and garlic. Cook until browned, about 5 minutes, then add the wine and cook until evaporated.nMeanwhile, add the pasta to the boiling water and cook according to the package directions, leaning toward the al dente side. Do not overcook this will take 1 to 2 minutesnAdd the cream to the skillet with the mushrooms. Drain the pasta reserving some of the pasta water and add the pasta to the mushrooms, along with the fontina, Parmesan, Romano, goat cheese, 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Stir gently to combine, adding hot pasta water as needed for consistency. Dont overmix if there are little clumps of cheese here and there, its fine Taste and add more salt if needed. The mixing stage should happen very quickly.nTurn the pasta out into a large serving bowl. Sprinkle with parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [Salt, 1 tablespoon salted butter, 12 white button mushrooms, very thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, grated, 12 cup white wine, 1 pound angel hair pasta, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup grated fontina cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup grated Romano cheese, 12 cup goat cheese chevre, Freshly ground black pepper, Minced fresh parsley, for sprinkling], title: Pasta ai Quattro Formaggi, picturelink: 2NoUOQ78ix9OVD6cBAB8hZyKkL5IH7e}, 20669: {instructions: Sift the flour and salt into a bowl. Make a well and mix in eggs and milk.nBring a saucepan of water to a boil. Dampen a plastic cutting board and place dough mixture on it. Cut off strips of dough into water and cook for 3 minutes.nDrain spaetzle, rinse under cold water, and set aside.nIn a large skillet heat up butter and saute spaetzle until lightly brown. Toss with smoked ham and garnish with poached celery.nCut hearts in half lengthwise. Boil celery in salted water until fork tender, about 5 minutes and shock in cold water. Warm up butter in saute pan and saute celery until golden brown, about 2 minutes over low heat. Add white wine, salt, and pepper and simmer for 5 minutes. Serve alongside spaetzle., ingredients: [3 cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs beaten, 1 cup milk, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 pound smoked ham, diced, Poached celery, recipe follows, 6 celery hearts, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup white wine, Salt and pepper], title: Spaetzle with Smoked Ham and Poached Celery Hearts, picturelink: null}, 20670: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nTo prepare rib roast, remove the excess fat from the bottom of the roast, and then trim the layer of fat from the top rounded side. Save the trimmed fat.nIn a bowl, mix all the herbs well, and then add the salt and pepper and mix again. Next, add the oil, whisk to mix, and then apply to the exterior of the roast evenly on all sides. Top with the reserved trimmed fat. Roast until the internal temperature reaches 120 degrees F for mediumrare, about 2 12 hours. Then allow to rest for 10 minutes before carving.nServe with the pan drippings or sauce if preferred., ingredients: [One 10 to 12pound prime rib roast, at room temperature, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 12 cup fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 12 cup fresh tarragon leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 12 tablespoons ground pepper, 14 cup vegetable or grapeseed oil], title: Herb Crusted Prime Rib Roast, picturelink: d8PgfLbs808UvgFAUkZjioFDbx8T.GS}, 20671: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the bratwursts and brown on all sides, about 5 minutes total. Transfer to a plate.nLower the heat slightly between mediumhigh and medium, add the onions and fennel seeds and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until the onions are softened and lightly browned on the edges, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook just until softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the red cabbage and cook just until starting to wilt, 2 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the acai berry juice and vinegar. Nestle the bratwursts into the cabbage, partially cover the pot with a lid and cook at a low simmer until the cabbage is tender and the bratwursts are cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, divide the cabbage and bratwursts among 4 to 6 plates. Alternatively, this dish could be served familystyle on a large platter., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 large links or 8 small links bratwurst 1 12 pounds, 1 large yellow onion, halved and thinly sliced about 2 cups, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 1 12 to 2pound red cabbage, halved, cored and very thinly sliced about 8 cups, 1 cup acai berry juice, 12 apple cider vinegar], title: Bratwurts with SweetandSour Cabbage, picturelink: R71m9C3kO.KESO8EQOnx9PJXt4jN16}, 20672: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn bowl over double boiler, melt piloncillo, both chocolates, and butter. Allow mixture to cool.nIn another bowl, whisk the eggs, sugar, both extracts, and espresso until well mixed. Then pour cooled chocolate mixture in the eggs. Mix well then add the flour and walnuts. Add this mixture to a greased 9 by 13inch baking pan and bake for 25 to 30 minutes until brownies are well set.nWhisk cream until stiff, then add 1 tablespoon sugar and cinnamon canela.nCut a wedge of brownie and serve with dollop of canela crema., ingredients: [12 pound cone piloncillo, 6 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 6 ounces Mexican chocolate, 12 pound butter, 5 eggs, 2 12 cups sugar, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 3 teaspoon espresso, 1 12 cup flour, 12 pound walnuts, 1 cup cream, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon], title: Mexican Brownies with Canela Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 20673: {instructions: Place the drained beans, bay leaf, rosemary and spring water in a soup pot and bring to a rolling boil. Reduce heat and cover, removing any foam that appears. Beans will soften in about 40 minutes. Add a generous pinch of sea salt the last five minutes of cooking to keep the skins of the beans intact.nWhile the beans are cooking, saute the onion in olive oil with a pinch of salt over medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the garlic and then the white wine, cooking the mixture until all of the liquid is absorbed. Add the cooked beans and some about 1 12 cups of their broth to the onion mixture along with the additional sea salt as needed. Add another sprig of rosemary if a stronger flavor is desired. Lower the heat and cook the for about 20 more minutes. Beans should be a little juicy and soft. Add black pepper to taste. Sprinkle with fresh parsley just before serving., ingredients: [2 cups dried cannellini beans, soaked overnight in 8 cups cold water, 1 bay leaf, Sprigs rosemary, 6 cups spring water, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, small dice, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup dry white wine, Sea salt and pepper to taste], title: RosemaryScented White Beans, picturelink: null}, 20674: {instructions: In a hot casserole with lid, coat with oil and saute black beans, garlic, ginger and chiles until soft, about 3 minutes. Add leeks and season. Add clams and stir for 2 minutes. Add mussels, and deglaze with wine. Add stock and cover to steam. Meanwhile, boil pasta in salted water until al dente. When clams and mussels are open, about 5 to 8 minutes remove any unopened ones which are dead, and add basil, creme fraiche and strained pasta. Check for seasoning. In a 325 degree fryer, coat leeks with flour and fry until golden brown, season and drain on paper towels.nPLATING Serve in large pasta bowl, keeping shellfish on top and garnish with fried leeks., ingredients: [Canola oil, to cook, 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, rinsed and chopped, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 minced serrano chiles, 3 leeks, white part only julienne, save light green part to fry julienne, 1 pound Littleneck clams, scrubbed, 1 pound PEI mussels, scrubbed, beard removed, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 pound angel hair pasta, 14 cup Thai basil chiffonade, 12 cup creme fraiche, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 cup rice flour], title: Mings Black Bean Clams, Mussels and Leeks with Angel Hair, picturelink: null}, 20675: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nPlace the almonds, olive oil, thyme, and kosher salt on a sheet pan and toss them together. Roast the almonds for 10 to 15 minutes, turning them every 5 minutes with a metal spatula, until theyre lightly browned. Watch them carefully they go from under baked to burnt very quickly. Sprinkle with the fleur de sel, toss, and set aside to cool. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound roasted, salted Marcona almonds, 2 teaspoons good olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fleur de sel], title: ThymeRoasted Marcona Almonds, picturelink: sqajVJn4DBU6JekT4.Z6TTm5jrHtbNm}, 20676: {instructions: In a blender, puree the tomatoes, chile, and 12 of the watermelon. Pour in the red wine vinegar and olive oil and pulse. Add the onion, cucumber and dill and season with salt and pepper. Puree until smooth. Pour into chilled bowls and sprinkle with dill, feta, and remaining watermelon. Serve., ingredients: [1 large tomato, pureed, 12 serrano chile, 2 cups cubed fresh watermelon, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 12 cucumber, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: Watermelon Gazpacho, picturelink: ZdMlCiINBzIl3PQY4kTpJHdLleLi9m}, 20677: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat 1 cup of sugar, slowly, in a heavy skillet, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until sugar melts and is free of lumps. When the sugar turns a caramel color, remove it from the heat and pour it into a 6cup mold. Set aside.nBeat the eggs with 2 cups sugar, until fluffy. Place flour in a small bowl and add 2 tablespoons coconut milk, one at a time until mixture is smooth. Add the flour mixture to the coconut milk, mix well and then add to the egg mixture. Pour mixture over into mold over caramelized sugar. Place the mold in a large baking pan filled with 1 inch of hot water to create a bainmarie. Bake for 40 minutes. Remove from water bath immediately. Cool for 20 minutes then invert onto a serving dish and chill for 6 to 8 hours. To serve, sprinkle with freshly grated coconut if desired.nCooks Note: Instead of grating a fresh coconut I have used frozen fresh coconut found the freezer department of most supermarkets. It works just as well., ingredients: [3 cups sugar, 6 eggs, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 cups coconut milk, 14 cup freshly grated coconut for decoration optional], title: Pudim de Coco Coconut Pudding  East Timor, picturelink: null}, 20678: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the racks in a roasting pan, fat side up. Rub the tops with olive oil and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Roast the lamb for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the parsley and garlic in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until theyre both finely minced. Add the bread crumbs and lemon zest and process for a second until combined.nTake the lamb out of the oven and quickly press the parsley mixture on top of the meat. Drizzle with the melted butter and return immediately to the oven and roast for another 15 minutes.nTake the lamb out of the oven and cover with aluminum foil. Allow it to rest for 15 minutes, cut in double chops, and serve., ingredients: [3 small or 2 large racks of lamb, frenched, Good olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups loosely packed fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic cloves 3 cloves, 1 cup fresh white bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted], title: Rack of Lamb Persillade, picturelink: null}, 20679: {instructions: Whisk sugar, lemon juice, vanilla, and Chinese 5spice powder adjust to taste, adding more or less ingredients. Add mangoes and raspberries and toss together.nJust before serving arrange kiwis in a circle on outside edge of each of 4 dessert plates, arrange an inside circle of banana slices overlapping kiwis, leaving a space in center of dessert plate. Spoon macerated raspberries and mangoes in the middle dust with confectioners sugar and garnish with mint leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, plus extra for dusting, 1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground Chinese 5spice powder, 2 ripe mangoes, papayas or pineapple, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 12 pint raspberries, 4 to 6 kiwis, peeled and cut into thin rounds, 2 bananas, peeled and cut into thin rounds, Mint leaves], title: Exotic Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 20680: {instructions: Add ice halfway up the cocktail shaker. Add gin, vermouth and pickle juice. Shake well and strain into 2 martini glasses. Garnish with a pickled okra spears., ingredients: [Ice, 8 ounces gin or vodka, 12 teaspoon dry vermouth, 2 tablespoons chilled dill pickle juice, 2 pickled okra spears], title: Dirty Pickle, picturelink: null}, 20681: {instructions: To make the Champagne sabayon, put the egg yolks, sugar, and Champagne in a medium stainless steel bowl. Whisk over barely simmering water 145 degrees F until mixture begins to thicken. When it has tripled in volume, and falls in ribbons into the bowl, remove it from the water. Place the bowl on a cool surface and continue to whisk until the sabayon has cooled slightly.nWhile the sabayon is cooling, heat the milk chocolate sauce in a small sauce pot over low heat. Slowly incorporate the heavy cream until smooth. Mix the chocolate with the fresh berries and pour into a martini glass. Serve the sabayon over the chocolateberry mixture and garnish with sugar cookies., ingredients: [6 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 cups Champagne, 4 ounces milk chocolate sauce, 2 ounces heavy cream, 1 cup mixed fresh berries, 3 sugar cookies, premade], title: Champagne Sabayon on Top of Milk Chocolate Sauce and Fresh Berries, picturelink: null}, 20682: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.n2. Stir soup, milk, soy sauce, black pepper, beans, and 1 12 cups of the onions in a 3qt. casserole.n3. Bake, uncovered, 25 minutes or until bean mixture is hot and bubbling. Stir bean mixture. Sprinkle with remaining onions.n4. Bake 5 minutes or until onions are golden.nFor a lighter version, use Del Monteu00ae Cut Green BeansNo Salt Added, Campbellsu00ae 98 Fat Free or Healthy Request soup, fatfree milk and lite soy sauce., ingredients: [4 cans 14.5 oz. each Del Monteu00ae Cut Green Beans, drained, 2 cans 10.75 oz. each Campbellsu00ae Cream of Mushroom soup, 1 cup milk, 2 tsp. soy sauce, 14 tsp. black pepper, 1 can 6 oz. Frenchsu00ae French Fried Onions], title: Hometown Green Bean Casserole, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 20683: {instructions: Heat 2 inches of oil in a heavy saucepan or fryer to 375 degrees.nGrate the sweet potatoes into mediumsized bowl, cover them with boiling water, and let them stand for 15 minutes. Drain off the water and slowly add the remaining ingredients, stirring to make sure that they are well mixed. You should have a thickish paste that will hold its shape when picked up in a tablespoon. If the mixture is too thick, add a bit of warm water. If it is too thin, add a bit more flour.nDrop the mixture, a few tablespoons at a time, into the hot oil and cook the fritters for 3 to 5 minutes, or until they float to the surface, turning them once to make sure that they are slightly browned on each side. Drain on absorbent paper and serve hot., ingredients: [Peanut oil for frying, 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled, 12 cup flour, 1 egg, beaten, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: South African Sweet Potato Fritters, picturelink: null}, 20684: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and par boil the corn. Remove the corn from the water and set aside.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over medium heat.nGrill the corn until lightly charred and the kernels are tender. Let cool slightly, and then slice the kernels off the cobs. In a saucepan, combine the honey, vinegar, orange blossom water, orange zest and orange juice and bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat. Simmer until slightly thickened, about 7 minutes.nIn a large bowl, toss the corn with the dressing and the fresh herbs.nTo serve: On each plate compose a small stack of rocket and drizzle with the extravirgin olive oil and a pinch of sea salt and pepper. Top with 2 tablespoons of corn mixture., ingredients: [3 tablespoons orange zest, 4 cobs of corn, 14 cup orange blossom honey, 14 cup white balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons orange blossom water, 3 tablespoons orange juice, Handful chopped fresh basil, Handful chopped fresh mint, 1 package rocket arugula, washed, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wild Rocket and Grilled Corn Salad, picturelink: HyEydaw.5YJruzEoalnM4nlAf0NXTi}, 20685: {instructions: In a large skillet heat extravirgin olive oil over mediumhigh heat. When oil is hot, add the greens to the pan and wilt. Season the greens with nutmeg and smoked sweet paprika or cumin, salt and pepper and a dash of Worcestershire sauce. Add the chicken stock and simmer for a few minutes then serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large bunch red or green or rainbow chard, stemmed and coarsely chopped, Freshly grated nutmeg, about 14 teaspoon, 12 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika or ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup chicken stock], title: Savory Swiss Chard, picturelink: PrH1K9cTH55rQ6r4mhKzx71uYR.fOe}, 20686: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil for the pasta. In a pot large enough to accommodate the mussels heat 2 tablespoons of the butter and gently cook shallots, celery and tablespoons parsley for about 5 minutes. Add the wine and bring to a boil. Add the mussels and raise the heat. When the steam starts to escape, shake the pot, keeping the cover tightly on to rotate mussels inside. Let them cook for 5 to 7 minutes or until the mussels open. Meanwhile, place the pasta in the boiling water and cook for 3 to 5 minutes or until tender. Drain and portion out. Discard mussels that remain closed. Set the open mussels, in their shells, over pasta. Pour the mussel cooking liquid through a fine strainer into a saucepan. Reduce quickly and slightly. Whisk in remaining two tablespoons of butter and parsley. Season to taste with salt and pepper and pour over mussels and pasta., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 4 tablespoons minced parsley, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 dozen mussels, cleaned, 6 to 8 ounces fresh fettucine or linguine, preferably spinach, Salt and pepper], title: Mussel Mariniere, picturelink: null}, 20687: {instructions: For the simple syrup: Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepot over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook, whisking occasionally, until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks.nFor the pisco sour: Fill a cocktail shaker with the ice, and then pour in the pisco, 34 ounce simple syrup, the lemon juice and egg white. Shake very well, and then strain into a tall champagne flute. Garnish with 3 drops of bitters., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 cups ice, 2 ounces pisco Peruvian or Chilean brandy, 34 ounce fresh lemon juice 1 12 tablespoons, 1 large egg white, Bitters, for garnish], title: Pisco Sour, picturelink: qFHaaKERjhQfM4LlNyfcaAJFMdKg3NK}, 20688: {instructions: Peel the beets and the shallot. Combine them in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade, and pulse carefully until the beets are shredded do not puree. Or grate the beets by hand and mince the shallots combine. Scrape into a bowl.nToss with the salt, pepper, mustard, oil, and vinegar. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Toss in the herbs and serve., ingredients: [1 pound beets, 1 large shallot, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, or to taste, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or other good strong vinegar, About 1 tablespoon minced parsley, dill, or chervil or about 1 teaspoon minced rosemary or tarragon], title: Raw Beet Salad, picturelink: null}, 20689: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the potatoes, celery root and 1 tablespoon salt to a large saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook over mediumhigh heat until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes and celery root.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch baking pan.nWhip together the cream cheese and softened butter in a large bowl with a hand mixer on medium speed until thoroughly blended, about 2 minutes. Add the hot potatoes and celery root slowly, alternating with the halfandhalf. Whip until blended. Sprinkle with salt and stir in the horseradish, garlic powder and white pepper.nPour the potato mixture into the prepared baking pan. Pour the melted butter over the potato mixture. Bake until bubbly and slightly brown, about 45 minutes. Garnish with the chives., ingredients: [4 pounds Idaho russet potatoes about 5 potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 pound celery root, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, Kosher salt, 2 sticks butter, 1 softened and 1 melted, plus more for greasing, 6 ounces cream cheese, 1 cup halfandhalf, warmed, 14 cup prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 cup fresh minced chives], title: Moms Mashed Potatoes a La King, picturelink: YrJwo9WQ0GpqRG8mB4LW47keN0nsodW}, 20690: {instructions: In a medium bowl, stir pudding and milk and set aside. Beat whipping cream and sugar until peaks form. Add about 14 of the whipped cream to the pudding and gently fold it in to lighten it. Fold the remaining whipped cream into pudding and serve in small bowls or cocktail glasses on an underliner plate. Place a few berries on each dessert to garnish and serve a few cookies on the underliner plates., ingredients: [2 packages lemon instant pudding, Milk, amount depends on pudding brand, check panel on box, 2 cups heavy cream, whipped, 2 rounded tablespoons sugar, 12 pint raspberries, for garnish, Store bought butter cookies or shortbread rounds], title: Easy Lemon Mousse, picturelink: null}, 20691: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Butter a 12 inch springform pan. Mix the pulverized graham crackers, sugar and melted butter and pat this dough into the bottom of the springform pan. Bake for 15 minutes or until set, remove and cool before filling.nRaise the temperature to 350 degrees. With an electric mixer beat the cottage cheese, sour cream, cream cheese, eggs, sugar, flour and vanilla. Beat for 10 minutes batter will be very thin. Pour over crust and bake for 40 minutes. Turn off oven but leave cake in for an additional 30 minutes. Do not open oven door.nRemove cake from oven then cool cake for 2 hours. When cool, run a thin metal spatula around edge of cake. Loosen and remove sides of springform pan. Note that, when cooling, cheesecake will develop a large crack across the top.nSlide cake onto plate. If you wish, top with pie filling or serve a wedge of cake with fresh berries., ingredients: [2 cups graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 6 to 8 tablespoons melted butter, 1 pound cottage cheese, 1 pint sour cream, 8 ounce package softened cream cheese, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 can cherry pie filling, optional or fresh sliced fresh strawberries or blueberries to serve with cake], title: Classic Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 20692: {instructions: Toss salad greens, cucumber, tomatoes, red onions, olives, and croutons with HoneyLime Vinaigrette. Evenly distribute salmon on the top of salad and sprinkle with crumbled feta cheese.nPlace the lime juice, vinegar, and egg in a blender. Run on low and slowly drizzle in the oil and honey until the mixture is slightly thick. Add salt and pepper and refrigerate for 12 hours before serving., ingredients: [6 cups mixed greens, 12 cup julienne cucumber, 12 cup halved grape tomatoes, 13 cup chopped red onions, 14 cup chopped Kalamata olives, 12 cup croutons, 12 cup HoneyLime Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 6 ounces smoked or grilled salmon, 4 tablespoons feta cheese, crumbled, 14 cup lime juice, freshly squeezed, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 1 egg, 1 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup honey, Salt, Pepper], title: Tango Salad, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 20693: {instructions: Season both sides of chicken with salt and pepper. Place clarified butter in hot frying pan and saute chicken breasts over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes on each side until cooked through. Remove to plate. Add more clarified butter to pan if necessary and saute mushrooms until brown. Deglaze the pan with chicken broth, add the fresh herbs and lemon juice, and reduce by 13. Thicken with cornstarch mixed with a little chicken broth. Salt and pepper the sauce, to taste. Plate the chicken breasts, and spoon the sauce over. Garnish with capers., ingredients: [4 8ounce chicken breasts, boneless, skinless, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, clarified, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 3 cups chicken broth, plus 14 cup for cornstarch slurry, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped basil, chiffonade, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, to thicken, Capers, for garnish], title: Chicken Piccata, picturelink: null}, 20694: {instructions: Preheat oven: 300 degrees Season legs with herbs, garlic, salt and pepper. Place into roasting pan and cover completely with duck fat. Roast 2 12 hours. Remove legs from fat and place back in oven long enough to crisp skin., ingredients: [4 duck legs, Duck fat enough to cover legs entirely in roasting pan, Thyme, Rosemary, 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Duck Confit, picturelink: null}, 20695: {instructions: PLACE all ingredients in medium bowl. Whisk until evenly blended. Store in tightly covered container at room temperature until ready to use or package. Makes about 2 cups mix.nRecipe to attach:nSpoon 3 to 4 tablespoons of cocoa mix into mug. Add 1 cup boiling water stir well.nPaired with NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae ULTIMATESu2122 Chocolate Pecan Deluxe Cookie Dough, ingredients: [1 cup dry NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae Instant Nonfat Dry Milk, 13 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae SemiSweet Chocolate Morsels, coarsely chopped, 14 cup NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae Baking Cocoa, 14 cup Hazelnut Flavor NESTLu00c9u00ae COFFEEMATEu00ae Powdered Coffee Creamer], title: Hazelnut Hot Cocoa Mix, picturelink: NHxA3yuZtwLjLf745IreWsPgSktYY9G}, 20696: {instructions: In a medium bowl, macerate strawberries, sugar, and orange liqueur for 30 to 60 seconds.nLay 1 crepe flat on serving plate and lightly spread 1 tablespoon chocolate spread, 1 tablespoon whipped topping, and 14 cup strawberry mixture. Roll crepe or fold in quarters. Drizzle with caramel sauce.nServe immediately with a dusting of cocoa powder., ingredients: [1 12 cups fresh sliced strawberries, 1 tablespoon sugar, or more if needed, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 6 French style crepes recommended: Friedas, 6 tablespoons chocolate hazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, 6 tablespoons whipped topping recommended: Cool Whip, Caramel sauce recommended: Smuckers, Cocoa powder, for dusting recommended: Hersheys], title: Chocolate Strawberry Crepes with Caramel Sauce, picturelink: 2jfTHgXLcugI7hzGFCyo9h7gbOxj6au}, 20697: {instructions: Heat the oil to 325 degrees F in a large, deep pot over medium heat. Regulate the temperature with a candy thermometer. Keep the potato sticks in a bowl of water to prevent browning before frying. Transfer to paper towels and dry well. Working in batches, fry the potatoes until they are cooked through and tender but have no color, 4 to 5 minutes. Be sure the fries have plenty of room and gently swish them around as they are cooking. Transfer immediately to a papertowellined baking sheet. Raise the temperature of the oil to 375 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a small nonstick skillet over medium heat. Fry the egg sunnyside up until the whites are just set, 3 to 4 minutes. Working in batches, fry the fries a second time at 375 degrees F, until they are golden brown and crispy. Transfer immediately to paper towels and toss with salt. Transfer to a serving platter, smother with the Fontina Cheese Sauce and top with the egg. Garnish with chives.nPlace the butter and onions in a large saucepan, sprinkling with salt, and cook until soft and aromatic, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture looks like wet sand, 4 to 5 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk and season with salt. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer. Stir in the mustard and hot sauce and cook over low heat until the mixture is slightly thicker than heavy cream. Whisk in the fontina and ParmigianoReggiano to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning with more mustard and hot sauce, if needed, adding a little more milk if the mixture seems too thick. Stir in the diced ham. The sauce should be very creamy and flavorful. Keep warm and reserve until the fries are ready., ingredients: [3 quarts peanut or vegetable oil, for frying, 2 large russet potatoes, peeled and cut lengthwise into 14inchwide sticks, Fontina Cheese Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 egg, Kosher salt, Chives, sliced, for garnish, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 Spanish onion, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, plus more as needed, 2 cups freshly grated fontina cheese, 1 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, plus more to taste, Hot sauce, such as Tabasco, to taste, 1 cup diced ham], title: Cheesy Fries with Ham and Egg, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 20698: {instructions: Heat up the rice wine vinegar, 14 cup water, the sugar and diced bitter melon in a saucepan. Cook until the sugar dissolves and the flavors combine. Then remove from the heat and cool.nAdd a pinch of salt to the bitter melon seeds and toast in a pan.nIn a medium bowl, combine the apples, lemon zest, berries, cherries and toasted seeds.nDivide the fruit between two cocktail glasses. Add the gin to both glasses, a couple tablespoons of bitter melon simple syrup and garnish with a sprig of mint.nEat the salad and enjoy your gin at the same time., ingredients: [12 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup diced bitter melon, seeds reserved, Kosher salt, 1 Granny Smith apple, thinly sliced, 13 lemon, zested, 5 blackberries, 5 blueberries, 2 cherries, pitted, 4 ounces gin, chilled, 2 fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Bitter Melon and Gin, picturelink: pmz6NxciFIoICedL3oiJ1PzYWvbWPKi}, 20699: {instructions: Preheat a heavy grill pan. Sprinkle the chicken generously with salt and pepper.nIn a heavy saute pan, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat.nIn a mixing bowl, beat the egg. Add the breadcrumbs, oregano and thyme. Add the chicken to the bowl and top with the cooked onions and garlic. Mix well until all of the ingredients are evenly incorporated. Use a 12cup scoop to measure out the patties and form 6 even ovals.nGrill the patties until fully cooked, about 5 minutes per side. Serve on a warmed bun smeared with some Pasilla Aioli. Top each burger with a slice of cheese, a lettuce leaf, tomato slice and some Poblano Rings.nPut the pasilla chile and garlic in a food processor and process until the garlic is minced. Add the mayo and process for about 2 minutes. Season the aioli with salt and pepper.nPreheat the broiler or a grill pan over high heat. Broil or grill the poblanos until the skins are charred. Transfer to a covered bowl until cool enough to handle, 10 minutes. Remove the skins and seeds, and then slice into 14inchwide rings.nHeat the oil in a large heavy saucepan or a deep fryer until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nMeanwhile, arrange 3 mixing bowls in an assembly line. Mix together the flour and 1 teaspoon salt in the first. In the second, place the eggs and beat them. Fill the third with the breadcrumbs and ground guajillo and mix together.nCarefully drench the poblano rings in the flour, making sure not to break them. Shake off any excess flour and then soak in the egg wash. Then cover with the panko mixture. Fry until crisp and golden in color, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel to remove excess oil, and then season heavily with salt., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground chicken, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 cup finely chopped onions, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 egg, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon crumbled dried Mexican oregano, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, 6 brioche burger buns, warmed, Pasilla Aioli, recipe follows, 6 slices pepper Jack cheese, 6 leaves butter lettuce, Six 12inchthick tomato slices, Poblano Rings, recipe follows, 1 pasilla chile, stemmed, seeded and deveined, 1 clove garlic, 1 cup mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 poblano chiles, 3 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt, 2 eggs, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, plus more if needed, 1 teaspoon ground guajillo pepper], title: Grilled Chicken Burgers with Pasilla Aioli, picturelink: ve13EJnttEHHCtqWGBt0rE91O1cp0a}}