{20700: {instructions: In a saucepan, stir together the sugars, salt, cocoa powder, milk, and heat until sugar is dissolved. Add the butter and cook to 238 degrees F on a candy thermometer.nPour out of the pan into a mixing bowl to cool slightly and with a paddle attachment, stir in the peanut butter and vanilla. Continue beating to cool and stiffen the fudge until it starts to lighten and looses its gloss. Pour it into a greased pan and let it cool completely before cutting into 1 12inch squares., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 2 cups brown sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup cocoa powder, 1 13 cups milk, 14 cup butter, 34 cup peanut butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla], title: Peanut Butter Fudge, picturelink: null}, 20701: {instructions: Cream the butter and sugar. Add the egg and beat until fluffy. Blend in the vanilla. Sift in the flour, baking powder, and salt, mixing until just combined. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and chill for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. On a floured surface, roll half of the dough to 18inch thick. Cut into circles using a 3inch round cookie cutter or the top of a drinking glass. Gather and reroll scraps. Repeat with remaining dough. Place the cookies on a greased baking sheet and bake for about 8 minutes, until just golden. Do not allow cookies to brown.nTo decorate, melt the chocolate chips in the microwave in a heatproof bowl for 1 minutes. The chips may look unmelted, but stir them with a spoon to see if they have actually softened before putting them in for another minute, if necessary. Spoon the melted chocolate into a zipperlock bag. Seal the bag, pressing out any air. Use a toothpick to make a very tiny hole in one corner of the bag to release a very thin stream of chocolate for writing.nTo make the spiderwebs, spread white royal icing smoothly over the surface. Immediately, before the icing can set, pipe a spiral of chocolate over the surface, starting in the middle and working outward. Starting in the center, use a toothpick to pull outward through the icing, making a spiderweb design.nWith beaters or a standing mixer, whip the egg white and lemon juice until frothy. At medium speed, beat in the confectioners sugar, a little at a time, until the mixture is thick but still liquid enough to beat. Then beat on high until the mixture is thick and glossy, about 3 minutes. Cover the surface with plastic wrap while waiting to use it. Royal icing will set to a firm, glossy finish when applied to a cookie. The icing can be stored, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to a week., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup chocolate chips, 1 batch Royal Icing see below, Food coloring, 1 egg white, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar], title: Spiderweb Sugar Cookies, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 20702: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Butter a glass baking dish large enough to hold the burgers.nSprinkle the meat with salt and pepper and form it into 4 patties. Place them into the prepared baking dish and bake until cooked through, 25 to 30 minutes. When they are done, set aside and keep warm. Add a little bit of wine to the pan and scrape up all the browned bits on the bottom. Set aside.nWhile the burgers are cooking, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Fry the mushrooms until they are just tender. Remove from the pan and keep warm.nAdd the shallots to the pan with another tablespoon of butter and cook until they are softened. Pour in the wine and reduce by half. Pour in the juices from the baking dish and reduce again. Strain into a small pitcher and keep warm, reserving the shallots. Put the pan back on the heat and melt a tablespoon of butter. Add the pate slices and cook until just warmed through, 1 to 2 minutes.nAdd the remaining 2 tablespoons butter to another skillet and toast the buns in the buttery juices.nTo build the burger, place a mushroom cap on top of a burger bun. Set a burger on top, a spoonful of the reserved shallots and then a slice of pate. Pour some of the red wine reduction over the whole thing and top with the bun. Repeat with the remaining burgers. Serve with Truffled Oven Fries.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPeel the potatoes and cut them into 12 by 12inch strips. Toss them with the olive oil, season with salt and spread them in a single layer onto a baking sheet. Bake, tossing once or twice, until golden brown and crispy, 25 to 30 minutes.nPut the hot fries into a large bowl, drizzle with truffle oil and season with salt. Toss well to coat and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 1 12 pounds ground sirloin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup red wine, 4 burgersize portobello mushroom caps, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 4 slices pate, 4 brioche burger buns, Truffled Oven Fries, for serving, recipe follows, 2 russet potatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon white or black truffle oil], title: Sirloin Portobello and Pate Burger, picturelink: YrJwo9WQ0GpqRG8mB4LW47keN0nsodW}, 20703: {instructions: Preheat a cast iron skillet to medium high with peanut oil.nMix dry ingredients together. Cover both sides of catfish with the seasoning mix and place in skillet.nCook on one side for 4 minutes and turn when cooked halfway through. Cook for another 4 minutes on the other side. Remove from pan and serve with Cajun remoulade.nMix all ingredients together well. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut oil, for frying, 4 catfish filets, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoons onion powder, 1 tablespoons thyme, Cajun Remoulade, recipe follows, 2 tablespoon chopped Gherkin pickles, 2 teaspoons capers, 1 teaspoon chopped parsley, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, Dash hot sauce, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise], title: Blackened Catfish, picturelink: ut0kjMPV5ulzbT3EX7AO7qNKwquBIiu}, 20704: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan set over medium heat. Add the onions and 12 teaspoon kosher salt, and cook, stirring, until soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, chili powder, cumin and garlic powder, and cook, stirring, until the tomatoes start to soften and the tomato paste darkens in color, about 1 minute. Add the broth, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds pepper, and bring to a boil. Stir in the oats and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Simmer until the oats are creamy and tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat, cover and rest until the oatmeal thickens slightly, about 2 minutes not all of the liquid will absorb.nTransfer the oatmeal to four serving bowls. Scatter the sliced chiles and cilantro over the oatmeal. Divide the avocado among the bowls, and top with the crushed tortilla chips. Serve warm with a quarter of lime on the side., ingredients: [3 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups oldfashioned oats, 1 red serrano chile, thinly sliced, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and diced into 14inch pieces, 1 cup tortilla chips, crushed, 1 lime, quartered, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 cup finely diced onion about 14 small onion, Kosher salt, 2 small plum tomatoes, diced, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Pinch ground cumin, Pinch garlic powder], title: Healthy Tortilla Soup Oatmeal, picturelink: pydJkfVBYUKNj1ywoGlSaCVdkXmaqxu}, 20705: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the flour, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Pulse a few times to combine. Add the butter and toss quickly and carefully with your fingers to coat each cube of butter with the flour. Pulse 12 to 15 times, or until the butter is the size of peas. With the motor running, add the ice water all at once through the feed tube. Keep hitting the pulse button to combine, but stop the machine just before the dough comes together. Turn the dough out onto a wellfloured board, roll it into a ball, cut in half, and form into 2 flat disks. Wrap the disks in plastic and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. If you only need 1 disk of dough The other disk of dough can be frozen.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nRoll the pastry into an 11inch circle on a lightly floured surface. Transfer it to the baking sheet.nFor the pastry makes 2 crostatas .nCut the peaches and plums in wedges and place them in a bowl with the blueberries. Toss them with 1 tablespoon of the flour, 1 tablespoon of the sugar, the orange zest, and the orange juice. Place the mixed fruit on the dough circle, leaving a 1 12inch border.nCombine the 14 cup flour, the 14 cup sugar, and the salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture is crumbly. Pour into a bowl and rub it with your fingers until it starts to hold together. Sprinkle evenly over the fruit. Gently fold the border of the pastry over the fruit, pleating it to make an edge.nBake the crostata for 20 to 25 minutes, until the crust is golden and the fruit is tender. Let the crostata cool for 5 minutes, then use 2 large spatulas to transfer it to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup granulated or superfine sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 pound 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, diced, 6 tablespoons 3 ounces ice water, 1 pound firm ripe peaches, peeled, 12 pound firm ripe black plums, unpeeled, 12 pint fresh blueberries, 1 tablespoon plus 14 cup allpurpose flour, divided, 1 tablespoon plus 14 cup granulated sugar, divided, 14 teaspoon grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick cold unsalted butter, diced], title: Summer Fruit Crostata, picturelink: PWaneIL1AoosdJlzYXqfgulSWwsM1q}, 20706: {instructions: Peel any of the fibrous outer stalks of celery with a vegetable peeler and slice into 1inch pieces on the bias.nHeat the butter in a 10inch saute pan over medium heat. Once melted, add the celery, salt and pepper and cook for 5 minutes until just beginning to soften slightly. Add the beef broth and stir to combine. Cover and reduce the heat to low. Cook until the celery is tender but not mushy, approximately 5 minutes. Uncover and allow the celery to continue to cook for an additional 5 minutes or until the liquid has been reduced to a glaze. Transfer to a serving dish and garnish with the reserved leaves., ingredients: [8 stalks celery, rinsed and trimmed, leaves chopped and reserved, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good quality beef stock or broth], title: Braised Celery, picturelink: null}, 20707: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 bamboo skewersnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the tomato sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large, deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and pepper flakes and cook until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste, cook for 1 minute. Stir in the tomatoes, basil, thyme, 1 cup water, and some salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Keep warm.nFor the meatballs: Soak the panko in the milk for 10 minutes. In a large mixing bowl, combine the ground beef and pork, Parmesan, parsley, garlic, some salt and pepper and the soaked panko. Mix well to combine do not overwork. Form into eight 2inch balls.nSet a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil. Sear the meatballs on all sides until golden brown, 6 to 7 minutes.nRemove the thyme sprigs from the tomato sauce add the meatballs to the sauce. Spoon some sauce over the meatballs, then top them with slices of mozzarella. Transfer to the oven and bake until the cheese is bubbly and the meatballs are cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes.nTo assemble the sliders, load one meatball onto each bun. Top with a basil leaf and secure the bun top with a bamboo skewer. Serve on a large platter with extra sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, One 28ounce can crushed fireroasted tomatoes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup milk, 8 ounces ground beef, 8 ounces ground pork, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound fresh buffalo mozzarella, sliced, 8 soft Hawaiian buns, 8 leaves fresh basil], title: Italian Meatball Sliders with Red Sauce, picturelink: KoGCrY1BPmSIPFqFAKhiXmRIeQfQIvG}, 20708: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook pasta according to package directions. Drain and set aside. Keep warm.nMeanwhile, melt butter and olive oil together in a large skillet over medium heat. Add fennel, rosemary and sugar and cook 10 minutes, until fennel is tender and golden brown. Stir in the sweet potatoes.nWhisk together chicken broth, milk, and flour. Gradually add to skillet and simmer 3 minutes, until mixture thickens, stirring constantly. Add the pasta and stir to coat. Stir in Parmesan, parsley, salt, and pepper and cook until heated through, stirring constantly, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [12 ounces uncooked penne pasta, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 fennel bulb, sliced crosswise into 14inch thick slices, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, or 1 teaspoon dried, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 cup milk regular or lowfat, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups leftover roasted sweet potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Penne with Sweet Potatoes and Fennel, picturelink: HxfAh4IjndQqWx6sisjAk41vdIO8x..}, 20709: {instructions: In the bowl of a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the flour, salt, and sugar. Mix for 1 minute. Add the butter and mix just until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir the water and vinegar together, then gradually add to the flour mixture. Mix at medium speed just until a dough forms. Do not overmix.nDivide the dough in 2 and shape into round, flat disks on sheets of waxed paper. Wrap separately and refrigerate for 30 minutes. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough with a lightly floured rolling pin into a large circle about 18inch thick. Place your pie plate upside down on top and trim with a sharp knife, leaving about 2 inches extra dough all the way around. Roll the dough circle up onto your rolling pin, then unroll it into the pie plate or, fold into quarters, transfer to the pie plate, and unfold. Gently press the crust into place, turning any excess dough hanging over underneath to create a thicker edge. Press the edge with the back of a fork to create a decorative edge. Repeat with the other piecrust and leave covered for 30 more minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line each crust with a sheet of regularweight aluminum foil, then pour in about 34 pound dried beans or pie weights. Bake the crusts 25 to 30 minutes, just until dry and set  then remove the foil and beans. Bake another 10 to 15 minutes or until golden brown, checking frequently to prevent overbaking. Remove from the oven immediately and let cool on wire racks.nBanana Cream Filling: Combine the milk, salt, and vanilla bean in a nonaluminum pan and heat, stirring occasionally. As soon as the mixture begins to boil, turn off the heat and stir the mixture for 1 minute. Whisk the egg yolks and sugar together until thick and pale yellow, then gradually whisk in the cornstarch. Gradually whisk in half of the hot milk mixture.nPour the yolkmilk mixture back into the saucepan with the milk mixture and cook, whisking frequently, until the mixture boils and begins to thicken. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook, stirring, about 5 minutes more, until the mixture no longer tastes starchy. The mixture should become very thick, like a set custard. When cooked, turn off the heat. Stir in the butter until it melts completely and fold in the bananas.nPour the filling into the prebaked pie shells. Push the banana slices below the surface to prevent them from browning, then smooth the tops. Cover with plastic wrap, gently pressing the plastic wrap against the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Refrigerate at least 7 hours or overnight, and serve with whipped cream., ingredients: [4 12 cups sifted flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons sugar optional, 1 12 cups 3 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup ice water, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, Banana cream filling, recipe follows, 8 cups milk, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 24 egg yolks, 2 23 cups sugar, 1 cup cornstarch, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 6 ripe bananas, sliced into coins 14inch thick, Whipped cream for serving optional], title: Banana Cream Pie, picturelink: 2cwsIxMlqxjl1z7PE7CVK6XUBPTwhS}, 20710: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Whisk together juices, oil, and chili powders in a medium baking dish. Add the halibut and turn to coat. Marinate for 5 minutes.nRemove the banana leaves from the water and shake off excess water. Place the leaves on a flat surface. Remove the halibut from the marinade, season with salt and pepper, and place 1 fillet in the center of each leaf. Wrap the banana leaf loosely around each fillet. Place the packets flat on the grill, close the cover, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until just cooked through. Carefully remove from the grill and serve the fish in the banana leaf, if desired. Serve fish with the OrangePineapple Relish.nWhisk together the lime juice, orange juice, chile de arbol, honey, and oil in a medium bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups fresh orange juice, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 4 teaspoons pasilla chili powder, 2 teaspoons chili de arbol powder, 4 8ounce halibut fillets, skinned, 4 banana leaves, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes, Salt and freshly ground pepper, OrangePineapple Relish, recipe follows, 2 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon chili de arbol powder, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 ripe pineapple, peeled, cored, and cut into small dice, 2 oranges, peeled and segmented, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Yucatan Marinated Halibut Grilled in Banana Leaves with OrangePineapple Relish, picturelink: null}, 20711: {instructions: Trim the carrots and cut them into 2 to 3inch pieces. Cut the celery into 2 to 3inch pieces. Beginning with the garlic, process the vegetables in the juicer., ingredients: [6 carrots, 2 stalks celery, Handful parsley, 2 cloves garlic], title: CarrotCeleryParsleyGarlic Juice, picturelink: null}, 20712: {instructions: Heat a large saute pan with a little oil and saute the onion, garlic, and the roasted poblano pepper for 5 minutes, until the onions have become translucent. Then, add the squash blossoms and deglaze with chicken stock. Add the epazote, and cook for another 5 minutes until squash blossoms have wilted. Season with salt and pepper, and set aside to cool.nTo compose the quesadilla lay the 2 of the tortillas on a flat surface. Distribute the cheese equally on both tortillas. Then, spread 12 of the squash blossom filling over the cheese. Cover with the other tortilla, place on heated griddle on nonstick saute pan with a little oil, and cook for 3 minutes on each side. When nice and golden brown on each side and cheese has melted, remove and cut into quarters., ingredients: [Olive oil, for cooking, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 poblano pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded, and diced, 10 individual fresh squash blossoms, or 1 6ounce can, 12 cup chicken stock, 3 sprigs fresh epazote, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 10inch flour tortillas, 14 pound queso blanco, grated], title: Squash Blossom Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 20713: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large glass with ice, stir together the guava juice, orange juice, pineapple juice, rums and simple syrup. Pour into a hurricane glass. Garnish with a pineapple spear., ingredients: [Ice, 2 ounces guava juice, 2 ounces orange juice, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 2 ounces black rum, such as Captain Morgans, 1 ounce simple syrup, Pineapple spear, for garnish], title: Hawaiian Hurricane, picturelink: YrJwo9WQ0GpqRG8mB4LW47keN0nsodW}, 20714: {instructions: In a small saucepan, heat water to a boil. Drop in tea leaves, turn off heat, and steep for about 5 minutes. Strain tea back into pan and add star anise, cinnamon stick, ginger, and heavy cream. Heat over medium heat until cream scalds, watching carefully so that cream does not spill over.nPut chocolate in a medium bowl. Strain hot cream mixture into bowl with chocolate. Add vanilla and whisk until chocolate is melted. Transfer to mugs and serve warm or chilled.nCooks Note: The spices may be increased, to taste, if your preference is spicier., ingredients: [2 cups fresh spring water, 1 teaspoon looseleaf Earl Grey tea, 1 teaspoon looseleaf Darjeeling tea, 1 star anise, 1 cinnamon stick, Pinch ground ginger, 2 cups heavy cream, 6 ounces chopped chocolate recommended: Godiva dark chocolate, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Spiced Hot Chocolate with Tea, picturelink: null}, 20715: {instructions: In a saute pan heat the butter and saute the onions. Add the cactus pads and cook for 3 minutes. Add eggs and mix together. Then add your favorite salsa and Cheddar., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup onions, 12 cup fresh cactus pads, 3 eggs, 14 cup salsa, plus more, if desired, 12 cup Cheddar], title: Nopalitos Rancheros, picturelink: null}, 20716: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut each pita into 8 pieces. Lightly spray the pita with olive oil. Sprinkle with cumin and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, shaking the pan halfway through cooking, about 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 6inch whole wheat pitas, Olive oil spray, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Pita Chips, picturelink: 12IFj0URBfArxveeewQR3GkG8b2e7u}, 20717: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBake the potatoes for 1 hour. Remove the potatoes from oven, split open, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt., ingredients: [4 mediumsize potatoes, 2 tablespoon bestavailable olive oil, 1 teaspoon sea salt or any other salt], title: Roasted Potatoes Finished with Sea Salt, picturelink: null}, 20718: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, sprinkle the pineapple with half of the sugar, and set aside.nIn another medium bowl, beat together the butter, remaining sugar, and eggs. In a third medium bowl, combine the flour, cinnamon, cloves, ginger, nutmeg, baking soda, and salt. Add the wet ingredients to the dry, and fold in 23 of the pineapple. Spoon the mixture into a small baking dish, or 4 ramekins, and scatter the rest of the pineapple onto the top. Bake for 16 to 22 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out cleanly., ingredients: [2 cups fresh pineapple, diced, 12 cup sugar, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 teaspoons baking soda, Pinch kosher salt], title: Pineapple Clafouti, picturelink: null}, 20719: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill over medium heat.nIn a medium bowl, add the olive oil, pepper, salt, oregano, and toss together. Cut the racks into chops and add them to the oil mixture. Turning them to coat well.nIn a separate bowl, add the cheese, bread crumbs, garlic, cilantro and a pinch of black pepper. Mix gently.nRemove the chops from the marinade and arrange them on the grill. Grill for 1 12 to 2 minutes. Flip and top each chop with a heaping tablespoon of the bread crumb mixture. Close the lid of the grill and cook until desired doneness, about 2 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, plus more for bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped oregano leaves, 2 racks lamb rib chops, frenched, 34 cup crumbled Gorgonzola, 12 cup Italian bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Gorgonzola Crusted Grilled Lamb Chops, picturelink: s3ZAh3EDcGOr8EJq09BKO6YPRzVIwVK}, 20720: {instructions: Bring the coconut milk, water, salt, and sugar to a boil in a heavy saucepan. While boiling, whisk in the tapioca and continue to simmer until tender, 12 to 14 minutes, stirring occasionally. Cool immediately by placing in a flat bowl and covering the surface with plastic. Let rest about 2 hours. When cool, add the lemon juice. Stir to incorporate. To make green, add drops of food coloring to desired color.nTo serve, scoop into individual bowls., ingredients: [1 13 12ounce can coconut milk, 4 cups water, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup sugar, 7 ounces small tapioca pearls, 14 cup lemon juice, Green food coloring, as needed], title: Coconut Tapioca Ooze, picturelink: null}, 20721: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cover a baking sheet with foil. In a large skillet over medium heat, brown ground beef. Stir in salsa, juice from chiles and taco sauce, and simmer for 5 minutes. Lay pizza crusts on prepared baking sheet. Spread beans over pizza crusts.nSpread seasoned ground beef over beans. Cover with cheese. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until cheese is melted. Remove from oven and top with lettuce, tomato, and taco shell pieces. Mix half a packet of taco seasoning into sour cream and top pizzas. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 lb ground beef, 1 can 4 oz ORTEGA fire roasted diced green chiles, 12 cup ORTEGA original medium salsa any variety, 18 cup ORTEGA thick  smooth taco sauce any variety, 4 fully baked pizza crusts 8inch, 1 can 16 oz ORTEGA refried beans, 1 package 8 oz Mexican blend shredded cheese, Shredded lettuce, Finely chopped tomatoes, 12 box 12 count ORTEGA yellow corn taco shells or whole grain corn taco shells, each shell broken into pieces, 1 package ORTEGA 40 less sodium taco seasoning mix, Sour cream 16 oz], title: Crunchy Mexican Pizza, picturelink: tDrmRYq3V3iUwXX7tTBjjQzUPUZ1BjG}, 20722: {instructions: Before you begin this recipe, please take a class from a professional on working with sugar. This is a skill that professional pastry chefs develop after years of experience. Working with sugar will burn your fingers so know before you start that your fingers will develop burn blisters. Place the sugar, vinegar and water in a saucepan over high heat. Insert a candy thermometer and cook until the sugar reaches 320 degrees F. Use a pastry brush to keep the inside of the saucepan clean as the sugar cooks or the sugar may recrystallize. To do this, dip a clean brush in cold water and brush the inside of the pan clean. Pour the cooked sugar onto 3 or 4 silicone baking mats. If you want to color andor flavor the sugar with food colors andor flavored oils, this is the time to do so. Add a few drops of color to the sugar. Mix with a wooden skewer. To get started, push the sugar from the sides toward the center. This process takes a little while. Try to keep the sugar divided by color. Use the mat to push the firm sugar around the edges toward the center. Use a folding motion to accomplish that task. The next step is to pick up the sugar with your hands. Place each color under the heat of the sugar lamp. Pull the sugar until it becomes glossy and the color is evenly distributed. You will need to pull the colors simultaneously. Keep them under the sugar lamp but keep an eye on them. The lamp can melt the sugar so it is important keep rotating it and folding it onto itself.nYou will need to repeat the following steps for each color. Try to do this somewhat simultaneously to keep the sugar from melting under the lamp. Pull the sugar to incorporate air.nCut pieces of sugar and form into shapes. Make 2 arms. Use a sugar pump to blow sugar inside. Put sugar around the pump. Anchor by heating the metal and wrapping the sugar around the hot tube. Fold the sugar onto itself to be sure it is the same temperature and same consistency everywhere. Add the larger sugar to the pump. Carefully fill with air while shaping. You need to work slowly and consistently, always holding the sugar piece in your hand to continually give it shape. Use a blow torch to melt the edges slightly and stick them together. Youve made the shoes, pants, body, arms, head. If necessary, make a belt to hide the seam where the shirt and pants meet. Position the arms in different ways to give him some action. Make a base. Stick the shoes to the base. Stick the pants into the shoes. Adhere the body to the pants. Add the arms. Make his head. You can paint his facial features or make them from sugar. Add a hat. Put a candy cane in 1 hand and a lollipop in the other hand. Use the base of the presentation to display the other candies you have made., ingredients: [Scant 10 cups sugar 2 kilos, 6 tablespoons vinegar 80 grams, 2 cups 450 grams water, Food color paste  assorted colors], title: Jolly Holiday Figure, picturelink: null}, 20723: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nCut each grapefruit in half and gently separate the sections from the membrane by cutting around each section with a paring knife, keeping the grapefruit intact. Place the grapefruit halves cut side up on a baking sheet. Drizzle 1 teaspoon of honey over each half and sprinkle evenly with the brown sugar.nPlace grapefruit under broiler and brown well, about 3 minutes. Remove grapefruit and sprinkle with the crystallized ginger and coconut if desired. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 grapefruit, 6 teaspoons honey, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon crystallized ginger, finely chopped, 13 cup grated coconut optional], title: Glazed Grapefruit with Ginger, picturelink: null}, 20724: {instructions: Halve duck breasts and trim excess fat. Pat duck dry. Pierce skin of duck all over with a fork and score with a knife to allow fat to drain and help skin become crisp. Season duck with salt. Heat a large heavy skillet preferably castiron over high heat until very hot. Put duck, skin sides down, in skillet and immediately reduce heat to moderately low. Cook duck 20 minutes, or until skin is mahoganycolored and most of fat is rendered. Remove fat from skillet with a metal bulb baster or by very carefully pouring it off. Turn duck over and cook 2 minutes more. Transfer duck to a cutting board and let stand 5 minutes. Duck will continue to cook as it stands until it reaches medium.nWhile duck is standing, in a small saucepan boil demiglace until reduced to about 34 cup and add vinegar, sugar, and peppercorns. Remove pan from heat and keep sauce warm, covered. Diagonally cut duck breast halves and serve with sauce., ingredients: [2 whole boneless duck breasts with skin such as Long Island each about 1 12 pounds, 1 6 12ounce container duckandveal demiglace, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon coarsely crushed peppercorns preferably pink], title: Crisp Duck Breast with Pink Peppercorn Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20725: {instructions: Melt the butter with the sugar, orange zest and vanilla bean in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the sugar caramelizes, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the liqueur, orange juice and a pinch of salt.nReturn the skillet to medium heat, add the bananas, cutside down, and cook until glazed and golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and divide among bowls.nAdd the rum to the pan and return to medium heat. Warm for a few seconds without stirring, then carefully tilt the pan so the rum ignites if using an electric stove, hold a lit match near the sauce to ignite it. Spoon the flaming sauce over the bananas. Garnish with whipped cream and the glazed orange zest.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [1 orange, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 14 cup orange liqueur or brandy, Kosher salt, 3 ripe bananas, peeled, halved lengthwise and crosswise, 12 cup dark rum, Whipped cream, for serving, Remove 4 strips orange zest with a vegetable peeler. Squeeze the orange and strain the juice.], title: Bananas Flambe, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 20726: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2inch round cookie cutternPlace a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 475 degrees F. Toss the mushrooms with 1 teaspoon of olive and the salt and roast on a baking sheet until they are golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Set the mushrooms aside.nRoll out the pizza dough to 14inch thickness. Use a 2inch round cookie cutter to cut out circles in the dough and transfer the circles to a parchmentlined baking sheet. Drizzle the dough circles lightly with olive oil. Place a teaspoon of mozzarella on each circle, then top with the mushrooms and kale, then the gorgonzola. Drizzle a little more olive oil over each pizzette and bake until they are golden and bubbly, about 10 minutes. Arrange the pizzette on a platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 ball storebought pizza dough 12 to 16 ounces, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 1 small bunch Tuscan kale about 4 leaves, ribs removed, leaves sliced into ribbons, 2 ounces gorgonzola, crumbled], title: Roasted Mushroom and Kale Pizzette, picturelink: QP0UI0cSaVmMITFQwvDyzZwF7TtE3U6}, 20727: {instructions: Parboil potatoes for 15 minutes until barely tender. Drain, peel them and cut into thick slices. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nWith some of the melted butter, lightly grease bottom of shallow casserole. Arrange all of the potato slices overlapping in the bottom of a casserole and season well with salt and pepper sprinkle with half of Parmesan.nArrange tomatoes over potatoes and season them with salt and pepper and half of parsley. Scatter mozzarella over tomatoes. Mix parsley with melted butter and season with salt and pepper and scatter over mozzarella. Top with remaining Parmesan and bake for 25 minutes or until all ingredients are hot and cheese is melted., ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 112 pounds vine ripened tomatoes, sliced, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 8 ounces grated mozzarella cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato and Cheese Gratin, picturelink: null}, 20728: {instructions: Special equipment: Parchment paper Potato masher or hand mixernPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the potatoes and garlic cloves in a large pot of salted water. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are fork tender. Drain and add the potatoes and garlic back into the pot. Add the butter and milk and mash with a masher or a hand mixer. Keep the mashed potatoes a little bit chunky, not perfectly smooth. Season the potato mixture with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until browned, about 6 minutes. Stir in the anchovies and cook for 2 more minutes, until anchovies melt into the onions. Remove the onions from the pan and add in the sausage. Cook the sausage until browned and cooked through, about 6 to 8 minutes. Slice the sausage into thin rounds.nOn a lightlyfloured surface, using a lightlyfloured rolling pin, roll out the pizza dough into a 14inch thick round. Transfer the dough to a parchmentlined baking sheet and bake in the oven for 10 minutes.nTop the pizza crust with the onions. Spread the mashed potatoes over the onions and top with sausage slices and Cheddar cheese. Bake in the oven for 20 minutes. Slice and divide between 2 plates. Serve with the arugula salad on the side.nTo make the arugula salad: whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil and salt, and pepper, to taste. Toss the arugula, fennel, and celery in the dressing. Divide the salad between 2 plates and top with shaved Parmesan., ingredients: [4 Yukon Gold potatoes, skin on, quartered, 4 cloves garlic, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small onion, sliced, 3 anchovies, chopped, 1 sweet or spicy Italian sausage, 6ounces prepared pizza dough, 12 cup grated Cheddar cheese, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 cup arugula, 12 fennel bulb, thinly sliced, 2 celery stalks, thinly sliced, 14 cup shaved Parmesan cheese], title: Garlic Mashed Potato Pizza with Arugula and Fennel Salad, picturelink: Fm8u.H.ZuCqShOG9e9xc3pdp7pMxN6}, 20729: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of a food processor, puree the bananas, adding the milk bit by bit as needed, until whipped to a creamy consistency, about 2 minutes.nScoop into a bowl and top with the chocolate syrup and peanuts., ingredients: [3 bananas, peeled, cut into chunks and frozen, 14 to 12 cup milk, 14 cup chocolate syrup, 14 cup chopped peanuts], title: Banana Ice Cream Fakeout, picturelink: 5StJSYxuYk6STn.qMLhqb7jAoIhLoG}, 20730: {instructions: Thread the carrots, cucumber, lettuce and tomatoes onto 4 long wooden skewers, alternating the vegetables. Refrigerate serve with the dressing.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 carrots, thinly sliced diagonally, 1 cucumber, thinly sliced diagonally, 12 head iceberg lettuce, cut into 2 12inch chunks, 1 cup grape or cherry tomatoes, Blue cheese dressing, for serving], title: Salad on a Stick, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 20731: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine the peanut butter, soy sauce, vinegar, lime juice, garlic, cayenne and hot water. Whisk the sauce together over moderate heat until smooth and hot.nIn a kettle of boiling salted water cook the pasta for 5 minutes. Add the sliced carrots to the cooking pasta, stir and cook for 1 minute. Add the broccoli, stir and cook for 30 seconds. Add the snow peas, stir and cook for another 30 seconds. Drain the pasta and vegetables in a colander.nTransfer the pasta and vegetables to a large bowl and pour the hot sauce over the mixture, tossing to combine. Sprinkle with scallions., ingredients: [34 cup smooth peanut butter, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoon rice vinegar or white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 small garlic clove, minced, Cayenne pepper, 12 cup hot water, 12 ounces pasta, i.e. rotelle, penne, farfalle, 2 carrots, cut into thin slices diagonally, 1 12 cups broccoli florets, 12 pound snow peas, trimmed and cut crosswise into 1inch pieces, 4 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Pasta with Summer Vegetables and Spicy Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20732: {instructions: Fry 1 cup each chopped onion and grated potato in a castiron skillet with butter until crisp. Add 12 cup grated cheddar and crack in 2 eggs. Bake at 425 degrees F until set top with salsa.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [], title: HashBrown Eggs, picturelink: T.LRekhBFnNtU7jSrY0nvlJfh5Cvxbi}, 20733: {instructions: Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the rice and cook, stirring until tender, 25 to 35 minutes depending on the rice blend.nMeanwhile, bring a separate saucepan of salted water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the quinoa and cook until tender, about 12 minutes.nDrain the grains and rinse under cold water until cool shake off the excess water.nWhisk the lime juice and zest, the peanut oil, sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Add the rice mixture, mango, cucumber, jalapeno, scallions, cilantro and peanuts and stir to combine. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 12 cups rice blend, 14 cup quinoa, rinsed, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lime, 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, Freshly ground pepper, 1 cup chopped mango, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 red jalapeno, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 13 cup chopped salted roasted peanuts], title: MangoCucumber Rice Salad, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 20734: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a saucepan on medium heat until the sugar is dissolved.nTo make glaze: Mix 12 tablespoon cornstarch with 1 tablespoon water. Heat sauce on medium high heat and add cornstarch water mixture. Simmer until thickened., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons sweet rice wine, 1 tablespoon, plus 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons minced ginger, 12 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water], title: Teriyaki Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20735: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat peanut oil in deepfryer to 375 degrees F.nPeel potatoes and then slice into very thin 18inch slices using a mandoline with a straight blade attachment. Keep potatoes in very cold water until ready to fry after cutting. Drain potatoes in a colander and blot dry with paper towels.nFry potatoes in batches, only a few at a time, for about 3 to 4 minutes. Once they reach a golden brown color, remove chips from the fryer and drain on a pepper towel lined sheet tray. Dust immediately with salt, pepper and Neelys BBQ seasoning, to taste.nCombine ingredients and mix well., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 1 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Neelys BBQ Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 12 cups paprika, 34 cup white sugar, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder], title: Homemade Potato Chips, picturelink: CxPZsqPlW1bKAqOlBdLMoufxf9v.fy}, 20736: {instructions: Slice open French buns and assemble the sandwich of your dreams. Use the ingredients in any combination you wish. There are no rules when making this dagwood sandwich., ingredients: [4 french rolls, 14 pound prosciutto ham, sliced thin, 14 pound mortadella, sliced thin, 14 pound salami, sliced thin, 2 balls fresh mozzarella, sliced, 12 pound provolone, sliced, 1 log fresh goat cheese, sliced, Oil and vinegar, Dried oregano, Salt and pepper, 4 whole plum tomatoes, sliced, 2 yellow onions, thinly sliced], title: Dagwood Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 20737: {instructions: If using bamboo skewers, soak them in water for at least 30 minutes to prevent burning.nPreheat the broiler or grill to high.nThinly slice the lamb into 4 by 1inch strips. Lightly brush the lamb with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Thread the lamb on to the skewers, creating a ruffle.nPlace under the broiler or on the grill and cook for 1 to 2 minutes on each side until medium rare, or to desired doneness. Serve with the pesto as a dipping sauce.nPut the almonds, cheese, and the olive oil in a food processor and pulse until pureed. Add the basil, mint, and garlic and process to a smooth texture.nCover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Taste for salt and pepper and add if needed. Serve the pesto or refrigerate up to 24 hours.nTo toast nuts: Place nuts in a dry saute pan over medium heat. Toast, while shaking the pan to avoid overheating in 1 spot. Remove from the heat after 3 to 5 minutes when the nuts have become a nice pale golden color., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 pounds boneless lamb, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground coarse black pepper, Almond Mint Pesto, recipe follows, 14 cup unsalted almonds, toasted, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 34 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 14 cups fresh mint leaves, 3 medium cloves garlic, Kosher salt, Freshly ground coarse black pepper, optional], title: Skewered Lamb with Mint Pesto, picturelink: null}, 20738: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high and prepare for indirect grilling: On a charcoal grill, bank the coals to one side. For a gas grill, turn off half of the burners. Put the onion in a small bowl and cover with cold water let soak 20 minutes, then drain and squeeze dry. Meanwhile, pulse 1 cup basil, the avocado, garlic, crema and the juice of 1 lime in a blender or mini food processor until smooth season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate until ready to use.nTie the beef tenderloin in 2inch intervals using kitchen twine. Combine 1 tablespoon olive oil, the cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. Brush the oil mixture all over the beef and transfer to the grill over direct heat. Grill, turning occasionally, until the beef is well marked, about 15 minutes. Transfer the beef to the cooler side of the grill indirect heat and continue grilling, turning occasionally, until a thermometer inserted into the center registers 125 degrees F for medium rare, 15 to 20 more minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes.nWhile the beef is cooking over indirect heat, cut a small slit down the center of each plantain and lightly brush the skins with olive oil transfer to the grill over direct heat. Grill, turning occasionally, until the skins are charred and the plantains are soft, about 20 minutes cut into thirds.nMeanwhile, roughly chop the remaining 2 cups basil toss with the watermelon, the remaining lime juice and 2 tablespoons olive oil, the cheese, aje peppers and onion in a medium bowl. Season with 14 teaspoon salt. Slice the beef and serve with the basil crema, plantains and watermelon salad.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [14 small red onion, thinly sliced, 3 cups basil leaves, 1 avocado, chopped, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 cup Mexican crema or sour cream, Juice of 2 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 1 34 to 2pound beef tenderloin about 2 inches in diameter, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 black ripe plantains, 3 cups diced watermelon about 6 ounces, 12 cup crumbled Cotija cheese about 2 ounces, 1 tablespoon finely chopped jarred or fresh aje peppers Peruvian yellow chiles], title: Beef Tenderloin with Basil Crema with WatermelonBasil Salad and Grilled Plantains, picturelink: A9BlIOdmdaTYkkvibZqJwh.0wUkNc.}, 20739: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a 2quart saucepan over low heat. Set aside to cool slightly.nSift together the flour, salt and baking soda onto a paper plate. Pour the butter into your stand mixers work bowl. Add the sugar and brown sugar and beat with the paddle attachment on medium speed for 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the whole egg, the egg yolk, milk and vanilla extract in a measuring cup. Reduce the mixer speed and slowly add the egg mixture. Mix until thoroughly combined, about 30 seconds.nUsing the paper plate as a slide, gradually integrate the dry ingredients, stopping a couple of times to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Once the flour is worked in, drop the speed to stir and add the chocolate chips. Chill the dough for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and place racks in the top third and bottom third of the oven.nScoop the dough into 1 12ounce portions onto parchmentlined half sheet pans, 6 cookies per sheet. Bake 2 sheets at a time for 15 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through. Remove from the oven, slide the parchment with the cookies onto a cooling rack and wait at least 5 minutes before devouring., ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted butter, 12 ounces bread flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 ounces granulated sugar, 8 ounces light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 1 ounce whole milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips], title: The Chewy, picturelink: tghXdpyY6pwsdplELQARM2OEU.3DWAy}, 20740: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine 1 tablespoon olive oil and butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add onions to the pan, season with salt and pepper and cook 20 minutes to caramelize then stir in olives and anchovy paste and cook 2 minutes more. Remove from stove.nWhile the onions cook, combine chicken with herbes de Provence, fennel seed, lemon zest, garlic, salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Form 4 patties and cook 6 minutes on each side. Melt the Swiss cheese on each burger the last 2 minutes of cook time. Loosely tent the burgers under foil to melt the cheese. Serve the burgers on buns topped with lettuce and caramelized onion topping. Serve with potato chips alongside., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 large onions, very thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup pitted chopped black olives, nicoise or kalamata,, 1 tablespoon anchovy paste, 2 pounds ground chicken, 1 tablespoon dried herbes de Provence, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 2 cloves garlic, minced or finely chopped, 4 slices Swiss cheese, 4 crusty rolls, split and lightly toasted, 4 red or green lettuce leaves, Potato chips, for serving], title: Provencal Chicken Burgers With Pissaladiere Topping, picturelink: BDdJ84gQQ3DAM21LeYi7m4sHrOvegK6}, 20741: {instructions: Place the powdered sugar, flour, cornstarch, almond flour, butter and almond extract into a mixing bowl with a paddle and mix until they come together. Roll into a log, cut into small pieces and roll into balls. Chill for a 12 hour. Spray small deep tart molds with oil and place 1 ball in the center of each mold. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for about 15 minutes until light golden brown. Take them from the oven and make a depression in the center by pressing the handle of a wooden spoon into the baked dough. Make the indentation big enough to hold a blueberry. Let cool and carefully remove from molds. In a small saucepan bring the maple syrup to a boil. Turn off the heat and add the blueberries stirring gently to lightly cook them. Place 1 berry in the center of each shortbread cup and sprinkle with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 14 cups powdered sugar, 2 cups flour, 34 cup cornstarch, 12 cup almond flour, 14 ounces butter, 34 teaspoon almond extract, 12 cup maple syrup, Fresh blueberries], title: Blueberry Maple Shortbread Cups, picturelink: H2Xt0Sv5qVo6TqHeV4c0yi6qiSb6Iii}, 20742: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the soup: Heat the EVOO in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic. Season with salt and pepper and cook until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the stock and peas, bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer and cook until just tender, 20 minutes. Remove half the soup and puree with the mint and parsley until smooth in a food processor or high powered blender. Return the puree to the pot, and stir in the lemon juice. Taste and adjust the salt and pepper. Cool and store for a makeahead meal.nFor the flatbread: Arrange the flatbread on a wire rack over a baking sheet, spray with the olive oil on both sides and season with salt and oregano. Roast in the oven to toasted and crisp. Store at room temperature in an airtight container.nReheat the soup over medium heat. Serve the soup garnished with feta crumbles and a light sprinkle of cumin and paprika, a drizzle of EVOO and flatbread chips., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, plus some for drizzling, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 to 8 cups chicken, or vegetable stock, or a combo of both, 2 cups green split peas, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, chopped, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, Naan, pita or flatbread, Olive oil spray, Salt, Dried oregano, Greek feta cheese crumbles, for garnish, Cumin, for garnish, Paprika, for garnish], title: Greek Split Pea Soup with Lemon, picturelink: 5xx8lYfeDWPHdQhFp1S4bp2g3zZTkju}, 20743: {instructions: Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat until it slides easily across pan bottom. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 15 minutes. Add rice, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring, until rice is heated through and slightly translucent, about 1 minute.nAdd enough stock to almost cover rice, about 2 cups. Simmer, stirring frequently, until rice has absorbed stock, 5 to 10 minutes. Stir in tomatoes, garlic, and another cup of stock. Cook, stirring, until rice looks dry, then add another cup of stock. Continue gradually adding stock, cooking, and stirring, until rice is tender and creamy, about 25 minutes. Stir in butter and cheese, season with salt and pepper, and serve.nRinse chicken bones or chicken parts well. Remove the fat and skin if any, and place into a pot with just enough hot water to cover. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and let boil for about 2 minutes. Drain the chicken and discard the water this will not remove flavor, just the blood and much of the coagulated proteins that cause scum. Return the chicken to the pot, cover with fresh water and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium and gently simmer stock for about 1 hour, skimming whenever fat or scum accumulates on the surface. Add more hot water, if necessary, to keep the level consistent.nAfter 1 hour simmering, add onion, carrot, celery, leeks, bay leaf, and peppercorns. Simmer for 15 minutes. Add parsley and thyme and simmer for an additional 15 minutes. Take pot off heat and strain stock. Cool, and refrigerate for up to 5 days or freeze for up to 4 months.nYield: approximately 12 cups stocknPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut tomatoes in half crosswise through the equator, then place tomatoes, garlic cloves, and olive oil in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper and mix gently. Line 2 large, rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper or aluminum foil. Place tomato halves on baking sheets, cut side down, and pour any olive oil left in bowl over them. Divide garlic and thyme evenly between baking sheets. Bake until tomato skins loosen, about 20 minutes.nRemove and discard tomato skins. Pour any juices that have accumulated into a bowl and reserve. Return tomatoes to oven and reduce temperature to 275 degrees. Continue roasting, periodically pouring off and reserving juices, until tomatoes are slightly shrunken and appear cooked and concentrated but not yet dry, 3 or 4 hours more.nRemove tomatoes from oven and allow them to cool on baking sheets. Discard thyme. Transfer tomatoes and garlic to separate containers. Store tomatoes, garlic cloves, and reserved tomato juices in refrigerator for up to 1 week, or in the freezer for up to 6 months.nYield: 40 roasted tomato halves, approximately 20 roasted garlic cloves, and 1 to 3 cups roasted tomato juicenColicchio: A white chicken stock is the first step toward making brown chicken stock it also has many uses of its own.nRoasting intensifies the flavor of even lessthanspectacular tomatoes, in case local greenmarket varieties are unavailable...The leftover roasted garlic, incidentally, has a creamy, mellow flavor not found in the raw vegetable and makes a great spread on a piece of crusty bread., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 to 8 cups White Chicken Stock, recipe follows, 1 onion, peeled and diced, 3 roasted tomato halves, recipe follows, chopped, 1 12 cups Arborio rice or other shortgrain rice, 4 roasted garlic cloves, recipe follows, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 4 pounds uncooked chicken bones or 4 pounds chicken legs, wings, and backs, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, 1 carrot, peeled and coarsely chopped, 2 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 2 leeks, white parts only, trimmed and chopped, 1 bay leaf, Peppercorns, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 20 ripe tomatoes, stems and cores removed, 2 large heads garlic, divided into unpeeled cloves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 sprigs fresh thyme], title: Roasted Tomato Risotto, picturelink: null}, 20744: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the graham crackers in a large plastic bag. Using a rolling pin or skillet, crush the crackers into fine crumbs.nIn a bowl, combine the graham cracker crumbs, sugar and melted butter. Press the mixture into the bottom of lightly greased 8 by 8inch baking dish. Bake the crust until slightly darkened and firm to touch, approximately 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the crust from the oven and reduce the temperature to 325 degrees F, while preparing the brownie batter.nMelt the butter and semisweet chocolate together in a double boiler over simmering water. Allow to cool slightly but not harden, then add the eggs, vanilla, and sugar. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt, and add to the chocolate mixture. Add additional chocolate chips, if desired, at the last minute, folding them in to combine.nPour the brownie batter over the graham cracker crust and bake for 35 to 40 minutes, taking care not to overbake. A tester stuck into the brownies will not come out clean when done cooking. The idea is to create a center with a texture close to fudge. Remove the brownies from the oven and allow to cool before topping with marshmallows.nTo serve, top the brownies with marshmallows and broil until the marshmallows are melted, golden and bubbling. Serve immediately and enjoy., ingredients: [20 graham crackers, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 3 large eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk chocolate chips, 12 cup 60 percent cacao bittersweet chips, optional, 1 bag marshmallows], title: Smore Brownies, picturelink: null}, 20745: {instructions: Whip the butter until smooth in an electric mixer. Add in the pomegranate molasses and orange zest and beat until smooth. Transfer to a ramekin. Serve immediately or refrigerate for up to 1 week.nServe on pancakes, muffins, biscuits or scones., ingredients: [1 stick salted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, Zest of 12 small orange about 14 teaspoon], title: Pomegranate Molasses Butter, picturelink: 36BQofC5Y6GzR0iHMA4U7NgLPOI7k2}, 20746: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a large griddle pan over medium heat with vegetable oil.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the eggs, cream, sugar, salt, and cayenne until blended. Pour into an 8 by 8inch baking pan.nSpread some of the barbecue sauce onto each slice of bread. On 4 pieces bread, add 1 slice each of cheese, ham, and turkey, and repeat layer. Top with the other pieces of bread and press the sandwiches together with your hands. Dip into the wet batter turn to coat.nAdd the battered sandwiches to the hot griddle and cook until golden brown on 1 side. Flip and continue cooking the other side until golden. Remove to a racklined sheet tray. Put into the preheated oven and bake until the cheese melts, about 5 more minutes. Remove to a cutting board and slice into triangles. Dust with Neelys dry rub, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup Neelys BBQ sauce, 8 slices hearty white sandwich bread, 8 thin slices deli smoked Gouda, 8 thin slices deli honey baked ham, 8 thin slices deli smoked turkey, Neelys Dry Rub, for dusting, optional], title: Memphis Monte Cristo, picturelink: Vu8DMMftHuWtOdvuJGIypBWqzZNQ0aO}, 20747: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDrain the soaked chiles and put them in a blender with the marjoram, oregano, garlic, 14 of the chopped onion and the pineapple juice and puree until smooth. Add the salt and pepper. Mix to combine.nPut the pork in large bowl and pour the marinade on top. Using a fork, mix well. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nDivide the pork mixture into 8 equal portions. Shape each portion into a 12inch thick patty.nOil the grill pan. Working in batches, grill the burgers until cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes per side. Transfer the burgers to a plate and cover with aluminum foil to keep warm. Let rest for about 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, brush the grill pan with oil and grill the pineapple slices until golden brown, 2 minutes per side.nSpread 1 teaspoon mayonnaise on the cut sides of each bun and warm on the grill pan about 2 minutes, cutside down.nPlace a burgers onto the bottom half of the bun. Top with a slice of grilled pineapple, some cilantro and the remaining chopped onion. Cover with the bun tops and serve., ingredients: [6 dried guajillo chiles, stemmed, seeded and soaked, 2 teaspoons crumbled dried marjoram, 2 teaspoons crumbled dried oregano, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 small white onion, chopped, divided, 12 cup sweetened pineapple juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground pepper, 2 pounds extralean ground pork, Vegetable oil, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and sliced into 12inch thick rounds, 12 cup mayonnaise, 8 sesame seed hamburger buns, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves], title: Burger Al Pastor, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 20748: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the butter and granulated sugar. Cream on high speed until the butter is light and fluffy, about 6 minutes. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.nCombine the coconut milk, whole eggs, egg whites and vanilla extract. Alternately add the flour mixture and the coconut milk mixture to the creamed butter in three stages, allowing the batter to mix for 30 seconds after adding the dry or wet ingredients. Fold in the desiccated coconut. Fill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake until golden brown and baked through, about 25 minutes.nFor the dark rum syrup: Bring the granulated sugar and 1 ounce water to a gentle simmer. Remove from the heat and stir in the dark rum. Liberally douse the baked cupcakes with syrup immediately upon removing the cupcakes from the oven. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the pineapple filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sprinkle the brown sugar into the bottom of an 8inch square baking dish. Drizzle the honey and sprinkle the cinnamon on top of the brown sugar. Peel, core and small dice the pineapple. Evenly distribute the pineapple over the brown sugar. Wrap the baking dish with aluminum foil and bake for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven, remove the foil and stir the pineapple and liquefied sugar. Replace the foil and bake the pineapple for another 15 minutes. Remove from the oven, remove the foil and stir the pineapple and liquefied sugar. Bake the pineapple, uncovered, for another 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool completely.nFor the tangelo cream cheese icing: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle, beat the butter until light and fluffy on mediumhigh speed. Add the cream cheese and mix on mediumhigh speed until well combined and lump free. Scrape down the sides of the mixer bowl and add the powdered sugar. Stir on low speed until well combined. Add the vanilla extract and tangelo paste and beat on mediumhigh speed for 2 minutes. Place in a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip.nTo assemble: Using an apple corer, remove the center core of the baked cupcakes and fill with oven roasted pineapple. Pipe tangelo cream cheese icing generously on top of the cupcakes. Roll the cupcake icing in toasted desiccated coconut, and garnish with a mandarin orange segment and rolled fondant street sign., ingredients: [3 14 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 5 12 ounces granulated sugar, 5 14 ounces cake flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 ounces coconut milk, 1 12 ounces whole eggs, 2 ounces egg whites, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 12 ounces desiccated coconut, 1 ounce granulated sugar, 2 ounces dark rum, 6 14 ounces light brown sugar, 1 12 ounces clover honey, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 small ripe pineapple about 1 pound, 5 12 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 17 12 ounces cream cheese, 9 ounces powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 ounce tangeloflavored paste, such as Amoretti, Desiccated coconut, Mandarin orange segments, Rolled fondant street sign], title: Cruising Down Collins, picturelink: e8NShaztqrTe8OdSTkqM530W2P1KAlW}, 20749: {instructions: Make the cocktails: In a glass pitcher, muddle the raspberries and jalapeno, then fill halfway with ice. Add the tequila, grapefruit juice, lime juice and agave. Take a second pitcher the same size and pour one into the other repeatedly to mix the drink together. Top it off with club soda or lemonlime soda.nMake the grapefruit salt: Crush the salt and grapefruit zest together with a mortar and pestle, then spread on a plate. Run a lime wedge around the rim of each glass, then dip the glasses in the grapefruit salt. Fill with the cocktails.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [12 fresh raspberries, 4 thin slices jalapeno pepper, 12 ounces tequila preferably 100 percent blue agave tequila blanco, 12 ounces fresh ruby red grapefruit juice, 3 ounces fresh lime juice, 3 ounces agave syrup, 10 ounces club soda or lemonlime soda, 14 cup kosher salt, Zest of 1 grapefruit, Lime wedges, for the glasses], title: Raspberry Picante Paloma Pitchers, picturelink: FOOVP1oBlsunT7XjLAc2XawwqyMFEXe}, 20750: {instructions: To make the cake:nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Brush two 8inch round cake pans with oil, line the bottoms with circles of parchment paper, lightly brush the paper and pan with oil, and dust with flour.nPut the flour, baking powder, and salt into the bowl of a food processor. Add the sugar and orange zest and pulse a few times to combine evenly. Cut the butter into small pieces and add to dry ingredients. Pulse until the mixture looks like coarse sand, with some peasize bits of butter, about 5 times.nWhisk the milk, eggs, and vanilla together in a liquid measuring cup. With the processor running, pour in the wet ingredients and process to make a smooth batter this takes less than a minute. Divide the batter between the prepared pans and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes.nCool the cakes on a rack for 15 minutes. Then run a knife around the edges of the pans, turn the cakes out onto a plate, and peel off the paper. Flip the cakes upright and cool completely on the rack, about 45 minutes. This is importanticing a warm cake is not a happy thing.nWhen ready to ice the cake, make the frosting:nPut the chocolates in a medium microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on medium for a minute, stir, and repeat until chocolate melts, about 3 minutes in all. Or put chocolates in a heatproof bowl set over an inch or so of water at a very slow simmer set the bowl on the pan dont let the bowl touch the water. Stir occasionally until smooth.nLet chocolate cool slightly. Stir the sour cream, coffee, and vanilla into the chocolates. Beat with a handheld electric mixer until frosting is silky and fluffy. Spread frosting soon after making it it firms up at room temperature.nSet a large flat plate on a large inverted bowl or bottom of a salad spinner of course, if you have a cake stand, use that. Dab a little frosting in the center of the plate and place a cake layer, top side up, on top. With an offset spatula, scoop about onethird of the frosting onto the cake and spread it evenly to the edge of the cake. Place the other layer on top and press down lightly. Spread another third of the frosting around the sides. Spread the remaining frosting on the top of the cake. Lightly touch the frosting with the back of a spoon to make swirly peaks. Serve immediately or set aside at room temperature for up to 2 hours before serving. If refrigerating the cake, bring to room temperature 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Oil for brushing the pans, 2 cups cake flour or 1 23 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for pans, 13 cup cornstarch, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup milk, at room temperature, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 14 pounds milk chocolate, chopped, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 16ounce container sour cream 2 cups, 1 tablespoon coffee, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract], title: Birthday Cake with Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: null}, 20751: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Boneshape cookie cutternPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray or line with a silicon baking mat. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, oats and baking powder. Stir in the broth and peanut butter until the mixture forms a crumbly dough. Press the dough together to form a ball.nOn a lightly floured work surface, knead the dough for 30 seconds until smooth. Roll out the dough into a 10inch circle, about 12inch thick. Using a boneshape cookie cutter, cut out bones and place on the prepared baking sheet any scraps of dough can be formed into a ball and rerolled. Sprinkle with the Parmesan.nBake until light golden, 20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and cool completely. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 cups whole wheat flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup old fashioned oats, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 cup low sodium chicken broth, 1 cup creamy peanut butter, at room temperature, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Peanut Butter Dog Bone Treats, picturelink: a4DSLmWIIYdObmbG0cVX5w0LRMY57JW}, 20752: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over moderately high heat until hot. Add the potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally until golden brown. Add the onion and bell pepper and cook, stirring until tender. Transfer the vegetables to a bowl and add the butter and the ham to the pan. Cook, stirring occasionally until the ham is golden. Add the potatoes and vegetables back to the pan, and heat until crispy. Season with salt and pepper. If desired, top each portion with a fried egg.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Scrub the potatoes, prick them with a knife in a few places, and roast on the middle shelf of the oven for 1 hour, or until they are very tender., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound 2 large baking potatoes, like russets, baked, cooled, stored in fridge over night, peeled, and cut into small dice, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 1 red or bell green pepper, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups cooked and finely diced ham, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 fried eggs, for garnish, 4 large baking potatoes, like russets], title: Pepper, Ham, and Potato Hash Browns, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 20753: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHalve the potatoes and toss them into a large baking dish and season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, put the cream, butter, herbs, and garlic in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook for about 5 minutes, to infuse the cream with flavor. Season with salt and pepper.nPour the hot cream mixture through a strainer over the potatoes, discard the herbs and garlic, if there is not enough cream to go 34 of the way up the potatoes then pour some additional cream on top to make up the difference. Sprinkle the Parmesan evenly over the top. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until the potatoes are cooked through and top begins to brown. Cover and keep warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 pounds mixed baby potatoes, such as Red Bliss, Peruvian Purples, and Fingerlings, 2 cups heavy cream, plus some to cover, 4 tablespoons butter 12 stick, 2 sprigs each fresh thyme, sage, and rosemary, 2 garlic cloves, cracked, Salt and pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Autumn Potato Gratin, picturelink: 2zGAgnylXXAvIeC0aqESmcoBn4xr3DC}, 20754: {instructions: Pick through the beans and discard any debris  wash under cold running water. In a food processor, add garlic, onion, bell pepper, and cilantro.nSet a large pot over medium heat and add a 3count of olive oil. Add the oregano and cumin. Add vegetable puree and saute until just fragrant, 7 to 10 minutes. Add beans, ham hock, jalapeno, and stock. Slightly cover and simmer for 2 hours until beans are tender.nWhen cooked, remove bay leaves and take out ham hock. Cut ham meat off the bone, cut into pieces and set aside.nUsing a blender or immersion blender, puree just enough of the beans and stock about a third of the total pot to thicken up the soup and bring everything together. Season with salt and pepper and fold ham meat back into the soup.nMake the crema by combining sour cream and zest. Serve each soup with a spoonful of lime crema, a squeeze of lime and some fresh cilantro., ingredients: [1 pound dried black beans, 4 cloves garlic, 2 onions, roughly chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 14 bunch fresh cilantro, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 smoked ham hock, 1 jalapeno, split, 1 34 quarts lowsodium chicken stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons lime zest, Lime wedges, for garnish, Cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Black Bean Soup, picturelink: null}, 20755: {instructions: Make the apple jam: Peel, core and cube the apples. Combine in a saucepan with the cinnamon sticks and 2 tablespoons sugar cover and bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat. Uncover and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 20 minutes. Let cool.nMeanwhile, make the simple syrup: Combine 12 cup each sugar and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool.nMake the cocktail: Combine 1 teaspoon of the apple jam, 12 ounce simple syrup, the lime juice and whiskey in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake vigorously and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with a dried apple slice.nPhotograph by James Wojcik, ingredients: [2 honeycrisp apples, 2 cinnamon sticks, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, 2 ounces rye whiskey, preferably Rittenhouse, Dried apple slice, for garnish], title: Rooster Apple Sour, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 20756: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Wrap each roll in foil and bake until crisp on the outside, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the carrot, cucumber, vinegar and 2 teaspoons fish sauce in a bowl set aside, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Combine the mayonnaise, Sriracha and the remaining 1 teaspoon fish sauce in a small bowl. Beat the eggs in a medium bowl.nUnwrap the rolls spread the bottom buns with the mayonnaise mixture and top with the pate.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the eggs and cook, stirring, until just set, about 3 minutes divide among the rolls. Add the basil and carrotcucumber salad to the sandwiches and drizzle with some of the vinegar mixture from the salad bowl. Serve with potato chips sprinkle the chips with vinegar and drizzle with Sriracha.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [4 kaiser rolls, split open, 1 carrot, thinly sliced, 1 Persian cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon seasoned rice vinegar, plus more for the chips, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 to 3 teaspoons Sriracha Asian chile sauce, plus more for the chips, 8 large eggs, 4 ounces country pate or liverwurst, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup fresh basil, Potato chips, for serving], title: Vietnamese Egg Sandwiches, picturelink: F7N645DFMqTcHVVNBxwiGqlHv8AcsG}, 20757: {instructions: Preheat a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, with enough canola oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 375 degrees F.nIn a mediumsized bowl, mix together the chives, jalapenos, shallots, garlic, white wine vinegar, and mustard. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nSeason the pork with salt and pepper, to taste. In a mediumsized bowl, whisk the buttermilk and egg together. In a large bowl, combine the flour, paprika, cayenne, salt and pepper, to taste. Coat the pork on all sides in the buttermilk. Drain the pork from the buttermilk and add the chunks to the flour. Toss the pork in the flour insuring all of the pork is coated evenly. Shake off excess flour. Working in batches, deepfry the nuggets until cooked through and crisp, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the pork from the fryer to a paper towel lined platter to drain. Transfer the pork to a serving platter and serve with jalapeno mustard., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 14 cup minced pickled jalapenos, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 12 cups wholegrain mustard, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 pounds pork loin, cut into chunks, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 1 egg, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon cayenne], title: CountryFried Pork Nuggets, picturelink: wT0Jx6oBlhMb1ZtwBZEez98PnHAzuT6}, 20758: {instructions: Cut off the tips of the chicken wings, reserving them for making stock if desired, and halve the wings at the joints. With a small knife, scrape the meat down the bones as far as possible to make plump drumstick and remove the thinner bone from the pieces with 2 bones. Arrange the drumsticks on a large plate and chill them for 1 hour.nDredge the drumsticks in flour, shaking off the excess, dip them in the egg mixture, letting the excess drip off, and roll them lightly in the crumbs, and shaking off the excess. Arrange the drumsticks 3 inches apart on buttered jellyroll pans and chill them for an hour. Drizzle the drumsticks with the butter and bake them in a preheated moderately hot oven 375 degrees F for 35 to 40 minutes, or until they are golden brown.nThe drumsticks may be made up to 1 day ahead, cooled, and chilled, covered. Reheat the drumsticks in a preheated moderate oven 350 degrees F for 20 minutes or until they are hot.nTransfer the drumsticks to a napkinlined basket., ingredients: [16 chicken wings, 12 cup seasoned flour, 2 large eggs beaten lightly with 4 tablespoons milk, 2 cups fine fresh bread crumbs, 6 tablespoons melted unsalted butter], title: Chicken Wing Drumsticks, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 20759: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the diced tomatoes, whole tomatoes, cilantro, onions, garlic, jalapeno, cumin, salt, sugar and lime juice in a blender or food processor. This is a very large batch. I recommend using a 12cup food processor, or you can process the ingredients in batches and then mix everything together in a large mixing bowl.nPulse until you get the salsa to the consistency youd like. I do about 10 to 15 pulses. Test seasonings with a tortilla chip and adjust as needed.nRefrigerate the salsa for at least an hour before serving., ingredients: [Two 10ounce cans diced tomatoes and green chiles, such as Rotel, One 28ounce can whole tomatoes with juice, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves or more to taste, 14 cup chopped onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 whole jalapeno, quartered and sliced thin, with seeds and membrane, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon sugar, 12 whole lime, juiced], title: RestaurantStyle Salsa, picturelink: kt5fdHWv4wEs.Ooukc5ZnJMTFFQYY5W}, 20760: {instructions: Preheat oven to broil.nIn a large bowl gently toss bread crumbs, herbs, olive oil, salt and pepper. Be careful not to overwork the mixture. Set aside.nLine a baking sheet with salt and arrange 12 clam shells. Put 1 clam in each shell and top with 2 tablespoons of the bread crumb mixture. Drizzle with olive oil. Broil 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup plain dry bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 shucked Manilla clams, shells reserved, Coarse salt, for lining baking sheet], title: Clams Oreganata, picturelink: ljVdwPHS9FJyyJ5lO9RFX9M.Ql56}, 20761: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor work bowl, add sugar and lemon zest. Process until sugar and zest are well mixed, about 20 seconds. Scrape into a large mixing bowl. Reserve about 12 cup of lemon sugar in a separate bowl for later use.nAdd flour, baking powder and salt into food processor and pulse briefly to mix. Add cold butter into food processor with flour mixture and process with short pulses until mixture resembles cornmeal and no large lumps of butter remain, about 10 pulses. Pour this mixture into the sugar and lemon mixture in the large mixing bowl and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, mix egg yolks, vanilla extract and lemon juice together.nUsing an electric mixer with a paddle attachment, pour in the lemonsugar and flourbutter mixture and stir until combined, about 15 seconds. Then, while the mixer is still running, slowly add egglemon juice mixture and mix until well combined and dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl, about 15 to 30 seconds.nScrape the dough into a large bowl and refrigerate until cold, but not solid, about 30 minutes. Use an ice cream scoop to scoop the dough onto parchmentlined cookie sheets. Take the dough balls and roll the tops into the reserved lemon sugar. Use the bottom of a water glass to press the cookies flat, about 14inch thick. Bake the cookies until slightly browned, about 15 minutes. Remove the parchment paper with the cookies from the tray to a cooling rack and cool completely, about 1 hour. Once the cookies have completely cooled, ice with Lemon Icing.n1 pound 2 cups confectioners sugarn6 tablespoons lemon juicenIn a medium bowl, whisk sugar and lemon juice together until smooth. Spoon onto cooled cookies, and spread evenly with the back of a spoon. Let stand on a cooling rack until the glaze is set, about 1 hour.nYield: enough for 3 dozen cookies, ingredients: [4 cups sugar, 12 cup lemon zest, about 6 to 8 lemons, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1inch cubes, chilled, 5 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 34 cup lemon juice, Lemon Icing, recipe follows], title: Iced Lemon Cookies, picturelink: A2NOstrNLch.oU1QiM3SiCXjQFJBntW}, 20762: {instructions: In a small bowl with a fork, mash goat cheese with enough cream to make a spreadable consistency. Add basil, green onion, garlic, and salt, to taste. Mix well. Garnish with fresh nasturtium flowers, if available, and serve with warm tortillas alongside. To eat, spread a few spoonfuls of goat cheese mixture inside a tortilla and roll up., ingredients: [6 ounces fresh goat cheese, 2 to 4 tablespoons heavy cream, 8 medium fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 large green onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, Salt, Fresh nasturtium flowers, optional, Warm corn tortillas], title: Fresh Goat Cheese Spread, picturelink: null}, 20763: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt butter in a roasting pan. Transfer 34 of the melted butter into a shallow dish and stir in the minced garlic. In another shallow dish combine bread crumbs, Parmesan, chopped herbs, paprika, salt and pepper. Coat each piece of chicken with the garlic butter mixture, then dredge in bread crumb mixture and transfer to roasting pan. Repeat process for remaining pieces of chicken. Drizzle any remaining garlic butter mixture over coated chicken. Bake in oven for 1 to 1 14 hours until coating is golden brown and chicken meat slides off a fork., ingredients: [3 pounds chicken pieces, including 2 legs, 2 thighs, 2 breasts, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, oregano andor tarragon, 2 teaspoons paprika, Salt and pepper], title: OvenFried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 20764: {instructions: To make the ice cream: Combine the milk, heavy cream, sugar, and vanilla bean in a saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Pour 14 cup of the hot mixture in a steady stream over the egg yolks, whisking constantly. Repeat until all the milk mixture has been added. Strain the ice cream base through a fine sieve and cool in an ice bath. When the mixture is cool add the beer, transfer to an ice cream maker, and process according to the manufacturers instructions. Spoon the ice cream into a plastic container and freeze for at least 1 hour before serving.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nTo make the coconut straws: Combine the butter, sugar, honey, and glucose in a heavybottomed pan. Heat the mixture over mediumhigh heat until a candy thermometer indicates a temperature of 280 degrees F. Stirring constantly, remove the pot from the stove. Add the coconut, then quickly and carefully spread the mixture out on a parchment lined baking sheet. Cool the mixture then cut 4 14inch wide strips. Place the strips on a nonstick baking sheet preferably a silpat then bake until golden, about 10 to 15 minutes. Cool the strips for 5 minutes the strips should be firm but pliable then roll them into thin straws.nFill 4 tall, chilled beer glasses with 3 scoops of ice cream each. Pour beer into each glass then top with another scoop or 2 of ice cream. Garnish with the coconut straws and serve., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, scraped, 1 14 cups egg yolks, 1 cup Guinness beer, 12 cup butter, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup honey, 12 cup glucose, 12 cup shredded unsweetened coconut, 24 ounces Guinness beer 2 bottles], title: Guinness Float, picturelink: null}, 20765: {instructions: Combine the brandy, rum and dried fruit in a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave until hot, 1 to 2 minutes let stand 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the butter, unsweetened chocolate and chocolate chips in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until smooth let cool 10 minutes. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl.nMix the eggs, granulated sugar and vanilla in a large bowl using a wooden spoon. Stir in the melted chocolate mixture. Add the flour mixture and stir vigorously until incorporated. Stir in the soaked dried fruit and liquid. Cover and refrigerate until the dough is slightly firm, about 1 hour.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Scoop tablespoonfuls of dough about 2 inches apart onto 2 ungreased baking sheets. Bake, switching the position of the pans halfway through, until slightly puffed and set on top, about 14 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely. Dust with confectioners sugar.nThe way you measure flour can make a big difference in your cookies: Spoon into measuring cups, then level with a knife. Do not pack.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [34 cup mixed dried fruit such as raisins, pears and apricots, chopped if large, 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar, for dusting optional, 3 tablespoons brandy, 3 tablespoons rum], title: Fruitcake Brownie Drops, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 20766: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add rice, black beans and adobo seasoning and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork., ingredients: [1 12 cups water, 1 cup instant brown rice, 1 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 teaspoon adobo seasoning with cumin], title: Adobo Rice and Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 20767: {instructions: Spread the butter on 1 side of each slice of bread. On the other side of half of the slices spread peanut butter. Place banana slices on top of peanut butter. Drizzle honey over bananas. Place 3 bacon slices on top of the banana, then place the remaining buttered bread slices on top, buttersideout.nPlace sandwiches on a preheated grill pan or griddle. Flip them over when they become golden brown and crispy. When the sandwiches are browned on both sides, remove to plates. Slice in half and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, softened, 8 slices white bread, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 1 large, ripe banana, sliced, 14 cup honey, 12 slices bacon, Sauteed until crispy optional], title: The Elvis, picturelink: null}, 20768: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. With an electric beater, mix all the ingredients for the frangipane cream just until blended. On a slightly floured cold surface, cut 2 circles the size of dinner plates out of the puff pastry. Put one of them on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Brush one inch around the edge of the circle with egg wash beaten egg yolk. Spread half of the frangipane cream on the center and place the second circle on top matching the edges of the circles. Press all around the edges to glue them together. Press softly in the center to evenly spread the filling. If making 2 galettes use remaining cream and follow the same method for preparation.nDecorate the galette with a fork, press edges together all aroundno pricking. With the point of a knife, make any kind of design being careful not to go all the way through the puff pastry. Brush the surface with egg wash being careful no to get any on the sides.nBake the galette in the center of a preheated 450 degree oven for 15 minutes then 350 degrees for 30 minutes. For the last 5 minutes, sprinkle with powdered sugar and bake until golden brown. Serve warm with gold paper crown on top.nFor the tradition of Epiphany in the privacy of your kitchen cut the galette in as many parts as people in the party. In one of them, insert a little ceramic toy big enough to prevent swallowing. In the old days, they used a dried fava bean, so to this day it is still called la feve. Everyone picks 1 piece of galette the one who discovers the toy is made the king of the day and wears the crown. He picks a queen by putting the toy in her glass and everyone raises his or her glass and applauds. Same process in reverse if a lady finds the toy. Tradition says that the next party should be at the kings expense., ingredients: [1 or 2 packages 17.3ounce store bought puff pastry sheets, if frozen thaw in refrigerator, 1 cup soft butter, 1 cup ground blanched almonds, 4 tablespoons flour, 3 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 pinch salt, Powdered sugar, for dusting, Egg yolk mixed with 1 tablespoon water], title: Galette des RoisKing Cake, picturelink: null}, 20769: {instructions: Heat barbecue grill until very hot. Prepare garlic for roasting be removing outer, papery layer. Slice off top of garlic so that cloves are exposed. Drizzle with 12 teaspoon of olive oil, wrap tightly in double thick square of foil and place directly on rack of hot grill. Repeat this same procedure with onions warp individually.nRub portobello caps, stems, criminis with olive oil, salt and pepper, add to grill with onions and garlic. Remove portobello caps, stems, and criminis from grille after lightly browned do not overcook, approximately 3 to 5 minutes on each side. Cut portobello stems and criminis into 14inch strips, set aside, keep warm while cooking chicken.nOn the stove or in a pan on the barbecue grill, heat a saute pan until hot, add 1 tablespoon of olive oil, add the roasted garlic and saute for 15 seconds do not brown. Reduce heat to medium high, toss chicken strips in flour, and add to garlic mixture. Season with salt and pepper, add red pepper flakes and saute quickly until lightly golden browned and chicken begins to stick to pan. Add wine, butter and reduce heat to medium. Continue cooking until light sauce develops approximately 5 minutes, toss in herbs and continue cooking for 1 to 2 minutes then remove from heat.nTo assemble, place mushroom caps on plates, sprinkle with shredded Parmesan cheese. Gently toss together chicken strips, pepper strips, onion strips, and mushroom strips and pile on portobello cap. Add 2 to 3 Parmesan curls, decorate with a basil sprig and serve warm., ingredients: [1 medium head garlic, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large Vidalia onions, 6 large portobello mushroom caps, stems removed save stems, 12 pound crimini mushrooms, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts cut into 14strips, 1 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes to taste optional, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon fresh herbs, shredded such as basil and Italian parsley to taste, 2 each, whole green, yellow, and red bell peppers stems and seeds removed, cut in strips, 14 cup shredded, aged Parmesan cheese, Thinly sliced chunks of very dry, aged Parmesan cheese, for top and presentation, Basil sprigs, for garnish], title: Portobello Mushrooms Stuffed with Chicken, picturelink: null}, 20770: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the ends off the zucchini and discard. Using a mandolin or carefully with a sharp knife slice the zucchini lengthwise into very thin slices. Stack the slices and cut with a knife lengthwise into 14 inchthick ribbons.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in large nonstick skillet over a medium heat. Add 1 clove of the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the zucchini ribbons, cover and cook until the zucchini is tender, stirring occasionally, about 6 minutes. Transfer the zucchini to a bowl.nCook the pasta al dente according to the directions on the package. Ladle out a half cup of the pasta water and set aside. Drain the pasta and return it to the pasta pot.nMeanwhile, make the sauce. Stir the flour into the lowfat milk until it is completely dissolved. Put the remaining tablespoon of olive oil in the skillet and heat over a mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining clove of garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the flourmilk mixture and cook until the mixture begins to boil, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes more. Add the evaporated milk, salt and the cheese and cook, stirring, until the cheese is melted, about 1 minute. Season with additional salt to taste.nAdd the sauce, the zucchini and 3 tablespoons of the parsley to the pasta in the pot and toss to combine. Add a little of the reserved pasta water as necessary to loosen.nTo serve, place 2 cups of the pasta mixture on each plate and garnish with remaining parsley.nExcellent Source of: Calcium, Copper, Fiber, Folate, Iron, Magnesium, Manganese, Molybdenum, Niacin, Phosphorus, Potassium, Protein, Riboflavin, Selenium, Thiamin, Vitamin B6, Vitamin C, Vitamin KnGood Source of: Iodine, Pantothenic Acid, Vitamin A, Vitamin B12, Vitamin D, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 medium zucchini about 8 ounces each, 12 ounces Fettuccini pasta, preferably whole wheat, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup cold 1 lowfat milk, 12 cup evaporated skim milk not condensed milk, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste, 34 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Fettuccini Alfredo with Zucchini Ribbons, picturelink: l1.ojKb3TC3GO0Dbgi6fbJsa.rErjO}, 20771: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small bowl combine Parmesan cheese, cashews, lemon zest, garlic powder, and pinch of salt, and set aside.nPlace the broccoli on a baking sheet. Drizzle with butter and toss. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nRoast in the oven until broccoli begins to caramelize, about 20 minutes. Remove, and toss the broccoli with the cashew mixture. Serve warm., ingredients: [14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup salted cashews, lightly chopped, Zest of 1 lemon, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt, 1 pound fresh broccoli, florets removed and separated, 2 tablespoons melted butter, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Broccoli and Cashew Crunch, picturelink: gw6p2Bxd2GXOxvXlDk.xBFwWBRLPi.2}, 20772: {instructions: Bring water, sugar, lemon juice, and allspice to a boil in a small saucepan over moderate heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Boil until reduced to about 14 cup. Remove allspice and stir in berries. Cook, tossing gently until berries are warm and juices begin releasing, about 3 to 4 minutes.nServe over storebought angel food cake and top with whipped cream.nBeat cream in a chilled bowl until frothy. Slowly beat in sugar and vanilla and continue beating until soft, glossy peaks form, scraping bowl often. Refrigerate until ready to use, then beat lightly with a whisk before serving.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [12 cup water, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 3 whole allspice, 3 cups fresh or frozen marionberries, Angel food cake, storebought, Whipped cream, as an accompaniment, recipe follows, 1 cup very cold heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Marionberry Compote with Angel Food Cake, picturelink: null}, 20773: {instructions: Toast banana leaves on stovetop to make pliable. Line baking pan with banana leaves and place fish on top of leaves. Arrange poblano peppers and onion over fish.nIn a small bowl, combine olive oil, lime juice, and HERDEZu00ae Salsa Verde pour mixture over fish. Fold over banana leaves, fully enclosing fish. Bake 15 to 20 minutes.nRemove fish from oven, open banana leaves and gently transfer fish and ingredients to plate, drizzle with HERDEZu00ae Guacamole Salsa., ingredients: [8 ounces red snapper fillets, 2 large banana leaves, 1 poblano pepper, sliced, 12 onion, sliced, 12 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 4 ounces HERDEZu00ae Salsa Verde, 4 ounces HERDEZu00ae Guacamole Salsa, Heat oven to 375u00b0F., Clean fish and remove bones.], title: Red Snapper Wrapped in Banana Leaves, picturelink: 986SVAifaks53co6DBl6AO1Zl3ZTxC}, 20774: {instructions: In a hot saucepan, add canola oil and caramelize chiles, garlic, ginger, beans and onions. Add hoisin, stir often and cook for 2 minutes. Add beef and deglaze with shaohsing. Turn heat down and simmer for 45 minutes. Check for seasoning.nCook noodles in salted water until al dente. Drain well and place in bowls. Top with cucumber, carrots and bean sprouts. Ladle on hot beef sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Canola oil, 3 minced Thai bird chiles, 14 cup minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, 1 red onion fined diced, 23 cup hoisin, 1 pound ground beef, 12 cup shaohsing, Chinese white wine, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 cucumber, peeled and julienned, 2 carrots julienned, 2 cups bean sprouts], title: Egg Noodles with Sweet and Spicy Beef Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20775: {instructions: Place the veal chops on a work surface and season with salt and pepper. Place a slice of lemon on top of each chop. Top with 1 leaf of sage. Lay a large piece of prosciutto on each chop and press to seal.nWarm the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Place the veal chops in the hot oil, lemon side down. Saute until the prosciutto starts to caramelize, about 2 minutes. Turn the veal over and saute for another 2 minutes. Remove to a platter and set aside.nDeglaze the pan with the white wine, scraping up the brown bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the chicken broth and reduce by half. Add the tomatoes, cream, salt, and pepper. Stir until combined and hot. Pour the sauce over the veal and top with the remaining 1 teaspoon finely chopped sage. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 veal chops, pounded 12 to 14inch thick, 4 thin lemon slices, 4 sage leaves, plus 1 teaspoon finely chopped, 4 large slices prosciutto, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup chicken broth, 1 14.5 can whole tomatoes, drained and chopped, 12 cup cream, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Veal and Lemon Saltimbocca, picturelink: eTk863Qaz1uEJ4Icf1MEPeqKT.s00hy}, 20776: {instructions: Heat oil in a shallow casserole and brown garlic. Take it off the heat and remove garlic from the oil. Add water and salt to the oil and bring to a rolling boil. Add the washed rice and stir. Bring to a rolling boil again, cover and cook over low heat for approximately 30 minutes., ingredients: [9 tablespoons oil, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 9 cups water, 3 tablespoons salt, 3 pounds rice, washed], title: White Rice Arroz Blanco, picturelink: gNhFXZTi.elzUng3PZLy3.hnFb.Q3hy}, 20777: {instructions: In a chilled bowl, whip the cream until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Add the sugar and vanilla. Whip to soft, fluffy peaks, about 2 minutes.nFOR THE CAKE: Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Line a 12slot muffin tin with large paper or foil cupcakes liners.nInto a large mixing bowl, sift the flour, baking powder, 14 teaspoon of the salt, and 12 cup of the sugar togetherthree times. Form a well in the center and add the oil, egg yolks, sherry, and apple juice concentrate. On low speed, mix together, just until blended.nIn a clean, dry mixing bowl, whisk the egg whites with the pinches of salt and cream of tartar until creamy, foamy, and barely able to hold peaks, about 2 minutes. While sprinkling in the remaining 12 cup of sugar, whisk until the egg whites have the consistency of shaving cream.nFold 13 of the egg whites into the yolk mixture. Fold in the remainder of the whites. Fill the cups of the muffin tin no more than 23 full with the batter. Bake for 16 minutes, or until the center springs back when lightly pressed and a cake tester comes out clean. Cool the cupcakes on a rack.nCut 12 2 14inch circles and 12 2 by 8 12inch bands out of glossy card stock. Wrap the bands around the circles to form cups and secure with tape or decorative ribbon. Do not tape any part of the circle. It must remain free to move.nFOR THE FILLING: Mix the preserves and apple juice until smooth. Split the cakes into 2 layers. Spread 1 teaspoon of the preserves in between layers. Place the cakes in the paper holders so that the cake top is even with the paper rim.nFill a pastry bag, fitted with a star tip, with whipped cream. Pipe it to rise 1inch above the paper rims. Top each with a strawberry., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup cake flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon plus pinch salt, 1 cup sugar, divided, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 large eggs, separated, 14 cup cream sherry, such as Harveys or Dry Sack, 14 cup frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed, Pinch cream of tartar, 14 cup raspberry jam or preserves, 2 tablespoons apple juice or water, 1 recipe Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 12 strawberries], title: Charlotte Russe, picturelink: null}, 20778: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss salad ingredients.nIn a small bowl, whisk together juice, vinegar, garlic, soy sauce and Worcestershire. In a slow stream, whisk in oil. Pour dressing over salad and toss., ingredients: [1 pound spinach and mixed salad greens, washed and torn into bitesize pieces, 14 pound watercress, washed and torn into bitesize pieces, 1 large red onion, sliced thinly, 12 cup radishes, sliced, 12 cup bean sprouts, 1 avocado, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes, 12 cup apple juice, 14 cup vinegar rice wine or cider, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 2 teaspoons olive oil], title: Salad with Apple Dressing, picturelink: null}, 20779: {instructions: Microwave 3 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate, 12 cup heavy cream and 1 tablespoon butter until just melted, about 1 minute. Whisk in 1 teaspoon vanilla and 1 tablespoon brandy. Serve strawberries with the chocolate sauce, sour cream and turbinado sugar for dipping.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Strawberries and Dip, picturelink: gKZeH4pxgayPVNrZOibIh.u5bA83nK}, 20780: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace potatoes in a pot, cover them with water, then bring water up to a boil salt it and cook potatoes until forktender, 10 to 12 minutes or so.nWhile the potatoes are working, combine veal with egg, bread crumbs, 12 cup cheese, sage, salt, and black pepper. Form 4 1inch thick oval shaped meat loaves. Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat with 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan. Brown meatloaves 2 to 3 minutes on each side then transfer to a nonstick baking sheet and finish in the oven, 6 to 8 minutes. Return skillet to heat, add another turn of extravirgin olive oil to the pan and the mushrooms and the garlic. Cook mushrooms until dark and tender, 5 to 6 minutes, then add salt and pepper and 1 cup chicken stock to deglaze the pan.nWhile the mushrooms cook, melt butter over medium heat in a medium saucepot. Add flour and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in milk and season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Reduce the sauce a few minutes to thicken a bit.nDrain potatoes and add them back to warm pot. Add half of the milk sauce to potatoes with prosciutto and remaining 12 cup cheese, a couple of handfuls. Smash the potatoes to desired consistency and season with salt and pepper to taste.nAdd the remaining milk sauce to the mushrooms, stir in Gorgonzola cheese to melt, then add the broth and combine. Serve the meatloaves with Gorgonzolamushroom gravy over top and prosciutto potatoes alongside. Serve with green salad or wine steeped greens, recipe follows.nHeat a deep skillet over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, and garlic. Cook garlic a couple of minutes while you chop kale then remove the clove. Crank heat up a notch them add greens to wilt them down, 2 to 3 minutes of turning is involved here. Add wine, salt, and pepper and reduce heat to simmer. Steep the greens in wine 10 minutes, stir in zest then serve.nYield: 4 servingsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 15 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [3 large russet potatoes, 2 14 to 2 12 pounds, peeled and chopped, Salt, 1 12 pounds ground veal, 1 large egg, 12 cup bread crumbs, a couple of handfuls, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 4 to 6 sprigs fresh sage, thinly sliced, Black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 10 to 12 cremini baby portobello mushrooms, quartered, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 1 cup chicken stock, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups milk, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it, 14 pound prosciutto di Parma, finely chopped have the deli slice it as thick as bacon, rather than shave it, 14 to 13 pound Gorgonzola, depending on how cheesy you like it, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 clove garlic, cracked from skin, 1 14 pounds cleaned kale, 1 large bunch, trimmed and chopped, 1 cup dry red wine, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, eyeball it], title: Veal and Sage Meatloaf with Gorgonzola Gravy and Smashed Potatoes with Prosciutto and Cheese, picturelink: PEouN31299KcX4Z8VzLdJyHq677Vy6W}, 20781: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 to 550 degrees F, as high as it goes. Cover a baking sheet with foil and set a baking rack on top if you have one  not necessary but use it if ya got it.nPlace yogurt in shallow dish and combine with ginger, 3 cloves grated garlic, chili powder, coriander, paprika, turmeric, cardamom, cumin and 2 tablespoons oil. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and coat in sauce. Arrange on baking sheet and roast 20 to 25 minutes until juices run clear.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add 1 clove grated garlic. Pulse chop the chick peas in food processor then add to garlic oil and season with salt and pepper. Mash with chicken stock and tahini and reduce heat to low.nCombine red onion, bell peppers, chopped hot peppers, to taste, 2 tablespoons hot pepper pickle juice, cilantro leaves, lime juice. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nWedge the remaining lime, reserve.nWarm and crisp pitas in hot oven last few minutes chicken is roasting.nServe chicken with lime wedges to squeeze over top. Serve mashed chick peas alongside. Top the chicken with pepper salad. Cut pitas in half and pass at table., ingredients: [1 cup Greek yogurt, 2 inches grated ginger root, 4 cloves garlic, grated, divided, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons coriander, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 tablespoons plus some for drizzling extravirgin olive oil, divided, 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut across in 12, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cans chick peas, drained, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 cup tahini paste, 1 small red onion, very thinly sliced or 12inch dice, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced or 12inch dice, Hot banana pepper rings, drained and chopped plus 2 tablespoons juice, Handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 lime, juiced, plus 1 lime, for garnish, 4 pita breads], title: Tandoori Chicken with Mashed Chick Peas and Pepper and Onion Salad, picturelink: CC0As2mCjzjk0a0SpjLSiWliYIIQJ7C}, 20782: {instructions: Put the flour into a bowl and make a well in the center. Pour the beer into the well and whisk until the mixture is just combined. Strain the batter through a sieve into a clean bowl and let it rest, covered, for 1 hour., ingredients: [1 scant cup all purpose flour plus extra for dusting, 1 cup beer], title: Beer Batter, picturelink: null}, 20783: {instructions: Sprinkle the tenderloin generously on all sides with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over high heat. Sear the beef on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove to a baking sheet and cool completely, about 20 minutes.nAdd half of the mushrooms to a food processor and pulse until they are very finely chopped. Remove the finely chopped mushrooms to a bowl and continue with the other half of the mushrooms. Reserve.nHeat the butter and remaining tablespoon of oil in a large pan over mediumhigh heat. Once melted and foaming, add the shallots and sweat until fully softened, about 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms to the pan and saute until they release all their moisture and then dry, about 10 minutes. Add the heavy cream and simmer until thick, about 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the breadcrumbs and parsley. Remove the mushrooms to a small bowl, cool completely and chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. The mushrooms should now look like a paste.nCombine the Dijon and horseradish in a small bowl. Once the meat is cool to the touch, snip off the butchers twine and discard, and then spread the mustard and horseradish mixture all over the beef. Place in the refrigerator to chill for 1 hour.nAdjust a rack to the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCrack the egg into a small bowl and beat until smooth. Dust the work area lightly with flour. Roll out the puff pastry with a rolling pin so its 4 inches longer than the tenderloin and 6 to 7 inches wider. Brush a 3inch edge of the pastry with the beaten egg. Spread and pat the mushroom mixture all over the top and sides of the beef. Lay the beef mushroomside down in the center of the pastry and pat the remaining mushrooms onto the exposed side. Tuck the 2 ends of the pastry into the beef and then fold up the other sides. Place the beef seamside down on the baking sheet. Brush all over with the egg wash. Cut 3 slits on the top of the roast and sprinkle lightly with flaky sea salt.nRoast until a thermometer inserted into the beef reads 120 degrees F, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and rest for 20 minutes before slicing into 1inchthick pieces. The temperature will rise to 125 degrees F, leaving you with a nice ruby red medium rare., ingredients: [One 2pound centercut beef tenderloin, tied by your butcher, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound button mushrooms, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, minced, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons dried breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 12 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 large egg, Flour, for dusting, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry from a 17.3ounce package, thawed, Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Beef Wellington, picturelink: udjBWXEu2zcHWyrv9bt.m5b9idKPA5W}, 20784: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the flour, peanuts, chocolate, baking powder and salt in a stainless steel bowl.nWith an electric mixer, cream the brown sugar and butter together until smooth. Add the eggs one at a time, making sure to completely incorporate each egg before adding the next. Beat in the vanilla. Using a rubber spatula, add the peanut butter and stir until smooth. Stir in the flour and peanut mixture and stir until just combined.nForm the dough into balls the size of golf balls and place on a parchmentlined baking sheet, leaving about 2 inches between each cookie. Bake until the cookies are set but still have soft centers, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet until they are slightly above room temperature, about 10 minutes. Using an offset spatula, transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool completely.nUsing a finemesh strainer, sprinkle half of the cookies with cocoa powder and the other half with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup chopped unsalted roasted peanuts, 14 cup coarsely chopped unsweetened chocolate, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup smooth peanut butter not natural peanut butter, Unsweetened cocoa powder, for sprinkling, Confectioners sugar, for sprinkling], title: PeanutChocolate Chunk Cookies, picturelink: null}, 20785: {instructions: Marinate steaks with oil and seasoning, sear on both sides until medium rare. Preheat 10inch Dutch oven on open fire. Meanwhile, saute onions, garlic, jalapenos, and red peppers in Dutch oven with oil. Cut steaks in bite size pieces and add with the tomatoes and remaining seasoning. Cook with coals on top and bottom for at least 1 12 hours. Check every 15 minutes to make sure there is enough liquid. May have to add water or your favorite liquid. The longer you let simmer the more tender it will be., ingredients: [4 ribeye steaks, Grapeseed oil, Steak seasoning, to taste, 1 cup chopped onion, 14 cup chopped garlic, 14 cup jalapeno pepper, seeds removed, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 8 tomatoes, 3 tablespoons fresh ground cumin], title: Prairie Gasada, picturelink: null}, 20786: {instructions: BEAT shortening, peanut butter and sugar in large bowl at medium speed of electric mixer until well blended. Beat in egg, milk and vanilla.nCOMBINE flour, baking soda and salt. Add gradually to creamed mixture at low speed. Beat until well blended.nCUT two pieces of wax paper to a size of 15 x 10 inches. Place dough on one sheet, top with second sheet, then roll dough to the edges. Mix jam with cornstarch until dissolved and smooth. Remove top piece of wax paper. Spread jam mixture on dough evenly to within 12inch of edges.nLIFT up long side of wax paper. Loosen dough with spatula. Using the wax paper, roll up dough jellyroll fashion. Seal seam. Wrap in the wax paper to freeze for 1 hour or wrap in plastic wrap to refrigerate overnight.nHEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Coat baking sheet lightly with nostick cooking spray. Unwrap dough. Cut into 38inch slices. Place 2inches apart on prepared baking sheet. Return dough to freezer until all cookies are sliced.nBAKE 11 to 12 minutes or until set. Cool 1 minute on baking sheet before removing to cooling rack.nTIP By freezing the dough, a nice clean cut can be made when slicing to make cookies., ingredients: [12 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening, 12 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 34 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup Smuckersu00ae Seedless Red Raspberry Jam, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray], title: Peanut Butter and Jam Pinwheels, picturelink: null}, 20787: {instructions: For the brine and turkey: Pour the hot water in a large and deep nonreactive pan, bucket or large cooler with ice. Stir in the molasses, salt and brown sugar until fully dissolved. Then add the peppercorns, lemons, onions, garlic and rosemary. Add the cold water and let cool to room temperature or put in the refrigerator. Place the turkey in the brine. Using a syringe, inject the turkey with some of the brine. Cover and leave in the brine for 48 hours in the refrigerator.nFor the stuffing: In a skillet over high heat, cook the bacon until almost crispy, about 5 minutes. Add the celery, garlic, leeks and onions. Continue cooking until translucent. Add the ground turkey and cook until browned. Add the paprika and cayenne. Season with salt and pepper and let cool. Meanwhile, soak the bread in the milk in a small bowl. In a large bowl, combine the soaked breadcrumbs, the bacon mixture, cheese, chives, dill, parsley and green onions. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside part of the stuffing to stuff the turkey. Form the remaining stuffing into meatballs using a 1 tablespoon measurement. Reserve on a baking sheet covered with parchment paper. Cover with plastic wrap and keep in the refrigerator until ready to cook. With the rack in the lowest position, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F 170 degrees C. Remove the turkey from the brine and dry thoroughly.nTo roast the turkey: In a bowl, mix together the butter and garlic. Set aside. Fill the turkey cavity with the reserved stuffing. Tie the drumsticks together with kitchen string to help the turkey keep its shape. Rub the turkey in between the skin and the flesh with the garlic butter. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Scatter the leeks on the bottom of a large roasting pan and pour in the chicken broth. Place the turkey on the leeks. Add the meatballs to the pan. Roast for about 5 12 hours, basting the turkey with the broth every 20 minutes, until a meat thermometer inserted in the thigh without touching the bone reads 180 degrees F 82 degrees C. If necessary, add more broth so there is always about 4 cups1 l liquid in the bottom of the roasting pan. If any parts of the turkey begin to scorch during cooking, cover them with aluminum foil. Place the turkey and meatballs on a serving platter. Cover and let rest 20 minutes. Strain the liquid from the roasting pan into a saucepan and skim the fat at the surface. Adjust the seasoning. Reduce the sauce to the desired consistency. Keep warm. Serve the turkey with the roasting sauce and the turkey meatballs., ingredients: [2 cups500 ml hot water, 2 cups500 ml molasses, 2 cups500 ml salt, 2 cups500 ml brown sugar, 1 tablespoon15 ml black peppercorns, 2 lemons, sliced, 2 onions, quartered, 1 head garlic, smashed, 1 large bunch fresh rosemary, 32 cups8 l cold water, One 16pound 8 kg turkey, 1 pound454 g bacon, diced, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 leeks, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 pounds2 kg ground turkey, 1 teaspoon5 ml smoked paprika, Pinch cayenne, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup250 ml cubed dayold bread about 2 slices, 12 cup125 ml milk, 1 cup250 ml grated ParmigianinoReggiano or pecorino, 12 cup125 ml chopped fresh chives, 12 cup125 ml chopped fresh dill, 12 cup125 ml chopped fresh parsley, 2 green onions, chopped, 12 cup125 ml butter, room temperature, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 leeks, halved lengthwise, 4 cups1 l chicken or turkey broth], title: Roasted Turkey with Turkey Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 20788: {instructions: Put vegetables and bouquet garni on bottom of a 10 quart stockpot and chicken parts on top. Add water, just enough to cover chicken and slowly bring to a simmer. Turn heat down to keep broth at a slow simmer and cook for 3 hours, skimming off froth and fat that surfaces in the first 30 minutes. Also be sure to replace evaporated water.nStrain stock into a clean saucepot. Cool uncovered and refrigerate. The next day, spoon off any discarded congealed fat from surface., ingredients: [4 pounds chicken necks or backs, skin and fat removed, 1 onion, roughly chopped, 1 carrot, roughly chopped, 1 celery stalk, roughly chopped, Herb bouquet of parsley, bay leaf and thyme, tied in cheesecloth, 4 quarts water], title: Homemade Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 20789: {instructions: Combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the buttermilk, oil and egg in a medium bowl, and then stir into the flour mixture just until blended. Gently stir in 1 cup of the blueberries. Let the batter stand at room temperature for 10 minutes. Heat a nonstick griddle or nonstick skillet coated with cooking spray over medium heat. Pour the batter into the skillet by scant 14 cupfuls. Cook just until bubbles begin to appear at the edges of the pancakes, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook until the pancakes are puffed and browned, about 2 minutes. Repeat with the remaining batter, making a total of 8 pancakes. Arrange 2 pancakes on each of 4 plates. Top each serving with 1 tablespoon of the syrup and 1 teaspoon of the almonds. Serve with the remaining blueberries.nPer Serving: 267 Cal 6g Protein 5g Tot Fat 1g Sat Fat 3g Mono Fat 51g Carb 3g Fiber 22g Sugar 154mg Calcium 2mg Iron 366mg Sodium 2mg Cholesterol, ingredients: [1 cup white wholewheat flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 large egg, 2 cups blueberries, Nonstick cooking spray, 14 cup maple syrup, 4 teaspoons toasted sliced almonds], title: BlueberryAlmond Griddle Cakes, picturelink: null}, 20790: {instructions: Combine the sugar, ginger and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until the sugar is completely dissolved. Let cool a bit, strain out the ginger, and then let cool completely.nIn a large pitcher, stir together the ginger syrup and vodka. Fill 10 glasses with ice and pour the cocktail over. Top off with a splash of tonic water and garnish with a sprig of mint and a lime wedge., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, Two 6inch pieces fresh ginger, roughly chopped, 4 cups vodka, 12 cups ice cubes, 16 ounces tonic water, 10 sprigs fresh mint, for garnish, 10 lime wedges, for garnish], title: Moscow Mule, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 20791: {instructions: Heat the oven to 425F and arrange rack in the upper third. Set a rack on a foil lined baking sheet set aside.nCombine flour, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and 34 teaspoon of the pepper in a shallow bowl, mix until well combined set aside. Combine Panko, 13 cup of the parsley, 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons of the salt, and all the lemon zest in a separate shallow bowl, and toss until evenly combined and set aside. Whisk together eggs and cheese in a shallow bowl until evenly combined set aside.nTo coat chicken, dredge a piece in the flour mixture and shake off excess. Then dip into egg mixture, let excess drip off, and finally roll in the breadcrumbs, pressing to adhere as necessary. Place chicken piece on baking sheet and repeat with remaining chicken.nBake until coating is golden and crispy, juices of chicken run clear when poked, and internal temperature is 160degreesF, about 40 to 45 minutes. Meanwhile, combine remaining 12 teaspoon of the salt, 14 teaspoon of the pepper, remaining 13 cup of the parsley, 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, all the red onion, all the tomatoes, and the lemon juice in a nonreactive bowl and toss to combine. Serve chicken topped with a bit of the tomato mixture., ingredients: [5 to 6 bonein, skinless chicken drumsticks about 1 12 pounds total, 4 to 5 bonein, skinless chicken thighs about 1 12 pounds total, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 23 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 5 large eggs, beaten thoroughly, 23 cup finely grated Parmesan, 12 medium red onion, halved lengthwise and sliced paper thin, 1 pound grape, cherry, or sweet 100 tomatoes, halved about 2 12 cups, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: OvenFried Chicken Milanese with TomatoOnion Salad, picturelink: W7rwyVrftrJO9y3IF5PmvlcwzQ4Pt.}, 20792: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, add the garlic and onions and saute until soft, about 3 minutes. Stir in the rice and cook, while stirring, to toast. Add the tomato paste, chili powder, smoked paprika and salt and pepper to taste, and stir until its well blended with the rice. Add the chicken stock and the black beans and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover with a lid and cook on low until the rice is tender and the chicken stock is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat and let the rice steam, covered, for 5 minutes.nRemove the lid and fluff the rice with a fork. Sprinkle the cheese on top and bake until the cheese is melted, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 cup long grain white rice, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 34 cup chicken stock, One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar], title: Cheesy Mexican Skillet Rice, picturelink: ND5U6Ri2GYc2yEFxN.t0x73LWgiEXNa}, 20793: {instructions: Glaze: Add the pomegranate juice and sugar to a stainless pan. Simmer over low heat until reduced by half or until the mixture becomes a semithick syrup. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPat the pheasant breasts dry with paper towels and season them well with salt and pepper, to taste.nPut the breasts, skin side down, into the pan and cook until crispy, about 4 to 6 minutes.nPut breasts on a sheet pan and roast until cooked through about for 8 to10 minutes.nReheat the glaze.nArrange the pheasants on a serving platter and drizzle with the glaze. Serve with rice or mashed potato, if desired., ingredients: [2 cups pomegranate juice recommended: POM, 14 cup sugar, 2 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 pheasant breasts removed from bone with skin and wing attached, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pheasant Breasts with Pomegranate Glaze, picturelink: null}, 20794: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch baking dish with the olive oil. Spread the vegetables in the bottom, then top with a layer of the cheeses, then the ham, and then the scallions.nWhisk together the eggs, milk, salt and red pepper flakes in a medium bowl. Pour the mixture over the layers and bake until lightly golden and the egg is set, about 50 minutes Allow the bake to sit for 5 minutes before cutting and serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups leftover roasted vegetables, such as potatoes, carrots, parsnips and onions, 2 cups leftover cheeses, cut into pieces, such as Brie, Parmesan, andor Gruyere, 14 pound Canadian bacon or Black Forest ham, chopped, 12 cup chopped scallions, 12 eggs, at room temperature, 2 cups milk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Ham and Cheese Bake, picturelink: 9.Oo00EFeCgm9cwOda4F.ARPfYNYWAq}, 20795: {instructions: Put the mango chunks, sugar, yogurt, ice cubes, star anise, if using, and ground mint, if using into a blender and process until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Transfer and divide the mango shake between 2 glasses and serve., ingredients: [2 cups mango chunks, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup yogurt, Ice cubes, as needed, 18 teaspoon ground star anise, optional, 18 teaspoon ground mint, optional], title: Mango Shake, picturelink: null}, 20796: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter 4 5inch ovensafe ramekins or earthenware dishes.nIn a medium skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot, and garlic and saute until fragrant. Stir in the crushed red pepper flakes, tomatoes, and tomato paste and cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and fold in the basil.nFill the prepared ramekins with the tomato mixture. Top each with a cracked egg. Put the ramekins on a baking sheet and bake until the eggs are set, about 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the ramekins from the oven, garnish with basil and serve., ingredients: [Butter, for ramekins, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 5 plum tomatoes, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chiffonade basil leaves, plus more for garnish, 4 eggs], title: Baked Eggs and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 20797: {instructions: Melt butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and cook 3 to 4 minutes. Whisk eggs with salt and pepper and combine with shallots then stir in the cheese and peas, cook 3 to 4 minutes until eggs are firming up but not yet dry. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 large shallot, very thinly sliced, 8 eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 package soft herbflavored cheese, crumbled recommended: Boursin, 1 cup green peas], title: Savory Eggs with Peas and Shallots, picturelink: sFo.bMUyQuUNdYSXJPkXdLpn7vdqXS}, 20798: {instructions: Boil the beans until just tender. Season with salt, pepper and extravirgin olive oil. Reserve.nIn a heavy pot, slowly saute the garlic in the olive oil for 10 minutes. Add the carrot and celery and saute slowly for another 15 minutes.nAdd 1 cup of water and reduce rapidly for 5 minutes. Over high heat, add the mussels, cover and steam until they open. Remove them, shell them, reserve them. Boil the liquid in the pot for another 15 minutes.nMince the cherry tomatoes. Toss with fresh oregano.nBoil the orecchiette until just al dente.nWhen ready to serve, warm the tomato in the liquid for 1 minute. Add the beans, the shelled mussels, and the orecchiette. Toss together. Season with salt and pepper and extravirgin olive oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup Borlotti beans or pinto beans, 2 large cloves garlic, finely minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 carrot, very finely minced, 1 celery stalk, very finely minced, 1 cup water, 1 13 pound mussels, 12 cherry tomatoes, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, minced, 13 pound orecchiette], title: Orecchiette with Beans and Mussels, picturelink: null}, 20799: {instructions: Combine all ingredients and stir until sugar melts. Pour mixture into 9 by 13inch metal pan and place on level shelf in freezer for half an hour. Mixture should only come about 14inch up the side of the pan. Remove and use a dinner fork to scrape any ice crystals that have formed on the side or bottom of the pan. Return to freezer and repeat scraping every 20 to 30 minutes for 3 to 4 hours. Once mixture is thoroughly frozen, fluff with a fork and allow flakes to dry in freezer another half hour before serving. When served, the granita should look like a fluffy pile of dry brown crystals.nScoop into goblets and top with barely sweetened whipped cream, add additional citrus zest if desired., ingredients: [2 cups lukewarm espresso or strong black coffee, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons coffee flavored liqueur, 1 teaspoon orange or lemon zest], title: Coffee Granita, picturelink: null}, 20800: {instructions: Heat oil to 375 degrees F.nRoll shrimp in flour. Add sesame seeds to batter. Dip shrimp into batter and place in oil. Fry for 3  4 minutes. Remove from oil and drain on paper towels. In small bowl combine soy sauce, sesame seeds and sesame oil. Serve sauce with shrimp, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 cup soy sauce, Flour, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds], title: Shrimp Tempura, picturelink: null}, 20801: {instructions: For the masa ball: In a bowl, mix together the masa harina, manteca, horseradish, salt, baking powder, eggs and 34 cup water until completely combined. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nFor the enriched broth: In a large pot, add the chicken stock, chicken legs and onions. Place over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Cook until reduced by onequarter, about an hour. Strain the broth, discarding the onions. Remove and discard the chicken skin, then shred the meat and set aside. Season the broth with the vinegar and some salt.nFor the composed soup: In a pot on mediumhigh heat, bring the enriched broth back to a simmer. Form the masa mixture into 8 balls and add to the broth. Cook until the centers of the balls are hot, about 5 minutes. Add the celery, carrots and reserved shredded chicken and cook until the soup is almost boiling, another 2 minutes. Mix in the cilantro and serve., ingredients: [2 cups masa harina, 12 cup manteca lard, melted, 6 tablespoons grated horseradish, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 4 large eggs, beaten, 4 quarts 1 gallon chicken stock, 2 pounds chicken legs, 2 onions, halved and bruleed cut sides seared in a hot skillet, 2 ounces distilled white vinegar, Kosher salt, 2 cups thinly sliced celery, 2 cups roasted thinly sliced carrots, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Masa Ball Soup, picturelink: NwfjnYZgmJgFTVaiiH.iMN1dQZTjSS6}, 20802: {instructions: For the seafood stuffing: Roughly chop the shrimp up into chunky pieces. Set a large saute pan over high heat. Add the olive oil and garlic. Once the garlic begins to sizzle, add the shrimp. Saute until just pink, about 2 minutes, and then add the crabmeat. Season with the cumin, paprika and some salt and pepper. Gently fold the mixture together, and then shut off the heat and add the lime juice. Allow to cool. Divide the mixture you will use one half to stuff the tamales, and one half for the seafood sauce.nFor the tamales: Mix the masa, 1 14 cups water, butter and salt into a thick paste. To prepare the tamales, set a corn husk out on a flat surface double up or shingle 2 husks if they are small or have tears. Add 5 tablespoons of the masa mix into the center of the corn husk. Push the mixture to 1 inch from the side of the husk. Add 2 tablespoons of seafood stuffing to the center. Fold one edge of the husk to the center, and then fold the other side to cover the entire tamale. Fold the ends over by 2 inches and tuck under to hold in place.nPlace a colander in large pot of boiling water, but do not let the colander touch the water. Place the tamales in the colander, cover and steam the tamales for 30 to 40 minutes.nFor the red seafood sauce: First, rehydrate the chile pepper. Place the dried chile in a cup of hot water and let sit for 10 minutes.nSet a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add a drizzle of olive oil and saute the fennel, onion and garlic until translucent and fragrant, 5 to 7 minutes. Deglaze with the white wine, and then simmer to evaporate some of the wine, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the cumin, chile pepper, the water from the chile pepper and the can of tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper and bring to a simmer. Cook until the liquid reduces and the flavors come together, about 20 minutes. Blend until smooth with a stick blender, and then fold in the remaining half of the seafood stuffing. Taste and season once more if needed. Serve the red seafood sauce over the crab and shrimp tamales., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons melted butter, 34 tablespoon salt, 16 tamale husks, 1 pound medium 2125 count shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 pint picked jumbo lump crabmeat, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Juice of 12 a lime, 1 12 cups masa harina, 1 dried New Mexico or California chile pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 fennel bulb, sliced, 12 medium onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, sliced, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, One 28ounce can fire roasted tomatoes, such as Glen Muir, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Crab n Shrimp Stuffed Tamales, picturelink: null}, 20803: {instructions: Boil and mash potatoes. Add salt and cornstarch to thicken. Mix the onion with the beef, add salt and pepper and saute. Strain the juice from the saute. Form potatoes into balls. Stuff potatoes with meat so the potato is half full. Wrap the dumplings and brush them with egg yolk. Sprinkle nonflavored bread crumbs over the dumplings and bake them in a preheated 480 degree oven for 15 minutes or until they brown., ingredients: [3 potatoes, Salt, Cornstarch, Onions, chopped, 1 pound ground beef, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 to 3 egg yolks], title: Potato Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 20804: {instructions: Combine lobster stock and clam juice and reduce by half. In a blender mix the orange juice, lime juice, dry mustard, mayonnaise, heavy cream, whole grain mustard, aji amarillo then add it to the stock.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the salmon, tomato, scallions, cilantro, and chives and add in the stock juice.nOn a serving platter arrange a bed of sliced sweet potatoes and serve the ceviche on top., ingredients: [2 cups lobster stock, 2 cups clam juice, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup lime juice, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 18 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons grain mustard, 14 tablespoon aji amarillo, 2 6ounce Chilean salmon fillets, cut into very thin slices, 1 yellow tomato, diced, 12 bunch scallions, sliced, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 1 bunch chives, chopped, 3 sweet potatoes, peeled, steamed and sliced to 14inch pieces], title: Chilean Salmon Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 20805: {instructions: Heat the oven to 450 degrees F with an empty baking sheet on an upper rack.nCoat beans and tomatoes with olive oil and season them with salt and pepper. Pour the beans and tomatoes on the hot baking sheet and roast 22 to 25 minutes until caramelized. Serve as a side., ingredients: [1 pound trimmed green beans, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Beans and Tomatoes, picturelink: BDdJ84gQQ3DAM21LeYi7m4sHrOvegK6}, 20806: {instructions: Toss the strawberries in the simple syrup and let them sit at room temperature for 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup simple syrup equal parts water and sugar heated until sugar dissolves cool, 2 cups fresh halved strawberries], title: Macerated Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 20807: {instructions: In each glass, combine 12 lime, 4 to 6 mint leaves and 34 to 1 ounce simple syrup and crush. Add ice to fill each glass, then add the 2 to 3 ounces of rum to each glass, and shake well. Add a splash of soda water and garnish with a sugar cane stick., ingredients: [2 limes, halved then scored, 16 to 22 Cuban mint or spearmint leaves, halved, 3 to 4 ounces simple syrup, 8 to 12 ounces light rum, 4 splashes soda water, 4 sugar cane sticks, optional], title: Ortanique Mojito, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 20808: {instructions: Braise the short ribs: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Toss the short ribs with the flour and season liberally with salt and pepper. Heat the canola oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the short ribs and cook until browned on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nAdd the carrot, chopped onion and leek to the pot and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Return the short ribs to the pot and stir in the thyme sprigs, bay leaf, garlic and tomato paste. Add the wine and bring to a simmer, then cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the stock and return to a simmer. Cover, transfer to the oven and braise until the short ribs are falling off the bone, 2 hours, 30 minutes to 3 hours.nMeanwhile, caramelize the onions: Melt the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the sliced onions, reduce the heat to low and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until deep golden brown, about 2 hours, 30 minutes. Add a splash of water and scrape up any browned bits from the pot, if necessary.nWhen the short ribs are done, remove from the broth with a slotted spoon, transfer to a plate and let cool slightly. Strain the broth, discarding the solids. Shred the meat, discarding the bones, and toss with 1 cup of the broth. Reserve the remaining broth.nAdd the thyme leaves and sherry to the caramelized onions. Cook until the liquid is reduced by half, about 3 minutes add the reserved broth and cook 30 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Skim the fat from the top of the soup. Stir in the vinegar.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Divide the soup among 6 ovenproof bowls spoon about 13 cup shredded meat into the center of each, then top each with 2 slices toast, trimming the bread if necessary. Top each with 2 slices cheese, letting the cheese hang over the side of the bowl. Transfer to the oven and bake until golden and bubbly, about 10 minutes. Top with chives.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [2 pounds bonein beef short ribs, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 1 leek, chopped, 4 sprigs thyme, plus 1 tablespoon thyme leaves, 1 bay leaf, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 cup dry red wine, 6 cups lowsodium beef stock, 1 stick unsalted butter, 6 Spanish onions, thinly sliced, 34 cup dry sherry, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 12 slices sourdough bread, toasted, 12 slices highquality gruyere cheese about 6 ounces, Chopped fresh chives, for topping], title: French Onion Soup With Braised Short Ribs, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}, 20809: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease a baking dish with nonstick spray. Arrange the fish fillets in the prepared baking dish to cover the bottom. In a bowl, combine the bread crumbs with melted butter, crabmeat, and artichokes. Slice the tomato thinly and arrange the slices over the fish. Spread the cheese over the tomatoes. Top with the buttered crumb mixture. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until fish is white and flaky. Variants: Add sliced bell peppers, avocado, or broccoli., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 pounds fresh haddock fillets, or other delicate white fish, 2 cups garlic and herb flavored prepared bread crumbs, 1 stick 4 ounces butter, melted, 4 ounces fresh chunk crabmeat, 4 artichoke hearts, chopped, 1 large beefsteak tomato, 1 cup shredded cheddar], title: Baked Haddock, Ellida Style, picturelink: null}, 20810: {instructions: To make the dough: Blend together flour, butter, sugar, and salt in a bowl with your fingertips or a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal with some small roughly peasize butter lumps. Drizzle evenly with 2 tablespoons ice water and gently stir with a fork until incorporated.nSqueeze a small handful: If it doesnt hold together, add more ice water, 12 tablespoon at a time, stirring until just incorporated, then test again. Do not overwork mixture, or pastry will be tough.nTurn out mixture onto a lightly floured surface and divide into 4 portions. With heel of your hand, smear each portion once or twice in a forward motion. Gather dough together with scraper and press into a ball, then flatten into a 5inch disk. Chill, wrapped in plastic wrap, until firm, at least 1 hour.nRoll out dough with a floured rolling pin into a 14inch round on a lightly floured surface, then fit into tart pan. Trim excess dough, leaving a 12inch overhang, then fold overhang inward and press against side of pan to reinforce edge. Chill 30 minutes.nTo make filling while the shell chills: Stir together sugar and cornstarch in a large bowl. Add plums and lemon juice and toss to coat. Let stand, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes, or until juicy.nTo assemble and bake tart: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nArrange plum halves, skin sides down, in tart shell, overlapping in a rosette pattern. Halve any remaining plums lengthwise and randomly tuck in between plum halves in tart. Pour all juices from bowl over plums.nBake tart in middle of oven 15 minutes, then reduce temperature to 375 degrees F. Cover tart loosely with foil and bake until plums are tender and juices are bubbling and slightly thickened, 40 to 50 minutes more. Brush warm juices in tart over plums. Juices will continue to thicken as tarts cool. Cool tart completely in pan on a rack., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 to 4 tablespoons ice water, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 pounds small plums, pitted and quartered, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Accompaniment: creme fraiche or lightly sweetened sour cream, Special equipment: 1 9inch tart pan with removable bottom], title: Plum Tart, picturelink: null}, 20811: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with a nonstick silicone liner, and lay the salmon, skin side down, on top. Set aside.nCombine the mayonnaise, mustard, honey and chives in a medium bowl and stir to thoroughly combine. Reserve half of the sauce. Spoon the remaining sauce over the fish, spreading it evenly all over the top and sides of each fillet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nRoast just until the fish is opaque in the center, 7 minutes. Increase the oven to broil. Broil the fish for 6 to 7 minutes, but keep your eye on it to avoid overcooking. Garnish with chives and serve with the reserved sauce., ingredients: [Four 6 to 7ounce salmon fillets, skinon, 12 cup lowfat mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives, plus additional for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper], title: Baked Salmon with Honey Mustard Sauce, picturelink: dtyXYLWkxfCvQ8nthl83HoHhAH7QcsK}, 20812: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pot on high heat. Add the beef and coat it with pepper. Cook through, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the beef from the pot and add in the onions, peppers, 12 of the garlic, and herbs. Turn the heat to medium and cook the vegetables until soft. Add in the tomato sauce and paste. Season with salt and pepper and let simmer for 1 hour.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nAdd the dry lasagna to the boiling water and cook until al dente. Remove and place on baking sheet coated with olive oil. Toss the pasta to coat it completely.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl, mix the ricotta and Parmesan well. In a 9 by 12inch baking dish, begin laying down the pasta. Smooth on a layer of the cheese mixture and spoon on meat sauce. Add another layer of pasta and repeat this process until you reach the top of the dish. The final layer should be cheese mixture and fresh mozzarella.nCover with foil and place in the oven. Bake for 45 minutes. Remove the foil and let brown for 15 more minutes.nCut the rustic bread in half and spread on butter. Add minced garlic, salt and pepper and wrap in foil. Bake until hot throughout. Unwrap the bread but keep it in the foil. Let crisp up and serve.nTo serve, spoon on meat sauce on a warm plate. Place a large square of lasagna on the pool of sauce. Top with Parmesan and a basil leaf., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 1 pound ground beef, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, plus extra for coating beef, 1 medium onion, chopped small, 1 red pepper, chopped small, 1 green pepper, chopped small, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 5 leaves basil, finely chopped, plus leaves for garnish, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped oregano leaves, 1 14ounce can tomato sauce, 1 small can tomato paste, 2 teaspoon salt, 1 box dry lasagna noodles, 1 pint ricotta, 1 cup grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, 1 large ball fresh mozzarella, grated or sliced thinly, 1 rustic loaf bread, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 20813: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMake macaroni and cheese according to package directions. Transfer to a mediumsize baking dish or casserole dish.nSprinkle Mexican seasonings over top of macaroni and cheese. Sprinkle cheese blend over top to cover. Place in oven and bake for 5 minutes, or until cheese is melted., ingredients: [1 package macaroni and cheese mix, 1 tablespoon Mexican seasonings, 34 cup Mexican cheese blend], title: MexicanStyle Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 20814: {instructions: Put the cooked rice in a medium bowl. Heat the sesame oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Add the minced garlic and cook, stirring often, until the garlic is toasted and golden brown, 1 minute. Remove the pot from the heat and pour the garlic and sesame oil over the rice. Set the pot aside. Season the rice with 14 teaspoon salt and stir with a fork until combined, breaking up any lumps.nStuff the cavity of each hen with 12 cup of the rice mixture. Overlap the skin flaps to enclose the rice inside the hens, fold the legs closed and tie with kitchen twine.nPlace the hens breastside down in the reserved pot and add the chicken broth, 2 cups water, shallots, ginger, scallion whites, smashed garlic cloves, sugar and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil over high heat, skimming the foam that rises to the top. Partially cover the pot and reduce the heat to maintain a steady simmer. Cook for 15 minutes, then use a spatula and a spoon to gently turn the hens breastside up, being careful not to break the skin they will float. Continue to simmer, partiallycovered, until the hen breasts are firm and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F, 15 to 20 minutes more.nMeanwhile, make the sauces. Combine the soy sauce and vinegar in a small bowl and set aside. Combine the sesame oil, sesame seeds, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in another small bowl and set aside.nUsing a slotted spoon and tongs, remove the hens from the liquid, place them on a cutting board and remove the kitchen twine. Slice along the top of the breastbone to cut each hen into 2 halves, keeping the rice inside the cavity. Strain the broth through a sieve. Place each hen half in a wide, shallow bowl rice side down and divide the soup among the bowls. Garnish the soup with scallion greens and serve with the sesame sauce, soyvinegar sauce, kimchi and seaweed., ingredients: [1 cup cooked white rice, cooled, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 4 cloves garlic 2 minced, 2 smashed and peeled, Kosher salt, Two 1 12pound Cornish game hens, wingtips and giblets removed and discarded, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 4 shallots, peeled and halved, One 3inch piece of fresh ginger, cut into 3 pieces and bruised with flat blade of a knife, 6 scallions, white and light green parts left whole and reserved, green tops finely sliced for serving, 1 teaspoon sugar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 4 teaspoons sesame seeds white or black, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 package seaweed snacks, thinly sliced, 1 cup kimchi, chopped], title: Samgyetang Korean Soup, picturelink: r7gghVHG4Ke0zuLTV76KfGgfAI2b6bK}, 20815: {instructions: Place potatoes in a saucepan. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Cook until fork tender. Drain and return potatoes to pot. Stir in butter, season with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with chopped parsley. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound fingerling potatoes, 12 stick butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Buttered Fingerling Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 20816: {instructions: In a pitcher filled with ice, add the gin, bourbon, and orange liqueur. Stir well. Strain into martini glasses. Garnish with a cherry. Serve promptly., ingredients: [Ice, 8 ounces gin, 1ounce bourbon, 1ounce orange liqueur, Maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: Metropolitini, picturelink: null}, 20817: {instructions: Pick over rice and dal to remove any pebbles or dirt. Process in a food processor or blender until a coarse flour, about 5 minutes.nMix ground mixture with water, yogurt, and salt in a bowl. Cover with plastic and set aside in a warm place at least 12 hours or as long as 24 hours. When ready, batter should be smooth and foamy, a bit thinner than pancake batter.nJust before cooking, add tomatoes, serrano chiles, red onion, and cilantro. Stir to combine.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a small, wellseasoned castiron skillet over high heat until medium hot. Pour in 13 cup batter, reduce heat to low, and spread batter evenly with a ladle or spatula. Fry until well browned, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Repeat this procedure, heating an additional tablespoon oil each time, until all batter is fried.nStack pancakes between layers of aluminum foil in a roasting pan and keep warm in a 200 degree F oven. To serve, arrange 2 pancakes on each plate and top with yogurt, tomatoes, and cilantro. For smaller servings, slice each pancake into quarters and serve with garnishes for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup basmati rice, 1 cup black bean dal or lentils, 3 cups water, 5 tablespoons plain yogurt, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 2 serrano chiles, stems and seeds removed, diced, 1 small red onion, diced, 12 bunch cilantro, stems trimmed, roughly chopped, 13 cup vegetable oil, Yogurt, chopped tomatoes, and chopped cilantro for garnish], title: Poona Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 20818: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 muffin pans with 24 cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, baking soda, salt, and cocoa powder in a medium bowl.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, mix the vegetable oil, buttermilk, sugar, eggs, food coloring, applesauce, vinegar, and vanilla on medium speed until incorporated, about 2 minutes. Turn the mixer to mediumlow speed, and add the dry ingredients a little bit at a time, making sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl if necessary. Mix until just combined.nFill the cupcake liners 34 of the way full, and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nGenerously frost the top of each cupcake with the Almond Cream Cheese Frosting.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, whip the butter and cream cheese on high speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Turn the mixer on mediumlow, and slowly add the powdered sugar, vanilla, and almond extract. Once the ingredients are all incorporated, turn the mixer to high, and beat for 1 additional minute., ingredients: [3 cups plus 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder recommended: Valrhona, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 1 78 cups sugar, 3 eggs, 1 fluid ounce red food coloring, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsweetened applesauce, 1 14 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 1 14 teaspoons vanilla extract, Almond Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, 11 12 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 24 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 12 cups powdered sugar, sifted, 3 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoon almond extract], title: Red Velvet Cupcakes with Almond Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: yY47bosSHvLfDxAXPMxTmBGxs4bQW}, 20819: {instructions: Add the olive oil, garlic, 10 habaneros and jalapenos, 8 Scotch bonnets, 4 ghost and Thai chile peppers and the yellow onions to a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook for 3 minutes. Add 12 cup each of the Cajun spice, cayenne and crushed red pepper. Cook for 1 minute. Pour the mixture into a blender and puree. Place the puree in the refrigerator to cool, about 1 hour.nOnce cool, add the remaining 12 cup Cajun seasoning, cayenne and crushed red pepper for added flavor. Stir in the wing sauce, vinegar, mayonnaise and lime juice. Add the 1 reserved raw chile pepper of each kind, and stir well.nThis recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 cloves raw garlic, minced, 11 fresh habanero peppers, chopped with seeds, reserve 1 raw for garnish, 5 fresh ghost chile peppers, chopped with seeds, reserve 1 raw for garnish, 5 fresh red Thai peppers, minced, reserve 1 raw for garnish, 11 fresh jalapeno peppers, chopped with seeds, reserve 1 raw for garnish, 9 fresh Scotch bonnet peppers, chopped with seeds, reserve 1 raw for garnish, 1 yellow onion, 14inch diced, 1 cup Cajun seasoning blend, 1 cup cayenne pepper, 1 cup crushed red pepper flakes, 3 cups extrahot wing sauce, such as Franks Red Hot, 1 cup white vinegar, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup lime juice], title: EATS Heat 5Pepper Sauce, picturelink: gRrCUJBsn9pTrJsrheGE7G4J0b5hJ.m}, 20820: {instructions: For the apple filling: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the brown sugar, cinnamon and apples and cook until the apples are caramelized and have started to soften, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool, then keep in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C.nFor the turnover: Roll out the puff pastry to 10 by 10inch square with a 18inch 3mm thickness on a lightly floured surface. Transfer to a large baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Spoon the apple filling over half the pastry, leaving a border around the edge. Beat the eggs with 1 teaspoon water for the egg wash. Brush the edges of the pastry lightly with some of the egg wash. Fold the pastry over the filling to form a triangle. Press the edges to seal and enclose the filling completely, then press with the back of a fork to make a tight seal. Using a small knife, cut two 12inchlong slits in the top of the crust. Brush the top with the egg wash.nBake the turnover until the crust is puffed and golden and the juices are bubbling through the slits in the crust, about 25 minutes.nSprinkle the turnover with the confectioners sugar. Turn the oven to broil, and cook until the sugar is caramelized, watching it closely so it doesnt burn. This will give the turnover a browned crust. Carefully run a metal spatula under the turnover to loosen and transfer to a wire rack to cool slightly.nTo serve, cut the turnover into wedges and serve warm with a dollop of cheese, yogurt or ice cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons45ml butter, 3 tablespoons45ml brown sugar, 12 teaspoon2ml cinnamon, 6 apples, such as Honeycrisp, Cortland, Spartan or Empire, peeled, halved, cored and cut into 12inch cubes about 3 cups, 1 pound450g puff pastry, Allpurpose flour, for the work surface, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons30ml confectioners sugar, sifted, Soft, fresh sheeps or goats milk cheese, yogurt or ice cream, for serving], title: Apple Turnover, picturelink: null}, 20821: {instructions: To prepare the snapper: Debone and fillet the snapper and season with salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Lay the fillets on a work surface. Place 1 spinach leaf on each fillet and top with onion, shrimp and scallop. Roll and secure with toothpicks. Cook with white wine in baking pan for 20 minutes and serve with lemon butter sauce.nLemon Butter Sauce: Mix all ingredients together and heat in a saucepan, then pour over., ingredients: [1 whole snapper, Pinch salt and pepper, Lemon juice, 2 leaves spinach, 2 shrimp, shelled, 2 scallops, 1 small onion, sliced, 12 cup white wine, 12 butter, Pinch chopped parsley, Teaspoon lemon juice, Pinch white pepper], title: Snapper Sandyport, picturelink: null}, 20822: {instructions: Cream butter and sugar with an electric mixer until pale and fluffy 1 to 2 minutes. Add egg and vanilla and continue beating until mixture looks smooth 2 minutes. Incorporate flour, cocoa, cinnamon and salt into butter mixture at low speed. Scrape down sides of bowl often. Shape into 2 disks. Wrap disks in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm 45 to 60 minutes Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Working with 1 disk at a time, roll dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap into a uniform layer about 18 inch thick. Remove top layer of plastic wrap and cut dough into Ethnic Edibles shapes using the special cookie cutters. Reuse scraps to form additional cookies. Transfer cookies to an ungreased baking sheet. Freeze until firm about 10 minutes, then place in the center of the oven. Bake cookies 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly brown around the edges. Remove from oven, let cookies cool briefly on sheets, then transfer them to wire racks to cool completely. To decorate, fill the icing bag with Royal Icing. Squeeze the icing into the point of a plastic bag and snip off a small part of the bag or use a 2 pastry tip to pipe icing onto the cookies.nMix the meringue powder with the water, beat until peaks form. Add the sifted powdered sugar, beat to thick consistency. Add additional 12 cup of powdered sugar for firmer icing. Use icing at once or refrigerate in an airtight container. Beat icing again when ready to reuse. Makes enough for 2 dozen cookies, ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 34 cup sifted unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Royal Icing with Meringue Powder, recipe follows, 14 cup meringue powder, 12 cup water, 4 to 4 12 cups sifted powdered sugar], title: Chocolate Cookies, picturelink: null}, 20823: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTrim any extra fat from the chicken pieces and transfer them to a large roasting pan or broiler pan. If you dont have a roasting pan thats large enough, use 2 identical 13 by 9inch baking pans.nToss all of the ingredients together with the chicken until the chicken is evenly coated with the sauce. Arrange the chicken pieces skinside up in the pan, spaced evenly apart.nIf youre looking to prepare in advance, you can do everything up to this point and cover the roasting dishes and refrigerate until youre ready to roast the chicken.nRoast, uncovered, until the tops of the chicken pieces are browned and the chicken is cooked through, and the juices run clear, about 35 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 roasting chickens, cut into pieces, 1 12ounce jar apricot preserves, 15 medium dried plums, pitted, 13 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 3 pinches salt, 20 grinds black pepper, 10 cloves garlic, peeled, 20 to 30 sage leaves], title: Apricot Glazed Chicken with Dried Plums and Sage, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 20824: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nDrizzle the bread with the olive oil and place onto preheated grill. Grill until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes per side.nIn a medium bowl, combine ricotta, tomatoes, olives, basil, and salt and pepper.nSqueeze lemon over the bread. Sprinkle bread with oregano and salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace ricotta mixture on top of the grilled bread, garnish with basil leaves and serve., ingredients: [1 1pound loaf ciabatta, cut into 1inch wide slices, 14 cup olive oil, 1 15ounce container whole milk ricotta, 2 large seeded and diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons finely chopped kalamata olives, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves plus whole leaves, for garnish, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 lemon, 1 teaspoon dried oregano], title: Mediterranean Bruschetta, picturelink: Pm6z14VinKuA0FtJrY87u4UJvYdJvO}, 20825: {instructions: Special equipment: 5quart mixer with bowl and whip attachment, rubber spatulanStart whipping egg whites slowly in the mixer until foamy. Increase the speed of the mixer and slowly start adding the sugar until all the sugar is incorporated. Once all the sugar is in, increase the speed of the mixer even more and whip until the mixture is shiny and stiff. You now have a meringue. You know when your meringue is done when you pull out the whip, hold it horizontally, and if you have what looks a sparrows beak on the end of the whip.nReplace the whip, turn the mixer on medium and start adding the butter a bit at a time. Once all the butter is incorporated, turn the mixer on high and let mix depending on the weather, the buttercream could take anywhere from 5 to 15 minutes to form. You will know when it has formed when you hear the motor of the mixer start to slow down and whine a little bit also, when you first add the butter, your meringue will break down and look weird and this is what you want. When the buttercream is done, the mixture will be homogeneous, consistent, and tasty.nRemove the buttercream from the bowl and transfer to an airtight container. Buttercream can be kept at room temperature for a few days or in the refrigerator for a 1 to 2 weeks, but always use warm buttercream when icing a cake. To warm up the buttercream, put it back in the mixer using the whip or the paddle, and apply direct heat with a propane torch you can find at any hardware store., ingredients: [10 egg whites, 15 ounces sugar, 2 12 pounds unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: French Meringue Buttercream, picturelink: null}, 20826: {instructions: Cut the salmon fillet into 16 to 20 bitesize pieces. In a small pot, combine the kelp and the water, and bring the water rapidly to a boil. Remove the kelp, and season the broth with rice wine and salt. Poach the salmon pieces in the seasoned broth for only 30 seconds, or until the fish turns opaque. Remove the fish to a platter. Skim the froth from the poaching liquid, and set the broth aside. Wash the broccoli rabe well in cold water, trimming away any leaves that are not bright green. Tie the stalks together in several bunches. In a small pot of boiling water to cover, quickly blanch the broccoli rabe until it is bright green and just barely wilted, about 1 minute. Remove the bunches from the water with tongs or chopsticks, and transfer them immediately to a bowl of cold water. When the rabe is cool, remove it from the water and squeeze out all excess liquid. Cut off the tied stems, keeping the stalks in bundles. Cut the bundles in half lengthwise if they are more than 2 inches long. Stack these bundles of blanched rabe on the same platter as the poached fish pieces.nCut the cabbage into 1 12inch lengths, and stack these near the blanched rabe. Soak the noodles in warm water for 10 to 15 minutes drain, and place them on the platter too. Remove the stems from the Shiitake mushrooms, and add the stems to the fish poaching liquid. Gently simmer the broth for 5 minutes, then pick out the stems and discard them. Skim any froth from the broth, and season with the syrupy rice wine. Wipe the caps of the mushrooms with a damp cloth to remove any soil that might be clinging to them. Slice the caps in half diagonally, and set them on the platter with the fish, noodles, and vegetables. Place the fermented bean paste on the platter with the other ingredients. Bring the platter of ingredients to the table if you have a portable cooking unit, and make the bubbling pot there. If not, prepare it in the kitchen and then bring it to the table. Either way, begin by simmering the poached fish and noodles in the broth for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the Shiitake mushrooms, then the broccoli rabe, and simmer another minute or 2. Serve piping hot., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Salmon fillet, 20 square inches Dashi Kombu Kelp for stock making, 2 12 cups cold water, 2 tablespoons sake Japanese rice wine, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 pound broccoli rabe, 6 ounces about 12 head Hakusai Chinese cabbage, 6 ounces dried Harusame cellophane noodles, 6 large fresh Shiitake dark oak mushrooms, 1 tablespoon Mirin syrupy rice wine, 4 tablespoons dark Miso fermented bean paste preferably Sendai Miso], title: Bubbling Pot with Salmon, picturelink: null}, 20827: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large baking dish, mix the diced chicken, soy sauce, honey, hoisin sauce, star anise, and ginger. Bake for 35 minutes.nSprinkle green onion and cilantro over top and serve., ingredients: [4 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast, diced, 12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 13 cup honey, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 2 star anise, 2 tablespoons peeled and grated ginger, 10 green onions, sliced 14inch thick, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Polynesian Chicken, picturelink: null}, 20828: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace sweet potatoes, nutmeg, cinnamon, vanilla, lemon, sugar, honey, and eggs in a large bowl. Blend ingredients together until they are thoroughly mixed. Equally distribute the sweet potato mix into the pie shells. Place some aluminum foil on and around the edges of the pie shells so the crust will not burn when the pies are baked. Place pies in the oven and bake for 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool completely before serving. Serve with whipped cream., ingredients: [7 cups mashed cooked sweet potatoes, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons lemon extract, 2 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup honey, 4 jumbo eggs, 2 deep dish pie shells, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: null}, 20829: {instructions: Combine the water chestnuts and soy sauce in a resealable plastic bag and let marinate at room temperature, tossing and massaging the bag occasionally, for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Wrap each water chestnut in a piece of bacon and secure with a toothpick. Set a cooling rack into a rimmed baking sheet and arrange the baconwrapped water chestnuts on top. Bake until the bacon renders its fat and is crisp, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, stir together the ketchup, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce and 13 cup water in a bowl to make a sauce.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven and carefully lift the cooling rack off the baking sheet. Drain away any fat in the baking sheet and wipe dry with paper towels. Line the baking sheet with foil and lightly spray the foil with nonstick cooking spray. Carefully transfer the baconwrapped water chestnuts to the bowl with the sauce, swirling to fully coat, then spread out on the baking sheet.nReturn the baking sheet to the oven and bake, tossing every few minutes, until the sauce is reduced to a sticky glaze, about 15 minutes. Immediately transfer the baconwrapped water chestnuts to a warm serving platter. Sprinkle with pepper and serve while hot., ingredients: [Two 8ounce cans whole water chestnuts, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 14 slices bacon, cut crosswise into thirds, 13 cup ketchup, 13 cup firmlypacked dark brown sugar1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Nonstick cooking spray, Freshly ground black pepper], title: BaconWrapped Water Chestnuts, picturelink: LFDR5ewZZI1cLwCDcKps3QdonIdjHvS}, 20830: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small trifle bowl, layer the fruit, granola and yogurt in two layers, starting with the fruit on the bottom then granola followed by yogurt. Chill for fifteen minutes or up to a few hours, and then serve either for dessert or for breakfast.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the cinnamon, ginger, 14 teaspoon salt, honey, oil, maple syrup, water, and vanilla together. Add in the oats, pecans, rice cereal, and wheat germ. Toss to coat completely.nSpread the granola out on a baking sheet lined with parchment and bake until dry and crisp, but not yet browned, 30 to 35 minutes, stirring once or twice. Allow to cool completely before storing in an airtight container. Yield: 3 cups., ingredients: [2 cups chopped seasonal fruit, like strawberries, oranges, banana if using banana, toss in lemon juice, 2 cups Simple Homemade Granola, recipe follows, 1 quart vanilla yogurt, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Salt, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups whole oats not instant, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup crisped rice cereal, 14 cup wheat germ or milled flax seed], title: Yogurt and Granola Trifle, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 20831: {instructions: For the mustard: Mix together the mustard, diced mango, mango pulp and mint. For the dogs: Mix together the chicken, cilantro, mint, cream cheese, tandoori, garlic, ginger, kastoori methi, jalapenos, onions and eggs. Divide the mixture into 8 portions and form each into a hot dog about 6 inches long and 1 12 inches wide. Place on a baking sheet and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add 4 of the hot dogs and sear until browned on all sides, 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until cooked all the way through, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer the hot dogs to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm. Wipe out the pan and use the remaining vegetable oil to cook the remaining hot dogs. Meanwhile, place the apples and sliced jalapenos into 2 separate small bowls. Add enough apple cider vinegar to cover each and let sit for 15 minutes. Wipe out the pan that was used to cook the hot dogs and set it over mediumlow heat. Put a dot of butter onto each bun and lightly brown the buns cutside down in batches, 2 to 3 minutes. Assemble each serving with a bun, hot dog, mango mustard, mayonnaise, arugula, mint leaves, apples and jalapeno slices. Serve with the remaining mango mustard on the side., ingredients: [12 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup small diced mango, 14 cup mango pulp, 14 teaspoon dried mint, 2 pounds ground chicken, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup chopped fresh mint, plus whole leaves for garnish, 14 cup cream cheese, room temperature, 14 cup tandoori masala, 1 tablespoon grated garlic, 1 tablespoon grated ginger plus 14 cup chopped, 1 teaspoon kastoori methi dried fenugreek, 2 jalapenos, seeded, grated, 2 red onions, finely chopped, 2 eggs, well beaten, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 Granny Smith apple, cut into matchsticks, 2 jalapenos, thinly sliced, 2 to 3 cups apple cider vinegar, Unsalted butter, for cooking buns, 8 brioche hot dog buns, Mayonnaise, Arugula], title: Malai Chicken Hot Dog, picturelink: pWYttaDyI4yRyxNA4bFss1puuy2CBQK}, 20832: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 2quart baking dish. Make the filling: Toss the blueberries, granulated sugar, flour, lemon juice and salt in a medium bowl. Transfer to the prepared baking dish.nMake the topping: Combine the brown sugar, flour, oats, nuts, lemon zest, cinnamon and salt in a separate bowl. Using your fingers or a pastry blender, work the butter into the flour mixture until coarse crumbs form. Scatter the topping over the blueberry mixture.nSet the dish on a baking sheet and bake until the topping is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, For the filling:, Unsalted butter, for the baking dish, 6 cups blueberries, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Pinch of kosher salt, For the topping:, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 12 cup almonds or hazelnuts, chopped], title: BlueberryOatmeal Crisp, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 20833: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the potatoes in a large saucepan with the cream and milk. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then add 1 teaspoon of salt. Reduce the heat and simmer until the potatoes are very tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove about 2 cups of the liquid and reserve. Add the lemon zest and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Use a potato masher to break up the potatoes while adding about 1 cup of the reserved liquid, to just wet the potatoes. Add more, for desired creaminess. Spoon the potatoes into a serving bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 medium Yukon gold potatoes, 2 to 3 cups heavy whipping cream, 2 to 3 cups whole milk, Kosher salt, 2 lemons, zested, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Lemon Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 20834: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan simmer apricots, water, and 12 cup sugar, covered, 20 minutes. Transfer hot mixture to a food processor and puree until very smooth. Force puree through a fine sieve into a bowl and stir in lemon juice, rum, vanilla, a pinch of salt. Cool puree completely. Puree may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring to room temperature before proceeding. Transfer puree to a large bowl.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter 7ounce 3 12 by 1 34inch ramekins and coat with additional sugar, knocking out excess.nIn another large bowl with an electric mixer beat whites with pinch of salt until foamy. Beat in cream of tartar and beat whites until they hold soft peaks. Beat in remaining 14 cup sugar, a little at a time, and beat meringue until it just holds stiff peaks. Whisk about 14 meringue into puree to lighten and fold in remaining meringue gently but thoroughly. Ladle batter into ramekins and bake souffles on a baking sheet in middle of oven 20 to 25 minutes, or until puffed, golden brown, and just set in center.nRemove ramekins from oven. With 2 forks pull open center of each souffle and pour some creme anglaise into each opening. Serve souffles immediately.nIn a small heavy saucepan bring halfandhalf just to a boil with vanilla bean and remove pan from heat. Scrape seeds from bean with a knife into halfandhalf, reserving pod for another use if desired.nIn a bowl whisk together yolks, sugar, and a pinch of salt and whisk in hot halfandhalf in a stream. Return custard to pan and cook over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, until thickened 170 degrees on a candy thermometer, but do not let boil. Pour sauce through a fine sieve into a bowl and cool, stirring occasionally. Stir in rum. Chill sauce, covered, until very cold, at least 2 hours and up to 2 days in advance.nYield: 2 14 cups, ingredients: [6 ounces dried apricots about 1 12 cups, 1 12 cups water, 34 cup sugar, plus additional, for coating ramekins, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon dark rum, if desired, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 5 large egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Vanilla Rum Creme Anglaise, recipe follows, 2 cups halfandhalf, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 5 large egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon dark rum, or to taste], title: Apricot Souffles, picturelink: null}, 20835: {instructions: Put the sugar, 14 cup water and the corn syrup into a small saucepan and stir until the sugar is dissolved. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat and cook, without stirring, until the syrup registers 240 degrees F softball stage on a candy thermometer, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, while the sugar is cooking, put the egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment and whip on mediumlow speed until foamy, about 1 minute. Sprinkle in the cream of tartar and increase the mixer speed to medium whisk until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes.nWhen the syrup reaches the correct temperature, reduce the mixer speed to low and slowly drizzle the hot syrup down the inside of the mixer bowl in a slow, steady stream be sure not to let the syrup hit the whisk to avoid splattering. Increase the mixer speed to high and whip until the whites are stiff and glossy, about 4 minutes.nUse the meringue immediately to top a lemon meringue pie., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: Italian Meringue for Meringue Pies, picturelink: null}, 20836: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill pan or outdoor grill to high. Mix meat and next 4 ingredients. Divide meat into half and score each half into 5 pieces. Roll the meat into balls then squish it into small, thin patties, 3 inches across. You will yield 10 patties. To make a double batch or more, meat can be made into patties ahead and placed on cookie sheets to store 24 hours. These patties can also be baked on cookie sheets in preheated 400 degree F oven for 10 to 12 minutes. But, on a hot indoor or outdoor grill, these small burgers will take just 2 or 3 minutes on each side for medium doneness. Serve on dinner rolls with chopped lettuce, chopped onion and Special Sauce.nTo make sauce, combine ranch dressing with ketchup and black pepper., ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground sirloin, 2 tablespoons dill pickle relish, 2 tablespoons steak sauce, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 10 soft dinner rolls, split, 2 cups chopped iceberg lettuce, 1 small yellow skinned onion, finely chopped, 12 cup ranch dressing, 12 cup ketchup, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, Sliced Cheeses: Cheddar, pepper jack, Swiss, Pepperoni, Sliced tomatoes, Yellow Mustard, Mayonnaise, Blue Cheese Dressing, Sweet Red Pepper Relish], title: AllAmerican Mini Burgers and Special Sauce, picturelink: IUXvC3PnS8niRwIPT..zvYnYwXKES}, 20837: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil. Scrub the potatoes. Add the salt and a sprig of mint to the water, and then add the potatoes. Cover the saucepan, bring back to the boil, and cook for 15 to 25 minutes, depending on size.nDrain and serve immediately in a hot serving dish., ingredients: [2 pints 1.2 litres5 cups water, 2 pounds 900 grams new potatoes, such as Home Guard or British Queens, 1 teaspoon salt, A sprig of fresh mint], title: New Potatoes with Mint, picturelink: null}, 20838: {instructions: Take the butter, cut into thirds, and melt in a large saucepan over medium heat until melted. Next, add the green onions, Worcestershire sauce, crab boil, cayenne, red pepper flakes, salt, black pepper, thyme, garlic, bay leaves and 5 to 6 shakes hot sauce. Cut the lemon in half, squeeze the juice in and then drop the lemon halves into the pan. Bring to a boil, but there should be no smoke. Add the shrimp in flat rows on top. Cook until pink, about 2 minutes per side. Pour everything onto a plate and serve., ingredients: [1 pound butter, 12 cup chopped green onion, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon liquid crab boil, such as Zatarains, 1 tablespoon cayenne powder, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon dried thyme leaf, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 bay leaves, 1 lemon, Hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 6 large shrimp U12, with heads and shells on], title: Zydecos 5 BBQ Shrimp, picturelink: c056MfJCVyL7wTMg1cVd4q2MKYd7fu}, 20839: {instructions: For the dressing: In a large bowl, whisk together the olive oil, vinegar, Dijon mustard and 12 teaspoon salt. Set aside.nFor the salad: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and 14 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring often, until soft and golden brown, about 12 minutes. Add the onions to the dressing and stir to coat.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the orzo until al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain it well and, while it is still warm, add to the bowl of dressed onions. Stir in the fennel and dried cranberries and allow to cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Add the arugula and mozzarella and toss to combine. Serve at room temperature or refrigerate until ready to serve.nCooks Note: If serving the next day, a drizzle of olive oil will help to bring this salad back to life., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, peeled, halved and chopped, Kosher salt, 1 pound orzo, 1 bulb fennel, halved and sliced thin, 34 cup dried cranberries, 2 cups baby arugula, chopped, 12 pound fresh mozzarella cheese, diced], title: Sweet and Tangy Orzo Salad, picturelink: bYUb4skBOmACcjrgyCbF6j1cj8ckPra}, 20840: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sushi rice: In a large mixing bowl, rinse the rice by covering with cold water and straining. Repeat until the water runs clear, three times. Using a rice cooker on the highest setting or a medium saucepan over high heat, bring 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons water and the sushi rice to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and simmer for 15 minutes. Being careful not to disturb, turn off the heat and allow the rice to stand, covered, for an additional 15 minutes.nFor the sushi zu: Combine the sugar, vinegar and salt in a small saucepot. Heat just until dissolved.nRemove the rice from the cooker or saucepan to a large glass or wooden bowl with a wooden paddle. Gently fold in the sushi zu. Bring the rice to room temperature and allow to rest for at least 1 hour covered with a towel.nFor the spicy tuna: Combine the Sriracha, mayo, sambal and sesame oil in a medium glass bowl with a whisk. Once incorporated, fold in the tuna and scallions. Mix thoroughly. Add in the chili powder, hot sesame oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready for use.nFor the vinaigrette: Whisk together the mustard, yuzu juice, wasabi, lemon zest and lime zest. Slowly drizzle in the oil, whisking to emulsify. Fold in the jalapeno. Season with salt and pepper. Reserve until ready for use.nForm the sushi rice into nigiri patties, 2 tablespoons each. Bring the oil to 375 degrees F in large castiron or heavygauge pot over mediumhigh heat. Fry the tots until browned on all sides, crispy on the outside and soft in the middle, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oil and place on a towellined dish. Loosely cover to keep warm.nTo serve: Drizzle the serving plate with unagi sauce. Place the fried nigiri tots on the plate, evenly spaced. Top each patty with 1 tablespoon spicy tuna salad. Garnish with a drizzle of yuzu vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 cups sushi rice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons Sriracha, 2 teaspoons mayo, 2 teaspoons sambal, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 cup finely diced sushigrade raw tuna, 2 teaspoons finely sliced scallions, Pinch chili powder, Dash hot sesame oil, or to taste, Salt and freshly cracked pepper, 2 tablespoons yuzu juice, or 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice and 1 tablespoon lime juice, 12 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons wasabi, Zest of half a lemon, Zest of half a lime, 14 cup canola oil, 12 teaspoon finely minced jalapeno, Kosher salt and fleshly cracked black pepper, 4 cups canola oil, for frying, 12 cup unagi sauce eel sauce, available from Asian grocery stores, optional], title: Tuna Tots with Yuzu Vinaigrette, picturelink: JjeWbItWFGhe54UHdJzREfZvkb.lHy}, 20841: {instructions: For the crust: Put the flour, sugar and salt into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the pastry blade and pulse a few times to combine. Add the butter and pulse a few times until the mixture resembles fine gravel. Add 14 cup ice water a few tablespoons at a time until the dough comes together and forms a ball. Remove from the food processor, divide in two and form each piece into a disk. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or until ready to use.nFor the filling: In a large bowl, combine the apples, sugar, cornstarch, crystallized ginger, cinnamon, lemon juice, vanilla bean paste and salt.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F and remove one of the disks of dough from the refrigerator. If necessary, leave to soften for 10 minutes or so. On a floured surface, roll out the disk into a 12inch round about 18inch thick. Transfer to a 9inch pie dish and gently press into place, eliminating any air pockets. Trim the dough overhang to 12 inch.nOn a floured surface, roll the second disk into a 12inch round about 18inch thick. Transfer the apple filling to the doughlined dish. On top of the filling, add the second crust, allowing each to overhang by 12 inch. Fold the top crust edges over the overhang of the bottom crust and crimp the edges to seal. Cut six slits into the top crust.nBeat the egg with 1 to 2 tablespoons of water. Using a pastry brush, lightly paint the crust with the egg. Using aluminum foil, make a collar around the edges of the pie to prevent it from browning too quickly.nBake 15 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue baking until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbly, about 1 hour. Remove the foil collar for the last 10 to 15 minutes.nTransfer the pie to a rack and cool completely.nServe with a scoop of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for rolling, 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 14 cup ice water, plus more if needed, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled and thinly sliced, 3 Macintosh apples, peeled and thinly sliced, 23 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons crystallized ginger, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste, Pinch kosher salt, 1 large egg, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Candied Ginger Apple Pie, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 20842: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line cupcake pans with 14 or 15 paper liners.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter, granulated sugar, and brown sugar on mediumhigh speed for 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. Scrape down the bowl. Lower the speed to medium, add the eggs one at a time, then add the vanilla and mix well. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, sour cream, and coffee. In a third bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. With the mixer on low, add the buttermilk and flour mixtures alternately in thirds, beginning with the buttermilk and ending with the flour. Dont overmix Fold the batter a few times with a rubber spatula to be sure its mixed.nScoop the batter into the cupcake liners. I use a 2inch ice cream scoop. Bake in the center of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes, remove from the pans, and allow to cool completely before frosting.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the evaporated milk, brown sugar, and egg yolks and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, for about 15 minutes, until slightly thickened. If the mixture looks a bit curdled, beat it vigorously with a whisk. Off the heat, stir in the vanilla extract, almond extract, coconut, almonds, pecans, and salt. Allow to cool for about an hour. Frost the cupcakes with a knife or small metal spatula., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, 23 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, shaken, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons freshly brewed coffee, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Pernigotti, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 1 14 cups light brown sugar, lightly packed, 4 extralarge egg yolks, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 2 cups sweetened flaked coconut, 1 cup blanched sliced almonds, toasted, 1 cup chopped pecans, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: German Chocolate Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 20843: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Bring water to a boil for the pasta. While this is coming to a boil, Trim and discard coarse leaves and tough stem roots from broccoli rabe. Peel large stems and cut stems and leaves into 1 12inch pieces. Rinse and drain. Set garlic in a baking pan and broil or roast for 10 minutes or until outside begins to soften and get golden. Add pasta to boiling water. Heat olive oil in a large skillet. When hot add roasted garlic, broccoli rabe, broth, dried red pepper flakes and salt. Partially cover skillet and saute about 3 minutes. Add cannellini beans and cook, stirring occasionally, until broccoli is just tender and beans are heated through.nDrain pasta, transfer to serving bowl and toss with broccoli rabe and beans. Shave Parmesan slices over the top., ingredients: [12 ounces dry orecchiette, 1 12 pounds 2 bunches broccoli rabe, 4 to 6 garlic cloves, peeled and left whole, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 2 cups cooked drained cannellini beans, Salt, Slab of Fresh Parmesan cheese], title: Pasta with Greens and Roasted Garlic, picturelink: null}, 20844: {instructions: Spread the salt out onto a small dish. Dip the rims of 4 margarita glasses in water and then dip them into the salt.nInto a blender, add the ice, lime juice, orange juice, mango nectar, and 4 shots of tequila, if desired. Blend until smooth. Pour into the prepared glasses and garnish with a lime wedge., ingredients: [3 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 cups ice, 1 lime, juiced, 1 orange, juiced, 2 cups mango nectar, Tequila optional, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Mango Margarita, picturelink: Du.Lm6tbOasQJtVKM4WfHVbLRi3DcJS}, 20845: {instructions: Heat a charcoal grill, or if using a barbecue, heat it to the whiteheat stage.nIn a small bowl, combine butter and lime zest. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Use a pastry brush to cover the fleshy side of the lobster with the lime butter.nPlace the lobster flesh side down onto the grill and cook for 4 to 6 minutes on each side. Meanwhile, make the mango salsa.nTo serve, place one half of the lobster on each plate and serve with spoonfuls of the salsa on the side.nIn a medium bowl, combine mango, red onion, chile pepper, parsley, cilantro, spring onions, lime juice, and olive oil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Set aside at room temperature to allow the flavors to meld., ingredients: [4 tablespoons softened butter, 1 unwaxed lime, zested, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large 2 pound, 4 ounces live lobster, killed see Cooks Note below, Mango Salsa, recipe follows, 1 ripe, firm mango, peeled and cut into small dice, 1 red onion, very finely chopped, 1 red finger chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 2 heaping tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 heaping tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 spring onions, very finely sliced, 1 lime, juiced use the lime juice from the zested lime, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Lobster with Lime Butter and Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 20846: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients for the centers, except for the powdered sugar, in a small saucepan over low heat. Stir often as the caramel slowly melts. When the mixture is smooth, add 34 cup of powdered sugar and stir. Save the remaining 12 cup of powdered sugar for later. Use a candy thermometer to bring the mixture to exactly 230 degrees, stirring often, then turn off the heat. When the temperature of the candy begins to drop, add the remaining 12 cup of powdered sugar to the pan, then use a hand mixer on high speed to combine. Keep mixing until the candy cools and thickens and can no longer be mixed. That should take 1 to 2 minutes. Let the candy cool in the pan for 10 to 15 minutes, or until it can be touched. Dont let it sit too long you want the candy to still be warm and pliable when you shape it. Take a teaspoonsize portion and roll it between your palms or on a countertop until it forms a roll with the width of your index finger, and measuring about 4 12inches long. Repeat with the remaining center candy mixture and place the rolls on waxed paper. You should have 8 rolls. Let the center rolls sit out for 1 to 2 hours to firm up.nCombine the 20 caramels with the 1 12 teaspoons of water in a small saucepan over low heat. Stir often until the caramels melt completely, then turn off the heat. If you work fast this caramel will stay warm while you make the candy bars. Pour the peanuts onto a baking sheet or other flat surface. Using a basting brush and working quickly, paint a coating of caramel onto one side of a center roll. Quickly turn the center over, caramel side down, onto the peanuts and press gently so that the peanuts stick to the surface of the candy. Paint more caramel onto the other side of the roll and press it down onto the peanuts. The candy should have a solid layer of peanuts covering all sides. If needed, brush additional caramel onto the roll, then turn it onto the peanuts to coat the roll completely. Place the candy bar onto waxed paper, and repeat with the remaining centers. Place the bars into your refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours so that they firm up. Pour the milk chocolate chips into a glass or ceramic bowl and zap it in the microwave for 2 minutes on 50 percent power. Gently stir the chips, then heat for an additional 30 seconds at 50 percent power. Repeat if necessary, stirring gently after each 30 seconds. Dont overcook the chips or the chocolate will burn and seize up on you. Drop a candy bar center into the melted milk chocolate. Cover the candy bar with chocolate using 2 forks, 1 in each hand. When the candy is covered with chocolate, balance the bar on both of the forks, one at each end of the candy bar, and tap the forks on the top edge of the bowl so that much of the chocolate drops off. Carefully place the candy bar onto waxed paper and remove the 2 forks. Repeat with the remaining ingredients, and then chill the candy bars until firm., ingredients: [14 cup whole milk, 5 unwrapped caramels, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon butter, 14 teaspoon vanilla, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups powdered sugar, 20 unwrapped caramels, 1 12 teaspoons water, 2 cups dry roasted peanuts, 1 12ounce bag milk chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Covered Peanut Candy Bar, picturelink: null}, 20847: {instructions: In a food processor puree the chestnuts with enough confectioners sugar to make it taste sweet. Add enough rum to make it the puree loose enough to fold into whipped cream season with some instant espresso and vanilla. Chill until serving time.nWhip the cream and sweeten lightly with confectioners sugar and chill until serving time.nRight before serving fold chestnut puree and cream together and transfer to serving glasses garnish with shavings of bittersweet chocolate., ingredients: [1 cup canned unsweetened chestnuts preferably packed in water, Confectioners sugar, Rum to thin, Pinch instant espresso coffee, Vanilla, 12 cup heavy cream, Bittersweet chocolate], title: Chestnut Mousse, picturelink: null}, 20848: {instructions: Combine the cucumber and tomatoes in a blender, reserving 14 cup of each for garnish. Add the bell pepper, onion, vinegar, 1 teaspoon each dill and parsley, 1 clove garlic and the sugar puree until smooth. Pass through a fine mesh strainer into a bowl, pressing with the back of a spoon to extract as much liquid as possible. Season with 1 teaspoon salt. Refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the croutons: Heat the remaining clove garlic with the olive oil in a skillet over low heat. Add the bread cubes and the remaining 3 teaspoons each dill and parsley. Cook, stirring, until golden and crunchy, 10 to 15 minutes. Discard the garlic.nPour the soup into chilled bowls. Dice the reserved cucumber and tomatoes sprinkle into the soup. Garnish with the croutons.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 pounds cucumber, peeled and cut into chunks, 4 yellow tomatoes, cut into chunks, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into chunks, 13 cup chopped white onion, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 4 teaspoons minced fresh dill, 4 teaspoons minced fresh parsley, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices white sandwich bread, crusts removed, cut into 14inch cubes], title: Chilled Cucumber Soup, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 20849: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine first 6 ingredients to make a stuffing. Stuff sardines, layer in oven proof dish and bake for 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons currants, 2 tablespoons pignoli pine nuts, 1 lemon, 1 orange, whole, 1 cup bread crumbs, 1 cup olive oil, 12 to 16 fresh whole sardines, cleaned, scaled, rinsed, dried and butterflied], title: Becca Fico Sardines, picturelink: null}, 20850: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, brown the sausage. If desired, drain the fat.nAdd the onions and mushrooms and cook until tender, then set aside in a separate bowl.nIn the same skillet, add the oil and hash browns over mediumhigh heat and cook until golden brown on 1 side. Once golden brown, add the eggs, sausage and the mushroom mixture. Scramble together until desired consistency and top with the Cheddar.nCover with a lid until the cheese melts and serve., ingredients: [12 ounces countrystyle bulk sausage, 12 cup chopped yellow onions, 12 cup sliced fresh mushrooms, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 cups fresh hash browns, 6 large eggs, whisked together, 1 cup shredded Cheddar], title: Hobo, picturelink: null}, 20851: {instructions: Check that all bones have been removed from filets. In a small bowl, cream together butter and horseradish with a spoon. Stir in breadcrumbs and combine well. Season salmon and mound breadcrumb mixture on top and press down to cover top of salmon. Preheat broiler. Heat oil in nonstick skillet. Lay salmon pieces into skillet and cook over medium high heat until browned on bottom. Slide under broiler and cook for 34 minutes or until golden brown on top. Keep warm in oven until ready for service., ingredients: [2 6 oz. salmon filet, 3 tablespoon butter, softened, 2 tablespoon horseradish, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, Salt, Pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Salmon with Crispy Horseradish Crust, picturelink: null}, 20852: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Slice tops of Romas off and then cut in half lengthwise. Mix in a bowl with sugar and salt. Place on a sheet pan cutside up and bake for 2 12 hours. Turn oven off and leave tomatoes inside overnight. The next day turn the oven on to 200 degrees F. and slow roast the tomatoes for 5 to 7 more hours, depending on size. The tomatoes should be shriveled, but not at all crispy. Remove from oven, let cool, and then cut into julienne strips. Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Place whole garlic cloves and 14 cup olive oil in an aluminum foil packet and bake for 2 12 hours. Cloves should be very soft. Place cloves in blender or food processor and puree to a smooth paste, scraping down sides occasionally. Julienne one large head of fennel, toss with 1 tablespoon oil, a pinch of salt and freshly ground pepper, and roast in oven for 2 hours.nDice remaining fennel, put in a saucepan, just cover with water, and simmer until very soft. Puree in a blender. Allow to cool slightly and squeeze liquids out through a cheesecloth, reserving liquid. Discard solids. Cook pasta in 2 quarts rapidly boiling salted water, drain and set aside. Heat remaining oil in a skillet, add slivered garlic and stir until golden brown. Add broccoli rabe, saute to warm it, add crushed red pepper and oregano if using dry. Add fennel juice and reduce by half. Add roasted fennel, ovendried tomatoes, garlic puree, and oregano if using fresh. Stir in pasta. Serve in shallow bowls and garnish with shaved Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [7 medium Roma tomatoes, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 12 cups peeled garlic cloves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 5 heads fennel, 1 pound dry gemelli pasta, 8 garlic cloves, peeled and slivered, 2 cups broccoli rabe, blanched and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons dry or 4 tablespoons fresh oregano, chopped, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Shaved Parmesan cheese], title: Gemelli Pasta with Fennel Juice, Broccoli and OvenDried Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 20853: {instructions: In a blender, combine the mango, milk, sugar, and yogurt. Blend until smooth. Add the lime juice and blend.nPour into 4 chilled glasses and garnish with fresh lime slices., ingredients: [1 pound frozen mango, thawed, 1 cup milk, 13 cup sugar, 1 pint soft servestyle frozen vanilla yogurt, 12 cup fresh lime juice, from about 4 limes, Fresh lime slices, for garnish], title: Mango and Lime Lassi, picturelink: null}, 20854: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the breads into 1inch cubes and spread them out onto baking sheets. Leave out overnight to get stale. Alternately, bake them in a 300 degree F oven for 30 minutes to dry them out.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the butter. When it is melted add the onions, celery, and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Turn off the heat and let cool a bit.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13inch baking dish.nPut the bread cubes into a large bowl with the cornbread stuffing and add the cooled vegetables. In a medium bowl, whisk together the broth, gravy, eggs, and poultry seasoning. Pour over the bread and mix the mixture should be fairly moist but not wet. If it seems to dry, add some more broth. Fill the baking dish with the stuffing and top with the Parmesan. Bake until the top is browned and the stuffing is cooked through, 35 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [12 loaf sourdough bread, 12 loaf rye bread, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter plus more for greasing, 1 cup frozen chopped onions, 3 stalks celery, chopped, 2 medium carrots, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14ounce bag cornbread stuffing, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup turkey gravy, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: ThreeBread Stuffing, picturelink: MU9O90a3gjEAH8TKF2ARjMAO8KdQRpK}, 20855: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly butter 6 6ounce ramekinsnMelt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the cherries and 1 tablespoon of the Kirsch, and cook until the fruit softens and glazes, about 7 minutes. Divide the cherries with their juices evenly among the prepared ramekins.nPulse the cream cheese, sugar substitute, eggs, and remaining 2 tablespoons of Kirsch in a food processor until smooth. Pour the filling into the ramekins.nBake the cheesecakes until the edges puff slightly and the centers almost set, about 25 minutes. Cool the cheesecakes on a rack in the ramekins. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving.nWhen ready to serve, run a small knife around the outside of the cheesecakes. Carefully invert each cheesecake onto a plate, then flip the cheesecakes over so the cherries are on the bottom. Lightly dust with cocoa., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more for ramekins, 12 pound Bing cherries about 30 cherries, pitted, 3 tablespoons Kirsch cherry brandy, 1 pound cream cheese, softened, 12 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 2 large eggs, room temperature, Cocoa, for dusting], title: Cherry Mini Cheesecakes, picturelink: null}, 20856: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the ketchup, pineapple juice, cider vinegar, liquid smoke, onion powder, cumin crushed red pepper, oregano and garlic in a shallow baking dish. Put a layer of honey on both sides of the steaks and place the steaks in the marinade, tossing to cover both sides. Leave for 2 to 4 hours.nRemove the steaks from the marinade and pat dry. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and grill to desired doneness., ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, 12 cup pineapple juice, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon natural mesquite flavor liquid smoke, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, Honey, to coat, 2 rib eye steaks, Sea salt and pepper], title: Karris Steak Marinade, picturelink: dkpSMROALieGdaAkwtiF7i6U8t5MOO}, 20857: {instructions: Mix together the soy sauce, mirin, sesame oil, ginger and Sriracha.nToss the shiitakes and radishes in a microwavesafe 8by8by2inch baking dish. Place the fillets on top in a single layer. Pour the soy sauce mixture over the fillets. Cover tightly with plastic wrap make a small slit in the center with the tip of a paring knife to vent excess steam. Microwave on high at 100 percent power until the fillets are opaque white, 4 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 6 minutes in a 700watt oven. Let stand, covered, for 2 minutes to steam and finish cooking gently.nMeanwhile, place the snow peas in a microwavesafe medium bowl. Cover tightly with plastic wrap make a small slit in the center. Microwave on high at 100 percent power until the snow peas have turned bright green but are still crisp, 1 12 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 2 12 minutes in a 700watt oven. When removing the plastic wrap, be careful to avoid the hot steam.nDivide the snow peas between two plates. Top with the shiitakes, radishes and fillets. Drizzle any sauce left in the baking dish over the fish. Squeeze fresh lemon juice over the fillets, and garnish with scallions. Serve with brown rice., ingredients: [1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon mirin, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 12 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon Sriracha, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms about 12, stemmed and cut into 14inch strips, 4 radishes, sliced into 18inchthick rounds, Two 6ounce flounder fillets, each cut in half to fit in the dish, 6 ounces snow peas, trimmed and strings removed, 12 lemon, 1 scallion, green part only, thinly sliced, 1 cup cooked brown rice, for serving], title: Microwave GingerSoy Flounder with Snow Peas, picturelink: MQ7T6ynJOR5Wj24Tu926XzQzm29FY1u}, 20858: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStart by making the roux. In a heavy bottomed pan, preferably a castiron skillet, melt the bacon fat and stir in the flour. Its important to keep stirring this until it turns a deep dark brown. Usually about 30 minutes. Also remember once it is brown to remove it from the burner and it will continue to cook as the pan is still really hot.nFor the gumbo: Melt the butter in a large pot. Add the celery, onions and green and red bell peppers. Let simmer for 5 minutes. Cut the hot links in 14inch halfmoons and add to the pot. Add the water, clam base, chili powder, thyme, oregano, garlic, paprika, cayenne, chicken base, hot sauce and bay leaf. Bring to a boil and turn down to a simmer. Let simmer for 30 minutes. Take 1 cup of the liquid and stir it into the still hot roux it will expand to double the size. Add this to the gumbo and stir it in well bring it back to a boil. Once it has thickened, turn off the heat and stir in the okra and gumbo file. At this point you have a nice base that you can add your choice of proteins to, anything from crawfish, shrimp, crab, chicken or a combination.nServe in a bowl with steamed rice, soda crackers and Louisiana hot sauce., ingredients: [2 cups bacon fat, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 pound unsalted butter, 1 pound celery, diced, 1 pound onions, diced, 8 ounces green bell peppers, diced, 8 ounces red bell peppers, diced, 2 pounds Earl Campbells Hot Link Sausage, 5 quarts water, 34 cup clam base, 12 cup chili powder, 12 cup dried thyme, 1 tablespoon chicken base, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 12 cup dried oregano, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon cayenne, 1 bay leaf, 3 pounds frozen okra, 1 14 ounces gumbo file, Serving suggestions: steamed rice, soda crackers such as Saltines and Louisiana hot sauce.], title: Earl Campbells Hot Link Gumbo, picturelink: 2pALcpEEfV7ZOhdzrOjALEiZVbdku7G}, 20859: {instructions: In a jellyroll or large baking pan, toss the potatoes with the rosemary and oil, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and roast them in the middle of a preheated 500 degrees F. oven, stirring once, for 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds small red potatoes, quartered, 4 to 5 rosemary sprigs, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Potatoes with Rosemary, picturelink: null}, 20860: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the toasted bread cubes, garlic, 14 cup of olive oil, and the lemon juice in a food processor and pulse a few times to make coarse crumbs. Add the sundried tomatoes, basil, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and 34 teaspoon pepper and pulse to combine. Add the pine nuts and pulse a few times to combine but not to chop the nuts. Set aside.nMeanwhile, heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil and the wine in a heavybottomed pot, such as Le Creuset, and bring to a boil. Add the mussels, cover, and cook over mediumhigh heat for 4 to 5 minutes, until the mussels have opened. Discard any mussels that dont open. Add the basil bread crumbs and toss gently. Serve hot in shallow bowls with any pan juices., ingredients: [6 slices white bread, crusts removed, cubed, and toasted, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic 6 cloves, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 9 sundried tomato halves in oil, drained and chopped, 34 cup julienned fresh basil leaves, lightly packed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, 34 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 3 pounds mussels, cleaned], title: Mussels and Basil Bread Crumbs, picturelink: qP2k4DWmCSYOwd7895dSGBVWmLlU0Ne}, 20861: {instructions: Make the Green Rice: Combine the water and rice in saucepan with a tightfitting lid. Season the water with salt. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, covered, until tender, about 20 minutes. Set the rice aside, covered, for 10 minutes. Fluff the rice with a fork and stir in the chimichurri. Set aside, covered, until ready to use.nMeanwhile, make the Black Beans: Heat the oil in the saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the cumin seeds and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the bell pepper and onion and cook, stirring, until soft, about 8 minutes. Stir in the black beans and sugar. Bring to boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Set aside, covered, until ready to use.nMake the Salsa: Preheat a grill pan over high heat. Grill the pineapple rings, turning once, until charred, about 2 minutes. Transfer the rings to a cutting board and chop.nIn a bowl, combine the pineapple, mango, bell pepper, onion, cilantro, olive oil, ginger, jalapeno, and lime juice. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. The salsa can be prepared up to 2 days in advance.nMake the mahi mahi: Arrange the fillets in baking pan, season with salt and pepper, and rub with the zest. Preheat a cast iron skillet over medium heat for 5 minutes. Raise the heat to high and heat the butter and oil. Working in batches, if necessary, sear the halibut fillets, turning once, until well browned and just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side.nDivide the rice and beans among the center of 6 plates, top with the fillets, and spoon some the salsa over each.nIn a food processor, pulse the onion until finely chopped but not pureed. Transfer the onion to a bowl. Add the olive oil, parsley, cilantro, oregano leaves, garlic, and lime juice and pulse until finely chopped. Transfer the herb mixture to the bowl of onion and stir to combine. Season the chimichurri with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 12 cups water, 2 cups longgrain rice, Kosher salt, 2 cups Chimichurri, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and chopped, 1 large Spanish onion, chopped, Three 12ounce cans black beans, rinsed and drained, 12 teaspoon sugar, Sherry vinegar, to taste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pineapple, cored, peeled and sliced into 14inch rings, 1 mango, peeled, pitted, and chopped, 12 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and chopped, 12 red onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon peeled, minced fresh ginger, 1 jalapeno, or to taste, chopped, 1 to 2 limes, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Six 6ounce mahi mahi fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 limes, zested, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 Spanish onion, 13 cup olive oil, 13 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, 3 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves picked, 2 large cloves garlic, 1 jalapeno, stemmed and chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Seared Mahi Mahi with Grilled MangoPineapple Salsa, Green Rice, and Black Beans, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 20862: {instructions: For the butter:nIn a food processor add, butter basil, garlic, salt and pepper. Pulse a few times until well combined. Add lemon juice and drizzle oil. Pulse again. Add cheese, pistachios and red pepper flakes. Remove from processor with a rubber spatula onto a sheet of parchment paper and shape into a log. Place in the refrigerator and allow to set for at least 30 minutes.nFor the steak:nPreheat grill to medium.nDrizzle the steaks with olive oil. Put on the grill, and while cooking season with sea salt and black pepper, to taste. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, then flip and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill for another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the grill to a platter and allow to rest for a few minutes. Slice disks of butter, put on steaks while still hot and serve., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, room temperature, 1 cup packed basil leaves, 4 to 5 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch coarse ground black pepper, Dash fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup Asiago cheese, 2 tablespoons pistachios, Pinch red pepper flakes, Olive oil, 4 8ounce flat iron steaks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Flat Iron Steak with Pistachio Pesto Butter, picturelink: JeVoY3uHii4E35WoooyrATXurn1drW}, 20863: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nRoast the sweet potatoes on the prepared baking sheet until soft when pierced with a fork, about 1 hour. Let cool for 15 minutes.nSlice each potato lengthwise and scoop out the flesh into a bowl. Brush the empty potato skins with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Return the skins to the baking sheet and bake until crispy, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix the sweet potato flesh with the beans, cumin, chile powder, scallions and jalapenos. Season with salt and pepper.nRemove the skins from the oven and fill each with some of the bean mixture. Fit a baking sheet with a wire rack, transfer the filled potato skins to the rack and bake for another 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a food processor, blend together the sour cream, lime juice and avocado until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nHeat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook, stirring to break up the meat, until brown and crispy, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain off the fat.nTop the potato skins with warm, crispy chorizo, avocado drizzle and sliced scallion tops., ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 16.5ounce can baked beans with bourbon  brown sugar, such as Bushs Best Bourbon and Brown Sugar Grillin Beans, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 2 scallions white and pale green parts, sliced, dark green tops sliced and reserved for garnish, 1 jalapeno, seeds and ribs removed, diced, 12 cup sour cream, Juice of 2 limes, 1 avocado, diced, One 10ounce tube Mexican chorizo], title: Bourbon Brown SugarStuffed Sweet Potato Skins, picturelink: yZRjd14avifLm3EoqXZBBQ8v6fy3txS}, 20864: {instructions: Place the chicken breasts between two pieces of plastic wrap and pound to about 34 inch thick. Remove the plastic wrap, then combine the chicken and teriyaki marinade in a large freezer bag and refrigerate 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat a grill to medium high. Mix the mayonnaise, Sriracha and scallions in a bowl season with salt and pepper.nGrill the pineapple slices until charred, about 2 minutes per side. Remove the chicken from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Lightly oil the grill grates with the vegetable oil using a paper towel or silicone brush. Grill the chicken until cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes per side. Coat in the toasted sesame seeds and then thinly slice on the diagonal.nSandwich build: Split the baguette in half lengthwise and lightly toaston the grill. Schmear the mayo mixture on the baguette top. Layer the chicken on the baguette bottom. Top with the grilled pineapple, cabbage and the baguette top. Cut into individual sandwiches and serve with more teriyaki marinade.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 12 cup prepared teriyaki marinade, plus more for serving, 23 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Sriracha Asian chile sauce, 2 scallions, white parts only, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 small pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 14inchthick slices, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 3 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, 1 24inch baguette, 2 cups shredded red cabbage], title: Teriyaki Chicken Party Sub, picturelink: 5G5Yl8y0kL.xddLYmRghBtzvCkLzrz2}, 20865: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except salmon in medium saucepan. Simmer for about 15 minutes. Carefully place salmon, skin side down, in liquid. The liquid should completely cover the fish. Poach salmon until done, about 1015 minutes, depending on the size of the fish. When salmon is cooked, carefully remove it from the poaching liquid and let cool about 30 minutes. Serve chilled with Herb mayonnaise.nIn food processor, combine all ingredients until smooth, about 2 minutes. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nYield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [1 pound salmon, skin on, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 carrots, peeled, chopped, 3 bay leaves, White pepper and salt, Sprig of thyme, 1 lemon, juiced, 10 cups water, 12 cup diced celery, Herb Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 1cup mayonnaise, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup watercress leaves, 14 cup fresh parsley, 14 cup fresh dill, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon minced anchovies, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Poached Filet of Salmon with Herb Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 20866: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine 1 cup water, the sugar, lavender and mint sprigs. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sugar has dissolved, about 3 minutes. Cool and strain.nIn a blender, add the cooled syrup, raspberries and lime juice and blend until smooth.nTo serve, place some of the raspberry puree in the bottom of each glass, top with seltzer water and garnish each glass with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 6 sprigs fresh lavender, 6 sprigs fresh mint, plus more for garnish, 1 pint fresh raspberries, 1 cup fresh lime juice, 1 quart seltzer water], title: Raspberry Limeade with Lavender and Mint, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 20867: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the canola oil in a large skillet over high heat. Arrange the chicken thighs and legs on a tray in a single layer and season them with salt, to taste. Turn the pieces on their other side and season again. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, carefully add the chicken to the oil. Do not overcrowd the pan. Resist the temptation to move or turn the pieces. Allow them to brown on their first side, about 3 to 5 minutes. Use metal tongs to turn the chicken pieces to sear their second side, about 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a tray and set it aside.nIn the same skillet, add the cumin seeds and chili flakes, stirring rapidly to give them a quick toast, about 10 to 15 seconds. Add the onions, ginger and garlic and stir to combine. Season the ingredients with salt, to taste, then add the tomatoes, cinnamon, and bay leaves. Allow the mixture to cook and all the flavors to come together, about 10 minutes. Add the chicken back to the pan, keep the heat low and continue cooking until the chicken is cooked through, 30 to 45 minutes. Chefs note: If the sauce becomes overly thick or begins to stick to the bottom of the skillet, feel free to add some water, about 12 cup at a time.nWhen the chicken is cooked through, remove and discard the cinnamon sticks and bay leaves. Taste for seasoning and transfer to a serving bowl. Serve alongside the braised cabbage, if desired., ingredients: [4 tablespoons canola oil, 6 chicken thighs, 6 chicken legs, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon whole cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons chili flakes, 1 large white onion, peeled, halved and thinly sliced, 1 large ginger knob, peeled and grated, 6 garlic cloves, peeled and halved lengthwise, 1 28ounce can whole, peeled tomatoes, 2 cinnamon sticks, 4 fresh or dried bay leaves, Water, as needed], title: Braised Chicken Thighs and Legs with Tomato, picturelink: 2eDcprE.bdxiTahJhX9Q3OKeh4GY35q}, 20868: {instructions: In a large skillet heat the vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onion, celery, green bell pepper, and garlic until tender. Add the smoked sausage, Neelys Dry Rub, thyme, salt and pepper. Saute for about 5 minutes then add the red beans, chicken stock and bay leaves. Let simmer uncovered on low for 1 12 hours. Stirring occasionally and adding water, if necessary.nWhile the beans are cooking add all the ingredients for the rice to a small saucepan over medium heat. Cover and let cook for 15 minutes. Once the rice is cooked, let stand for 5 minutes. Serve with the red beans., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 pound smoked sausage, cut into 14inch slices, 1 tablespoon Neelys Dry Rub, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12ounce cans red beans, drained and rinsed, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 cups longgrain rice, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Pinch salt], title: Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: jgQQUbhgk92lKhQX50u2hadJwNVu6.}, 20869: {instructions: Mix together the butter and fresh herbs. Season with freshly ground black pepper. Place mixture on plastic wrap or wax paper and roll into a log shape of approximately 1inch diameter and place in freezer. For the best results, do this the night before.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large heavybottomed skillet, heat the oil to 300 degrees F or until a bread crumb sizzles when dropped in. DO NOT ALLOW OIL TO SMOKEnTake chicken breasts and using a sharp knife, make a pocket on the top of the breast at least 1inch long and about 1inch deep. Remove butter from freezer and slice into disks about 1inch long. Stuff the butter into the pocket made on the chicken breast, making sure the flap can close to hide the butter.nIn preparation for breading, prepare the following: Season the flour with salt and pepper and place in a shallow dish. Mix the eggs and milk and place in another shallow dish. Place the bread crumbs in a third shallow dish.nCover 1 chicken breast in flour, removing any excess. Then into the egg mixture, covering completely and removing any excess liquid. Then cover with breadcrumbs and place in hot oil. Cook until golden brown on outside and remove from oil. Repeat process with remaining chicken breasts. Drain and place on baking tray and put into the oven for another 10 to 12 minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Serve with crispy salad or vegetables and starch., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick salted butter, room temperature, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh flat leaf parsley, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups grapeseed oil, 6 boneless skinless chicken breasts, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Salt, 2 eggs, beaten, 14 cup milk, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, Crispy salad, vegetables or starch, for serving, if desired], title: Chicken Kiev, picturelink: null}, 20870: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBrush the pitas with the olive oil and cut each into 6 triangles. Spread the triangles in a single layer on a baking sheet, sprinkle with salt and cook until they are crunchy, 10 to 13 minutes turn the sheet halfway through cooking if necessary.nIn a bowl, combine the Greek yogurt, dill and lemon juice. Add the black olives, cucumbers, tomatoes and red onions and mix to combine.nSpoon the yogurt sauce over the pita chips and sprinkle with feta., ingredients: [One 6count bag pitas, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, 12 cup Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 lemons, juiced, 14 cup black olives, chopped, 1 cucumber, finely chopped, 1 tomato, finely chopped, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, Feta cheese, for sprinkling], title: Greek Pita Nachos, picturelink: wZHeZPuA8hogbS6j9IwDEduNp7Vdnm}, 20871: {instructions: In a large serving bowl combine the coleslaw mix, yellow pepper and tarragon leaves.nIn a small bowl combine the dressing, mustard, honey and poppy seeds. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour over the coleslaw mixture, toss to coat and serve., ingredients: [1 14ounce package coleslaw mix, 1 yellow pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 12 bunch tarragon, leaves removed from stems, 12 cup coleslaw dressing, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons poppy seeds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fresh and Crispy Slaw, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 20872: {instructions: Place the potatoes and garlic in a saucepan. Cover with 1 to 2 inches cold water and season generously with salt. The water should taste like the sea. TASTE IT If the water is under seasoned at this point it will be hard to have a wellseasoned end product. Bring the pan of water to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nDrain the potatoes and garlic well and pass through a food mill or ricer. DO NOT use a food processor or blender. It will result in a very sticky and rubbery end product.nWhile passing the potatoes, bring the heavy cream to a boil in a small saucepan. Once the cream has come to a boil, remove from the heat.nWhile the potatoes are still hot, add onethird of the cream and 2 pats of the butter and stir vigorously into the potatoes. Repeat this process two more times until all of the cream and butter has been incorporated. Taste the potatoes for seasoning, and add salt if needed. Serve immediately or cover with foil and keep warm in an oven on low heat., ingredients: [1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, washed and quartered, 2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 12 to 34 cup heavy cream, 12 stick cold butter, cut into 3 pats], title: Garlic Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes 2, picturelink: null}, 20873: {instructions: Rinse lentils and drain. Place lentils, onions and bay leaf in medium large saucepan with enough water to cover by 1inch. Bring to a simmer over medium heat then reduce heat to very low, cover, and cook very gently 20 minutes. Uncover, stir in salt, and add water if necessary to just cover the lentils. Continue cooking gently, covered, 10 to 25 minutes until lentils are just cooked through creamy, not floury in the center, but not mushy either.nFrozen pearl onions are a super easy way to introduce a savory note to legumes as they are cooking. Lentils are the quickest cooking member of the legume family and need no soaking since the seed coat is very thin., ingredients: [2 cups brown or green lentils, 12ounce package frozen pearl onions, 1 bay leaf, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Lentils with Pearl Onions, picturelink: null}, 20874: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace water on to boil for pasta. When it comes to a boil, salt the water and cook pasta to al dente. Drain.nWhile pasta is working, place veal in a mixing bowl and add to it the egg, garlic, sage, bread crumbs, cheese, nutmeg and salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle a little extravirgin olive oil into the bowl, mix and roll small 1inch balls. Arrange balls in a single layer on a nonstick cookie sheet and bake 8 to 10 minutes in a hot oven until meat is golden and firm.nToast the walnuts and place them into a food processor. Grind the walnuts and reserve.nIn a deep skillet over medium heat melt butter. Whisk flour into butter and cook a minute then whisk in wine and reduce by half. Whisk in stock, when it bubbles and begins to reduce, stir in the cream and reduce heat to medium low. Simmer to thicken the sauce a bit, 2 to 3 minutes, melt in the Gorgonzola and stir in the ground walnuts then season the sauce with pepper, to taste, and maybe a pinch of salt.nShred the greens into thin strips.nToss the pasta with the sauce. Serve pasta garnished and topped with a generous mound of greens to mix in as you are eating., ingredients: [1 pound gemelli pasta or other short cut pasta, Salt, 1 pound ground veal, 1 egg, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 6 to 8 sage leaves, finely chopped, a couple of tablespoons, 12 cup bread crumbs, a couple of handfuls, 13 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it, Ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 34 cup chopped walnuts, divided, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup cream, 1 cup Gorgonzola, crumbled, 3 to 4 cups 1 bunch arugula or baby spinach, cleaned and trimmed], title: Veal and Sage Meatballs and Pasta with GorgonzolaWalnut Sauce, picturelink: xomo0cdRAzv3cc4p6nVd65GQoe9Y2e}, 20875: {instructions: 1. Place all ingredients into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure lid.n2. Select Variable 1.n3. Turn machine on and quickly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n4. Blend for 1 minute, using the tamper to press the ingredients into the blades.n5. Stop machine after 30 seconds of blending to scrape down sides if necessary., ingredients: [14 cup 60 ml stout or lager beer, 14 cup 50 g soft tofu, 14 pound 115 g cream cheese, 34 pound 340 g cheddar cheese, cubed, 14 cup 25 g horseradish, 2 tablespoons 20 g diced red onion, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Horseradish Cheese Dip, picturelink: null}, 20876: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Blanch the spinach in water. Drain and chop. Mix the ricotta cheese with the spinach. Add the Parmesan and the flour. Mix well. Add a pinch of salt and pepper. Take 1 tablespoon full of the ricotta mixture and form small balls with your hand about 12 inch. Place in a casserole dish.nAdd some tomato sauce over the ricottaspinach balls. Sprinkle some Parmesan over and cook for 10 minutes., ingredients: [5 14 ounces spinach, 8 34 ounces ricotta cheese, 1 34 ounces Parmesan, plus extra for sprinkling, 5 14 ounces flour, Salt, Pepper, Tomato sauce, homemade or storebought], title: Strozzapreti, picturelink: null}, 20877: {instructions: Special equipment: Cupcake corernFor the batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin pans with cupcake liners.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda and salt. In a mixing bowl, cream the sugar and butter until light and fluffy with an electric hand mixer. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until each is incorporated. Beat in the vanilla. Reduce to a low speed. Add the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with buttermilk. Beat in the melted and cooled chocolate. Divide the batter evenly among the lined cups, filling each threequarters full. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and cool completely.nFor the filling: In a large mixing bowl, combine the coconut flakes and pecans, and set aside. In a medium saucepan, combine the sugar, butter, vanilla, egg yolks and evaporated milk. Heat the pan over mediumhigh heat until it begins to boil. Stir constantly. Let the mixture boil for an additional 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and pour over the coconut and chopped pecans mixture. Stir until completely incorporated. Put in the refrigerator for 1 to 1 12 hours to cool and thicken.nFor the frosting: In a mixing bowl, cream the butter and cocoa powder with an electric hand mixer on mediumhigh until light and creamy. Add in the vanilla. Add in the milk. Add 1 cup of the powdered sugar at a time, mixing between each addition. Add more milk as needed until you reach the desired consistency. Add the frosting to a piping bag fitted with a large star tip.nTo assemble, pull out the centers of the cooled cupcake with a cupcake corer. Fill with the coconut pecan filling. Pipe the frosting onto each cupcake. Place a small amount of coconut pecan filling on top for garnish., ingredients: [2 cups cake flour not self rising, sifted, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 13 cup sugar, 34 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 large eggs, room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, 5 ounces German chocolate, melted and cooled, 2 13 cups sweetened coconut flakes, 1 12 cups pecans, chopped, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 4 large egg yolks, room temperature, slightly beaten, One 12ounce can evaporated milk, 1 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup milk, plus more, 4 cups powdered sugar], title: German Chocolate Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 20878: {instructions: In a large heavy saucepan cook the onion, the garlic, the jalapenos, or chipotle in butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened, stir in the flour, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the milk in a stream, whisking constantly, and bring the liquid to a boil. Stir in the tomatoes. Simmer the mixture for 2 minutes. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a kettle of boiling salted water cook the macaroni for 6 to 7 minutes, or until it is barely al dente, drain it well, and in a large bowl combine it with the tomato mixture. Stir in the Monterey Jack and the cheddar and transfer the mixture to a buttered 15 by 10inch shallow baking dish or 3quart gratin dish. In a bowl stir together the bread crumbs and the Parmesan, sprinkle the mixture evenly over the macaroni mixture. Bake the macaroni and cheese in the middle of a preheated 375 degree F oven for 20 to 25 minutes or until it is golden and bubbly., ingredients: [1 12 cups finely chopped onion, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 tablespoons minced pickled jalapeno chilies, to taste or 1 to 2 tablespoons of chipotle in adobo, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 5 cups milk, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, juice discarded and tomatoes chopped and drained well, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 2 cups coarsely grated Monterey Jack about 8 ounces, 2 cups coarsely grated extrasharp cheddar about 8 ounces, 14 cup fresh bread crumbs, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan about 14 pound], title: Spicy Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 20879: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a champagne flute or coupe glass, mix the champagne and lambic. Garnish with a raspberry or two and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 ounces Champagne or sparkling wine, 2 ounces framboise lambic Belgian raspberry beer, Fresh raspberries, for garnish], title: Red Velvet, picturelink: UcOKvqUbq0yD.1sVliuXhBJ3Bgpc0eu}, 20880: {instructions: Place a large pot over medium heat with the olive oil. Add the onion, bell pepper, celery, carrots, garlic, thyme and curry powder to the pot. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper and sweat until tender, 5 to 6 minutes.nAdd the sherry to the pot, if using, and cook for 1 minute to reduce. Add the chicken stock, potatoes and kale to the pot and bring the liquids up to a boil.nWhile the soup is coming up to a boil, in a medium mixing bowl combine the ground beef, nutmeg and some salt and pepper. Mix together to evenly incorporate the seasonings and then portion the beef into meatballs about 1 tablespoon in size. When the soup has reached a boil, add the meatballs, beans and mustard to the pot, season the broth with salt and pepper, and place a lid on the pot. Simmer the soup, gently stirring occasionally, until the meatballs and potatoes are cooked through, about 10 minutes.nServe the soup garnished with Parmesan cheese, if using., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 3 stalk celery, finely chopped, 2 medium carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 tablespoons curry powder, Salt and ground black pepper, 14 cup dry sherry, optional, 2 quarts chicken stock, 5 to 6 small red potatoes, chopped, 1 bunch kale, stemmed, leaves chopped, 1 pound ground beef, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 2 15ounce cans small beans such as pinto or kidney, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, to garnish, optional], title: CurrySpiced Minestrone, picturelink: null}, 20881: {instructions: Add the black currant liqueur to the bottom of a chilled pint glass. Top with the cider and lager. To garnish, thread the rosemary sprig through the blackberry and place in the drink. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 ounce black currant liqueur, such as creme de cassis, 8 ounces dry hard cider, chilled, 8 ounces light lager, chilled, Fresh rosemary sprig, for garnish, Blackberry, for garnish], title: Turbo, picturelink: zUZBBA4o2e0RvvOgmxmyz4vWJB56FmK}, 20882: {instructions: Combine half of the onion, the vinegar and a pinch of salt in a medium microwavesafe bowl. Microwave until hot set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining onion and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Add the artichokes and heat through, 4 minutes. Stir in half of the spinach and cook until wilted, 2 more minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the asiago, goat cheese, mayonnaise and the remaining spinach.nHeat a grill pan over medium heat. Sandwich the spinachartichoke mixture between the bread slices. Brush the sandwiches with olive oil and add to the grill pan. Grill 3 minutes per side. Let rest 2 minutes cut in half.nDrain the reserved onion. Drizzle with olive oil, then add the tomatoes, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste toss. Serve with the sandwiches.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 small red onion, quartered and thinly sliced, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing and drizzling, 1 14ounce can artichoke hearts, drained and roughly chopped, 1 5ounce package baby spinach about 8 cups, 1 cup grated asiago cheese about 4 ounces, 13 cup crumbled goat cheese about 2 ounces, 14 cup mayonnaise, 8 inchthick slices crusty bread, 2 cups quartered Campari or other small vineripened tomatoes, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled SpinachArtichoke Sandwiches, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 20883: {instructions: Combine the strawberries, milk, and ice in a blender and blend on high until just smooth. Divide the mixture between 2 cups, top with a swirl of whipped cream and a cherry. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups fresh strawberries, hulled and stems removed, 14 cup whole milk, Handful ice, Whipped cream, for garnish, Maraschino cherry, for garnish], title: Strawberry Shake, picturelink: FgqovyEKNekkEKAkgusTQ4xBv3Vyw1e}, 20884: {instructions: Special equipment: Food smoker, such as Polyscience Smoking Gun, sousvide circulator, dehydratornFor the marinade: Toast the mustard seeds, coriander seeds, grains of paradise, black peppercorns, pink peppercorns, green peppercorns, fennel seeds, mace, cinnamon, cloves and star anise in a dry skillet until fragrant, being careful to not burn. Blend the toasted spices in a spice grinder. In a blender or food processor, blend the spices, onions, ginger, spinach, cilantro, garlic, tamari, salt and chiles until smooth. Add the grapeseed oil and blend until emulsified.nMarinate the chicken in the green curry for 1 hour.nAdd the buttermilk and marinade for 1 more hour.nFor the aioli: Shuck the oysters carefully, reserving their liquor. Strain the liquor through a coffee filter. Use the strained liquor to rinse the oysters and remove any sediment or bits of shell. Strain the liquor one more time, and pour over the cleaned oysters.nPlace the eggs, garlic and oysters into a tall, round container. Add a quarter of the oil and, using an immersion blender, blend until emulsified. Then slowly add the remaining oil while continuously blending to maintain the emulsion and blend until smooth. Transfer the aioli to a wide storage container and cover with plastic wrap to ensure the container will trap the smoke. Place the container over an ice bath. Use a food smoker with the applewood and alfalfa dusk to fill the container with smoke. Allow the smoke to infuse until it completely dissipates. Taste and smoke again if you would like a more pronounced smoke flavor. Reserve the aioli in a container over an ice bath and store in the refrigerator until ready to use.nFor the custard: Sprinkle the yolks with the salt and lightly mix with a whisk.nPlace the yolks into a vacuumsealed bag and compress under full pressure. Cook in a circulator at 65 degrees C 149 degrees F for 1 hour. Alternatively, cook the custard in a double boiler set over low heat stirring with a rubber spatula.nChill the mixture in an ice bath until completely cooled. Pass the custard through a fine mesh strainer. It should have a thick, smooth texture. Reserve in a squeeze bottle or piping bag.nFor the sea urchin powder: Gently wipe the seaweed with a damp towel and cook it in 1 liter of filtered water at 70 degrees C 158 degrees F for 1 hour. Strain the seaweed and add the salt to the cooking liquid, mixing until the salt dissolves. Chill the mixture over an ice bath until completely cool.nUse the mixture to brine the sea urchin for 10 minutes. Remove the sea urchin from the brine and blend with the mirin. Place the mixture in a dehydrator programmed to the medium setting. When the sea urchin is completely dry, blend in a spice mill.nFor the fried chicken: Fill a castiron skillet with about 3 inches of grapeseed oil and some schmaltz if using. Heat the skillet until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nStrain the chicken from the buttermilk and dust in the flour. Fry the chicken until golden, turning as necessary, 5 to 7 minutes.nSeason the fried chicken with the sal de gusano and sea urchin powder. Dot the fried chicken with egg yolk custard and place a few coriander blossoms and fennel fronds on top. Serve over the smoked oyster aioli., ingredients: [10 grams yellow mustard seed, 8 grams green coriander seed, 8 grams grains of paradise, 8 grams black peppercorns, 8 grams pink peppercorns, 5 grams green peppercorns, 3 grams fennel seeds, 3 grams blade mace, 1 gram cinnamon stick, 1 gram whole cloves, 1 gram star anise, 150 grams yellow onion, chopped, 100 grams ginger, peeled and sliced, 100 grams spinach, chopped, 66 grams fresh cilantro, chopped, 40 grams garlic, peeled and crushed, 40 grams tamari, 8 grams mineral salt, such as Jacobsen, 6 grams Thai chile, sliced, 100 grams grapeseed oil, 10 boneless, skinon chicken thighs, cut into 50gram portions, 500 milliliters cultured buttermilk, 15 Island Creek oysters, 3 eggs, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, Applewood dust, Toasted alfafa hay dust, 25 egg yolks, 10 grams mineral salt, such as Jacobsen, 5 grams kombu seaweed, 40 grams mineral salt, such as Jacobsen, One 400gram tray Santa Barbara sea urchin, 20 grams mirin, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, Grapeseed oil, for frying, Chicken schmaltz, optional, Serving suggestions: sal de gusano, coriander blossoms and fennel fronds, 800 grams grapeseed oil], title: Green Curry Fried Chicken with Smoked Oyster Aioli, picturelink: iuWbyP.36XS2cXiOvRV6hTEpb1Hu79G}, 20885: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Put the bread cubes in a large bowl. Heat the stock in a small pan on high heat until boiling. Reduce the heat and set to simmer on the back burner.nBeat the eggs together in a bowl.nSet a large saute pan on mediumhigh heat and warm the oil and butter. When the liquids move around the pan easily, add the celery and onion. Cook, stirring, until soft and translucent, about 7 minutes.nAdd the rosemary, sage and thyme and cook, stirring, until they release their fragrance, about 1 minute. Add the celery mixture to the bread cubes and toss to combine. Transfer to a 3quart casserole pan.nPour a few tablespoons of the hot stock into the beaten eggs and quickly stir until the stock is incorporated. Slowly add the remaining stock, continuing to stir.nPour the eggy stock over the pan of bread cubes. Press down on the cubes with your hands to distribute the liquid evenly. Cover the casserole pan with foil.nBake the stuffing for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and cook until the stuffing is steaming hot and browned, but not dry, about 10 minutes more. A toothpick inserted in the middle should come out clean.nCover with gravy, immediately., ingredients: [8 cups glutenfree 1inch bread cubes from about 2 sandwich loaves, 2 cups turkey or chicken stock, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 ribs celery, diced, 1 large onion, diced, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh sage, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Gravy, for serving], title: Classic GlutenFree Stuffing, picturelink: t5M8rhcPP47d0kkxdjP8m8n8Gv5pj.}, 20886: {instructions: Mix the sugar, salt, and cinnamon together in a small bowl and set aside. Place a rimmed baking sheet or a large paper bag on the work surface.nHeat the coconut oil in a large heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven over medium heat for 1 minute. Add 2 popcorn kernels. Once they pop, add the scraped vanilla seeds and stir. Immediately stir in the remaining popcorn kernels, wait 10 seconds, then quickly stir in the sugarcinnamon mixture. Cover the pot, leaving the lid slightly askew and facing away from you to allow steam to escape. Use oven mitts to protect your hands as you shake the pot constantly over the burner. Keep shaking until most of the popcorn has popped and you hear 1 to 2 seconds between pops.nImmediately turn off the heat, uncover the pot, and carefully dump the popcorn out onto the baking sheet or into the paper bag. Let cool at least 5 minutes before eating be carefulthe sugar makes the popcorn extremely and hot., ingredients: [2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon fine or table salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, 13 cup popcorn kernels, 12 to 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped away], title: Warm Spiced Vanilla Popcorn, picturelink: oOcEFbI5PRywbWQDbN7SgmsADSLLhi}, 20887: {instructions: Cook sausage in large saucepan over mediumhigh heat 4 minutes or until crumbled and no longer pink, stirring occasionally drain.nAdd all remaining ingredients to saucepan simmer 15 minutes or until spinach wilts completely., ingredients: [12 pound mild Italian pork sausage, 2 cans 15 oz each Chef Boyardeeu00ae Cheese Ravioli, 1 can 14.5 oz each Huntsu00ae Petite Diced Tomatoes, undrained, 1 can 14 oz each reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 cup water, 2 cups baby spinach leaves], title: Chef Boyardeeu00ae Ravioli Florentine Soup, picturelink: iDxMl8qaEJwboeLyUHy7X9K9.WZGGxa}, 20888: {instructions: In a large heavy saucepan cook the garlic and the pepper in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, for 2 minutes, or until the mixture is fragrant. Add the tomatoes, squashing them in your hand, with the juice, bring the mixture to a boil, and cook it over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, for 20 to 30 minutes, or until the sauce is thickened and reduced to about 2 cups. Season the sauce with salt. The sauce keeps, covered and chilled, for 1 week., ingredients: [1 large garlic clove, minced, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 28ounce can Italian plum tomatoes including the juice], title: Tomato Pizza Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20889: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 4 to 5ounce ramekinsnCan be found at specialty gourmet marketsnPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the cream, milk, and rose water over mediumlow heat until warm, about 4 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, sugar, and salt until smooth. Slowly whisk in the milk mixture. Stir in the mashed raspberries. Using a ladle, divide the mixture between 4 ramekins. Place the ramekins in an 8 by 8inch baking pan. Pour enough hot water into the pan to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake for 30 minutes until the custard is almost set. Remove the pan from the oven and allow the ramekins to cool while still in the water, about 1 hour. Remove the ramekins from the water and refrigerate for at least 2 hours until set.nServe with a packet of carbonated candy., ingredients: [34 cup heavy cream, 12 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon rose water, 4 egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, Pinch fine sea salt, 34 cup fresh or frozen and thawed raspberries, mashed, 4 packets carbonated candy recommended: Pop Rocks], title: Raspberry Rose Pots de Creme, picturelink: 7Q8JW9Ws.ZxoPffTxOCDAnPU9CHAzu}, 20890: {instructions: In a medium skillet, heat the butter over mediumhigh heat until melted. Add the garlic, lemon juice, pepper, Creole seasoning and Worcestershire. Add the shrimp and cook until pink, 3 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons Creole seasoning, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 jumbo headon prawn, deveined, shell on], title: Creole Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 20891: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nMash grits until smooth, if they are leftovers. Add melted butter, eggs, and evaporated milk. Then add 1 12 cups grated cheese, reserving 14 cup for the topping. Combine thoroughly. Add paprika and cayenne. Pour mixture into a buttered casserole. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until brown. Sprinkle with remaining grated cheese and more paprika. Return to oven and cook a few minutes more, until topping has melted., ingredients: [3 cups cooked grits, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups evaporated milk, 1 34 cups grated Cheddar, Paprika, to taste, Cayenne pepper, to taste usually no more than 1 or 2 dashes], title: Baked Grits, picturelink: null}, 20892: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin pans with paper liners. Put the butter, cocoa powder and 34 cup water in a medium microwavesafe bowl, cover with plastic wrap and microwave until the butter melts, about 2 minutes. Whisk to combine, then whisk in the brown sugar.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Whisk in the warm cocoa mixture. In another bowl, whisk the buttermilk, eggs and vanilla stir into the batter until just combined but dont overmix.nDivide the batter among the prepared cups, filling each about threequarters of the way. Bake until the cupcakes spring back when touched, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool in the pans 10 minutes, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMake the topping: Beat the confectioners sugar, corn syrup, shortening and peppermint extract with a mixer until a tight paste forms. Gather into a ball, place between two sheets of parchment paper and roll out to 14 inch thick microwave 15 seconds to soften, if necessary. Use a 212inch round cutter or juice glass to cut into disks reroll the scraps. Place a peppermint disk on top of each cupcake.nMake the glaze: Put the chocolate, corn syrup, butter and 14 cup water in a microwavesafe bowl, cover with plastic wrap and microwave on 50 percent power until the chocolate melts, about 2 minutes. Whisk to combine, then cool slightly. Spread the glaze over the peppermint topping, leaving some peppermint exposed. Refrigerate until set, at least 20 minutes. Serve cold.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 3 14 cups packed dark brown sugar, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 114 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 1pound box confectioners sugar about 4 cups, 12 cup light corn syrup, 14 cup vegetable shortening or cocoa butter, softened, 2 teaspoons peppermint extract, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 14 cup light corn syrup, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Mint Patty Cakes, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 20893: {instructions: Combine the ButterInfused Bourbon, vermouth and bitters in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Stir for 30 seconds and strain into a chilled glass. The cocktail can be serve straight up or on the rocks. Garnish with the orange zest and cherry.nCombine the bourbon and butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook until the butter melts. Transfer to a container and freeze until the butter has solidified. Remove the large piece of bourboninfused butter and reserve, refrigerated in an airtight container, for cooking. Strain the bourbon through a finemeshed sieve and coffee filter to remove any remaining particles of butter. Return the butterinfused bourbon to its original bottle and keep frozen to use in cocktails for up to one month., ingredients: [2 ounces ButterInfused Bourbon, recipe follows, 2 ounces sweet vermouth, Dash spiced cherry or regular bitters, such as Angostura, 1 strip orange zest, 1 regular or Italian maraschino cherry, such as Luxardo cherries, One 750milliliter bottle goodquality bourbon, 2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Buttery Manhattan, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 20894: {instructions: Mix 14 cup lime juice and 1 tablespoon each fish sauce and olive oil season with salt and sugar. Toss half of the dressing with shaved carrots, sliced red onion and cilantro. Lightly mix 6 ounces ground pork with a big pinch of kosher salt. Form into a ball, then shape into a 34inchthick patty make an indentation in the center. Preheat a grill to high brush the grates and burger with canola oil. Season the patty with salt and grill about 4 minutes per side, basting with the remaining dressing. Serve on a roll with mayonnaise, chili sauce and the slaw., ingredients: [], title: Thai Pork Burger, picturelink: HgfAXYtD68psSNd7F8RVKZvSJcLvg3u}, 20895: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and grease a 9inch round pie pan. Line pan with greased parchment or waxed paper. In the top of a double boiler, melt the butter and chocolate and stir until smooth. Whip the egg yolks and the sugar until fluffy and pale in color. Fold butter and chocolate mixture into the egg yolk and sugar mixture, adding the coffee liqueur. Whip the egg whites to soft peaks and gently fold into the chocolate mixture. Pour into the pie pan and bake for 25 to 35 minutes then allow to cool completely.nCajeta: In a medium saucepan, bring water and sugar to a boil, do not stir. Remove from heat when the sugar is amber in color and add enough cream to thin the caramel to a fairly liquid consistency. Stir in butter. To test consistency, dip a spoon into the caramel mixture and allow to cool. If the cajeta is gooey but holds its shape, its ready if it hardens too much, add a little more cream and test again.nStrawberryLime Salsa: In a blender, puree half the strawberries with the lime juice and the sugar. Strain and reserve. Cut the remainder of the strawberries in quarters and mix with the puree. Add chiffonade of mint.nWhen the cajeta has cooled a little, but is still warm, pour over cake on top of a wire rack to catch the drippings. Using your hand, pat almonds all around the sides of the cake. Refrigerate for 2 hours and serve chilled with salsa., ingredients: [16 tablespoons 2 sticks unsalted butter, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, 7 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 ounces coffee liqueur recommended: Kahlua, Whites from 5 eggs, 1 cup sliced almonds, toasted, Cajeta, recipe follows, Strawberrylime salsa, recipe follows, 12 cup water, 1 cup sugar, Approximately 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 pints strawberries, 2 key limes or 1 large lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons chiffonade of mint], title: Flourless ChocolateKahlua Cake with Cajeta, picturelink: X.GpZmroQ5HdRfz3jeRyzIbh.vUuiC}, 20896: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the blackeyed peas, green pepper, celery, and both onions.nIn a small bowl, combine the oil, sugar, vinegar, garlic, salt, black pepper, and hot sauce. Pour the dressing over the peas. Toss. Let stand refrigerated overnight for the flavors t, ingredients: [1 12 cups cooked or canned blackeyed peas, 34 cup chopped green bell pepper, 12 cup chopped celery, 12 cup chopped red onion, 14 cup chopped onion, 14 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon hot sauce], title: Sylvias BlackEyed Pea Salad, picturelink: null}, 20897: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCream the butter and peanut butter together in a large mixer on high. Add the sugar, brown sugar and vanilla and continue to beat until the mixture is fluffy. Add the egg and beat until combined. Mix the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and oats together in a separate bowl and add to the butter mixture. Mix until well combined.nPlace the batter onto a sheet pan by the tablespoonful, leaving about 2 inches between each cookie. Bake in the top half of the oven until the cookies are golden, about 10 minutes. Remove and let cool.nWhen the cookies are completely cool, put a teaspoonful of the butter cream or simply just some peanut butter and strawberry jelly, or chocolatehazelnut spread into the center of half of the cookies. Top with the remaining cookies, pressing down until the filling squeezes out a bit. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nPinch salt Cream the butter and peanut butter together using an electric mixer. Add the sugar and molasses and beat until thick and creamy, about 2 minutes. Add the heavy cream and salt and beat one additional minute. Spread on the cookies immediately., ingredients: [1 stick butter, softened, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 egg, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup quick oats, Peanut Butter Molasses Buttercream, recipe follows, 1 stick butter, at room temperature, 12 cup peanut butter, 34 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons molasses, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 34 cup creamy peanut butter, 34 cup strawberry jam], title: Peanut Butter Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: null}, 20898: {instructions: Soak beans overnight in large bowl of cold water. Drain, transfer to a large saucepan and cover with cold water by 2 inches. Add the ham hock, bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce to medium heat and simmer until tender, 1 to 1 12 hours. Drain and set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the butter and oil in a medium saucepan over high heat until the butter has melted. Add the onion and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat in the mixture. Add 2 34 cups water and 1 tablespoon of salt or to taste, stir and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium, cover the pan and cook until the water is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered, for 5 minutes. Remove the lid, fluff the rice.nTransfer the beans and rice to a large pot, add the pesto, remaining butter and about 14 cup of water and cook until the water is absorbed. Season with salt and pepper.nCombine cilantro, pine nuts and garlic in a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and process until combined. Add the cheese, salt and pepper and pulse a few times to incorporate. Transfer to a bowl., ingredients: [1 pound black beans, picked over, 1 ham hock, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, finely diced, 1 12 cups longgrain white rice, 2 34 cups water, 1 recipe Pesto, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 8 cloves roasted garlic, 1 cup olive oil, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Bolos Black Beans and Rice, picturelink: gNhFXZTi.elzUng3PZLy3.hnFb.Q3hy}, 20899: {instructions: For the red wine fries: Combine the potatoes, red wine, salt and sugar in a medium pot and bring to a boil. Parcook the potatoes for 13 minutes to soften. Immediately turn off the heat. Let the potatoes cool completely in the wine, then strain and pat dry with paper towels. Slice the potatoes into 12by12by2 12inch fries.nFor the cabernet ketchup: Add the cabernet to a small saucepan, bring to a simmer and reduce to 14 cup, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the grapeskin flour and the ketchup. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool completely.nIn a heavyduty pot, preheat 3 inches of canola oil to 250 degrees F. Blanch the potatoes in the preheated oil for 2 minutes. Remove to a papertowellined baking sheet to drain. Raise the oil temperature to 350 degrees F and fry the potatoes a second time until crispy, about 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with salt immediately.nServe the red wine fries with the cabernet ketchup., ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, 1 12 bottles red wine, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup cabernet or other dry red wine, 1 tablespoon grapeskin flour or sumac, 2 cups ketchup, Canola oil, for frying], title: Red Wine Fries with Cabernet Ketchup, picturelink: aLlOOHPNoedUNuQF7lmAX3QBS1t6uuG}, 20900: {instructions: In a saucepan, saute the onions and garlic. Add the tamarind syrup, vinegar, brown sugar, ketchup, and bay leaves. Reduce until it becomes thick syrup, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Let cool completely.nYucca Mojo: Peel yucca and boil in salted water until tender. Drain and cool. Cut in long sticks then lightly flour and fry until crisp.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a hot pan, saute onions, peppers, and garlic in a touch of oil. When soft, add the rest of the oil, vinegar, fried yucca, and cilantro. Season the mixture well with salt and pepper.nGenerously dip the lamb chops in barbecue sauce and sear well on all sides in a saute pan. Finish in the oven for 10 minutes.nServe lamb over yucca mojo drizzled with Parsley Oil. Garnish with fresh avocado and watercress.nPuree parsley leaves, oil, and lime juice. Season mixture with salt and hot sauce., ingredients: [1 cup diced onion, 4 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 cups tamarind syrup, 2 cups white vinegar, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 cups ketchup, 5 bay leaves, Salt and pepper, 4 double lamb chops, 2 large yucca, Flour, for coating, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 onion, julienne, 2 green peppers, julienned, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 cup olive oil, 1 cup white vinegar, 1 cup cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper, Parsley Oil, recipe follows, 1 avocado, peeled, pitted, and sliced, 2 bunches watercress, cleaned, 1 bunch parsley, 1 cup olive oil, 2 limes, juiced, Salt, Hot sauce], title: Tamarind Barbecue Lamb with Yucca Mojo, Avocado, and Parsley Oil, picturelink: null}, 20901: {instructions: In a large pot, combine carcass, celery, carrots, onion, bay leaf and water and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 2 to 3 hours over medium low heat. Strain and discard vegetables and bones. Reserve turkey stock. In a large pot, melt butter and cook onions until tender. Stir in celery and thyme. Stir in carrots and rice and toss to coat. Stir in turkey stock and bring to a simmer. Cook until vegetables and rice are tender. Stir in turkey, corn and parsley. Return to simmer and season to taste., ingredients: [1 turkey carcass, 2 stalks celery with leaves, coarsely chopped, 2 carrots, coarsely chopped, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, 1 bay leaf, 8 cups water, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 cup chopped celery, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 2 cups chopped carrots, 1 cup rice, 2 cups chopped leftover turkey, 1 cup frozen or leftover corn, 3 tablespoons fresh parsley, Salt and pepper], title: Turkey Soup with Rice, picturelink: null}, 20902: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to boiling for the pasta. Cook the pasta until al dente and drain well so that you dont have excess cooking water which will dilute the flavor. While the pasta is cooking, melt the grapeseed oil and butter in a large saucepan over medium heat, and add the onion and garlic, cooking until translucent, being careful not to burn. Add the flour a little at a time to make a roux. Do this gradually because some batches of flour absorb more than others and you may not need as much. Add the bay leaves, and then incorporate the vegetable stock a little at a time to form a smooth sauce. Simmer for at least 10 minutes to allow the flour to cook out, then remove the bay leaves. Add the heavy cream and Cheddar cheese, then season with salt and white pepper. Fold in as much pasta as you need to acquire the right consistency for macaroni and cheese. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [1 pound dried elbow macaroni, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 12 cup butter 1 stick, 1 cup chopped white onion, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup allpurpose flour, or as needed, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup vegetable stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups sharp shredded Cheddar 8yearold aged if you can get it, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh chives], title: Hopes and Dreams Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 20903: {instructions: Combine the milk, water, eggs, flour, salt and sugar in a blender. Blend on medium speed for 15 seconds, until the batter is smooth and lumpfree. Scrape down the sides of the blender and pour in 3 tablespoons of melted butter. Blend it again for a second just to incorporate. Refrigerate the batter for 1 hour to let it rest. If the crepes are made immediately, they have a tendency to be rubbery when you let the batter rest, the crepes have a better texture and a softer bite.nPut an 8inch crepe pan or nonstick skillet over medium heat and brush with a little melted butter for added assurance. Pour 14 cup of batter into the pan and swirl it around so it covers the bottom evenly pour back any excess. Cook for 30 to 45 seconds, until the crepe batter sets. Lightly bang the edge of the pan with a wooden spoon to loosen the crepe then flip it and cook another 30 seconds. The art of flipping a crepe in the air takes practice, so make sure no one is looking when you get the first one going. If this intimidates you, use a heatproof rubber spatula to loosen and flip the crepe. The crepes should be pliable, not crisp, and lightly brown. Slide them onto a platter and continue making the crepes until all the batter is used. Cover the stack of crepes with a towel to keep them from drying out. This makes 10 crepes.nAssembly: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Forming the blintzes is kind of like making burritos. Spoon 14 cup of the Cheese Filling along the lower third of the crepe. Fold the bottom edge away from you to just cover the filling then fold the 2 sides in to the center. Roll the crepe away from you a couple of times to make a package, ending with the seam side down. Put an ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Brush with melted butter. Panfry the blintzes for 2 minutes per side until crisp and golden.nTransfer the pan to the oven and bake for 10 minutes so the egg in the filling cooks slightly and the cheese sets. Using a spatula, transfer the blintzes to serving plates. Spoon the Blueberry Sauce on top, dust with confectioners sugar, and serve right away.nServe with chopped banana and remaining Blueberry Sauce. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve.nIn a food processor, combine the ricotta cheese, cream cheese, confectioners sugar, lemon zest, and egg and blend until smooth. Chill the filling to firm it up a bit so it doesnt squirt out of the blintzes.nCombine the butter, blueberries, sugar, cornstarch, and lemon juice in a small pot over mediumhigh heat. Bring up to a low boil and stir gently until the berries break down and release their natural juices. The consistency should remain a bit chunky. It will thicken up when it cools down slightly., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 14 cup cold water, 2 eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for sauteing the crepes, Cheese Filling, recipe follows, Blueberry Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups ricotta cheese, 4 ounces cream cheese, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 lemon, zested and finely grated, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 pints blueberries, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 lemon, juiced, Melted unsalted butter, for sauteing blintzes, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Blueberry Blintzes, picturelink: WwKzpV6kHnBs1w9B4mMwEQzamSYelu}, 20904: {instructions: Scallop half shellsnPlace scallop shells into the freezer. Pour lychees into a bowl and refrigerate. Remove white connective tissue from the fish. In a separate bowl, whisk remaining ingredients and mix fish in 30 minutes before serving. Refrigerate for 30 additional minutesnThe fish should be lightly dressed. Salt and pepper to taste and adjust for balance., ingredients: [12 pound sushi grade hamachi, diced as fresh as possible, Juice of 2 limes, 1 scallion, chopped, 1 chive, chopped, 12 teaspoon cilantro, 2 and champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon meyer lemon olive oil, Pinch of salt and pepper to taste, 2 cans lychee], title: Stuffed Lychee with Hamachi Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 20905: {instructions: Boil the cassava in a pan of salted water for 10 to 15 minutes, or until tender. Drain well, then mash with a potato masher or ricer until smooth, and set aside.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a small pan over a medium heat. Add the mustard and cumin seeds and fry for 20 to 30 seconds, or until the mustard seeds start to pop. Be careful to keep the pan well away from your eyes and face as the mustard seeds pop and splatter.nAdd the fennel seeds, onion, and green chiles. Fry for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the onion has softened, and is golden brown. Add the curry leaves and the garlic and simmer for 45 to 60 seconds, or until just golden brown.nAdd the garam masala, milk use less milk if you are using potatoes and more milk if you are using cassava, cream, and grated coconut, and stir until well combined. Add the milk mixture gradually, as necessary until the mashed potato or cassava is smooth. Season the mixture, to taste, with salt, and freshly ground black pepper.nBring the mixture to a boil, then stir it into the mash and add the lemon juice, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound cassava tapioca or potatoes, peeled and cut into large cubes, 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 34 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 whole green chiles, pricked with a sharp knife, 15 curry leaves, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 6 to 10 ounces milk, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 tablespoons freshly grated coconut, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice], title: Spicy Mash, picturelink: null}, 20906: {instructions: In a bowl, combine tomatoes, coriander, red onion, and chile. Squeeze the lime juice over the mixture and season with salt.nServe in a bowl with poppadums on the side. Or, if the poppadums have been fried, then the condiment can be sprinkled over the poppadoms., ingredients: [4 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped into small pieces, 1 large bunch fresh coriander, chopped, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 red chile, finely chopped, 2 limes, Salt, 12 poppadoms a variety of plain and spicy is good, dry Sauteed or fried], title: Poppadum and Condiments, picturelink: null}, 20907: {instructions: For the sauce: Blend the strawberry jam and coffee in a blender until smooth, then transfer to a bowl.nFor the pancakes: Put the oven rack in the middle position and preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a clean blender, puree the doughnuts, confectioners sugar, baking powder, salt, eggs, milk, and cream until smooth. Cooks Note: Batter will be thick.nHeat 1 tablespoon butter in a 12inch heavy nonstick skillet over moderatelyhigh heat until the foam subsides. Working in batches of 12, drop rounded teaspoons of batter into the skillet and cook until the pancakes are set around the edges and undersides are golden, approximately 1 minute. Carefully flip and cook until puffed and undersides are golden brown, about 1 more minute.nTransfer the pancakes to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven. Make more pancakes as you wish, adjusting the heat when necessary and using 1 tablespoon butter for each batch. Serve the pancakes with strawberrycoffee sauce., ingredients: [1 cup strawberry jam or preserves, 12 cup hot strong brewed coffee, 3 4inch by 1inch glazed yeast doughnuts, torn into 1inch pieces, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 13 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 to 4 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Doughnut Pancakes with StrawberryCoffee Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20908: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, 3 garlic cloves and a pinch of salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is softened, 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring occasionally, 1 minute. Add all but 12 cup of the chopped tomatoes, the beans, broth, 1 cup water, the rosemary sprig, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer 20 minutes.nDiscard the rosemary sprig. Working in batches, transfer the soup to a blender and puree until smooth. Season with salt. Return to the pot and cover to keep warm.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and 2 garlic cloves in a small skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, 5 minutes. Toss with the bread, chopped rosemary, mozzarella and a pinch each of salt and red pepper flakes on a baking sheet. Bake, stirring occasionally, until the croutons are golden, 10 minutes. Top each bowl of soup with the croutons and the reserved 12 cup chopped tomatoes drizzle with olive oil.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 large onion, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 pounds tomatoes, chopped, 2 15ounce cans nosaltadded white beans, drained and rinsed, 1 quart lowsodium vegetable or chicken broth, 1 sprig rosemary, plus 1 teaspoon chopped leaves, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, plus more for sprinkling, 4 cups cubed ciabatta bread about 4 ounces, 12 cup shredded mozzarella cheese about 2 ounces], title: Tuscan TomatoWhite Bean Soup, picturelink: C3P1O7j6tL4tzcQ2iHOGKun4Udu4JiG}, 20909: {instructions: Combine eggs, parsley, Parmigiano, salt and pepper in a shallow bowl. Place the flour and breadcrumbs in 2 more shallow bowls. Dredge the veal chop in the flour mixture, shaking off excess. Then dip into egg mixture and cover with bread crumbs.nHeat 12 cup olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat. When the oil is hot, fry the veal until golden brown, about 3 minutes on each side. Remove from pan onto paper towel to absorb any excess oil.nIn a stainless steel or ceramic bowl toss tomatoes, onion, basil, lemon juice, oil, salt, and pepper. Plate veal and top with tomato salad., ingredients: [3 large eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon grated Parmigiano, Pinch salt, Pinch pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, One 10ounce bonein veal chop, pounded to 14inch thick, 12 cup olive oil, 3 Roma tomatoes, cored and cut into 6 slices, 12 medium onion, julienned, 6 fresh basil leaves, torn, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Costolette Di Vitello alla Capricciosa Veal Chop Milanese, picturelink: null}, 20910: {instructions: Put vodka, tea and sugar in a pitcher and give it a good stir to mix. Pour over ice in a Collins glass and top off each glass with a splash of lemonlime soda. Serve with a slice of lemon., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 bottle lemon vodka 32 ounces, 64 ounces unsweetened iced tea, 23 cup super fine sugar, Lemonlime soda, Lemon slices for garnish], title: Napa Valley Iced Tea, picturelink: kV0UtiPMuw9sR.JN4UnH8asUuacW01m}, 20911: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 6inch round cutternFor the crostatas: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the peaches, rhubarb, lime juice, triple sec, vanilla and 13 cup of the sugar.nUnfold the puff pastry dough onto a floured work surface. Using a floured rolling pin, roll out to a thickness of 18 inch. Using a round cutter or a 6inch circular template, cut 4 circles into the dough and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Fold 12 inch of the dough over itself all around the edge of each circle, crimping it with your fingers to create a thin border. Using a fork, pierce the pastry dough all over.nUsing a slotted spoon to leave excess liquid behind, spoon some of the fruit mixture into the center of each circle. Using a pastry brush, brush each pastry edge with some of the remaining fruit liquid and sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar. Bake until the edges are golden brown and the centers are bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes.nWhile the crostatas are baking, reduce the remaining fruit liquid in a small pot to a syrupy consistency, about 5 minutes.nFor the creme fraiche: In a small bowl, whisk together the creme fraiche, agave and lime zest and juice until soft peaks form.nRemove the crostatas from the oven and spoon the fruit syrup over the top as a glaze. Allow to cool slightly before serving with a dollop of the creme fraiche and a sprig of mint., ingredients: [4 cups smalldiced peaches about 6 peaches, 2 cups thinly sliced peeled rhubarb about 2 small stalks, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon triple sec, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed just enough to handle without cracking, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 cup creme fraiche, 1 tablespoon agave, Zest and juice of 12 lime, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Summer Peach and Rhubarb Crostata, picturelink: hiMfn2EIzzk8cBDn5Y4GiaSrXhRBjuu}, 20912: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, beat butter with electric mixer on medium to high speed for 30 seconds. Add sugar. Beat until combined, scraping sides of the bowl occasionally. Beat in egg yolk and orange peel. Beat in as much flour as you can with the mixer. Stir in any remaining flour.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll dough to 12 inch thickness. Using a 1 12inch round cookie cutter, cut into rounds. Press your thumb into center and fill with 14 teaspoon orange marmalade.nBake on parchmentlined baking sheets in a 375degree oven for about 12 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool. In a small saucepan, melt chocolate and shortening over low heat. Dip half of each cookie in chocolate mixture. Place cookies on rack to set., ingredients: [1 cup butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg yolk, 2 teaspoons finely shredded orange peel, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup orange marmalade, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 1 tablespoon shortening], title: OrangeChocolate Cookies, picturelink: null}, 20913: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees f. Place a 12cup standard muffin tin on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine 12 tablespoons of butter and 13 cup brown sugar. Place 1 rounded tablespoon of the mixture in each of the 12 muffin cups. Distribute the pecans evenly among the 12 muffin cups on top of the butter and sugar mixture.nLightly flour a wooden board or stone surface. Unfold one sheet of puff pastry with the folds going left to right. Brush the whole sheet with 1 tablespoon of the melted butter. Leaving a 1inch border on the puff pastry, sprinkle each sheet with 13 cup of brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons of the cinnamon, 14 cup of the cranberries and 14 cup of the raisins. Starting with the end nearest you, roll the pastry up snugly like a jelly roll around the filling, finishing the roll with the seamside down. Trim the ends of the roll about 12 inch and discard. Slice the roll in 6 equal pieces, about 1 12 inches each. Place each piece, spiral side up, in 6 of the muffin cups. Repeat with the second sheet of puff pastry to make 12 sticky buns.nBake for 30 minutes, until the sticky buns are golden to dark brown on top and firm to the touch. Allow to cool for 5 minutes only, invert the buns onto the parchment paper ease the filling and pecans out onto the buns with a spoon and cool completely., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter at room temperature, 13 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 cup pecans, chopped in very large pieces, 1 package 17.3 ounces 2 sheets frozen puff pastry, defrosted, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 23 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup white raisins], title: Holiday Sticky Buns, picturelink: vWpcSLVgDO42ffBJuHawo6Z8HVtWK6}, 20914: {instructions: Combine the peanuts, graham cracker crumbs, sugar and butter in a bowl and pat down into a pie pan. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10 minutes to toast slightly. As soon as it comes out of the oven, sprinkle the crust bottom with the shaved chocolate and set aside. It should melt in, then set up later.nPeanut Butter Filling: Using mixer with a paddle attachment, cream together the cream cheese, peanut butter, milk and powdered sugar until light and fluffy, about 1 12 minutes. Fold the whipped cream into the peanut butter mixture and pour it into the pie shell. Freeze for 4 to 5 hours. Two hours before serving place pie in the refrigerator. Shave chocolate over the top just before serving., ingredients: [1 cup chopped dry roasted peanuts, 1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup melted butter, 14 cup shaved semisweet chocolate, Peanut butter filling, recipe follows, 8 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons peanut butter smooth or chunky, 12 cup milk, 34 cup powdered sugar, 1 cup cream, whipped, 1ounce semisweet chocolate for shaving on top], title: Peanut Butter Pie with Chocolate Crust, picturelink: H2Xt0Sv5qVo6TqHeV4c0yi6qiSb6Iii}, 20915: {instructions: Squirt olive oil over bagel or brush bagel with olive oil. Place bagels in hot skillet. Cover skillet and steam saute until golden. This is a great way to use bagels when they get s, ingredients: [Bagels, cut in half, Olive oil], title: Fried Bagels, picturelink: null}, 20916: {instructions: To make the macadamia nut filling, use a small saucepan over medium heat and combine the sugar and water, then bring to a boil and cook until it caramelizes to a nice amber color. Remove from heat and add the cream slowly. Return to heat and stir until sugar and cream are completely incorporated and smooth. Add butter, candied ginger, and chopped nuts, then allow to cool slightly. If mixture gets too firm, simply warm to make pliable.nTo assemble, place the 4 spring roll wrappers down on the table so 1 point is facing 6 oclock. Divide the mixture evenly between the 4 wrappers. Fold the point facing 6 oclock over the filling and continue to roll. Fold over the left side, and then the right side to seal the ends and continue to roll until a small triangle remains. Brush edge with water and press to seal the end. Fry in 360 degree F oil just to brown the skin. Cut in half and put aside.nTo make the brown sugar ice cream, begin by bringing the milk, heavy cream, split vanilla bean, and sugar to a boil. Combine yolks and karo syrup and stir. Pour half of the boiling liquid into the yolks and stir until combined. Add remaining liquid and put back on the heat and continue to stir until you reach a temperature of 180 degrees F. Strain and cool in an ice bath. Place in an ice cream freezer and freeze according to manufacturers instructions.nTo make the pickled carambola, using a medium pot over medium high heat, combine vinegar, sugar, ginger, peppercorns, anise, vanilla, and saffron. Bring just to a boil, then remove from heat. Add carambola, and let steep for 5 minutes. Remove carambola with skimmer and cool. Cool liquid over an ice bath. Add cold carambola to cold syrup, cover, and keep refrigerated.nTo plate, place both spring rolls on a plate with a bowl of the pickled carambola and a bowl of brown sugar ice cream. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups Florida Crystals Organic Sugar, 12 cup water, 34 cup heavy cream, warm, 12 cup butter, 3 tablespoons candied ginger root, finely chopped, 2 cups roughly chopped macadamia nuts, 4 sheets spring roll wrappers, Water to seal, 1 cup milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean split, 4 egg yolks, 34 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup dark corn syrup, 2 cups cider vinegar, 4 cups Florida Crystals Organic Sugar, 2 tablespoons pickled ginger, sliced thin, 14 teaspoon black peppercorns, 3 star anise, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch saffron, 8 carambola star fruit sliced thin], title: Macadamia Nut Spring Roll with Candied Ginger, picturelink: null}, 20917: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a stockpot and cover with cold water add the rosemary and garlic. Bring to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are al dente, about 30 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the water and let cool.nPreheat a deepfryer filled with vegetable oil to 350 degrees F.nCut the potatoes into bitesize pieces and fry them in the oil until golden brown and crispy. Drain on paper towels, then transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 small organic russet potatoes, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 3 cloves garlic, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Rosemary Potatoes, picturelink: BDM3UA1WdLaSkQF81N.iV3x3TD4fxD.}, 20918: {instructions: Pour the olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat and allow it to heat up just a bit. Add the butternut squash, carrots, celery and onions and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Saute until they develop some color and cook down a bit, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the beans, tomatoes, Parmigiano rind and 3 cups of the stock. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Remove the Parmigiano rind. Add the cabbage and kale and simmer for an additional 20 minutes. Check the soup for seasoning and adjust to taste. Add the bread and press it into the broth to absorb. Simmer for 5 more minutes. If the bread still seems dry, add the remaining cup stock it should have the look of bread pudding.nCool the ribollita to room temperature before placing it in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate for a few hours.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Add 2 tablespoons light oil to the bottom of a 10inch nonstick skillet and preheat it over mediumhigh heat until hot. Using two spoons, spoon 1 12 to 2 cups ribollita into the skillet to cover the bottom. Flatten it a bit and let it cook until both sides are deeply golden brown and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Dont worry if the ribollita breaks as you are flipping it with your spatula just continue to cook until browned on both sides. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven while you cook the remaining ribollita in the same manner.nFor serving: Add the crispy ribollita to a platter. Top with the burrata, freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano and freshly ground black pepper. Cut into wedges and serve the prosciutto alongside., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups butternut squash, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 2 stalks celery, cut into 12inch dice, 1 yellow onion, cut into 12inch dice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, One 14ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, One 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, One 3inch rind ParmigianoReggiano, 4 cups vegetable stock, 3 cups shredded Savoy cabbage, 3 cups roughly chopped kale, 4 cups stale Italian bread cubes crust removed 1inch pieces, Light olive oil, for shallow frying, 7 ounces burrata cheese, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound San Daniele prosciutto, sliced paperthin but not seethrough nor shredded], title: Crispy Ribollita, picturelink: JwV8iBUtkeiXlITRG2.7nDi57nIuKW2}, 20919: {instructions: Mix 1 12 cups warm water 110 degrees F to 115 degrees F, the yeast and agave in a bowl. Set aside 5 minutes.nIn a food processor fitted with the dough blade, pulse the wholewheat flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour and the sea salt. Add 1 egg and the yeast mixture and pulse in 10second intervals until the dough comes together, about 3 pulses. Turn out onto a floured board. Knead 10 to 12 times, adding up to 34 cup more flour if the dough is too sticky. Cut the dough into 4 equal portions cover with a clean towel.nOn a floured board, roll out one piece of dough into a 14by11inch rectangle, 14 inch thick, with a shorter side facing you.nTo make plain pretzels, cut the dough rectangle into seven 11by2inch strips. For stuffed pretzels, follow the filling instructions, then cut into strips.nOne at a time, pinch the cut long edges of each strip together and roll into a 12inch rope with your hands. Transfer the rope to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Grab the ends and bring them toward each other, forming a U shape, then cross the left end over the right end to make a pretzel shape. Cross the left end over the right again to make a twist in the middle. Repeat with the remaining dough, spacing the pretzels 3 inches apart. Set aside for 10 to 15 minutes preheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nBeat the remaining egg in a bowl. Brush the pretzels with the egg sprinkle with salt or other toppings. Bake until browned, 16 to 18 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons dry active yeast, 1 tablespoon agave nectar, 2 12 cups wholewheat flour, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 2 large eggs, Assorted fillings, optional, Coarse salt or other toppings], title: Soft Pretzels, picturelink: XWVQEetONTFmPwdYDTa.eV55ClkYTOG}, 20920: {instructions: Bring a large heavybased saucepan of salted water to a boil and blanch the noodles for about 2 minutes. Refresh under cold water.nPeel and finely chop the ginger and garlic. Cut the chile in half lengthwise, deseed, and finely chop. Shred the spring onions and pick the leaves from the cilantro. Wipe and slice the shiitake mushrooms.nHeat the sunflower oil in a large heavybased wok. When hot, fry the garlic, ginger, chile, and mushrooms until brown, about 3 minutes. Add the noodles and spring onion stir to combine, about 3 minutes.nTo serve, arrange the noodles in a serving dish and garnish with cilantro leaves., ingredients: [7 oz egg noodles, 1 large piece of fresh ginger, 2 garlic cloves, 1 large red chile, 4 spring onions, 3 34 oz shiitake mushrooms, 4 tablespoons sunflower oil, 2 sprigs cilantro, freshly picked], title: StirFried Ginger Noodles, picturelink: null}, 20921: {instructions: In a bowl, mix together the polenta, flour, baking powder and salt.nIn a mixer, cream together the butter and sugar. Add the eggs and yolk one by one, then add the vanilla. Add the dry ingredients and mix until a firm dough forms.nDivide the dough in half, place each piece onto a piece of parchment or wax paper, and shape the dough into a rough log about 2 inches in diameter, dusting with cornmeal as needed to prevent sticking. Roll up in the paper, twisting the ends to seal, and roll back and forth a few times to smooth out the shape. Refrigerate at least 1 hour. At this point, the dough can be frozen for up to 2 months.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F, and line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. With a sharp knife, cut the cookies into 12inch slices, and place on the prepared cookie sheets about 2 inches apart. Bake, rotating halfway through, until cookies are just golden, 16 to 18 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool completely, about 20 minutes.nPolenta cookies can be stored in an airtight container for up to 3 weeks., ingredients: [1 12 cups polenta, stoneground grits or coarse cornmeal, plus additional as needed, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 23 cup sugar, 2 large eggs plus 1 large egg yolk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Polenta Cookies, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 20922: {instructions: In a tall glass, muddle or mash together the mint leaves and lime. Add the simple syrup or sugar and fill the glass with ice. Add the rum and top with club soda, stir well. Garnish with a lime wedge and a sprig of mint.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 fresh spearmint leaves, 12 lime, 2 tablespoons simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves, cooled or 4 teaspoons sugar, Ice, 1 12 ounces light rum recommended: Bacardi, Club soda, Lime wedge and mint sprig, for garnish], title: Bacardi Mojito, picturelink: null}, 20923: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray 5 4 by 2inch high cake pans with nonstick cooking spray. In a large mixing bowl, combine the cake mix, eggs, oil, and chocolate milk. Beat on medium speed for 2 minutes, scraping down the bowl to be sure the batter is well incorporated. Fill each pan twothirds of the way to the top. Bake in the oven for 12 to 15 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through baking. A toothpick inserted in the center should come out clean when done. Remove from the oven. When the pans are cool enough to handle, unmold the cakes and cool completely, right side up on a wire cooling rack.nIn a large bowl, mix together the milk chocolate frosting with cocoa powder.nTo decorate: Using a serrated knife, level the tops of each cake crumble the extra cake for cake crumbs to decorate. Adhere each cake to a 4inch cardboard cake board using a dab of frosting. Ice the top and sides of the cake using an offset spatula. Using a different ingredient for each, cover the sides of each cake by holding over a bowl and using hands to gently press the nuts, coconut, etc. into the sides of each cake. Place each onto small silver cake pedestals of varying heights. Top each with 2 or 3 chocolates and truffles., ingredients: [1 18 14ounce milk chocolate cake mix, 3 eggs, 13 cup oil, 1 14 cups chocolate milk, 2 16ounce containers milk chocolate frosting, 14 cup cocoa powder, 13 cup toasted pecans, finely chopped, 13 cup toasted macadamia nuts, finely chopped, 13 cup shredded coconut, toasted, 13 cup chocolate cake crumbs, 13 cup chocolate chips, Store bought truffles and chocolate candies], title: Mini Chocolate Cake Centerpieces, picturelink: kAk2xL08CO6nIEVpvMbqvgTDYc1tzJ.}, 20924: {instructions: Wash the beans well and put them in a large stockpot. Add water to the beans to cover by 2 inches and set over high heat. Bring to a boil for 2 minutes, remove from the heat, cover and let stand 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the duck sausage on a baking sheet and place it in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove and let cool. The sausage will not be fully cooked through.nAdd the whole onion, whole carrot, 2 of the thyme sprigs and 3 of the bay leaves to the beans. Add more water to the pot to cover again by 2 inches. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and let simmer until the beans are mostly tender but with still a little bite to them, about 50 to 60 minutes. The beans will have soaked up all most all of the liquid you cooked them in.nMeanwhile, pour the olive oil into a large skillet and place over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook stirring every now and then until crispy, about 2 to 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon remove the crispy bacon pieces to a paper towel lined plate and reserve. To the same skillet, add the diced onion, sliced carrots and garlic and sweat the mixture for 20 minutes, until the onion begins to turn translucent.nSlice the duck sausage on the bias into 12inch thick pieces and add them to the vegetable mix. Add the remaining bay leaves, thyme sprigs and sliced kielbasa and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Next add the wine, beef broth, tomato paste and salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high, bringing the mixture to a boil. Stir well to dissolve the tomato paste and lower the heat. Allow to simmer for 5 minutes.nRemove the whole onion and carrot from the beans, add the vegetable sausage mixture to the stockpot and return to a low heat. Stir well and cover. Let the cassoulet simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, or until most of the wine mixture has been absorbed by the beans. Spoon into a casserole dish, sprinkle the top of each serving with some of the reserved crispy bacon and serve with a crusty baguette on the side.nThis is the quick soak method. The beans can also be left to soak overnight in cold water., ingredients: [2 pounds dried great Northern beans, 1 pound duck sausage, 2 onions, 1 diced, 1 left whole, 3 carrots, 2 sliced 14inch thick, 1 left whole, 4 thyme sprigs, 6 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound thick sliced center cut bacon, cut into 2inch pieces, 10 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 pound kielbasa, sliced 12inch thick, 2 cups red wine, 2 cups beef broth, 4 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, Crusty baguette, for serving], title: Sausage and White Bean Cassoulet, picturelink: null}, 20925: {instructions: In a blender, combine avocado, cilantro, 34 cup chicken stock, and serrano pepper. Add orange juice, tequila, salt, zest, and remaining 5 14 cups chicken stock. Blend until smooth, in 2 batches if necessary. Strain through a sieve.nCut watermelon in 12 crosswise. Hollow out one half of the watermelon, forming a tureen. Seed flesh, and cut into 12inch cubes. Pour soup into watermelon, and garnish with watermelon cubes. Reserve remaining 12 watermelon for another use., ingredients: [1 pound Hass avocados about 4, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 6 cups homemade chicken stock, or lowsodium canned, chilled, 1 serrano or jalapeno pepper, seeded and veined, minced, 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice 2 oranges, 14 cup tequila, preferably aged, Coarse salt, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 watermelon, for serving], title: Avocado Soup, picturelink: null}, 20926: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onions and bay leaf, sprinkle with salt and cook until tender and translucent. Add the Jerusalem artichokes and potatoes and stir. Add 8 cups water and the thyme bundle, and stir. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Cook until the Jerusalem artichokes and potatoes are fork tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and thyme bundle.nIn a blender, puree the soup in batches until smooth. Strain through a fine mesh strainer into a new pot. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Add the cream and season with salt. Serve, garnishing each bowl with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and the thyme leaves.nCooks Note: When blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 white onion, diced, 1 bay leaf, Salt, 1 12 pounds Jerusalem artichokes, roughly chopped, 12 potato, quartered, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, tied with string, plus 1 sprig picked for garnish, 12 cup 35percent cream, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Jerusalem Artichoke Soup, picturelink: null}, 20927: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 9inch springform cake pan.nIn a saucepot, bring the stock, rice, 1 cup water and butter to a boil. Stir, cover and cook 16 to 17 minutes. Stir in threequarters of the cheese and season with salt and pepper. Cool.nPile half of the rice into the cake pan and mold across the bottom and up the sides of the pan.nHeat the EVOO in a large skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the fennel, garlic, onions, raisins and some salt and pepper, and cook to soften, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the herbs. Wilt in the chard and season with a little nutmeg, then deglaze the pan with the wine and cook to evaporate. When the greens have cooked down, remove them from the heat and fill the cake with the greens. Top the cake with the remaining rice and then with the breadcrumbs mixed with the remaining cheese. Dot the cake top with the butter and bake until golden, 25 to 30 minutes.nServe warm or at room temp, or chill and freeze for a makeahead meal. Reheat covered in a moderate oven until heated through, then crisp up the top uncovered., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, plus some to grease pan and dot top of cake, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 12 cups long grain white rice, 1 cup grated grana padano cheese or ParmigianoReggiano, Salt and freshly grated black pepper, 14 cup EVOO, 3 to 4 baby fennel, or 1 bulb fennel, trimmed and chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 small handful golden raisins, optional, 12 cup packed chopped fresh herbs tarragon, thyme and parsley, 1 large bunch Swiss chard, stemmed and chopped, Freshly grated nutmeg, 13 cup dry white wine, 34 cup homemade or panko breadcrumbs], title: Cheesy Rice Cake Stuffed with Herbs and Greens, picturelink: Y6EeIznqJ7sgzLMCEWifII1H3L0FU2}, 20928: {instructions: In a skillet set over medium heat, cook spinach covered, with the water left clinging on the leaves. Drain and transfer spinach to ice bath. Squeeze out all liquid. Coarsely chop.nIn a saucepan set over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the flour and cook, whisking for 2 to 3 minutes. Add stock in a stream, whisking until smooth. Add the mushrooms. Cook until tender. Add milk and stir until incorporated. Season with nutmeg, salt and pepper. Add spinach and stir to coat with sauce. Let cook for a few minutes, stirring., ingredients: [1 cup shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps wiped clean and thinly sliced, 14 cup milk, 18 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds spinach, washed and stems removed, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon flour, 12 cup unsalted chicken or vegetable stock, heated], title: Creamed Spinach with Shiitake Mushrooms, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 20929: {instructions: Zabaglione: Combine egg yolks, sugar and salt in a large stainless steel bowl. Whisk in the Marsala and Sherry. Fill a large bowl 14 full of ice water set aside. Place first bowl over a pot of boiling water and whisk the egg mixture vigorously for about 5 minutes, until it is thick and tripled in volume. Immediately put over bowl of ice water and whisk until cold. Fold in whipped cream. Refrigerate until ready for use.nSponge cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line the bottom of two 12 x 18inch jelly roll pans with parchment paper. Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. Put the yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer. Using the whisk attachment, whip on high speed until thick and pale yellow. Reduce to medium speed and slowly add the water and the vanilla. Scrape sides and bottom of the bowl. Return to high speed and continue whipping for about 5 minutes, until mixture is thick and ribbony. Fold the dry ingredients into the sugar egg mixture. Put the egg whites in a separate bowl of the mixer. With a clean dry whisk attachment, whip the egg whites on high speed until soft peaks form. Fold half the egg whites into the batter and then fold in remaining whites. Divide batter between the two pans and spread out evenly. Bake for 15 minutes, until golden brown and springs back when lightly touched.nAssembly: Cut the sponge cakes into three 9inch round circles and then cut each in half horizontally, to make six 9inch circles. You will need 5 for this recipe. Freeze others for later use. Put a cake circle in bottom of a 9inch springform pan. Top the cake layer with 1 14 cups of zabaglione. Continue layering cake and zabaglione in this manner, ending with a layer of cake. Refrigerate the cake for 1 to 2 hours to allow to set. Unmold the cake by running a hot dry knife around the edge of the pan and then releasing the latch on the springform. Put the heavy cream and the sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer. With the whisk attachment, whip on high speed until soft peaks form. Frost the sides and top of the cake. Decorate the top with chocolate shavings and sides with crushed amaretto cookies., ingredients: [8 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 34 cup Marsala, 14 cup Sherry, 1 12 cups heavy whipping cream, soft peaks, 2 12 cups flour, 5 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch salt, 10 large eggs, separated, 2 12 cups sugar, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons boiling water, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup chocolate shavings, 34 cup crushed amaretto cookies], title: Tart Dough, picturelink: null}, 20930: {instructions: Prepare fish: Simmer raisins in vinegar in a small saucepan until raisins are plump, 3 to 5 minutes, then cool.nCook onion in 1 tablespoon oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and transfer half of onion to a 9inch square glass or ceramic baking dish with a slotted spoon, spreading evenly. Reserve remaining onion.nCut fish into 6 equal pieces. Pat dry and season with salt and pepper. Spread potato starch on a plate and dredge fish in it, shaking off excess.nHeat remaining 1 12 tablespoons oil in skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute fish, skin sides down, until lightly browned, 1 12 to 3 minutes. Turn fish over and saute until lightly browned and just cooked through, 1 12 to 3 minutes more.nArrange fish on top of onion in baking dish, then top with reserved onion and drizzle with raisins and vinegar. Cool completely, then marinate, covered and chilled, at least 8 hours. Bring to room temperature.nMake salad: Tear enough fennel fronds to measure 1 tablespoon. Trim stalks flush with bulb and discard stalks. Quarter bulb lengthwise, then cut lengthwise into paperthin slices with a mandoline or other manual slicer. Transfer slices to a bowl and toss with radish sprouts.nWhisk together vinegar and oil, then whisk in sugar and salt and pepper to taste. Toss vegetables with half of dressing and divide among 6 plates.nRemove onion from top of fish, reserving it, and put a piece of fish on top of each salad. Mound all of onion and raisins on top of fish, then drizzle with remaining dressing and sprinkle with fennel fronds., ingredients: [2 tablespoons golden raisins, 12 cup kosher for Passover white balsamic vinegar, or 12 cup kosher for Passover cider vinegar mixed with 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced crosswise, 2 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 1 pound piece halibut fillet with skin about 1 12 inches thick, 2 tablespoons potato starch, 1 large fennel bulb sometimes called anise with fronds, 2 12 ounces radish sprouts or watercress sprigs, trimmed 2 cups, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, or 2 tablespoons cider vinegar mixed with 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 14 cup olive oil, 14 teaspoon sugar], title: Marinated Halibut on Radish Sprout and Fennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 20931: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the butter over medium heat in a saucepot. Add the orzo and toast until golden. Stir in the rice, add the stock and cranberries. Bring to a boil, and then reduce heat to simmer. Cover and cook until tender, 15 to 18 minutes. Fluff the rice and combine with walnuts and scallions to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup orzo, 1 12 cups longgrain white rice, About 2 23 cups chicken stock, A generous handful dried, sweetened cranberries recommended: Craisins by Ocean Spray, 13 cup walnut pieces, toasted, 4 scallions, thinly sliced on an angle], title: CranberryWalnut Rice, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 20932: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: slow cookernRub the lamb with the spice blend and place in a slow cooker. Add all the chopped vegetables and garlic cloves over and around the lamb. Pour in 4 of the 6 bottles of stout beer, then add enough water just to cover the lamb. Turn the slow cooker on high, cover, and cook for 4 to 5 hours, or until the lamb easily shreds from the bone.nWhile the lamb is braising, combine the mayonnaise and teriyaki in a small mixing bowl and store in the refrigerator until ready to use.nWhen the lamb is within 12 hour or so of being done, start reducing the other 2 bottles of stout in a small pot or saucepan on medium to high heat, allowing the beer to reduce by 12. When fully reduced, add the sugar and stir. Taste your reduction depending on your favorite stout you may need to adjust the amount of sugar to counteract the bitterness of the beer. When seasoned to your liking, turn the heat down to low and cover.nWhen your lamb is ready the meat is tender and shreds easily, remove the leg from the slow cooker and place in a baking pan. Allow the lamb to rest and cool while transferring your braising liquid from the slow cooker into a large pot. Be sure to pour the liquid through a strainer to remove the cooked vegetables. Discard the vegetables and skim clear the fat and oil from the top of the braising liquid. Put over mediumhigh heat and reduce by 14. When reduced, add the au jus mix, to taste. Stir thoroughly and place over medium heat.nThe first step of shredding your lamb is removing the three main bones while shredding, wear gloves and have a bowl of ice water to cool your hands as the meat will still be very hot. Next, remove all nonedible connective tissue and cartilage. As you begin shredding the meat you will be able to identify what is good meat and what isnt. After discarding the bad from the good, you are ready to shred the rest of the meat.nPlace 6 to7 ounces of shredded lamb per serving in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add a small ladle, or about 14 cup, of the stout reduction to the pan and cover. When the lamb comes back up to temperature, stir, then top with some shredded cheese and cover to melt.nToast your hoagie rolls to your liking and spread the teriyaki mayo on the rolls. Place the lamb on a hoagie. Cut in half and serve with the au jus and your favorite side., ingredients: [1 leg of lamb, 12 cup your favorite spice blend recommended:Squirrelly Beaver Season All, 2 cups chopped celery, 2 cups chopped white onion, 2 cups chopped carrots, 1 cup garlic cloves, 6 bottles dark stout beer, 1 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons teriyaki sauce, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 packet au jus mix or beef bouillon, Small block Cheddar, grated, 6 to 8 hoagie rolls], title: Stout Braised Lamb Dip, picturelink: KMwyYOOy9U1iVefTaB9ZHPKRiXi6l6}, 20933: {instructions: Place tenderloin in a nonreactive container. Whisk together olive oil, garlic, shallots, rosemary and vinegar. Pour marinade over tenderloin and place in refrigerator for 8 hours.nPeel and roughly chop the beets. Place in sauce pot with bay leaf, chicken stock, and salt. Simmer until beets are tender. Place mixture in blender and puree until smooth. With machine running, crumble in the blue cheese. Remove beet sauce from blender and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until needed.nHeat grill. Grill tenderloin until medium rare, about 20 minutes total, turning the tenderloin to cook evenly. Let tenderloin rest for 10 minutes before slicing into 12 4ounce pieces. Drizzle beef with beet sauce and garnish with arugula and serve., ingredients: [1 3 pound beef tenderloin, cleaned, 4 ounces olive oil, 4 cloves minced garlic, 2 chopped shallots, 2 tablespoons chopped rosemary, 4 ounces balsamic vinegar, 2 fresh bay leaves, 2 large golden beets, 1 cup chicken stock, 4 ounces Maytag blue cheese, Salt and pepper, to taste, Arugula, cleaned and destemmed, for garnish], title: Grilled Beef Tenderloin with Golden Beet and Blue Cheese Puree, picturelink: null}, 20934: {instructions: Preheat the grill to medium. Heat the oil and butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and slowly cook until caramelized, about 45 minutes. Then stir in the balsamic vinegar and thyme. Let cool slightly before using in quesadilla.nPlace 6 quesadillas on a flat surface and divide the cheese and onions among the tortillas. Season filling with salt and pepper. Stack the tortillas to make 3 2layer tortillas, and top with the remaining tortillas. Brush the tops with oil and grill, oiledside down, until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the quesadillas, close the cover, and grill until the cheese has melted, about 5 minutes. Slice into quarters, and place 3 quarters on each of 4 plates. Top with a dollop of the apple chutney and a sprig of fresh thyme.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, ginger, garlic, and jalapeno, and cook until soft. Add half of the apples, the apple juice and vinegar, and cook until the apples are soft. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining apples and the thyme. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a bowl and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving so that flavors meld., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 sweet onions, peeled, halved and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 9 6inch flour tortillas, or 9 12inch flour tortillas, cut to 6inch size, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound Camembert, thinly sliced, Canola oil, Apple Chutney, recipe follows, Fresh thyme sprigs, for garnish, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 jalapeno chile, finely diced, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and diced, 12 cup apple juice, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: CamembertCaramelized Onion Quesadilla with Apple Chutney, picturelink: 04fjkhtOXrvdOwmb4CE4hnUfQi66YWC}, 20935: {instructions: For the rainbow sesame slaw: Combine the jicama, bell peppers, snow peas, rice wine vinegar, sesame oil, sesame seeds, soy sauce and sugar in a medium mixing bowl, tossing to combine. Set aside.nFor the Sriracha lime mayo: Combine the mayonnaise, Sriracha, lime zest and juice in a small bowl. Set aside.nFor the burger patties: Combine the chicken, scallions, soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil, lemongrass and garlic, gently mixing to incorporate. Divide the mixture into 6 patties and set aside. Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat, and brush with the vegetable oil. Place the patties on the grill and cook, turning once until done, 6 to 8 minutes per side. During the last few minutes of cooking, baste each burger with 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce.nTo assemble, spread about 1 tablespoon of the Sriracha lime mayo on each bun bottom and top. Place the patties on the bun bottoms, top with about 13 cup of the slaw, add the bun top and enjoy These burgers are great served with sweet potato fries or sweet potato chips., ingredients: [23 cup julienned jicama, 23 cup julienned bell peppers red, orange, yellow or any combination, 23 cup snow peas, strings removed and julienned, 1 12 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 cup mayo, Zest and juice of 1 lime, 2 tablespoons Sriracha, 2 pounds ground chicken, 13 cup scallions, sliced on the bias, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon minced lemongrass, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 6 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 6 goodquality hamburger buns with sesame seeds, Sweet potato fries or sweet potato chips, for serving, optional], title: Chinese Chicken Burgers with Rainbow Sesame Slaw, picturelink: IX6.sNrBMb8IFpcfVrosYc9lNP83Zti}, 20936: {instructions: Trim the skinny tops and dark green leaves from the celery and discard or save them for soup. Save a handful of tender, light green leaves from the heart. Slice the ribs about 18inch thick on an angle. Put the celery pieces and light green leaves in a large nonreactive bowl.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the vinegar, 1 cup water, the sugar, salt, ginger and chile to a boil, stirring once or twice. Pour over the celery. Transfer to a mason jar or any sealable container, using a spoon or fork to press the celery into the liquid. Cover and refrigerate its okay if the mixture is still slightly warm at least overnight before eating the pickles will keep, refrigerated, for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 bunch celery, including the heart, 1 cup distilled white vinegar, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and cut into matchsticks, 1 small red fresno chile, thinly sliced], title: Pickled Celery Relish, picturelink: cdB8N03wM1Zjb36AfUdiSWhdCLNCqky}, 20937: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nIn a large bowl, combine the sliced plums, 13 cup of the granulated sugar, 14 cup of the flour, and the orange juice and toss well. Add the raspberries and toss lightly. Pour into a 9 by 12 by 2inch baking dish.nFor the topping, place the remaining 1 cup of flour, the remaining 13 cup of granulated sugar, the brown sugar, and the salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse a few times to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the butter is the size of peas. Pour the mixture into a bowl, add the oats, and work it with your hands until its in large crumbles. Add 12 cup of the almonds and mix well.nSpread the topping evenly over the plums, making sure the fruit is covered. Sprinkle with some extra almonds. Bake for 40 minutes, or until the fruit is tender and bubbly and the topping is golden brown. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds red plums, cut in 12, pitted, and cut in 1inch wedges, 23 cup granulated sugar, divided, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, divided, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 12 pint fresh raspberries, 13 cup light brown sugar, packed, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, diced, 12 cup quickcooking oats, 12 cup sliced almonds, plus extra for sprinkling], title: Plum Raspberry Crumble, picturelink: null}, 20938: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large saucepan set over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until softened and translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the spinach and stir until the spinach wilts, about 2 minutes. Slowly stir in the cheese, nutmeg and some salt and white pepper, and then stir in the cream. Cook for 1 minute. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, minced, One 11ounce package fresh baby spinach, 14 cup shredded gruyere, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 13 cup heavy cream], title: Easy Creamed Spinach, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 20939: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add cauliflower florets and cook until very crisp tender, about 1 minute. Drain in colander and rinse with cold water. Shake off excess liquid.nHeat the oil in a large skillet, over mediumhigh heat. Add the ham and the onions and cook until lightly brown, about 6 minutes. Add cauliflower and parsley and set aside to cool slightly.nBrush a 9inch glass or ceramic pie pan with the soft butter and evenly sprinkle the bottom of the pan with the grated parmesan Place pan on a baking sheet. Whisk the halfandhalf, eggs, egg yolks and flour in large glass measuring cup. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spread half the cauliflower mixture evenly in the pan, top with about half the cheese repeat with remaining filling and cheese. Pour the custard over the fillings.nBake until the quiche is just set in the center, about 40 to 50 minutes. Cool on a rack before serving., ingredients: [12 head cauliflower, cut into bitesize florets, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup chopped white onion, about 1 medium, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 4 ounces deli boiled ham, cut in 14inch cubes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan cheese, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces grated Gruyere or Swiss cheese, about 1 cup], title: Cauliflower and Ham Crustless Quiche, picturelink: 7EmYktFrhEmJLC982jFSPRwTAZn6zMO}, 20940: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high, then prepare for indirect grilling for a charcoal grill, bank the coals to one side of the grill for a gas grill, turn off half the burners. Let the steaks stand at room temperature, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, brush the grill grates with vegetable oil. Grill the tomato halves over direct heat until charred, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Let cool, then transfer to a mini food processor pulse until slightly chunky. Add the butter, horseradish, tomato paste, paprika, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Process until smooth, scraping down the food processor occasionally. Transfer the tomato butter to a bowl and refrigerate until ready to use.nSeason the steaks with salt and pepper. Place on the cooler side of the grill. Cover and cook until a thermometer inserted sideways into the center registers 110 degrees F, about 8 minutes per side. Move the steaks to direct heat and cook, uncovered, until charred and the thermometer registers 125 degrees F for rare to medium rare, about 2 more minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board or baking sheet spread the tomato butter on the steaks and let rest 10 minutes before slicing.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 Tbone or porterhouse steaks, 1 12 inches thick 2 to 214 pounds each, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 1 small plum tomato, halved lengthwise, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon horseradish, drained, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 small clove garlic, grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: TBone Steak with Charred TomatoHorseradish Butter, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 20941: {instructions: In a food processor grate the potatoes. Line a sieve with cheesecloth and transfer potatoes to the sieve. Set sieve over a bowl, twist cheesecloth into a pouch, squeezing out some moisture. Let mixture drain for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes, pour off liquid from the bowl but leave the white potato starch that settles in the bottom of the bowl.nTo that starch add shallots, eggs, flour, 112 teaspoons of salt and freshly ground pepper. Return drained potatoes to this mixture and toss to combine.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees. Line a baking pan with paper towels. When you are ready to eat, in a large skillet heat 14 inch of oil over medium high heat until hot. Drop heaping tablespoonfuls of potato mixture and cook for 3 to 4 minutes a side latkes should be golden and crisp on both sides. Eat right away or keep warm in oven., ingredients: [112 pounds russet potatoes peeled, 14 cup finely chopped shallots, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons flour or more or matzo meal, 1 tablespoon thyme, 1 12 teaspoons salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil for frying], title: Herbed Potato Latkes, picturelink: null}, 20942: {instructions: For the charred poblanos and sides: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the poblanos directly on top of the burner on high heat, turning with tongs until completely charred black, about 5 minutes. Place in a bowl and cover with a dish towel for 10 minutes. Rub off the skin with your hands or a paper towel, remove the seeds and cut into strips. Reserve. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add in the onions, sprinkle with salt and saute until caramelized, stirring often, 25 to 30 minutes. Reserve. Meanwhile, halve the fingerling potatoes and toss in a bowl with olive oil, half of the thyme, the rosemary and half of the garlic, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast on a baking sheet at until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Toss the grape tomatoes with olive oil, salt, the sugar, the remaining 2 sprigs thyme and half head garlic and drizzle with balsamic vinegar. Roast on a baking sheet until softened and beginning to char, 15 to 20 minutes. For the queso fundido: Increase the oven to 400 degrees F. Melt the butter in a saucepot over medium heat, and then stir in the flour and cook, 2 minutes. Add the milk and cook until thickened, whisking occasionally, 8 minutes. Turn off the heat, add the cheeses and combine well. The mixture will be doughlike it wont get oozy until it gets in the oven. Transfer the mixture to a 10inch castiron skillet or shallow baking dish, and spread evenly. Bake 6 minutes, stir and bake another 6 minutes, then stir again. Put under the broiler until the cheese is browned in spots. Serve immediately with the dipping sides of the roasted poblanos, caramelized onions, roasted fingerlings and tomatoes, gherkins, slices of baguette and dried sausage. Cooks Note: If you dont have a gas burner, you can char your poblanos under the broiler as well., ingredients: [2 poblano chiles, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 Spanish onion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 12 ounces fingerling potatoes, Freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for drizzling, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 head garlic, cloves smashed and peeled, 1 pound grape tomatoes, 1 tablespoon sugar, Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, 2 teaspoons butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 8 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, 8 ounces provolone, shredded, 4 ounces highquality aged cows milk cheese, such as Beechers Flagship Cheese, shredded, 4 ounces processed cheese, such as Velveeta, Sweet gherkins, for serving, Baguette, sliced, for serving, Sweet dried sopressata, sliced, for serving], title: Queso Fundido with Charred Poblanos and Sides, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 20943: {instructions: Spread the balsamic mayonnaise on the inside of top and bottom of focaccia. Place with mayonnaise sides facing up on a flat top grill at 350 degrees F. Drape 2 slices of cheese over top and 2 slices over bottom of roll so as to cover the entire surface area. Place dome over focaccia to facilitate melting and even heat. While cheese is melting, place turkey on grill to warm. Place bacon in an x over the turkey. Cover with avocado and remaining cheese. Once cheese is melted all around focaccia and turkey assemble the grilled cheese and close. Place finished sandwich in a panini grill until roll is crisp and has added squishiness EAT, ingredients: [2 tablespoons balsamic mayonnaise, 1 5inch round rosemary focaccia, 5 slices Monterey Jack cheese, 4 ounces ovenroasted turkey, sliced, 2 pieces applewood smoked bacon, cooked until crisp, 12 avocado, sliced into thin strips], title: The Calvert Stinks Favorite, picturelink: 1eF0usox437bic57JtdLdVBCddG6o2}, 20944: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.nIn a large skillet, cook the bacon over medium heat until crispy, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. When cool enough to handle, chop the bacon into small pieces. Set aside.nMeanwhile, pour off most of the bacon fat from the hot skillet and add the butter. Add the sugar, fivespice powder, cayenne and salt and stir until the sugar dissolves and everything is combined. Add the almonds and stir to coat.nSpread the nuts on the prepared baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Stir in the bacon and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [8 strips bacon, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 4 teaspoons fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 cups raw almonds], title: Sweet Spicy Smokey Roasted Almonds, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 20945: {instructions: Toast pickling spice and crushed red pepper in a dry medium saucepan over high heat until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add water, vinegar, sugar, and salt and bring to a simmer, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add peaches and simmer just until tender, about 20 minutes. Remove peaches from liquid with a slotted spoon, reserving liquid, and set aside just until fruit is cool enough to touch.nPinch the skin from peachesif the skin pulls off easilyand discard. If the skins cling, dont fretthe peaches will be beautiful and tasty that way as well. Transfer peaches to a sealed container, cover with the reserved liquid, and refrigerate for at least 24 hours. The peaches will keep for 1 week tightly sealed in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 tablespoon pickling spice, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 5 cups water, 2 12 cups white wine vinegar, 2 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 6 firm but ripe peaches, quartered and pitted, with skins about 2 14 pounds], title: Pickled Peaches, picturelink: null}, 20946: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nMix all of the ingredients together in a large bowl. Pour the mixture into a greased iron skillet and cook for 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 cups selfrising cornmeal, 12 cup canola oil, 1 8ounce container sour cream, 1 8 12ounce can creamed corn, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 egg, 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped], title: Dallas Mexican Cornbread, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 20947: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 ovensafe demitasse espresso cups, pastry brushnPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the chicken broth. Add frozen vegetables and chicken breasts and simmer for 15 minutes on medium heat. Add soup and herb seasoning blend and cook for another 5 minutes. Set aside.nArrange 12 espresso cups on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Leave about 2 inches of space between cups. Fill each cup with 1 heaping tablespoon chicken vegetable mixture.nGently brush melted butter over each sheet of phyllo dough and cut each into 3inch squares. Top each cup with 5 phyllo squares and fold ends towards sides of cup. Repeat process. Bake chicken pot pies for 25 minutes or until phyllo turns golden brown and sheets puff up. Serve warm.nTo reheat:nReturn cups to a sheet pan and loosely cover with parchment paper or foil. Reheat at 300 degrees F for 10 minutes., ingredients: [13 cup chicken broth, 8 ounces frozen mixed vegetables corn, peas, carrots, 2 10ounce cans chicken breast, drained, 12 can cream of celery soup, 1 tablespoon garlic herb seasoning blend, 14 cup butter, melted, 5 sheets phyllo dough, Pepper], title: Mini Chicken Pot Pies, picturelink: null}, 20948: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler on high.nHeat a castiron skillet over medium heat. Melt the butter in the skillet, add the nuts and toast until fragrant. Remove from the heat and sprinkle the chocolate chips evenly over the nuts. Spread the marshmallows over the chocolate chips. Place the skillet under the broiler until browned on top.nServe in the skillet and use graham cracker squares for dipping., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup walnuts, roughly chopped, One 12ounce bag mini chocolate chips, 3 cups mini marshmallows, Graham crackers, broken into squares, for dipping], title: SMauros: Skillet SMores, picturelink: zUZBBA4o2e0RvvOgmxmyz4vWJB56FmK}, 20949: {instructions: For the Mo J.: Mash together the garlic, chiles, cumin and 12 teaspoon salt with a mortar and pestle until fairly smooth. Scrape into a bowl and set aside a moment. Heat the olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until fairly hot and pour it over the garlic mixture. Mix and allow to stand 10 minutes. Whisk in the orange juice and sherry vinegar. Season with salt and pepper to taste and set aside until ready to use.nFor the hearts of palm slaw: Mix together the hearts of palm, jicama, red and yellow bell peppers, Scotch bonnet chile, onion and scallions in a large bowl and set aside.nMix together the olive oil, orange juice, coriander, sugar, pepper and salt to taste in a bowl and pour over the vegetables.nFor the Scotch bonnet tartar salsa: Put the egg yolks in a blender and beat until pale. Alternatively work by hand. With the blender running, add the vinegar and pickle brine. Slowly add the olive oil and canola oil and blend until completely incorporated.nIf using a blender, remove the mixture to a bowl so the vegetables donu00bft get overly processed. Add the sweet butter pickles, red onion and chiles. Stir in the hardcooked egg. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate.nFor the stuffed shrimp: Place the panko, flour and egg wash in separate shallow bowls. Pat the shrimp dry of any excess water. Combine the mashed yuca with the chile, garlic and salt and pepper to taste. Stuff the cavity butterfly cut of each shrimp with about 34 tablespoon of the yuca mash, packing it firmly into place. Dust the shrimp first in the flour, then dip in the egg wash and then the panko. Set aside.nHeat the peanut oil in a large heavy deep skillet or French fryer to 350 degrees F. When the oil is hot, lay the shrimp in it and cook until golden and cooked through. Remove the shrimp to a plate with absorbent toweling. Spoon a small dollop of the Scotch Bonnet Tartar Salsa to go under each shrimp on to the plates. Lift some of the Hearts of Palm Slaw onto the center of the plates. Spoon or ladle some of the Mo J. directly onto each shrimp. Serve., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, minced, 1 to 2 Scotch bonnet chiles, stem and seeds discarded, minced, 2 teaspoons whole cumin seeds, freshly toasted, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup olive oil, 13 cup sour orange juice, 2 teaspoons Spanish sherry vinegar, 1 12 cups peeled and very thinly sliced fresh hearts of palm, 14 cup peeled and julienned jicama, 14 red bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, julienned, 14 yellow bell pepper, stem and seeds discarded, julienned, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stem and seeds discarded, minced, 12 small red onion, julienned, 3 scallions, trimmed and finely chopped, 12 cup virgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon freshly toasted and ground coriander, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt, to taste, 3 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar, 3 tablespoons storebought sweet butter pickles, diced small, plus 1 teaspoon brine, 12 cup virgin olive oil, 12 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons diced red onion, 1 12 tablespoons minced Scotch bonnet chiles stem and seeds discarded, 1 hardcooked egg, yolk sieved and white chopped small, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 1 cup seasoned flour, 1 egg, beaten with 3 tablespoons water, 12 very large fresh shrimp 16 to 20 count, tail left on, peeled, deveined and butterflied 1 cup cooked and mashed yuca, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, stem and seeds discarded, minced, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly toasted and cracked black pepper, to taste, Peanut oil, for frying], title: YucaStuffed Crispy Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 20950: {instructions: Combine the cucumbers, chiles, and mint in a mixing bowl. Pour in the vinegar, sprinkle with the sugar, salt, and pepper. Toss everything together so the cucumbers are well coated with the vinegar. Refrigerate overnight if possible the cucumbers will soften as they marinate and the flavors will deepen., ingredients: [2 hot house cucumbers, thinly sliced, 2 fresh hot red chiles, thinly sliced, 2 large handfuls fresh mint leaves, 2 cups rice vinegar, 4 teaspoons sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Chile Cucumber Pickles, picturelink: vJKuEDuOhIO1QPfruV7UG55KgM1kkUO}, 20951: {instructions: For the aioli:nIn a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, lime juice, and fivespice powder. Refrigerate the aioli until ready to use.nFor the relish:nIn a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, toast the coriander seeds until fragrant. Drizzle in the vegetable oil, add the red onion and cook, stirring frequently, until translucent. Stir in the chile and white wine vinegar, and then sprinkle over the sugar, stirring until it dissolves.nAdd the cucumber to the pan, and cook for 5 to 7 minutes over medium heat, and reduce slightly, achieving a light glaze consistency. Season the relish with salt, and let the mixture cool.nJust before serving the relish, stir in the mint, and season with salt, to taste.nFor the burgers:nPut the ground lamb, shallot, fresh ginger, garlic, egg yolk, and fivespice powder in a bowl, and mix well. Season the mixture with salt, and black pepper. Divide and shape the lamb mixture into 4 8ounce burger patties. Place the patties in the refrigerator for 1 hour, to allow the flavors to infuse.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh and lightly oil the grate. Grill the lamb patties until they are seared on both sides, and cooked through. Remove the patties from the grill, and set aside. Place the buns on the grill, cutside down, and toast until golden.nPut the lamb patties on the toasted buns, slathered with the FiveSpice Aioli, Pickled Cucumber Relish, and sliced tomato., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, Juice of 1 lime, 2 teaspoons fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 red onion, small diced, 1 red finger chile, seeded and diced, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 English cucumber, seeded and diced, Kosher salt, 12 bunch fresh mint, stemmed and coarsely chopped, 2 pounds ground lamb, 1 shallot, minced, 12 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon five spice powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 buns, for service, 1 ripe tomato, sliced], title: Five Spice Lamb Burgers with Pickled Cucumber Relish and Five Spice Aioli, picturelink: null}, 20952: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large, heavy skillet over medium heat, add the oil and lightly brown the ground beef and sausage. Be sure to keep the meat chunky, not finely separated, while cooking. Add the pepperoni, tomatoes, tomato paste, oregano, salt, pepper, garlic, onion and 2 cups water. Bring to a simmer and simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a pot of water to a boil. Cook the lasagna noodles according to the package directions and drain.nIn the bottom of a 9by13by2inch baking pan, spread a layer of the prepared sauce. Top with a layer of the lasagna noodles and the ricotta, mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses. Repeat, ending with the sauce, noodles and cheeses.nBake until lightly browned and bubbling, about 40 minutes. Allow the dish to stand for 15 minutes before serving. Cut the lasagna into 3inch squares and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound lean ground beef chuck, 1 pound sageflavored sausage, in bulk or removed from casing, 1 pound sliced pepperoni, One 16ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, One 12ounce can tomato paste, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 16 ounces lasagna noodles, 16 ounces ricotta cheese, 16 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded, 1 cup grated Parmesan], title: Cowboy Lasagna, picturelink: NFHQDv.G.dwkZgbVGqRsoHIy6194CK}, 20953: {instructions: Special equipment: muddlernAdd sugar, mint leaves and a touch of soda to a highball glass. Using a muddler, crush the mint leaves and blend the mixture. Add the juices, lime pulp and fill with ice. Add rum and top the glass with soda.nServing suggestion: Garnish with a mint leaf and a straw. Encourage guests to stir their drinks with their straws to capture all the sweetness at the bottom of the glass., ingredients: [1 teaspoon sugar, 2 to 3 fresh mint leaves, Soda, 2 ounces fresh lemon juice, 2 ounces fresh lime juice, Pulp from 12 lime, 1ounce rum], title: The Mojito, picturelink: null}, 20954: {instructions: Form the meat into 36 golf ballsize balls. Pulse the onion in a food processor until finely chopped.nHeat a castiron skillet over high heat. Working in batches, add the meatballs to the skillet and smash them very flat with a spatula. Season with salt and pepper, then sprinkle the onion over the patties. Cook 1 minute, then flip and smash the burgers with the spatula again. Cook 1 more minute for well done place both halves of the buns on top of the patties to steam for the last few seconds of cooking.nServe the burgers on the buns top with pickles, ketchup and mustard.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [2 14 pounds 90 lean ground beef such as sirloin, 1 large onion, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 36 slider buns, split, Dill pickle slices, ketchup and mustard, for topping], title: Smashed Sliders, picturelink: PSK1LUqdfR.43q.7mnri4xxV3bNinYq}, 20955: {instructions: Toss carrots and apples with lemon juice and 1 teaspoon salt, let sit 12 hour, then squeeze with hands and discard any excess liquid. Combine with remaining ingredients and mix well. Allow to sit refrigerated for several hours before serving., ingredients: [2 cups grated carrots, 2 cups grated apples, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 rice wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoon chopped fresh red chilies, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 14 cup chopped cilantro], title: South African Sambal, picturelink: PRO7iEuMGe8KL4lmV49cxIPBA.Dtfq}, 20956: {instructions: Cook 2 minced garlic cloves in a saucepan with olive oil, 1 minute. Stir in 12 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons each rice vinegar and dry sherry, 1 tablespoon each soy sauce and ketchup and 13 cup water. Simmer until thick, stirring, 20 minutes. Let cool, then add 12 teaspoon sesame oil and 1 chopped scallion.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Hoisin BBQ Sauce, picturelink: vSUJFeb2j8FAJRySPJFPUCYXhtRiMy}, 20957: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F and coat a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Place the popcorn, pretzels and cashews in a large brown paper bag and shake to combine set aside.nMicrowave the butter in a large microwavesafe bowl until melted, about 1 minute. Stir in the brown sugar and corn syrup and microwave until the mixture begins to boil, about 2 minutes. Carefully stir, then microwave 2 more minutes.nAdd the baking soda to the sugar mixture and stir until it begins to foam. Carefully pour over the popcorn mixture in the bag. Fold over the top of the bag and shake to coat the popcorn. Microwave in the bag, 1 12 more minutes.nPour the popcorn mixture onto the prepared baking sheet and bake 1 hour, stirring every 15 minutes. Let cool completely before serving.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 10 cups popcorn, 1 cup mini pretzels, 1 cup salted cashews, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon baking soda], title: Pops Great Caramel Corn, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 20958: {instructions: Position racks in the middle and lower third of the oven preheat to 200 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Combine the pomegranate molasses and food coloring in a small bowl.nBeat the egg whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until foamy. Increase the mixer speed to medium high and beat until thick and opaque, about 1 more minute. Gradually add the sugar and beat until stiff shiny peaks form, about 3 more minutes.nDrizzle or brush the pomegranate mixture in a thick line along the inside of a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip. Carefully fill the bag with the meringue. Pipe about 12 swirls of meringue on each baking sheet. The meringue may be slightly pink at the end of the bag. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the meringues are crisp and dry, about 3 hours. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons pomegranate molasses, 2 to 3 drops red gel food coloring, 3 large egg whites, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 23 cup superfine sugar], title: Pomegranate Meringue Swirls, picturelink: mqXybd3nspMn6ynfdGJtm3s4nfK9T2}, 20959: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the linguine and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, about 10 minutes.nMake the saffron sauce. In a heavy saucepan combine shallots and white wine. Reduce to 2 tablespoons and then add saffron threads and 1 to 2 tablespoons of cream. Place pan over high heat and whisk in butter a piece at a time, adding the next piece before the last one has completely melted, stirring constantly. Do not allow mixture to boil. Add fresh lemon juice and salt and white pepper to taste.nPlace scallops in a steamer over simmering water and steam for 2 to 3 minutes. Then add snow peas and steam 1 minute more. Transfer linguine to a plate, top with scallops and snow peas and top with sauce., ingredients: [12 pound sea scallops, 12 pound squid ink linguine, 12 pound snow peas, 12 cup finely minced shallots, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 to 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 to 2 sticks cold butter, cut into pieces, 1 pinch saffron threads, Fresh lemon juice, Salt and white pepper to taste], title: Linguine with Scallops and Snow Peas in a Saffron Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20960: {instructions: In a large frying pan with a lid, heat the oil over medium heat until it shimmers and slides across the pan. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes.nSlice the chicken breasts thinly and add to the pan with the onions. Add the garlic, 12 cup of the hot sauce and 1 cup water. Bring to a simmer, then cover the pan and reduce the heat to low. Cook until the chicken is falling apart and the sauce has reduced to almost dry, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nCombine the sour cream, mayonnaise, Cheddar and 14 cup of the blue cheese crumbles in a bowl and stir until well combined. Transfer the dip to a serving bowl. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons hot sauce, and top with the green onions and the remaining 14 cup blue cheese crumbles.nServe immediately, with the chicken, celery, carrots, chips and other crudites., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Franks RedHot, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup olive oil mayonnaise, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 12 cup blue cheese crumbles, 3 green onions, sliced thin, 4 stalks celery, cut into sticks, 3 carrots, peeled and cut into sticks, Serving suggestions: chips and assorted crudites], title: Buffalo Chicken Dip, picturelink: gYJq3s7zLPrcjm5tUoQr4c1iptCYqqK}, 20961: {instructions: Make tart dough: Put in the work bowl of a food processor, the flour, butter, salt and sugar. Pulse quickly until the butter is the size of peas. Add very cold, ice water in a small stream until the dough just comes together. Empty the work bowl out onto waxed paper and halve the dough. Using the ends of the paper, shape into 2 balls. Wrap in plastic wrap and place in refrigerator until ready for use.nMake caramelized onion: In a skillet heat the olive oil until hot and cook the onions, stirring constantly, until golden. Remove from heat and let cool, set aside.nTo assemble tartlettes: Take 8 small pie tins, brush with butter and liberally sprinkle with corn meal. Cut dough into 8 equal pieces and put 7 back in the refrigerator must be kept cold roll out the dough into a 4inch circle, it should be quite thick, you dont want it too thin or the tomatoes will bleed through bottom. Place disk in pie tin and repeat until all 8 are done. Place dough in tins on baking sheets.nPreheat oven on to 375 degrees F.nBrush bottoms of dough shell with 1 teaspoon of mustard. In the following order place into each shell: 2 tablespoons of shredded cheddar cheese, 1 tablespoon caramelized onion, 4 slices of tomato, salt and pepper, and 1 teaspoon of olive oil.nFold in the tops of the flaps of extra dough around the tomatoes, brush dough with egg whites. Bake for 30 to 45 minutes. Right before serving, garnish top with basil. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks butter, very cold, cut into small pieces, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup ice water, or as needed, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Butter, for brushing pie tin, Finely ground cornmeal, for sprinkling on pie tins, 8 medium sized round tomatoes, 2 tablespoons, plus 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard 1 teaspoon per tartlet, 1 cup shredded cheddar 2 tablespoons per tartlet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons, plus 2 teaspoons olive oil 1 teaspoon per tartlet, 1 large egg white, for egg wash, Basil, sliced thinly, for garnish, Special equipment: 8 3inch aluminum pie tins], title: Tomato Tarts, picturelink: nA7V5iQqaFcIEQQ0MKqVdUioieXjPu}, 20962: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400degrees Fahrenheit. Place salmon pieces on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Season with salt and pepper roast for 10 minutes.nIn a small bowl, combine mustard, maple syrup, garlic and lemon juice. After the 10 minutes of cooking, brush salmon with mixture and return to the oven for 5 minutes or until salmon is just cooked through., ingredients: [1 14 pound wild salmon, skin removed, cut into 4 pieces, 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 2 tablespoons 100 pure maple syrup, 1 clove garlic, minced, Juice of 12 a lemon], title: Mustard Roasted Salmon, picturelink: gyzhitWoxpmX6jBS6gg.tgx2n67xPo2}, 20963: {instructions: Place a large pot of water over high heat and bring up it up to a boil to cook the pasta, season with some salt and cook to al dente, according to package directions. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the cooking water.nHeat 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil in medium nonstick skillet. Add artichokes to heat through and lightly brown at edges.nTo clean spinach, fill sink with water, swish spinach around and let grit fall to bottom of sink. Dry leaves before using.nIn the bowl of a food processor add the shallot, 12 cup chicken stock, spinach leaves, mint, almonds and salt and pepper, to taste. If you have a hand held smallholed grater or a zester, grate garlic into the food processor. Adding a whole clove can result in stray big pieces of raw garlic, too bitter to bite down on. If you do not have a hand held grater, mince garlic and mash up into paste with a little salt. Turn processor on and add in about 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil.nScrape the spinach pesto into the artichoke pan and loosely cover with foil. Bring mixture to a simmer over low to mediumlow heat and cook for about 2 minutes. Add the reserved pasta cooking water, the pasta and the cheese. Toss to coat the pasta with the sauce and heat for 1 minute. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound wholewheat penne pasta, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 15ounce can or 1 10ounce box frozen artichoke hearts, defrosted, drained and quartered, 1 small bundle farm fresh spinach, stems trimmed, 1 shallot, peeled and coarsely chopped, 12 cup chicken or vegetable stock, just eyeball the amount, A handful fresh mint leaves, A handful lightly toasted slivered almonds, Kosher salt or freshly ground sea salt and black pepper, 1 large clove garlic  peeled, A handful grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese], title: Spinach Artichoke WholeWheat Penne, picturelink: null}, 20964: {instructions: Pour the Riesling into a medium saucepan and whisk in the sugar until it dissolves.nPeel the pears, leaving stem intact, if present. Remove bottom stem end with a small melon baller, and continue to scoop up into the pear to remove the core. Place the pears right in the Riesling mixture poaching liquid after they are peeled and cored to prevent them from discoloring. The acidity of the wine keeps them from browning. Add just enough water to cover the pears.nTo keep the pears submerged in the poaching liquid, cut a circle of parchment paper the size of the pan and lay on the surface of the liquid. Place a small plate on top of the paper to make sure the pears are completely submerged. Cook the pears over mediumhigh heat, just until the liquid comes to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and poach the pears until they are just soft. The pears should be tender enough to pierce with a knife. This takes about 20 to 25 minutes for ripe medium pears, but this can vary depending on the size, variety and ripeness of the pear.nRemove the pan from the heat and cool the fruit completely in the poaching liquid. Refrigerate the fruit in the liquid in a sealed container until ready to serve. The fruit will hold for 4 to 5 days, the longer the fruit is stored in the poaching liquid, the fuller the flavor.nPour about half of the poaching liquid into a skillet and bring to a boil over high heat. Continue to cook and reduce until the liquid gets syrupy and about the consistency of honey.nMeanwhile, whip the cream together with the sugar and cardamom until cream just holds soft peaks. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nTo serve, place a pear in a bowl or on a plate. Drizzle with reduced Riesling syrup and garnish with a dollop of whipped cream., ingredients: [1 750 ml bottle Riesling, preferably Spatlese, 2 cups sugar, 4 ripe pears, such as Bartlett, Bosc, DAnjou, Fiselle or Seckel, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoons superfine sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom], title: Riesling Poached Pears with Cardamom Cream, picturelink: 6qqSzxq2dFJON3giCiIHY6a4bI6Odr2}, 20965: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a blender and puree. Strain mixture through a fine strainer. Reserve., ingredients: [1 cup pure olive oil, 2 ounces dried New Mexico peppers, 1 ounce dried arbol chile powder, 2 tablespoons ancho powder], title: Chile Oil, picturelink: null}, 20966: {instructions: Rub the garlic cloves over the meat and the bone of the steaks. Sprinkle the steaks with salt and pepper. Place in the refrigerator and allow seasoning to permeate the meat, for about 1 hour. Remove from the refrigerator at least 20 minutes before grilling, allowing the meat to come to room temperature.nPlace a grill pan over high heat or prepare the barbecue mediumhigh heat. Grill the steaks until cooked to desired doneness, turning once, about 5 minutes per side for rare, 7 minutes per side for mediumrare. The key to getting those great grill marks is to place the steak down and not move them. After you flip them, do not shift the steaks.nAllow the steaks to rest for at least 10 minutes before slicing, otherwise all the juices will be run all over your cutting board. Run your knife along the bone and carve the meat off the bone. Slice the meat into 1inch slices. Transfer the slices to a platter. Squeeze the lemon over the steaks. Drizzle with the oil and serve immediately with Grilled Vegetables.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or prepare the barbecue mediumhigh heat. Brush the vegetables with 14 cup of the oil to coat lightly. Sprinkle the vegetables with salt and pepper. Working in batches, grill the vegetables until tender and lightly charred all over, about 8 to 10 minutes for the bell peppers 7 minutes for the yellow squash, zucchini, eggplant, and mushrooms 4 minutes for the asparagus and green onions. Arrange the vegetables on a platter. The key to getting those great grill marks is to not shift the vegetables too frequently once theyve been placed on the hot grill.nMeanwhile, whisk the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil, balsamic vinegar, garlic, parsley, basil, and rosemary in a small bowl to blend. Add salt and pepper to taste. Drizzle the herb mixture over the vegetables. Serve the vegetables, warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 large garlic cloves, halved, 3 Tbone steaks each about 1 12 pounds, and 1 12 to 1 34inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, halved, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Grilled Vegetables, recipe follows, 3 red bell peppers, seeded and halved, 3 yellow squash about 1 pound total, sliced lengthwise into 12inchthick rectangles, 3 zucchini about 12 ounces total, sliced lengthwise into 12inchthick rectangles, 3 Japanese eggplant 12 ounces total, sliced lengthwise into 12inchthick rectangles, 12 cremini mushrooms, 1 bunch 1 pound asparagus, trimmed, 12 green onions, roots cut off, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves], title: Steak Florentine, picturelink: DqNded0yTs60Q4X88TlJnTfuuIiJsOK}, 20967: {instructions: Soak the baccala in cold water for 24 hours to rehydrate, changing the water 3 times to remove the salt. Drain and rinse under cold water and put into a large pot. Add the milk and enough water to cover by 1inch. Cook uncovered over medium heat for 45 minutes. Drain and set aside to cool. When fish is cool enough to handle, shred the fish into a bowl, taking care to get all the bones out. Add onion, parsley, and tomatoes. In a separate bowl, whisk together olive oil, vinegar, lime juice, and salt and pepper. Add the dressing to the cod salad, toss and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds dried salted boneless cod known as baccala, 2 cups whole milk, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 limes, juiced, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Salted Cod Ceviche, picturelink: 6nAnZSsZeSF1mDnARVcRRUxpTHQkC}, 20968: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the pork loin with salt and pepper.nIn a small bowl, mix the vinegar, mustard and herbs together. Reserve mustard sauce for pork.nIn a large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat, warm the vegetable oil. Sear pork loin on all sides. Brush with mustard sauce and roast in the preheated oven until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest for 15 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound boneless pork loin, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 34 cup Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped chives, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped tarragon leaves, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Honey Dijon Mustard Pork Loin, picturelink: Mpna6TisiAYl5MQYx0vl53Mqzom3y7e}, 20969: {instructions: Fresh berries and whipped cream for serving optionalnCombine all ingredients in a very large bowl or basin and toss until all is evenly moistened. Cover and refrigerate overnight, then serve with fresh berries and whipped cream, if desired, or with the garnish of your choice, ingredients: [2 cups oats, 12 cup shelled sunflower seeds, 2 cups milk, at room temperature, 2 cups grated Granny Smith apples about 4 medium apples, sprinkled with the juice of 12 lemon, Scant 14 cup honey, 14 cup coarsely chopped hazelnuts, Tiny pinch of salt, 14 cup raisins], title: Hanss Favorite Meusli, picturelink: null}, 20970: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients in a small mixing bowl. Mix well with a handheld electric mixer for about 3 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl, until completely combined. Store in a plastic container with a snapon lid in the refrigerator. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 6ounce jar cheese spread, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup butter, softened, 1 teaspoon garlic powder], title: AllPurpose Cheese Spread, picturelink: null}, 20971: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the broth and the pumpkin in a heavy medium saucepan and simmer over medium heat. Cover the pan and reduce the heat to low to keep the pumpkin broth warm.nCook the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat until brown and crisp. Transfer to a paper towel with a slotted spoon to drain.nMelt the butter in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add the leek and 1 teaspoon of the salt. Cook until almost tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Mix in the thyme. Add the rice and stir for 1 minute. Add the wine and simmer, stirring constantly, until completely absorbed, 1 to 2 minutes. Add 12 cup of the pumpkin broth and stir until almost completely absorbed, 1 to 2 minutes. Continue cooking the rice, adding the broth 12 cup at a time, stirring constantly and allowing each addition to absorb before adding the next. Cook until the rice is tender but still firm to the bite, and the mixture is creamy, 20 to 25 minutes, adding additional warm broth by 14 cupfuls if risotto is dry. Mix in the Parmesan, 1 tablespoon of the parsley, the remaining salt, pepper and nutmeg. Remove from the heat. Add more salt to taste.nDivide the risotto among 6 shallow bowls. Sprinkle each with the bacon, goat cheese and remaining parsley and serve., ingredients: [4 cups lowsodium organic chicken broth, plus extra for moistening, as needed, 1 cup canned pure pumpkin, 4 slices applewood smoked bacon, chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 leek white and pale green part, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 12 cups Arborio rice or mediumgrain white rice, 23 cup dry white wine, such as pinot grigio, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 13 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon generous freshly grated nutmeg, 1 12 cup coarsely crumbled soft fresh goat cheese about 6 ounces], title: Pumpkin and Goat Cheese Risotto, picturelink: 3mvLDvvcyz2P1HCKsQi6lFRFFJat7iy}, 20972: {instructions: Slice the mahi very thin, on the bias, into 16 equal pieces. Dip the mahi into flour, then dip into the egg, then dip the mahi into the bread crumbs. Set on a plate or tray and refrigerate.nRemove all the skin of the lemons with a sharp knife and section out the lemons. Squeeze the remaining pulp, to extract the juice, and reserve.nJust before starting to pan fry the mahi, place the butter and lemon juice in a small pan and melt over low to medium heat. When emulsified, mix in the reserved lemon sections, capers and parsley. Set aside and keep sauce warm.nHeat oil in a large pan until fairly hot, and saute fish in batches until nice and brown. Place on a plate in a warm oven until all are cooked.nWhile the fish is cooking, warm the wilted spinach in a dab of butter and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Plate a mound of spinach, and place two mahi fillets on top of spinach. Spoon the sauce around the bottom of the plate., ingredients: [4 pounds fresh mahi mahi fillet, not portioned, 2 cups allpurpose flour, seasoned with 1 tablespoon dried oregano, ground to powder, 8 eggs and 1 cup milk, beaten together, 1 quart panko Japanese bread crumbs, 4 Meyer lemons, 12 pound butter, 3 tablespoons capers, 12 bunch chopped parsley, washed, dried and chopped finely, Salt and pepper, 2 pounds well washed spinach, 2 cups vegetable oil], title: Mahi Cutlet with Meyer Lemons and Capers, picturelink: null}, 20973: {instructions: Put the fish in a shallow heatproof dish, such as a large baking pan. Season lightly with salt and pepper, inside and out. Disperse the scallions and ginger on top, underneath, and inside the fish. Combine the soy sauce, peanut oil, sesame oil, and sugar in a bowl. Pour the mixture over the fish.nSet a roasting rack in a large roasting pan. Fill the pan with water that comes up below the rack. Set the pan over 2 burners and bring the water to a boil. Set the baking dish with the fish on the rack, reduce the heat to a simmer, and cover the roasting pan tightly with foil. Steam the fish until a small knife or skewer can be easily inserted into the thickest part and the fillet comes off the bone fairly easily, 6 to 7 minutes.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 1pound whole sea bass, scaled, gutted, and scored with a sharp knife down to the bone, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 or 3 scallions, cut diagonally into rings to yield 14 cup, 1 tablespoon finely julienned ginger, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, Dash sesame oil, Pinch sugar], title: Steamed Sea Bass with Scallions and Ginger, picturelink: null}, 20974: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd all of the rub ingredients to a small bowl or container and mix well. To make this a special spicy rub, add 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper. Now you have a real rockin rub Heat a smoker to 225 degrees F. Generously rub the entire butt with 1 12 cups Johnnys AllPurpose Seasoning. Put it in a pan, cover and refrigerate overnight. Remove pork from the refrigerator, uncover and put it in the smoker for approximately 7 to 8 hours. Remove the pork from the smoker to a cutting board and pull pork apart while still hot. You are now ready to serve it your favorite way.nUse this on everything ., ingredients: [5 cups kosher salt, 2 14 cups paprika for color, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons celery powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 1 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 cup black pepper, 1 tablespoon powdered vegetable oil, 3 to 5 pounds pork butt, rinsed with cold water], title: Pulled Pork with Some Serious Bite, picturelink: bF664hevzQDRfYJ1dFxeadXGFCBTGW}, 20975: {instructions: Combine 6 chopped bacon slices, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 crushed garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon minced rosemary, 2 minced jalapenos and 14 cup water in a skillet over mediumhigh heat cook until the water evaporates and the bacon crisps, 12 minutes. Discard the garlic. Add 12 ounces cooked spaghetti to the skillet and toss. Whisk 3 eggs, 34 cup grated parmesan, 12 cup grated pecorino, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley and some pepper in a bowl whisk in 14 cup pastacooking water, then toss with the pasta until creamy.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Carbonara, picturelink: null}, 20976: {instructions: Halve cucumber crosswise and thinly julienne lengthwise, preferably with a mandoline or other manual slicer, working around core. Discard core.nStir together sour cream, horseradish, and salt and pepper, to taste.nDivide bread into 4 stacks and cut stacks into 1 12inch squares with a serrated knife, discarding crusts. Spoon 12 teaspoon sour cream onto center of each bread square, then top with a folded piece of salmon.nTop salmon with a small amount of cucumber, twirled into a mound.nCooks notes: Cucumber can be julienned 2 hours ahead and chilled, covered. Bread can be topped with cream and salmon 6 hours ahead and chilled, covered with dampened paper towels and plastic wrap. Top with cucumber just before serving., ingredients: [1 English cucumber, peeled, 6 tablespoons sour cream, 1 12 to 2 tablespoons drained bottled horseradish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 slices pumpernickel cocktail bread, 14 pound thinly sliced smoked salmon, cut into 1 12inch pieces], title: Smoked Salmon and Cucumber Squares, picturelink: null}, 20977: {instructions: In a large bowl blend the flour, butter, vegetable shortening, and salt until the mixture resembles meal. Add 2 tablespoons ice water, toss the mixture until the water is incorporated, adding more ice water if necessary to form a dough, and form the dough into a ball. Dust the dough with flour and chill it, wrapped in wax paper, for 1 hour., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 stick 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 to 4 tablespoons ice water], title: Pate Brisee, picturelink: null}, 20978: {instructions: Heat oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and add potatoes, onion, and half of salt. Cook over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are very tender but not colored, about 45 minutes. Drain vegetables in a large colander set over a bowl and cool 5 minutes. Lightly beat eggs in a large bowl. Gently stir in vegetables with 1 tablespoon oil, salt, and pepper to taste. Return 1 tablespoon oil to skillet and add mixture, pressing potatoes flush with eggs. Cook over low heat, covered, 12 to 15 minutes, or until almost set. Turn off heat and let stand, covered, 15 minutes. Shake skillet gently to make sure tortilla is set on bottom and not sticking to skillet. Invert tortilla onto a large flat plate and slide back into skillet, bottom side up. Alternatively, especially if top is still loose at this point, slide tortilla onto plate first. Cover it with skillet and invert tortilla back into skillet. Round edge with a rubber spatula and cook over low heat, covered, 15 minutes more, or until set. Slide tortilla onto a serving plate, slice and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups olive oil, 2 12 pounds boiling potatoes, peeled and cut into 13inch dice, 2 12 cups chopped onion, 1 tablespoon coarse salt, 10 large eggs], title: Tortilla Espanola Spanish Potato Omelette, picturelink: null}, 20979: {instructions: Soak ancho chile in 1 cup of hot water for 30 minutes.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh.nPlace ancho chile and soaking water, garlic, honey, and salt in a blender. Cover and puree until smooth.nPlace quail, breast side down, on preheated grill for 3 to 4 minutes or until skin is browned. Turn quail over and baste generously with pureed sauce. Cook for another 3 to 4 minutes.nPlace quail on a cooler part of grill until finished cooking. Turn quail and baste after 1 minute, then turn over and baste again. The quail is finished when its juices run clear., ingredients: [1 dried ancho chile, 1 cup hot water, 1 chopped garlic clove, 18 cup honey, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, About 12 semiboneless quail 1 or 2 per person], title: Ancho Chile Honey Basted Quail, picturelink: null}, 20980: {instructions: Soak the gelatin in the cold water for 3 minutes. Add the hot water and stir until the gelatin is dissolved. Add the juice and sugar and stir until the sugar is dissolved. Refrigerate until set, about 3 hours, or longer., ingredients: [1 envelope unflavored gelatin, 13 cup cold water, 1 13 cup hot water, 13 cup fresh lemon or lime juice, 4 tablespoons sugar or 6 packets lowcalorie sweetener], title: Lemonade Jello, picturelink: null}, 20981: {instructions: Mix 1 cup tomato juice, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, a dash of Worcestershire sauce, the juice of 3 limes, and 1 teaspoon adobo sauce from a can of chipotles or chipotle hot sauce. Divide among 6 glasses. Top each with a bottle of dark Mexican beer. Serve with lime slices.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Micheladas, picturelink: SiSQ7fmQEoRGknNNIOPWjAQJ1Erene}, 20982: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the angel hair according to the package instructions. When the pasta is nearly done, heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat and add the lemon zest, salt, and pepper and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Drain the pasta, reserving 14 cup cooking water, if needed. Remove the infused oil from the heat, add the pasta, and toss to coat, adding pasta cooking water, if needed. Grate just a hint of Parmesan on the pasta before serving., ingredients: [1 pound angel hair pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 lemon, zested, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Parmesan, for garnish], title: Tossed Angel Hair Pasta, picturelink: rGoqzoIXhjTytVlB1TJqECGAZ3Euw2}, 20983: {instructions: Make the filling: Heat a medium skillet over high heat until it begins to smoke lightly. Remove the pan from the heat, add the butter and toss in the pears and cranberries. Return to high heat and cook until the fruit is slightly tender, about 5 minutes. Add the sugar, cornstarch, corn syrup, cloves, lemon juice and orange zest. Mix to blend and cook over high heat until the syrup thickens, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and scoop into a bowl refrigerate until cool. Remove and discard the cloves.nMake the crust: Butter the bottom and side of a 9inch pie pan and refrigerate. In a large bowl, whisk the flour, sugar and salt. Work in the shortening and butter with your fingers until the mixture resembles small peas. Add up to 13 cup ice water, about 2 tablespoons at a time, mixing with your fingers until the dough comes together. Transfer the dough to a flat surface, roll it into a ball and cut in half. Shape each half into a smaller ball. Flatten the balls, wrap each in plastic and refrigerate at least 30 minutes.nTransfer the dough to a lightly floured surface. Using a rolling pin, roll out one half until it is at least 4 to 5 inches wider than the pie pan and 18 to 14 inch thick. Gently fit the dough into the pie pan, pressing it into the bottom and side. Trim, leaving a 1inch overhang put the pan in the refrigerator. Roll the second half of the dough 18 to 14 inch thick for the top of the pie. Put it on a baking sheet refrigerate both crusts about 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Assemble the pie: Pour the filling into the crust. Brush the edge with the beaten egg cover with the top crust. Pinch around the edge to seal the top and bottom crusts together, removing the excess dough with a paring knife. Use a paring knife to cut an X opening, 1 12 to 2 inches across, in the center of the crust fold back the dough. Put the pie on a rimmed baking sheet.nBake the pie, 10 minutes. Lower the temperature to 375 degrees F and continue baking until the crust is light golden brown, 30 more minutes. Let cool completely on a rack. Sprinkle with sugar.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 5 ripe but firm medium Anjou or Bosc pears, peeled and diced about 8 cups, 1 12 12ounce bags fresh cranberries, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 2 whole cloves, Juice of 1 lemon about 3 tablespoons, Grated zest of 1 orange about 2 teaspoons, For the crust:, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cubed, plus more for the pie pan, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling the dough, 1 teaspoon sugar, plus more for topping, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup cold shortening, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: SugarCranberry Pie, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 20984: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Lightly butter 18 ovensafe espresso cups and put them on a baking sheet.nPut 2 tablespoons of the instant espresso powder in a large mixing bowl and stir in 14 cup hot water. Stir until the espresso powder is dissolved. Reserve.nIn a large mixing bowl, use a hand mixer to beat together the butter and sugar at mediumhigh speed until pale and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the vanilla extract and egg and beat until well combined.nSift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a large mixing bowl.nIn the bowl that has the dissolved espresso, whisk in the buttermilk and 14 cup of the prepared hot fudge sauce. At low speed, add the flour mixture to the creamed butter mixture in three additions, alternating with the espresso mixture. Begin and end with the flour mixture and mix until just combined.nSpoon the batter into the prepared espresso cups, filling each about halfway full about 2 tablespoons per espresso cup. Bake until a cake tester inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Set the baking sheet onto a cooling rack and cool completely.nMeanwhile, place the heavy cream in a large mixing bowl and use a hand mixer to whip until it holds soft peaks. Refrigerate until ready to use.nDissolve the remaining 1 tablespoon instant espresso in a small mixing bowl with 2 tablespoons hot water. Whisk in the remaining 14 cup hot fudge sauce. Spread evenly onto the cooled cupcakes, about 1 teaspoon per cupcake. Cover the top of each cupcake with whipped cream and a light dusting of cocoa powder, and garnish with a whole chocolatecovered espresso bean., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for buttering, 3 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for garnish, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup wellshaken buttermilk, 12 cup prepared hot fudge sauce, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 18 chocolatecovered espresso beans, for garnish], title: Espresso Cupcakes, picturelink: RxtGDDWBtLgLwS8J1tLDhEhw7vZte}, 20985: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nPut the flour, baking powder, sugar, desiccated coconut and salt in a bowl and stir to combine. Put the egg yolks, milk and coconut milk into another bowl and whisk to combine. Add the milk mixture and butter to the dry ingredients and mix lightly with a metal spoon until just combined.nPlace the egg whites in a clean, dry stainless steel bowl and whisk until stiff peaks form. Using a large metal spoon, fold the egg whites through the batter in 2 batches.nHeat a large nonstick frying plan over a medium heat and brush a small portion of butter over the base. For each pancake, drop 3 tablespoons of batter into the pan. Avoid overcrowding the pan with pancakes. Cook for 2 minutes on 1 side, turn and cook for another minute. Transfer to a plate and keep warm in the oven while you make the remaining pancakes.nServe the pancakes in stacks of 3 with the banana and Passion Fruit Syrup.nCombine the sugar, passion fruit pulp and 12 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to a boil, skimming any scum from the surface. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, 34 cup desiccated coconut, Pinch salt, 4 eggs, separated, 1 cup milk, 1 cup coconut milk, 1 34 ounces unsalted butter, melted, Butter, for greasing the pan, 6 bananas, sliced in 12 lengthwise, Passion Fruit Syrup, recipe follows, 12 cup superfine sugar, 14 cup passion fruit pulp], title: Coconut Pancakes with Banana and Passion Fruit Syrup, picturelink: null}, 20986: {instructions: Season the duck legs with salt. Coat a large wide pot lightly with olive oil. Lay the duck legs skin side down, in a single layer, in the pan.nCook the duck legs low and slow over low heat to render the fat. This process will take a while, dont rush it. It is really important to render as much fat out of the duck legs as possible. Once the pan is full of fat, turn up the heat and brown the duck legs on both sides.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOnce the legs have rendered and are nice and brown, remove them from the pan and reserve. Add the onions and season with salt. Stir to coat with the duck fat. Cover and cook over medium heat for 15 to 20 minutes. Once the onions are really nice and wilted, remove the lid and cook for another 15 minutes or until the onions start to caramelize. Taste to make sure they are very well seasoned, add salt if needed. Return the duck legs to the pan, snuggle them in with all the onions and add the wine, thyme and bay leaves.nCover the pan and place in the preheated oven. Braise the duck in the oven for about 90 minutes. Stir the onion and duck every 30 minutes to be sure that the onions are not burning. When done, the duck should be incredibly flavorful, tender and falling off the bone.nRemove the tough lower stems from the dandelion greens, wash and spin them dry. Cut them into 1 inch lengths. Place the greens in a large bowl with red wine vinegar. Season with salt and some of the warm duck fat. Strain some the onions out of the duck fat and toss them in with the greens.nPlace a large mound of the dressed dandelion greens on each serving plate, lay a duck leg on the greens and top with a little more of the onions.nIts just ducky, ingredients: [4 very fatty large duck legs, Kosher salt, Olive oil, 4 large onions, sliced, 23 bottle white wine, 1 bundle thyme, 10 bay leaves, 1 bunch dandelion leaves, Red wine vinegar, to taste], title: Cheaters Duck Confit, picturelink: null}, 20987: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a smoker or grillnSift the brown sugar, granulated sugar, salt, chili powder, paprika, black pepper, cumin, garlic powder, onion powder and cayenne pepper into a medium bowl and mix well. Set aside.nTrim all the hard fat from the brisket. Trim all the soft fat to 14 inch. Prepare a smoker or a grill, following the manufacturers directions. Stabilize the temperature at 220 degrees F. Use a mild wood such as hickory or cherry for the smoke flavor. Generously cover all sides of the brisket with the rub and gently massage it in. Reserve the leftover rub. Smoke the meat until an instantread thermometer registers 170 to 185 degrees F when inserted into the flat part of the brisket, about 1 hour per pound. For example, a 10pound brisket may need to smoke for about 10 or more hours. Monitor the internal temperature.nSeparate the point of the meat from the flat. At this time you can slice the flat part off the brisket and eat. Trim the visible fat from the brisket point and coat it with the reserved rub. Return the meat to the smoker and continue cooking until the internal temperature of the brisket point reaches 200 degrees F. Remove the brisket from the smoker to a cutting board and let it sit for 10 to 20 minutes. Cut into chunks and transfer them to a serving platter. Serve it hot with your favorite sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup salt, 13 cup chili powder, 14 cup paprika, 6 tablespoons black pepper, 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 3 tablespoons garlic powder, 3 tablespoons onion powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, One 10 to 12pound whole, packer trim beef brisket], title: Kansas CityStyle Burnt Ends, picturelink: BOzwniAWDVUqb1bLv0hVtRh2.CaSkuO}, 20988: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Brush a baking dish with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season the tomatoes and onion rounds with salt and pepper and add to the dish, cutside up. Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil with the panko and sprinkle over the tomatoes and onion. Bake until tender and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.nWhisk the eggs, milk and herbs in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Heat a small nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 teaspoon butter, swirling to coat. When the foam subsides, add onequarter of the egg mixture. Cook 10 seconds, then move a rubber spatula around the edge of the pan until the mixture is just set, about 1 minute. Scatter onequarter of the cheese down the center, then fold the omelet in half. Cook about 30 more seconds, or to desired doneness. Transfer to a plate. Repeat to make 3 more omelets. Serve with the roasted tomatoes and onions.nPer serving: Calories 507 Fat 35 g Saturated 13 g Cholesterol 579 mg Sodium 310 mg Carbohydrate 19 g Fiber 2 g Protein 27g, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 plum tomatoes, trimmed and halved crosswise, 1 small white onion, sliced into 4 rounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs or plain breadcrumbs, 10 large eggs, 2 tablespoons milk, 4 tablespoons mixed chopped herbs such as parsley and dill andor scallions, 4 teaspoons unsalted butter, 4 ounces shredded gruyere or Swiss cheese about 1 cup], title: Cheese Omelet With Roasted Tomatoes and Onions, picturelink: null}, 20989: {instructions: Special equipment: A 9 by 13 by 2inch pannPreheat oven to 365 degrees F.nWhile the pastry is cooling, combine the butter, brown sugar, white sugar, honey, and salt in a large pot over high heat. Boil for 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and, at arms length, carefully stir in the cream, being mindful of splatters.nAdd the pecans and mix thoroughly. Pour the filling evenly over the baked pastry. Bake for 20 minutes until golden brown. Cool completely before cutting into squares.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, cream together the butter and sugar. Mix in the pastry flour and salt. Add the egg and egg yolk. Mix thoroughly.nPress the dough evenly onto the bottom of the pan. Refrigerate for 15 minutes.nTo bake, cover the pastry with parchment paper and weigh it down with dried beans or pie weights see Cooks Note. Bake for 20 minutes. Cool completely before removing the beans and parchment paper., ingredients: [Pastry Shell, recipe follows, 1 cup unsalted butter, 1 12 cups brown sugar, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup honey, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 13 cup heavy cream, 4 12 cups halved pecans, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 23 cup sugar, 2 cups pastry flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 1 egg yolk], title: Pecan Squares, picturelink: null}, 20990: {instructions: For the dressing: Combine the chile, sugar, water, pineapple juice, and soy sauce and mix well. Set aside.nPlace the jackfruit into a large pot and cover with water. Bring the water to the boil and cook for 45 minutes. Remove the jackfruit, peel and then tear into strips. In a mixing bowl, combine the jackfruit strips, tofu, carrots, fresh mint, Asian basil, perilla leaves, sesame seeds, and shallots and dress with 4 tablespoons salad dressing. Transfer to a serving plate and garnish with coriander., ingredients: [1 birds eye chile, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons warm water, 3 teaspoons pineapple juice, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 young green jackfruit, sliced into quarters, 7 ounces200 g crisp fried silken tofu, finely sliced, 1 carrot, julienned, 6 fresh mint leaves, sliced, 6 fresh Asian basil leaves, sliced See Cooks Note, 6 perilla leaves, sliced, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, 12 tablespoon fried Asian shallots See Cooks Note, Fresh coriander cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Young Jackfruit and Tofu Salad: Goi Mit Dau Hu, picturelink: null}, 20991: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut bread cubes into large bowl. Mix eggs, cream, brown sugar, zest and vanilla together pour over bread. Mix well and let sit for a minimum of 15 minutes. Butter a casserole dish and pour the mixture into the casserole. Put into the top half of the oven until the center is slightly firm to the touch, about 30 minutes. Remove and serve warm, topped with whipped cream, blueberries, and powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 loaf Challah bread, cut into 2inch dice, 6 eggs, beaten, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup light brown sugar, loosely packed, 2 lemons, zested, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Whipped cream, for garnish, 12 cup blueberries, for garnish, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Lemon Brown Sugar Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 20992: {instructions: Make bechamel: Melt butter, stir in flour and slowly add 1 12 cups milk. Cook over low heat until thickened. Fold in fine shreds of prosciutto and goatss cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Cool to room temperature. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Butter a souffle dish 5 or 6 cup measure. Fold egg yolks into bechamel and fold in cooked pasta. Whip egg whites until stiff but not dry and fold into noodles. Turn into souffle dish and bake for 40 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 12 cups milk, 2 ounces prosciutto, cut into, 14 cup soft goats cheese, 4 cups cooked dry green fettucine, cut, 3 egg yolks, 4 egg whites, Salt and pepper], title: Pasta Souffle, picturelink: null}, 20993: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason the fish with salt, to taste, and coat in anise seeds.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. When the oil is hot add the tilapia and saute until golden on 1 side. Flip them over and finish cooking on the other side. Remove the fish from pan to a plate and keep warm.nIn the same pan add the onion, garlic and tomatoes and saute until the onion is golden. Stir in the almonds and cumin seed and cook for 1 more minute.nDeglaze the saute pan with the water and stir in the chili paste. Carefully transfer the mixture to a blender. Add the 2 teaspoons salt, the raisins, and the 12 corn tortilla and puree until very smooth.nBriefly toast the remaining 8 tortillas over an open flame and lay 2 tortillas on each of 4 plates. Break up the fish and divide it evenly among the tortillas. Spoon the mole sauce over the fish, top with the shredded iceberg and garnish with the cotija cheese. Serve., ingredients: [1 pound tilapia fillets, Salt, 2 tablespoons anise seeds, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 white onion, sliced, 2 whole garlic cloves, 2 whole Roma tomatoes, 13 cup slivered blanched almonds, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, 1 cup water, 12 cup chili paste ancho if you can find it, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning fish, 14 cup raisins, 8 12 corn tortillas, divided, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 14 cup grated cotija cheese], title: One Pan Tilapia Fish Tacos with 5 Minute Mole, picturelink: 3GJokOtzWzXvjcD5AAtPFjcjSXCzYW}, 20994: {instructions: Special equipment: a 10by5by3inch loaf pannWork the apples, sugar and lemon zest together in a large bowl with your hands until the sugar feels like wet sand. Let the mixture sit, tossing occasionally, for 30 minutes the sugar will have started to melt but will still be gritty.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously coat a 10by5by3inch loaf pan with cooking spray. Sift the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt together onto a large piece of parchment. Whisk together the oil, eggs and vanilla in a medium bowl.nOnce the apples are ready, add the flour mixture to them, and fold until combined. Pour in the oil mixture, and fold until just combined its OK if there are a few lumps. Pour the batter into the prepared loaf pan. Tap the pan on the counter a few times to settle and even out the batter.nBake the bread until the top is golden brown and bounces back when pressed if you insert a toothpick into the center, its OK if there are a few crumbs, 55 to 60 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a cooling rack until cool enough to handle. Invert the bread out of the pan, and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [5 small McIntosh apples, peeled and cut into rough 14inch chunks about 4 cups, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Cooking spray, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 23 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Kids Can Bake: Apple Bread, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 20995: {instructions: Combine the dates and cognac in a bowl and let macerate about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the macerated dates, almonds, and coconut. Mix until the ingredients come together into a paste.nMelt the chocolate in a bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Stir the melted chocolate into the date mixture and set aside.nIn another bowl, whip together the egg whites and salt until they just begin to form soft peaks. While slowly adding the sugar, continue whipping the whites until they form firm peaks. Fold in the cocoa, cardamom, and ginger until just combined. Working in 3 batches, gently fold the whipped egg whites into the datechocolate mixture until just combined.nScoop chocolate batter into buttered ramekins or molds. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cake comes out dry, about 12 minutes. Lower the oven to 325 degrees F.nTo serve, unmold the cakes onto a baking sheet and top each with a chilled chocolatealmond wafer. Put the cakes into the oven and bake until the wafer just melts, about 15 seconds. Spoon a small pool of sauce onto plates, and gently place the cakes into the sauce. Serve.nPut the chocolate into a bowl. Bring the cream to a gentle simmer, pour over the chocolate, and stir with a rubber spatula until smooth. Fold in the spices and nuts. Spread the chocolate batter evenly onto a silicone mat or wax paperlined baking sheet and chill until firm, about 30 minutes. Using a round cookie cutter, cut the wafer into discs that are slightly larger than the top of the cakes.nCombine all the ingredients in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring frequently, reduced and thickened., ingredients: [4 dates about 3 ounces, preferably Medjool, chopped, 14 cup cognac, Slightly heaping 12 cup whole, skinned almonds, toasted and ground, 13 cup shredded unsweetened coconut, toasted, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 4 large egg whites, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoon cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, Butter, for greasing the ramekins, ChocolateAlmond Wafer, recipe follows, CoconutCognac Sauce, recipe follows, 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped into small pieces, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 cup whole, skinned almonds, toasted and ground, 3 cups coconut milk, 6 tablespoons cognac, 6 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Chocolate Date Cake with CoconutCognac Sauce, picturelink: null}, 20996: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl combine the goat cheese with the lemon juice, salt, pepper, and basil mix together well and set aside. Cut the phyllo pastry in half lengthwise so that you have 2 5 12inch wide pieces of dough. Keeping the piles of dough covered with a damp tea towel, lay one sheet of phyllo out on a lightly floured surface, brush it with a little melted butter, and place another sheet on top of it, staggered bu 12inch to the left. Repeat until you have 4 layers of phyllo, staggering each by 12inch, and then repeat the process to make a second identical pile. Spread half the goat cheese mixture in a line 12inch in from one long inner edge of each phyllo pile. Next to the strip on the inside, make a long line of half the shredded crab meat. Distribute half the grilled onions and asparagus next to the crab, brush the long edge and the 2 short edges of the phyllo with meted butter and roll up the strudels tightly from left to right, squeezing the edges to seal them. Place the 2 strudels seamside down on a baking sheet and brush the outside of each strudel with more melted butter. Sprinkle with the bread crumbs and, if desired, refrigerate for up to 2 hours.nRoast the bell peppers over a gas flame, or on a tray under a hot broiler, turning so that the skin is evenly charred without burning and drying out the flesh. transfer the charred peppers to a plastic bag, tie the top closed and let steam until cool to the touch, about 15 minutes. The easiest way to peel them is to pull off the charred skin by hand and then dip the peppers briefly in water to remove any blackened bits. Do not peel them under running water since that will wash away flavorful juices. Once peeled, cut away stems, seeds, and veins. In a blender, process the flesh to a smooth puree. You should have about 1 cup of puree.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine red pepper puree with the lime juice, sour cream, paprika, salt, and pepper to taste. Blend together well and refrigerate, covered, until needed.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees and bring the sauce to room temperature. Bake the strudels in the hot oven for about 15 to 20 minutes, or until they are crisp and golden. Remove them to a cutting board, rest for 5 minutes, and slice off and discard or eat the very ends of the strudels. Slice each strudel into 3 equal lengths and slice each length into 3 spirals. Make a little pool of the red pepper sauce on each of 6 plates and place 3 spirals, cut side up, on the sauce. Garnish with a leaf of lettuce and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup soft fresh goat cheese, at room temperature, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil, 12 pound phyllo pastry, thawed, 13 cup unsalted butter, melted, 12 pound shredded crab meat, picked over and shredded, 4 12inch thick slices of a large red onion, grilled until charred and softened, 12 asparagus stalks, bottom 2 inches of stalks peeled, blanched for 4 minutes in boiling water and drained, 3 tablespoons fine dry bread crumbs, 4 red bell peppers, Juice of 12 lime, 14 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 6 leaves baby lettuce], title: Crab and Goat Cheese Strudel, picturelink: null}, 20997: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 10by15inch rimmed baking sheetnSpecial equipment: a 10by15inch rimmed baking sheetnPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cut the onion in half, and shred each half on the large holes of a box grater. Squeeze the shredded onion dry between 2 towels, and scatter around a 10by15inch rimmed baking sheet.nPut the ground beef, egg, breadcrumbs and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl, and mix gently, just enough to incorporate evenly. Drop mounds of the mixture all around the baking sheet, and press them into an even layer without disturbing the onions too much but expect some of the onions to move around and peek through the meat. Brush the top of the meat with the vegetable oil, then season it evenly with 12 teaspoon salt and several grinds of fresh pepper. Score the meat into 24 squares, cutting completely through with a spatula.nBake until browned and no longer pink in the middle, 8 to 9 minutes. Put a small square of cheese on each patty, and return to the oven to melt, about 30 seconds. Let rest a few minutes, then recut along the scores to separate.nTop each patty with a slice of tomato and pickle. Slide a spatula into the pan, and let guests serve themselves. Serve alongside a platter with the buns and lettuce. Dont forget the ketchup and mustard., ingredients: [1 medium onion, 1 12 pounds 9010 ground beef, 1 large egg, 14 cup plain breadcrumbs, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices American cheese, quartered, 24 thin plum tomato slices from 2 to 3 tomatoes, 24 dill pickle slices, 24 mini potato buns, 4 large iceberg lettuce leaves, cut into 24 even pieces, Ketchup and yellow mustard, for serving], title: Beef Sliders for a Crowd, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 20998: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nLay fries in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, turning halfway through cooking, until crisp and golden.nIn a large pot over medium heat, break up ground beef and brown, stirring constantly to break up all the clumps to fine ground.nAdd remaining ingredients through the onion powder. Bring to boil. Lower heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Serve hot fries on a plate smothered with chili and topped with shredded cheese, if using., ingredients: [12 bag about 16 ounces frenchfried potatoes recommended: OreIda Golden Crinkles, 1 pound ground beef, 1 12ounce bottle chili sauce recommended: Heinz, 1 packet chili seasoning recommended: Lawrys, 12 cup water, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 12 teaspoon onion powder, Shredded Cheddar, optional recommended: Kraft], title: Chili Fries, picturelink: UZ2rCOmaIQivYq0psB1g06TsdiiMMcG}, 20999: {instructions: For the shortbread layer: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a pastry brush, butter a 9by13inch baking dish and coat with flour, tapping off excess.nPut the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse. Add the butter and pulse until the dough just comes together. Press the shortbread mixture into the prepared pan and bake until golden brown around the edges, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool completely.nFor the cookie butter layer: In a 5quart saucepan over moderatelylow heat, combine the sweetened condensed milk, brown sugar, cookie butter and salt. Slowly bring the mixture to a boil, stirring continuously. Continue stirring over the heat until the mixture becomes thick and amber in color, about 15 minutes. Pour the mixture over the cooked shortbread and spread evenly using an offset spatula. Cool to room temperature.nFor the chocolate topping: In a bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, melt the chocolate with the oil. Once the chocolate has melted, pour it over the cooled caramel layer. Cool at room temperature for about 10 minutes, and then put in the refrigerator to cool completely, allowing the chocolate to slightly harden but not too hard. Cut into 2inch pieces. Garnish with flaky salt before serving., ingredients: [12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 cups sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup light brown sugar not packed, 3 tablespoons cookie butter, such as Biscoff or Speculoos, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 4 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, Flaky salt, such as fleur de sel, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, plus extra melted for coating the pan, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for coating the pan, 13 cup granulated sugar], title: Millionaire Shortbread Cookies, picturelink: LJIIu68UXuKbY6N5AOisF68bKcGmkSG}}