{21600: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Heat the olive oil in a medium pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the bell pepper, onion, garlic, cumin, salt and pepper and cook until slightly soft, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato sauce and 12 cup water and bring to a simmer.nSet aside about half of the tomato sauce mixture in a bowl. Add 34 cup more water and the rice to the pot and bring to a boil. Add the beans and their liquid, stir and reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook, undisturbed, until the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered, 5 more minutes.nMeanwhile, pierce the pork chops with a fork and rub with the vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste. Arrange on a foillined broiler pan. Pour the reserved tomato mixture over the pork chops and turn to coat. Broil, without turning, until golden brown, about 8 minutes.nFluff the rice and beans with a fork. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the pork chops and rice and beans among plates and drizzle with the broilerpan juices.nPer serving: Calories 678 Fat 27 g Saturated 8 g Cholesterol 120 mg Sodium 364 mg Carbohydrate 64 g Fiber 8 g Protein 47 gn, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 onion, diced, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 cup converted parboiled, not instant white rice, 1 15ounce can black beans not drained or rinsed, 8 thin boneless or bonein pork chops 2 to 2 34 pounds, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar], title: Pork Chops With Rice and Beans, picturelink: null}, 21601: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler to very hot.nCut off the top of the pineapple. Cut a slice off the bottom to stabilize the pineapple, then peel from top to bottom with a sharp knife. Cut out any eyes in the fruit. Cut into 12 inchthick slices. Using a small cookie or biscuit cutter, cut the core out of each slice. Divide the slices on ovenproof plates. Chill until ready to serve. In a small bowl, toss together the macadamia nuts, sugar, butter and salt. Spoon over the pineapple slices. Broil not too close to the heat until the topping is caramelized and bubbly, about 2 to 4 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 whole pineapple, ripe, 1 cup macadamia nuts, coarsely chopped, 13 cup light brown sugar, packed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, 1 pinch salt], title: Broiled Pineapple with Macadamia Crunch, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 21602: {instructions: Wipe the mushrooms clean with a damp cloth. Remove the stems and finely chop them. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, combine the ground meat, fennel seed, onion, garlic, lemon zest, half of the cheese, the chopped mushroom stems, breadcrumbs and spinach and season with salt and pepper. Brush lightly with EVOO and stuff the mixture into the caps.nArrange the caps on a rimmed baking sheet or in a baking dish. Leave some room around each mushroom to prevent the caps from getting steamy. Sprinkle the remaining cheese and the nuts on the caps and transfer to the oven. Bake until the mushrooms are tender and the filling is cooked through, about 25 minutes. Serve warm.nPhotographs by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [16 baby portabella mushrooms creminis, 1 pound ground chicken or turkey breast, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 13 palmful, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 3 garlic cloves, grated or finely chopped, 1 lemon, zested, 1 cup shredded asiago cheese, 12 cup breadcrumbs, a couple handfuls, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and wrung dry in a clean kitchen towel, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons EVOO extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup pine nuts or chopped almonds], title: Stuffed Baby Bellas, picturelink: 0RorDadT4j.P.DA8t6qWiprcDJUOW}, 21603: {instructions: Toast all the pine nuts in a dry skillet over mediumlow heat, stirring, until evenly brown and fragrant, about 2 to 3 minutes. Cool.nPulse the 34 cup cool pine nuts and sugar in a food processor until finely ground, about 15 times. Add the flour, cornmeal, salt, and butter and pulse until combined, about 10 more times. Add the egg and pulse until mixture comes together in a soft dough, about 5 times.nLay out an 8 by 11inch sheet of waxed or parchment paper. Divide dough equally into 6 balls and place on the paper, leaving at least 4 inches between each. Press down lightly to make even disks, and cover with another sheet of paper. With a rolling pin lightly roll over the entire sheet to make rounds about 5 inches in diameter. Slide paper onto a baking sheet and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 3 days.nRemove top sheet of paper and cut the parchment into 6 squares around the dough circles. Place 2 heaping tablespoons of jam on each circle and spread it evenly with the back of a spoon over the crust, leaving a 1 12inch border around the edges. Fold and loosely pleat the dough over the edge of the jam, to make a rustic freeform pie. Use the edge of the parchment or a bench scraper to lift the edges of dough over its easier that way. See photo. Repeat with the remaining disks.nWhisk the egg yolk with a teaspoon of water and brush over the edges of the crusts with it. Sprinkle remaining pine nuts onto the egg wash. Refrigerate pies for 30 minutes.nPosition a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Bake pies until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let set for 5 minutes before transferring with the paper onto a rack to cool.nServe warm or at room temperature, with ice cream, whipped cream or yogurt, if desired., ingredients: [34 cup pine nuts, plus 2 tablespoons more for topping, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon stoneground cornmeal yellow or white, Pinch fine salt, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, sliced, 1 large egg, 1 cup fruit jam or preserves, 1 large egg yolk], title: FreeForm Fruit and Nut Pies, picturelink: KWNVXuCvBgna0DrWZB4zcjSGk.DMZnW}, 21604: {instructions: Make the salad: In a large bowl whisk the vinegar and honey until combined and then whisk in the sesame oil. Add the snow peas and carrots and toss well to coat. Set aside for the flavors to blend while the chicken and sauce cook.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a wire rack on a baking sheet and lightly mist with nonstick cooking spray.nPut the sesame seeds in a small nonstick skillet set over medium heat. Cook, stirring often, until golden brown and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool.nPut the cereal in a plastic storage bag and crush with a rolling pin or heavy can until coarsely crushed. In a shallow bowl combine the toasted sesame seeds, crushed cereal and orange zest and lightly season with salt and pepper.nIn a second shallow dish, beat the egg whites with the teriyaki sauce. Dip each chicken tender in the egg mixture and then the cereal mixture, pressing to coat well. Place on the rack and mist the chicken with nonstick cooking spray. Bake until the crust is golden and the chicken is cooked through, 18 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepot heat the marmalade, teriyaki and ginger over medium heat until melted and well combined. Remove from heat and stir in the lemon juice. Serve the chicken with some of the sauce for dipping and the salad., ingredients: [2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 8 ounces snow peas, sliced, 3 medium carrots, about 8 ounces, peeled and julienned, or 2 12 cups storebought shredded carrots, Cooking spray, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 4 cups 3 12 ounces crispy rice cereal, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 egg whites, 1 tablespoon lowsodium teriyaki sauce, 1 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast, cut into tenders 4 by 1 12inches, about 18 pieces, 12 cup lowsugar orange marmalade, 1 tablespoon lowsodium teriyaki sauce, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Orange Chicken Fingers, picturelink: .oOjmiBDmY9vygbBjHqy.lTS6uAGDr.}, 21605: {instructions: Combine the brandy, grape juice and lime juice in a large pitcher or carafe. Refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours. When ready to serve, pour 2 ounces each into champagne flutes, then top with 6 ounces of the sparkling wine. Garnish with the red and white grapes, about 4 slices per glass., ingredients: [16 ounces brandy or cognac 2 cups, 16 ounces white grape juice 2 cups, 1 ounce lime juice from about 2 limes, One 750milliliter bottle sparkling wine, such as Prosecco, chilled, 12 cup red and white grapes, sliced into thirds, for garnish], title: White Grape Spritzer, picturelink: qFHaaKERjhQfM4LlNyfcaAJFMdKg3NK}, 21606: {instructions: Place the basil, ParmigianoReggiano cheese, and garlic in a blender. With the machine running, add 1 4 cup of the wine and process until thick. Set the pesto aside. In a medium, heavybottomed saucepan, bring the remaining 3 4 cup wine and the vinegar to a bare simmer over medium heat. In a medium bowl, toss the Brie cheese with the cornstarch. A handful at a time, stir the cheese into the saucepan, stirring the first batch until melted before adding another. Allow the fondue to bubble once or twice, but do not boil. Stir in the pesto and season with the pepper. Transfer to a cheese fondue pot and keep warm over a fondue burner. Serve immediately, with dipping ingredients of your choice., ingredients: [14 cup packed, coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 ounce freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese 1 4 cup, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 cup dry, white wine, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 pound ripe Brie cheese, well chilled, rind trimmed and discarded, cut into small cubes about 2 cups, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Freshly ground pepper, to taste], title: Brie and Pesto Fondue, picturelink: null}, 21607: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in small mixing bowl. Mix well. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup grated onion, 1 tablespoon pickle relish, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 diced anchovy], title: Tartar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 21608: {instructions: Combine vinegar, wine and sugar in a heavy, large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Boil until syrupy and reduced to 12 cup, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside to cool. Slice fennel bulb paper thin, using a mandoline, a very sharp knife or a food processor slicing disk. Toss fennel with olive oil and salt to taste.nTo serve, spread a bed of fennel evenly on each of six salad plates. Quarter and core pears and arrange quarters on each plate. Distribute pieces of cheese equally among plates, grind fresh black pepper liberally over each and drizzle with balsamic glaze. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 13 cups balsamic vinegar, 12 cup dry white wine such as chardonnay, 2 Tbs. packed light brown sugar, 1 medium bulb fresh fennel, trimmed and cored, 2 Tbs. extra virgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 6 Royal Riviera pears, 3 oz. Cambazzola or other goodquality blue cheese, black pepper], title: Pear Fennel and Blue Cheese Salad with Balsamic Glaze, picturelink: null}, 21609: {instructions: Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350 degrees. Melt 2 Tbsp. butter and pour into a 13 x 19 inch glass or ceramic baking dish. Pulse 34 cup crumbled amoretti in a food processor until finely chopped, then add flour, sugar, salt, and remaining 2 Tbsp. butter. Blend until butter is incorporated, then add egg and blend until smooth.nScoop out just enough peach pulp from center of each peach half with a melon ball cutter or small spoon to create a 1 deep cavity. Arrange peaches, cut sides up, in baking dish, then brush skins with melted butter from dish. Divide amaretti mixture among cavities, then sprinkle remaining 14 cup crumbled amoretti over filling. Bake until filling is puffed and crisp, 40 to 50 minutes. Serve warm or at room temp.nWisk mascarpone with a few tablespoons of milk until it reaches a consistency suitable to dollop on peaches. Spoon on 1 Tbsp. per peach., ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup coarsely crumbled amoretti, 2 12 Tbsp. whole wheat flour, 2 Tbsp. sugar, 18 tsp. salt, 1 large egg, 8 firm, ripe small peaches, halved lengthwise and pitted, 8 oz. mascarpone cheese], title: Amaretti Stuffed Peaches, picturelink: null}, 21610: {instructions: To prepare crumb crust: In a mixing bowl, combine the crust ingredients together with a fork until evenly moistened. Lightly coat the bottom and sides of a 9inch springform pan with nonstick cooking spray. Firmly press the mixture over the bottom and 1inch up the sides on the pan, use your fingers or the smooth bottom of a glass. Refrigerate the crust while preparing the filling.nTo prepare filling: In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese on low speed for 1 minute just until smooth and free of any lumps. Gradually add the sugar and beat until creamy, 1 to 2 minutes. Periodically scrape down the sides of the bowl and the beaters. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and continue to slowly beat until combined. Stir in the vanilla and lemon zest. Blend in the sour cream. The batter should be well mixed but not overbeaten. Overbeating incorporates too much air and will cause the cake to puff when baking, then fall and crack when cooling. Pour filling into the crustlined pan and smooth the top with a spatula.nTo prepare water bath: Set the pan on a large piece of aluminum foil and fold up the sides. This will prevent water from seeping into the seams of the springform pan. Carefully set the cake pan in a larger roasting pan. Pour boiling water into the roasting pan until the water is about halfway up the sides of the cheesecake pan.nBake in a preheated 325 degree oven for 45 minutes. The cheesecake should still jiggle, it will firm up after chilling. Be careful not to overcook Do not do a toothpick test in the cakes center, this will make a crack. Loosen the cheesecake from the sides of the pan by running a thin metal spatula around the inside rim. Let cool in the pan for 30 minutes. Chill in the refrigerator, loosely covered, for at least 4 hours to set up. Demold and transfer to a cake plate. Slice the cheesecake with a thin, nonserrated knife that has been dipped in hot water and wiped dry after each cut.nFor the topping: Combine all ingredients in a 2quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring up to a slow boil and stir gently until the berries breakdown and release their natural juice. The consistency should remain a bit chunky. Cool to room temperature and serve on top of cheesecake., ingredients: [2 cups finely ground graham crackers about 30 squares, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 8ounce blocks cream cheese, room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 lemon, zest finely grated, 1 pint sour cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 pints blueberries, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Crack Proof Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 21611: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nTrim the rhubarb, wipe with a damp cloth and cut into pieces about 1inch in length. Put into the base of a tin or saute pan, sprinkle with the sugar. We put the stainless steel saute pan on a low heat at this point while we make the dough.nSieve all the dry ingredients into a bowl. Cut the butter into cubes and rub into the flour until the mixture resembles coarse bread crumbs. Whisk the egg with the milk. Make a well in the centre of the dry ingredients, pour in the liquid all at once and mix to a soft dough. Turn out onto a floured board and roll into a 9inch round about 1inch thick. Place this round on top of the rhubarb and tuck in the edges neatly. Brush with a little egg wash and sprinkle with granulated sugar.nBake at 450 degrees for 15 minutes then, reduce the temperature to 350 degrees for another 30 minutes, or until the top is crusty and golden and the rhubarb soft and juicy.nRemove from the oven and allow to sit for a few minutes. Put a warm plate over the top of the saute pan, turn upside down onto the plate being careful of the hot juices. Serve warm with soft brown sugar and whipped cream., ingredients: [11 cups red rhubarb, 1 to 1 12 cups granulated sugar, Scant 2 cups flour, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 1 heaping teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 2 ounces butter, 1 egg, 34 cup whole milk, Egg wash, Granulated sugar, Soft brown sugar, Whipped Cream], title: Roscommon Rhubarb Pie, picturelink: null}, 21612: {instructions: Prepare a hot grill outside or preheat a grill pan to high heat and preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nToss raw chicken in a bowl with rub, a few pieces at a time until all chicken is well coated. Grill chicken on well oiled grill or grill pan for about 2 minutes on each side, until nice grill marks are formed. If chicken pieces are very thick, finish cooking for 5 to 10 minutes more in the preheated oven. Allow chicken to cool a few minutes and then pull apart into nice shreds. Toss chicken with BBQ sauce so that it is well coated but not overly wet. Keep warm in a warm saute pan until ready to use.nHeat olive oil in large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Stir in garlic with wooden spoon. After 30 seconds add spinach and turn off heat. Toss spinach in hot oil, when wilted completely season with salt. Set aside.nSpread butter evenly over 1 side of each pita. In a large saute pan, grill each flatbread over mediumhigh heat, buttered side down work in batches if necessary top each flatbread with 1 12 ounces of cheese, 14 of the spinach, and 14 of the chicken. Fold each flatbread over and continue grilling until golden brown on each side. Cut in half crosswise, transfer to platter and serve.nCombine all ingredients, using a whisk, wooden spoon or hands. Use hands to break up lumps of brown sugar.nHeat oil n a 1gallon saucepan over medium heat, sweat onions until translucent, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add garlic and sweat 1 more minute. Add dry spices and BBQ rub stir. Cook until spices become fragrant, about 1 minute more. Add remaining ingredients and simmer slowly for 20 minutes. Using an immersion blender, puree sauce until smooth., ingredients: [1 pound boneless skinless chicken thighs or a combination of breasts and thighs, 12 to 34 cup BBQ rub, recipe follows, Oil, for grilling, 23 cup BBQ sauce, recipe follows or storebought, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 8ounce bag washed baby spinach leaves or 1 cup frozen, drained and chopped, Salt, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 4 wholewheat flat breads such as naan or Mediterranean style pita, 6 ounces shredded Cheddarjack cheese blend, 1 cup kosher salt, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, 1 cup smoked paprika, 12 cup chili powder, 1 tablespoon dried rosemary crushed slightly with spice mill, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 12 cup granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup finely minced yellow onion, 2 tablespoons finely minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 34 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground clove, 1 tablespoon BBQ rub, 14 cup Creole mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons unsulfured molasses, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons liquid smoke, optional, 2 cups tomato sauce, 4 cups ketchup], title: BBQ Chicken Packed Pita, picturelink: null}, 21613: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nBrush the slices of focaccia with the olive oil. Place on a sheet pan and grill until crispy, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the onions, wine, vinegar, brown sugar, and honey. Stir constantly over medium heat until the sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes, until the sauce is the consistency of marmalade.nGrill the beef tenderloin, turning to mark all sides, until medium rare, about 10 to 15 minutes total. Let rest for 10 minutes, then thinly slice the meat. Place a slice of beef on each rosemary focaccia crostini and top each with a teaspoon of onion marmalade., ingredients: [1 loaf rosemary focaccia bread, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 red or sweet onions, thinly sliced, 13 cup dry red wine, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup honey, 1 24ounce piece beef tenderloin], title: Beef Crostini with Caramelized Onion Marmalade, picturelink: null}, 21614: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pot with a heavy bottom, or in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Make sure the oil level is no more than onethird of the pot as it will rise during the frying process.nMix the cardamom, paprika and salt together in a small bowl.nCut the sweet potatoes into 14inchthick slices, and then cut the slices into 14inch sticks. Put the cornstarch into a large bowl and add the sweet potatoes, tossing well using your hands to make sure they are well coated.nWorking in batches, fry in the hot oil until golden brown, 6 to 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels, and then sprinkle liberally with the spice mixture. Serve with Chili Coconut Dip.nHeat the oil in a skillet over medium heat and add the curry leaves, coconut, chili powder, ground coriander, mustard seeds, salt and pepper. Toast until the coconut is golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Place in a bowl with the mayonnaise and stir well to combine., ingredients: [2 liters vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 mediumsize sweet potatoes, peeled, 12 cup cornstarch, Chili Coconut Dip, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 14 cup dried curry leaves, crushed, 3 tablespoons unsweetened coconut flakes, 12 teaspoon red chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon brown mustard seeds, Pinch of salt, Pinch of pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise], title: Sweet Potato Fries with Chili Coconut Dip, picturelink: null}, 21615: {instructions: Filling: Start by heating Anato seed oil in pan, cook onions and red peppers until soft and translucent. Add minced garlic. Once cooked, pour in tomato juice. Add chopped cilantro, green olives, and pulled turkey meat. Simmer on very low heat for 20 min. Turn off the heat and let your filling cool completely. Save dried cranberries for the assembly.nMasa: Using the micrograter attachment of a box grater, grate the Yautia, Green Plantains, Yuka and Pumpkin into a large mixing bowl. The consistency should be that of a loose dough or grits. Add your salt and anato oil, and mix well.nCranberry Sauce Escabeche:nLightly cook the onions in the olive oil, until almost translucent add peppercorns, olive oil, and bay leaf. Simmer for about 10 min. Add 34 of the can of the cranberry sauce once cooled, and mix lightly to break down the cranberry a bit. Let stand for 30 minutes. Serve chilled or at room temperature on top of the Pasteles.nAssembly:nCut a piece of parchment paper about 10 inches by 5 inches. Cut two pieces of banana leaf about 8 inches by 4 inches. Lay the parchment paper on a flat work surface, so that it looks like a horizontal rectangle. Place one of the cut banana leafs in the center of the parchment paper. Brush a few drops of anato oil onto the center of the banana leaf. This adds color and flavor while preventing the masa dough from sticking. Place about 1 12 to 2 spoon fulls of masa onto the oil in the center of the banana leaf. Flatten and spread out the dough evenly, but do not go over the edge of the leaf. Place one spoon full of Turkey filling in the center of the dough. Sprinkle on a small amount of the dried cranberries on top of the filling Place another spoonful of masa dough on top of the meat filling. Spread the masa evenly to cover the filling. Brush a few drops of achiote oil on one side of the second piece of banana leaf. Place the leaf, oiled side down, on top of the masa.nBring the top edge and bottom edge of the parchment paper up so that the edges meet evenly over the top of the pastele. Fold or roll down the edges, forming a horizontal seam. Fold up the ends of the parchment paper and flip the wrapped pastele over.nCut a piece of kitchen string about 20 inches long. Fold it in half. Lay the string on your work surface so that the middle of the string is at the top, in an upside down ushape. The open ends should be closest to you. Place the pastele horizontally on top of the string. Take the two ends of the string, closest to you, and fold them up and over the pastele. Then tuck the ends under the ushaped end, farthest away from you. Without crossing the strings at the top, gently pull the string ends down toward the ends of the pastele. Flip the pastele and bring the string around the ends of the pastele. Tie the string in the middle. Flip the pastele over one last time. Bring the string around the middle. Tie the string into a not or bow. Your wrapped pastele is now ready to cook.nStack all your pasteles in a tall pot with 2 liters of water and simmer on low heat for 45 min to an hour with a lid.nRemove Pasteles from pot, unwrap, and serve with a spoon full of the Cranberry Escabeche., ingredients: [18 cup anato seed oil, 1 large onion, diced, 1 red pepper, diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup tomato juice, 12 cup cilantro, chopped, 14 cup pitted green olives, 14 pound cooked and pulled turkey, 14 cup dried cranberries, Masa:, 2 yautia, peeled, 5 green plantains, peeled, 12 of 1 yuka, peeled, 12 of 1 small pumpkin, peeled, 3 tablespoons anato seed oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 banana leaves, 1 cup julienne onion, 1 cup white vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 1 bay leaf, 20 whole black peppercorns, 1 can cranberry sauce], title: Turkey Pasteles with Cranberry Escabeche, picturelink: MGXVMmnY.l9ulr72yaoNEFFWKUUP.Xm}, 21616: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMix together the breadcrumbs, eggs, cheese, chickpeas, pine nuts, raisins, garlic, parsley, salt, pepper, broccoli and cauliflower. Refrigerate for 15 minutes. Scoop and roll the mixture into about 2.5ounce balls. Place on a greased baking sheet. Bake for 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup breadcrumbs, 4 eggs, 18 cup grated cheese, 18 cup chickpeas, rinsed, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon toasted pine nuts, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon golden raisins, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch broccoli crowns, cooked, cooled and roughly chopped, 14 head cauliflower, cooked, cooled and roughly chopped, Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing], title: Veggie Balls, picturelink: null}, 21617: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oil in a large Dutch oven to 375 degrees F.nWhisk dry ingredients together in a large bowl.nWhisk eggs, yolk, buttermilk, pumpkin puree, melted butter and almond extract together in another large bowl until smooth. Add the wet ingredients to the dry and thoroughly mix together using a wooden spoon. The dough will be very sticky.nDust your countertop and hands with flour. Using your hands pat out dough to 12inch thickness. Dip a 3inch round cutter in flour and cut out donuts. Cut out center of donuts with 34inch cutter. Gather scraps and reroll. Continue cutting out donuts.nFry donuts, in hot oil, until golden brown and crisp, approximately 1 minute per side. Drain on wire rack over sheet tray to cool.nOnce cool, dust with cinnamon sugar, if desired, or dip tops of the donuts into the Maple Syrup Glaze. Also, a butter knife can be used to spread on the glaze.nIn a small bowl, combine confectioners sugar, maple extract and milk stir well. Add additional milk, if needed, to reach desired consistency. Drizzle over donuts., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 egg yolk, 13 cup buttermilk, 34 cup canned pumpkin puree, 3 tablespoons melted salted butter, 12 teaspoon almond extract, Cinnamon sugar, Maple Syrup Glaze, recipe follows, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon maple extract, 12 cup milk], title: Neelys Maple Glazed Donuts, picturelink: Nt.6YDBhfS8tQGL3AwJFsimlwlp0pwG}, 21618: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Grease a 9  10inch cast iron skillet or a 9 inch square pan.nIn a large bowl combine cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In a liquid 2 cup measure or a small bowl, mix together the egg and the buttermilk. Stir buttermilk mixture into dry ingredients. Add corn, 23 cup cheddar cheese and minced jalapenos. Stir in melted butter and mix gently. Pour batter into prepared pan and top with remaining cheddar cheese. Bake for 2025 minutes or until broken down and an inserted knife comes out clean. Let cool for 5 minutes and remove from pan to a cooling rack, ingredients: [1 cup fine cornmeal, 1 cup flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Dash of salt, 1 egg lightly beaten, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 cup grated orange cheddar cheese, 2 pickled jalapenos, minced, 4 tablespoons melted butter], title: Black Skillet Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 21619: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 13 by 9 by 2inchbaking pan with parchment or wax paper, so that the edges of the paper come up the sides. Lightly butter the paper.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.nCombine the semisweet and unsweetened chocolates and the butter in a heatproof medium bowl. Fill a medium saucepan with a couple inches of water and bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat. Turn off the heat. Set the bowl on the pan, over the heated water, to melt the chocolate gently. Whisk until smooth.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, eggs, and vanilla. Stir the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture until evenly blended. Add the dry ingredients and mix just until blended. Take care not to over mix the batter. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan.nBake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the brownies comes out coated with a fudgey crumb, about 25 to 30 minutes. Cool the brownies in the pan on a rack. To make the glaze, put the semisweet chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl. In a small saucepan, boil the heavy cream, and pour it over the chocolate. Let stand for 5 minutes, then stir until melted and smooth. Spread the glaze evenly over the brownies and let set at room temperature.nLift the edges of the paper to take the brownies out of the pan. Cut the brownies into 24 squares. Serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 10 ounces finely chopped semisweet chocolate, 2 ounces finely chopped unsweetened chocolate, 12 cup unsalted butter 1 stick, plus for buttering the paper, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 6 ounces finely chopped semisweet chocolate, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Glazed Brownies, picturelink: j0a4NvfJWvd.CJVtpZJHU61zkHJBw6}, 21620: {instructions: Cook 14 pound assorted wild mushrooms and some chopped chives in a skillet with butter until wilted. Season with salt and pepper. Top 12 pieces pumpernickel cocktail bread with wildboar salami or other wild cured meat. Top with the mushrooms, drizzle with olive oil and garnish with chives and hot cherry peppers.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: WildBoar Bites, picturelink: 2xKB.sWhOCh6SvOqC7GifnecTubI336}, 21621: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBlanch the almonds in boiling water, until the skins peel off.nMelt the butter in a large ovenproof skillet over moderate heat and cook until it turns light brown and smells nutty. Add the almonds and salt and cook, stirring occasionally, over moderate heat until the almonds begin to color, about 5 minutes, coat and toss in the spice mix thoroughly. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the almonds are mediumbrown, about 15 minutes.nRemove from the oven, taste for flavor, add more spice mix or salt, if necessary. Return to the oven for another 5 minutes. Transfer the nuts to a sheet pan they will crisp as they cool. Store the cooled almonds in an airtight container at room temperature. See Cooks NotenToast the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a small, heavy pan over medium heat. When the fennel turns light brown, work quickly. Turn on the exhaust fan, add the red pepper flakes, and toss, toss, toss, always under the fan. Immediately turn the spice mixture out onto a plate to cool. Put in a blender with the chili powder, salt, and cinnamon and blend until the spices are evenly ground. If you have a small spice mill or a coffee grinder dedicated to grinding spices, grind only the fennel, coriander, pepper, and chili flakes. Pour into a bowl and toss with the remaining ingredients.nToasting freshens spices, releases their oils, and makes them more fragrant, as well as adding a new dimension of flavor. Keep the spice mix in a glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze.nTaste your chili powder and, if too spicy and hot, cut back the amount. California chiles are almost sweet, not hot., ingredients: [1 pound shelled almonds, preferably unsalted, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons sea salt, preferably gray salt, 3 tablespoons Toasted Spice Rub, recipe follows, 14 cup fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 12 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 14 cup 1ounce pure California chili powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon], title: Toasted Spice Rub Almonds, picturelink: null}, 21622: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove neck and giblets from chicken and discard. Rinse chicken inside and out, and pat dry with paper towels. Rub chicken lightly with oil then rub inside and out with salt, pepper and dry rub. Set aside.nOpen beer can and take several gulps make them big gulps so that the can is half full. Place beer can on a solid surface. Grabbing a chicken leg in each hand, plunk the bird cavity over the beer can. Transfer the birdonacan to your grill and place in the center of the grate, balancing the bird on its 2 legs and the can like a tripod.nCook the chicken over mediumhigh, indirect heat i.e. no coals or burners on directly under the bird, with the grill cover on, for approximately 1 14 hours or until the internal temperature registers 165 degrees F in the breast area and 180 degrees F in the thigh, or until the thigh juice runs clear when stabbed with a sharp knife. Remove from grill and let rest for 10 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 4pound whole chicken, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 3 tablespoons of your favorite dry spice rub, 1 can beer], title: Beer Can Chicken, picturelink: hZ3SNMcw0rgiWOPcGfblaIoJYW5wFS}, 21623: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease 12 muffin cups.nIn a large bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, salt and nutmeg. Set aside.nIn a separate large bowl, cream together the sugar and shortening. Add the eggs and mix again. Alternate adding onethird of the flour mixture and onethird of the milk to the creamed mixture, beating well after each addition.nFill the muffin cups twothirds full. Bake until golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the muffins from the pan and set aside.nTo make the coating, melt the butter in a bowl or glass pan. In a separate container, combine the sugar and cinnamon.nDip the warm muffins in the butter, coating thoroughly.nThen roll in the cinnamonsugar mixture. Dont be afraid to really coat em up. Let the kids help, ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup sugar, 23 cup shortening, 2 eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 12 pound 2 sticks butter, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon], title: French Breakfast Puffs, picturelink: vk8oxbAfImwpRasY3OAHa3I3SyaOGjy}, 21624: {instructions: Heat a wood burning grill to mediumhigh flame.nSeason the steak with only freshly ground black pepper, and cook for about 6 minutes on each side for a rare cut and about 8 for a medium rare.nRemove the steak from the grill, place on a large wood cutting board and season with salt, you can also add more pepper if youd like.nSlice the steak into 34inch slices and place them on top of some arugula and youre good to go., ingredients: [1 32ounce ounce bonein ribeye steak, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tagliata Alla Fiorentina, picturelink: null}, 21625: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients for the barbecue sauce in small pot and bring it to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and cook until thickened, about 30 minutes. Cool completely and store in the refrigerator for a makeahead meal.nReheat the sauce over mediumlow heat to warm.nHeat the stock in a skillet over medium heat until boiling. Reduce the heat to low, add the roast beef and simmer until the meat is warmed through but not dried out. When the liquids have just about evaporated, pour the barbecue sauce over the meat and stir gently to combine.nLightly toast or warm the bread. Pile the barbecue meat into the sub rolls and top with pickled chopped vegetables.nAdd the arugula, the cheese, tomatoes and basil to medium salad bowl. Douse with extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss to combine and serve with the beef sandwiches., ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dark amber maple syrup, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika, 13 palmful coarsely ground black pepper, 1 cup beef or chicken stockinabox, 1 12 to 2 pounds sliced Italian roast beef substitute thicksliced deli beef when leftovers are not available, 4 crusty Italian sub rolls or chunks of ciabatta bread, 1 cup giardiniera Italian hot pickled vegetables, drained and chopped, 2 cups arugula or watercress leaves, chopped, 4 balls bocconcini, quartered, 16 cherry tomatoes, halved, 12 cup basil leaves, torn or chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Italian Barbecued Beef Sandwiches with Hot and Sweet Caprese Salad, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 21626: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray a large shallow roasting pan with cooking spray.nToss the carrots, garlic, shallots, parsnips, oil, rosemary, salt and pepper in a large shallow roasting pan until well mixed. Spread the vegetables out in one even layer and roast, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are browned and tender, about 40 minutes., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for greasing, 4 large carrots, cut lengthwise in half, 4 cloves garlic, 4 shallots, cut lengthwise in half, 3 parsnips, cut lengthwise in half, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper], title: Rosemary Roasted Root Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 21627: {instructions: Combine all Ahi Poke ingredients and set aside. Combine all vinaigrette ingredients and set aside. In a lightly oiled hot wok, quickly cook the Ahi Poke in small batches. Toss with the miso vinaigrette. Place the lettuce leaves on four plates. Spoon the Ahi poke into the lettuce leaves. Garnish with the bean sprouts and red pepper., ingredients: [1 pound Ahi tuna, cubed, 1 tablespoon red Hawaiian salt or substitute kosher salt, 1 tablespoon kukui nuts or substitute macadamia nuts, chopped, 12 cup fresh ogo seaweed, chopped fine, 14 cup green onions, chopped, 38 cup Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 tablespoon Shoyu Japanese soy sauce, 2 tablespoons miso paste, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablepsoons Mirin rice wine, 2 tablespoons Shoyu Japanese soy sauce, 1 teaspoon garlic, grated, 38 teaspoon ginger, grated, 2 tablespoons salad oil, such as canola, Salad garnish: butterhead lettuce, bean sprouts, and julienne red peppers], title: Wok Fried Ahi Poke Salad, picturelink: null}, 21628: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together all the ingredients until combined well. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with Asian noodle salad., ingredients: [12 cup chunky peanut butter, 1 tablespoon peeled  minced ginger root, 13 cup canned chicken broth, 2 teaspoons honey, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 3 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon minced garlic], title: Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 21629: {instructions: Remove and discard the hard outer pods of the dried tamarind. Combine the remaining dried tamarind or the prepared pulp with the water and bring to a boil. Cook over medium heat about 30 minutes, or until the flesh is very soft, occasionally stirring and mashing with a whisk to break up the flesh and separate the seeds.nStrain and discard the solids. Cool to room temperature and chill. Serve in tall glasses with plenty of ice., ingredients: [1 12 pounds dried tamarind pods or 1 pound pulp with seeds, 1 gallon water, 1 cup sugar], title: Tamarind Water, picturelink: null}, 21630: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nIn a large bowl, combine ground beef, seasoning packet, ketchup, bread crumbs, and egg. Mix until just combined do not overmix. Shape into hot dog forms. Grill for approximately 8 to 10 minutes. Serve on hot dog buns with more ketchup, relish, and chopped onions., ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground beef, 1 packet meatloaf seasoning recommended: Schillings Meatloaf Seasoning Packet, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 14 cup bread crumbs, 1 egg, Hot dog buns, Relish and chopped onion, for garnish], title: Hamburger Dogs, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 21631: {instructions: Melt the butter over low heat and cook onions until translucent, and then remove the onions from heat. Fold in the bread crumbs, apples, raisins, orange zest, and caraway, and season with salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCut a pocket into the pork loin between the meat and outer layer of fat, the pocket should be shy of reaching each end of the loin by one inch. Fill the pocket with the stuffing. Roll loin up lengthways closing the stuffed pocket and tie with a string. Score the rind of pork with a sharp knife.nWhisk together cider and sour cream and place in a casserole equal to the size of the pork. Place pork in casserole rind side down and bake for 30 minutes.nAfter 30 minutes turn pork over and cook, rind side up, for another 30 minutes.nReduce heat to 350 degrees F and cook for another hour baste every 20 minutes with the pan juices or until you reach a internal temperature of 150 degrees F. Let rest for 20 minutes. Deglaze the roasting pan with 2 ounces white wine and season. Slice the meat and serve with the jus., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons chopped onion, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored, peeled, and chopped, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 orange, zested, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, Salt and pepper, 4 pound boned pork loin, 1 cup apple cider, 1 cup sour cream, 2 ounces white wine], title: Roasted Pork Loin with Apple and Caraway Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 21632: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add peppers and onions and cook until slightly tender. Add the ground beef and spices and cook until browned. Skim off excess grease. Add the diced tomatoes and soy black beans and simmer for about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.nTo serve, garnish chili with cilantro. If desired, top with shredded Cheddar or Jack cheese, sour cream, and sliced scallion tops., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 green bell pepper, large diced, 1 red bell pepper, large diced, 12 cup red onion, large diced, 2 12 pounds ground chuck, 4 tablespoons chili powder, 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 3 Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 15ounce can soy black beans, drained and rinsed, optional, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Southwestern Chili Con Carne, picturelink: IhT7zboCfSrU4H6sZhgmFNXZkWetRi}, 21633: {instructions: In a large straightsided skillet, melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add shallots and chestnuts. Sprinkle with sugar and cook, stirring until beginning to brown, and the sugar caramelizes in bottom of pan, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd fennel and stock. Bring stock to a boil scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of pan. Add salt and pepper. Reduce to simmer, cover, and cook until fennel is tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, 20 to 30 minutes. Uncover and return to a boil. Cook until liquid is reduced and syrupy, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 small shallots, peeled stem ends left intact, 8 ounces chestnuts, peeled available at specialty stores, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 large fennel bulbs about 5 pounds, trimmed and cut lengthwise into sixths, fronds reserved for garnish, 2 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 12 teaspoons coarse salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper], title: Braised Fennel with Chestnuts and Shallots, picturelink: null}, 21634: {instructions: Frost cupcakes. Sprinkle center with Coconut Grass. Top with the Jordan almonds.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup cupcake tins with paper liners. To avoid cupcakes sticking if they overflow slightly, lightly spray the tops of the pans. Put tins on a baking sheet. Set aside.nProcess sugar and butter in a food processor until very creamy, scraping sides as needed, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the eggs and yolks, one at a time, pulsing after each addition. Add the milk, water, and vanilla and process to blend.nWhisk both flours, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Add the dry ingredients, in 3 batches to the wet, pulsing, and then scraping batter off the sides of the processor as needed after each addition. Process until the batter is very smooth, about 2 minutes.nEvenly pour the batter into the prepared cups, filling them 34 of the way full. Bake until the cakes are just firm and spring back when gently pressed, and the tops are golden, 18 to 25 minutes. Cool slightly in tin, and turn out of tin when cool enough to handle. Cool cupcakes completely on a rack before frosting.nWhisk the milk and vanilla extract together in a small bowl.nSlowly beat the butter and sugar, in another medium bowl, with an electric mixer until incorporated. Raise the speed to high and mix until light and fluffy, about 5 to 7 minutes. Occasionally turn the mixer off, and scrape the sides of the bowl down with a rubber spatula. Add the fluff and salt and reduce the speed to low. Add the milk and vanilla mixture, scrape the bowl down, and mix until fully incorporated. Raise the mixer to high and beat briefly until fluffy, about 1 to 2 minutes. Frost cupcake immediately.nPreheat oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place a mesh rack on top, if available.nPut coconut in a shallow bowl. While tossing with a large spoon, add food coloring drop by drop until the desired color is reached see Cooks Note. A little more green than yellow makes a pretty grass color. Add a few tablespoons water to moisten the mixture and help disperse the color evenly. If the color is too dark, add additional water, as needed, to dilute to the desired color. Drain the coconut in a sieve or strainer.nSpread the coconut in an even layer on the rack, or directly on the lined baking sheet. Place in the oven until dry, about 10 to 15 minutes. Use immediately, or store in covered container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 Vanilla Cupcakes, recipe follows, White Fluff Frosting, recipe follows, Green Coconut Grass, recipe follows, 3 candied pastel Jordan almonds, 2 23 cups sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 23 cup milk, 23 cup water, 2 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 23 cups allpurpose flour, 1 13 cups cake flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 5 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup marshmallow fluff, Pinch fine salt, 2 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 1 to 2 teaspoons liquid green food coloring, 12 to 1 teaspoon liquid yellow food coloring], title: Almond Easter Egg Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 21635: {instructions: Pour the kombucha and rum into a rocks glass filled with ice. Stir gently to combine. Serve garnished with a lime wedge., ingredients: [3 ounces passion fruitflavored kombucha, 2 ounces coconut rum, Lime wedge, for garnish], title: Kombuchachacha, picturelink: CilQdpsQJplBtcSkduptZFGnmRjxiK}, 21636: {instructions: Special equipment: Parchment papernPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and coat with nonstick cooking spray.nCombine the oil, garlic, oregano and pepper flakes in a small bowl. Arrange the polenta, tomato and onion slices on the prepared baking sheets. Brush the tops of the polenta and vegetables with the herbed oil. Sprinkle the vegetables with 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Roast until the vegetables are soft and beginning to caramelize, about 25 minutes.nGently combine the ground beef with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. Shape into 8 patties about 2 12 inches across and 12 inch thick. Spray both sides with nonstick cooking spray. Heat a large nonstick skillet on high for two minutes and arrange the patties in the skillet spaced evenly apart. Reduce to medium high and cook for about 1 12 minutes per side for mediumrare. Allow patties to rest for 5 minutes before assembling sliders.nAssemble the sliders: On a work surface, place 8 polenta rounds herbside down and top with 3 basil leaves, slightly overlapped on each. Top basil with a patty, tomato and onion slices. Sandwich with the remaining polenta rounds, herbside up, and serve 2 sliders per person., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, One 24ounce tube prepared polenta, sliced into sixteen 13inch thick slices, 2 medium tomatoes, cut into eight 14inch thick slices, 2 small red onions, sliced into eight 14inch thick rounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces lean ground beef, 24 fresh basil leaves], title: Polenta Sliders, picturelink: gcK2mqJbKE7IhW0Z92kDkMzhH3le}, 21637: {instructions: Heat lard in a heavy saucepan. Add garlic and saute 1 minute. Add rice and saute gently 12 minutes. Add water and salt and bring to a boil. Lower the heat, cover tightly and cook for 1520 minutes, or until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed. Fluff with a fork and add chopped parsley. Serve on a platter with shrimp in the middle., ingredients: [1 tablespoon lard or vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, 2 cups rice, washed and drained, 3 12 cups water or chicken stock, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves], title: Arroz Graneado, picturelink: null}, 21638: {instructions: Make the spicy slaw: Stir the vinegar, sugar, sambal oelek and salt together in a large bowl until the sugar is dissolved. Add the red cabbage, mix well, cover and refrigerate for at least 3 hours or preferably overnight.nMarinate the chicken: Whisk together the soy sauce, sugar, gochujang, ginger and sesame oil in a large bowl. Add the chicken strips and mix thoroughly. Cover the bowl and marinate for at least 1 hour or preferably overnight.nMake the sriracha aioli: Mix the mayonnaise and sriracha until combined. Taste for spiciness and add more sriracha if needed.nHeat the vegetable oil in a skillet over high heat, add the chicken and saute, stirring occasionally, until cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes.nWarm the tortillas in a griddle or wrapped in damp paper towels in the microwave. Place the warmed tortillas on plates double them if using storebought tortillas. Divide the sauteed chicken among the tortillas, top with sriracha aioli, and then some slaw., ingredients: [2 cups distilled white vinegar, 13 cup sugar or agave nectar, 14 cup sambal oelek chile paste, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 small head red cabbage, halved, cored and shredded, 12 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons sugar or agave nectar, 2 tablespoons gochujang Korean chile paste, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 12 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, thinly sliced crosswise, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 32 corn tortillas if using handmade tortillas, youll only need 16, 1 cup heavyduty mayo no wimpy stuff, 14 cup sriracha chile sauce, plus more if necessary], title: Pak Bulgogi Korean BBQ Chicken Tacos with Spicy Slaw and Sriracha Aioli, picturelink: null}, 21639: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a stainless steel saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the spices and stir to toast for 2 minutes. Add the water and sugar. Stir to dissolve the sugar. Add the thyme and lemon peel, cover, reduce the heat, and let simmer for 5 minutes. After 5 minutes remove from the heat, let steep and come to room temperature. Chill before using.nTo serve, fill 4 cocktail glasses with ice. Add 14 cup spiced simple syrup to each glass. Top with 1 ounce gin, if using and the club soda., ingredients: [4 whole star anise, 1 tablespoon pink peppercorns, plus more for garnish, 1 teaspoon whole allspice, 2 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 12 bunch fresh thyme, 1 2inch strip lemon zest, Ice cubes, Gin, optional, 1 liter chilled club soda], title: Savory Spiced Soda, picturelink: YJXAQqdeyryXPWrLjPVa.4xclev6hy}, 21640: {instructions: Fill a large, heavybottomed pot halfway with oil and preheat the oil to 350 degrees F.nWings: Season the chicken with salt, pepper and seasoning salt, to taste. Sprinkle with fresh parsley and coat the chicken completely with yellow mustard. Toss the chicken in the flour until completely covered. Add the drumettes to the oil, in 2 batches, and fry until cooked through and they start to float, about 10 minutes.nAdd the lemon juice to a large bowl. Carefully remove the chicken pieces from the oil and toss in the lemon juice, then sprinkle with lemon pepper seasoning. Transfer the drumettes to a serving dish and serve with the dipping sauce.nDipping sauce: Mix the mayonnaise, lemon juice and lemon zest in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFood Network Kitchens have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 36 chicken drumettes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Seasoning salt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 cups yellow mustard, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 lemons, juiced, Lemonpepper seasoning, 1 30ounce jar mayonnaise, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lemon Pepper Chicken Wings, picturelink: 5IOyVa3ZWWtUcEGw1pt3d1bAHqb0Daa}, 21641: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheet with heavyduty foil place a cooling rack on one of the pans.n2. Pulse the pretzels in a food processor until finely ground. Pour the pretzel crumbs onto the baking sheet without the cooling rack. Add the panko and olive oil and stir to combine. Bake, stirring once, until the crumbs are slightly brown, about 5 minutes allow the crumbs to cool.n3. Pour the flour onto a large piece of foil. Whisk together the buttermilk, 14 cup of the mustard, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Sprinkle the chicken thighs on both sides with a pinch of salt and pepper. Set up a breading station, starting with the chicken and followed by the flour, the buttermilk mixture, the pretzel crumb mixture and the pan fitted with a rack.n4. Dredge each piece of chicken first in the flour, then in the buttermilk mixture and then in the pretzel crumb mixture, making sure to press the pretzel coating into the chicken place the chicken pieces on the rack. Bake until the chicken is brown and crispy, about 35 minutes, flipping the pieces halfway through cooking. Let cool 10 minutes, flipping the pieces halfway through so they stay crisp on both sides.n5. While the chicken cooks, put the pineapple chunks with their syrup, the remaining heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a small saucepan and cook over medium heat until the sauce is slightly thickened and resembles apple sauce, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly.n6. Place the chicken on a serving platter along with the pineapple dipping sauce. Be sure to serve the chicken in one even layer so the breading does not steam. Sprinkle both the chicken and the sauce with the chopped chives., ingredients: [5 ounces salted pretzels, 1 14 cups panko breadcrumbs, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup buttermilk, 14 cup plus 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 boneless skinless chicken thighs about 1 12 pounds, 6 ounces canned pineapple chunks in heavy syrup, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: PretzelCoated Chicken Thighs with Pineapple Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 21642: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8inch cake pan thats at least 2inches deep Before baking, the batter should not fill the pan more than halfway.nFor the strawberry shortcake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour an 8inch cake pan.nSift together the flour, cornstarch, baking soda and salt. In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter with 1 12 cups of the granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add the sour cream and vanilla, and mix until combined. Add the sifted dry ingredients and mix on low speed until just barely combined.nPour the batter into the prepared cake pan. Bake until no longer jiggly like my bottom, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove the cake from the pan as soon as you pull it out of the oven. Place the cake on a cooling rack and allow it to cool completely.nStem and halve the strawberries, and mash then them. Sprinkle the strawberries with the remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar and allow to sit for 30 minutes.nFor the icing: Combine the powdered sugar, cream cheese, butter, vanilla and dash of salt in a mixing bowl. Mix until very light and fluffy.nSlice the cake in half to make 2 smaller cakes. Spread the strawberries evenly over each cut side of the cake halves, pouring on all the juices as well. Place the cake halves into the freezer for 5 minutes, just to make icing the cake easier.nRemove the cake halves from the freezer. Use a little less than onethird of the icing to spread over the top of the strawberries on the bottom layer. Place the second layer of cake on top. Add half of the remaining icing to the top spreading evenly, then spread the remaining icing around the sides.nLeave plain or garnish with strawberry halves. Serve slightly cool., ingredients: [9 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 3 whole large eggs, 12 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pound strawberries, plus more to garnish, optional, 1 12 pounds powdered sugar, sifted, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Dash salt], title: Strawberry Shortcake Cake, picturelink: K8DYRQ9noAGTUuoxNRhFOjctyJWCpdq}, 21643: {instructions: The thing I like most about a recipe like this is that you have a chance to showcase your favorite type of cheese in a way thats hard for people to resist. I like goat cheese for the tang factor and the supple texture. This goes great with a bowl of my chicken soup but can really fit in with any soup for the comfort factor.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, shut off the heat and add the thyme leaves. The thyme should make a crackling sound as it hits the oil, cooking it slightly and mellowing the flavor. Add the bread in a single layer. Turn the heat back on and cook over medium heat until the first side browns, 2 to 3 minutes.nUse a pair of tongs to turn the toasts on their second side and season with kosher salt. Top each round with a slice of cheese and continue cooking them over very low heat or off the heat, an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Adjust the seasonings with sea salt, to taste. Serve alone or alongside soup, if desired., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 to 5 sprigs fresh thyme, washed, dried and stemmed, 1 loaf Italian bread, cut into 16 1inch thick rounds on a bias, Kosher salt, 16 ounces fresh, tangy goat cheese, preferably in log form, cut into 16 slices, Sea salt], title: Cheese on Toast, picturelink: null}, 21644: {instructions: Toss 1 cup each diced mango and black beans with 14 cup diced red onion. Add 2 tablespoons each chopped pickled jalapenos and the liquid from the jar, chopped cilantro and lime juice. Season with salt. Serve in tortilla scoops., ingredients: [], title: Mango Salsa Scoops, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 21645: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStir all ingredients except dippers in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until cheese melts and mixture is smooth. Transfer mixture to a fondue pot, chafing dish, or ceramic bowl. Serve with bread, jicama, tortilla chips, and tortillas., ingredients: [1 10 34ounce can Cheddar cheese soup, 1 8ounce package shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 cup chunky chipotle salsa, 1 cup whole milk], title: Fiesta Fondue, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 21646: {instructions: Cut the kernels from the corn and add to a medium bowl. After you cut the kernels off the cob, use your knife to scrape off all the remaining pulp and milk from the cob. You can use the trusty Bundt pan trick if you feel like it. Place the corn in the center hole of a Bundt pan and slice the kernels from the ear of corn. The pan will catch all the corn and keep you from making a mess.nAdd 2 tablespoons of the butter and the bacon to a large skillet and set over medium heat. Cook the bacon, while stirring, until crisp, about 4 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a papertowellined plate. Add the onions to the skillet and saute until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the corn and its pulp, the remaining butter and the thyme. Saute the corn until the thyme is fragrant and the corn is starting to turn ever so slightly golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in the cream and chicken stock and simmer until the corn is just tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Swirl in the reserved cooked bacon and the sliced green onions., ingredients: [6 ears corn, husked, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 slices bacon, sliced into 12inch pieces, 12 small Vidalia onion, minced, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Creamed Corn and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 21647: {instructions: Combine the lamb, pork fatback, mint, chipotles, chives, black pepper, orange zest and 2 tablespoons salt in a bowl. Transfer to a large plastic ziptop bag and refrigerate overnight.nAt least 30 minutes before grinding the meat, place all of your tools including the meat grinder parts, stand mixer bowl, stand mixer paddle attachment and sausage stuffer parts in the freezer to chill.nUsing your meat grinder, grind the marinated meat mixture through the small die plate into the chilled bowl of the stand mixer. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes, then return the mixture to the mixer. Add the milk and wine and beat on medium speed using the chilled paddle attachment until combined. Refrigerate until ready to use.nStuff the sausages and, for best results, refrigerate overnight.nBefore cooking, pierce each sausage several times with a pin. Grill over medium heat until the center registers 160 degrees F, 10 to 12 minutes. You can also panfry or broil the sausages. Slice the sausages lengthwise and serve on a split toasted baguette with crumbled feta and roasted peppers.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [3 pounds lamb shoulder, fat and sinew trimmed, cubed, 1 pound pork fatback, cubed, 1 cup chopped fresh mint, 3 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, minced about 2 ounces, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, Finely grated zest of 1 orange, Kosher salt, 12 cup cold whole milk, chilled, 12 cup red wine, chilled, 1 8foot hog casing, soaked in water 30 minutes and then flushed with water, Baguette or crusty rolls, for serving, Crumbled feta cheese, for serving, Roasted red peppers, for serving], title: Spicy Lamb and Mint Sausage, picturelink: HEd9TRxCu9Zm19pU3h5TkutRBiY17q.}, 21648: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the mozzarella atop 1 bread slice. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the tomato slices and then the basil leaves. Top with the second bread slice. Brush both sides of the sandwich with the oil.nHeat a grill pan over mediumlow heat. Grill the sandwich until the bread is golden brown and the cheese melts, pressing down with a metal spatula or grill press, about 4 minutes per side., ingredients: [2 slices 12inchthick about 2 ounces fresh mozzarella, 2 slices 12inchthick rustic white bread, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 slices 14inchthick tomato, 6 medium fresh basil leaves or 3 large, 2 teaspoons about olive oil], title: Panino alla Margherita, picturelink: cnC1yU09c3Fo.qic9dTuDQrg6ojPl2e}, 21649: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace asparagus in a large plastic bag. Drizzle half the olive oil over the asparagus, seal the bag and shake until asparagus is coated evenly with the olive oil. If necessary, add only enough of the remaining olive oil to coat the asparagus. Place the asparagus in a single layer on a cookie sheet, season with salt and pepper. Bake until tender or crunchy depending upon your preference, about 12 to 20 minutes.nTips: Shortcut chef Toss asparagus with oil, salt and pepper as directed below and store in refrigerator until youre ready to bake it off. Get into the habit of spending 5 to 15 minutes prepping tonight or tomorrows dinner during the day and you will be eating in more than out. The weight will come off quicker with home cooked healthful meals and you know it.nTip: From moms lips to your ears: You forgot to tell them to snap off the woody bottoms. Tell em to hold asparagus, one at a time, in their hands near the cut end and snap it like kindling. Mother Nature saw to it that the asparagus breaks in just the right spot, save the ends for stock.nMorph: Serve one other simple veggie side and a piece of oven baked fish such as salmon and dinner is all done. Cook off extra asparagus and throw it into a frittata, polenta, or pasta later in the week.nIf the Queens coming for dinner, toss cooked asparagus with fresh lemon, plate and garnish with thin curls of Parmesan.nTip: Asparagus starts losing its sweetness the minute its cut, therefore, as always, look for the freshest stalks possible. Skins should be smooth and bright colored with tightly formed heads., ingredients: [2 bunches asparagus, washed, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper], title: Baked Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 21650: {instructions: Combine 1 cup sour cherry juice, 34 cup sugar and 12 cup water in a medium skillet cook over mediumhigh heat until syrupy, about 15 minutes. Stir in 1 teaspoon almond extract let cool. Add seltzer.nFor each drink, combine 2 to 4 tablespoons flavored syrup with 1 cup cold seltzer in an icefilled glass.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: CherryAlmond Soda, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 21651: {}, 21652: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and salt it generously. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Reserve 14 cup of the cooking liquid. Drain the pasta and set aside.nSprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil to a large pan over mediumhigh heat. Cook the chicken until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F, about 5 minutes per side. Remove the chicken and slice it into strips.nAdd 1 tablespoon olive oil to the pan. Add the garlic and shallot and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until fragrant, 1 minute. Add the lemon juice and sugar snap peas and cook, 2 minutes. Add the reserved pasta water and the frozen peas. Cook until the peas are just cooked through, 2 minutes more.nAdd the cooked pasta, spinach, sliced chicken, chopped basil, chopped parsley and the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Toss all the ingredients together to coat, season with additional salt and pepper and garnish with parsley leaves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound vegetable penne pasta, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 12 cups trimmed and sliced sugar snap peas, One 10ounce bag frozen peas, 3 cups baby spinach, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus additional leaves for serving], title: Lemon Herb Chicken Pasta with Green Peas, Snap Peas and Spinach, picturelink: K9SSu6Qv1bt3x2FuaSwiCNx5fm33mK}, 21653: {instructions: Blanch the tomato in boiling, salted water for about 15 seconds. Drain and plunge into ice water. Drain and peel. Cube the tomatoes and drain again to remove excess moisture. Cut the slices of bread in half and toast them on both sides until golden brown and crispy.nPeel the garlic and cut in halves. Rub the toasted slices of bread with the garlic and drizzle each with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Top the slices with crushed tomato pulp. Season with salt and pepper.nServe immediately.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [8 ripe tomatoes, 8 slices large country bread, 8 cloves garlic, 16 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 21654: {instructions: For the Cajun clams: In a bowl, add the milk, seafood seasoning, lemon zest, a nice pinch of salt and a few good grinds of pepper. Whisk until the salt dissolves. Add the clams, and then soak in the refrigerator for 2 hours.nFor the dredge mixture: In a brown paper bag or bowl, add the cornmeal, flour, seafood seasoning, a nice pinch of salt and a few good grinds of pepper. Stir to combine. Using tongs or a slotted spoon, remove the clams from the bowl, shaking off any excess milk. Drop them into the flour mixture and shake or stir to coat. Place the clams on a baking sheet fitted with a wire rack and rest 15 minutes.nIn a heavybottomed pot, add enough oil to reach 4 inches up the sides. Heat the oil over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 365 degrees F. Fry the clams in batches until golden brown, about 30 seconds to 1 minute, depending on the size of the clams. Remove from the oil to a papertowellined plate and season lightly with salt.nServe with a spritz of lemon juice, cocktail sauce and tartar sauce, but Im having it with a side of burger., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, Zest of 2 lemons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 ounces fresh shucked longneck or softshell clams, 1 cup fine cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying, Serving suggestions: lemon wedges, cocktail sauce and tartar sauce], title: Sunnys Easy Fried Cajun Clams, picturelink: ve13EJnttEHHCtqWGBt0rE91O1cp0a}, 21655: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small pot, combine the water and sugar and bring to a gentle boil over medium heat. Set aside to cool.nPlace the apples on a flat surface. Using a mandoline or sharp knife, cut each one, placing the core end of the apple in front of the blade, into rounds as thin as you can manage. Remove any seeds as you cut and sprinkle them with lemon juice. Submerge the apple slices in the syrup and allow them to rest for a few hours or, even better, overnight.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nRemove some of the apples from the syrup and lightly dry them on a kitchen towel. Place them in a single layer on a baking sheet with parchment or on a tray fitted with a baking rack. Note: you may want to place something heavy, like a metal spoon, at each end of the paper to prevent the paper from folding over as the chips bake. Bake in the oven until crispy, about 1 hour., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 to 3 lemons, juiced, 2 small apples, preferably a crisp, flavorful variety like Royal Gala or Winesap, washed and dried], title: Apple Chips, picturelink: pO0RRxyIk.Z7jBWsEjRV9dSYS9vA7qS}, 21656: {instructions: Make the teriyaki sauce: In a medium saucepan over high heat, add the soy sauce, mirin, water, vinegar, brown sugar, garlic, and ginger. Stir to combine and bring it to a boil. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Mix the cornstarch with 1 tablespoon of water to form a slurry and add it to the boiling mixture. Cook and stir until the sauce thickens. Reduce the heat to low and keep warm.nSeason the codfish with salt and pepper, to taste. Dust the fillets lightly with flour, shaking off any excess. In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add a thin layer of oil. When the oil is hot, add the codfish and cook until its browned on both sides and cooked through, about 8 minutes. Remove the fish to a plate and keep warm. Cook the scallions in the same pan, adding more oil if necessary, until they are browned and have softened slightly.nHeat another saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add a thin layer of oil, and cook the ginger and chile pepper until they are softened, about 2 minutes. Carefully pour in the white wine and cook until it has almost evaporated. Stir in the heavy cream and reduce it by half. Pour in a 12 cup of the teriyaki sauce. Add the mussels, cover, and cook until the mussels have opened, about 5 minutes.nPut 2 scallions on each serving plate and arrange a piece of fish on top. Add a few mussels and spoon over some of the cream sauce. Drizzle each plate with extra teriyaki sauce and garnish with chervil leaves., ingredients: [12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 12 cup mirin, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 garlic clove, crushed, 1 tablespoon peeled and crushed ginger, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, plus 1 tablespoon water, for slurry, 4 6ounce codfish fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Canola oil, 8 large scallions, trimmed, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 1 small chile pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 pound mussels, Chervil leaves, for garnish], title: Codfish in Ginger Soy Cream, picturelink: null}, 21657: {instructions: In a small bowl mix truffle oil, butter, mascarpone cheese, and ground black pepper. Dip half of breadstick in mixture. Roll in salmon and dill and sprinkle with Parmesan. Lay out on parchment paper and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Serve chilled., ingredients: [12 teaspoon truffle oil, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, softened, Freshly ground black pepper, 24 thin breadsticks, 4 ounces smoked salmon, finely diced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Smoked Salmon Lollipop, picturelink: null}, 21658: {instructions: Thoroughly wash and dry lettuce. Break into bitesized pieces and place in a large salad bowl. Julienne carrot, cucumbers, and radish, and toss with greens.nWhisk dressing ingredients together in a bowl. Toss with salad just before serving., ingredients: [6 small heads limestone lettuce or other greens, 1 large carrot, peeled, 2 pickling cucumbers or kirbies, peeled, 1 small daikon radish, 2 tablespoons Thai fish sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Pernod, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh ginger], title: Limestone Lettuce with House Dressing, picturelink: null}, 21659: {instructions: STIR together flour, sugar and baking powder in large bowl.nBEAT egg with peanut butter in small bowl until blended. Stir in milk and oil. Add all at once to the dry ingredients, beating until blended.nHEAT skillet over mediumhigh heat or griddle to 375 degrees F. Spray with nostick cooking spray. Pour 2 tablespoons batter for each pancake onto skillet. Cook until bubbles break the surface. Turn and brown the other side.nSERVE with syrup, fresh fruit or powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 2 tbsps. sugar, 1 12 tbsps. baking powder, 1 large egg, 13 cup Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 1 cup milk, 2 tbsps. Criscou00ae Pure Canola Oil, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray], title: Peanut Butter Feather Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 21660: {instructions: Special equipment: One 9inch round baking dishnFor the prime rib: In a medium bowl, combine the mustards and peppercorns. Stir to blend until it forms a paste. Place the prime rib in the roasting pan fitted with a rack you intend to cook it in. Place the roast, fat side up, and spread the peppercorn paste over the whole top. If marinating, refrigerate overnight.nFor the Yorkshire pudding: In a medium bowl, combine the flour and salt. Stir to blend. Whisk in the eggs, one by one, and then the water. Refrigerate.nFor the prime rib: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the prime rib from the refrigerator about a half hour before cooking. This will allow the meat to come closer to room temperature and help the meat cook more evenly. Season the roast with salt. When the oven is hot, place the meat in the center of the oven. Allow it to cook 12 to 15 minutes per pound 2 12 to 3 hours. Cook until the meat reaches an internal temperature of 135 degrees F. When the roast is close to finished, remove the Yorkshire pudding mixture from the refrigerator to allow it to come close to room temperature. Then, remove the pan from the oven and allow the meat to rest at least 20 minutes before slicing.nTo finish the Yorkshire pudding: Raise the temperature of the oven to 400 degrees F and place the baking dish for the Yorkshire pudding inside.nWhisk all of the warm milk and some of the melted butter into the batter. When the baking dish is hot, carefully remove it from the oven and quickly add the remaining melted butter to the dish. Pour the batter over the butter and place the dish in the center of the oven. Bake in the oven until golden brown and puffy, 30 minutes. Cut into 8 wedges and serve immediately with a slice of prime rib and some of the pan drippings., ingredients: [14 cup smooth Dijon mustard, 14 cup grainy mustard, One 14 to 16pound, 7bone whole prime rib roast, 1 tablespoon whole white peppercorns, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon whole green peppercorns, 1 tablespoon whole Sichuan peppercorns, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 eggs, preferably at room temperature, 34 cup warm water, 34 cup warm milk, 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus a little extra for greasing the baking dish], title: Roast Prime Rib of Beef with Yorkshire Pudding, picturelink: EgGhDatmDPfvL9FEOoKsj2cCdHjOSKu}, 21661: {instructions: Mix in a blender. Serve in a large cocktail glass or champagne flute., ingredients: [1 scoop crushed ice, 12 banana, 14 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 34 ounces white rum], title: Banana Daiquiri, picturelink: null}, 21662: {instructions: You will need a large bread bowl, a rolling pin, and unglazed quarry tiles or several baking sheets, or alternatively a castiron or other heavy skillet or griddle at least 9 inches in diameter.nSprinkle the yeast over the warm water in a large bread bowl. Stir to dissolve. Add whole wheat flour, one cup at a time, then 1 cup white flour. Stir 100 times one minute in the same direction to activate the gluten in the flour. Let this sponge rest for at least 10 minutes or as long as 2 hours.nSprinkle salt over the sponge and stir in the olive oil. Mix well. Add white flour, one cup at a time. When the dough is too stiff to stir, turn it out onto a lightly floured bread board and knead for 8 to 10 minutes, until dough is smooth and elastic. Return the dough to a lightly oiled bread bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let rise until at least double in size, approximately 1 12 hours. Gently punch down. Dough can be made ahead to this point and then stored, covered, in the refrigerator for 5 days or less.nIf at this time you want to save the dough in the refrigerator for baking later, simply wrap it in a plastic bag that is at least three times the size of the dough, pull the bag together, and secure it just at the opening of the bag. This will give the dough a chance to expand when it is in the refrigerator which it will do. From day to day, simply cut off the amount of dough you need and keep the rest in the refrigerator, for up to one week. The dough will smell slightly fermented after a few days, but this simply improves the taste of the bread. Dough should be brought to room temperature before baking.nThis amount of dough will make approximately 16 pitas if rolled out into circles approximately 8 to 9 inches in diameter and less than 14inch thick. You can also of course make smaller breads. Size and shape all depend on you, but for breads of this dimension the following baking tips apply:nPlace unglazed quarry tiles, or a large baking stone or two baking sheets, on a rack in the bottom third of your oven, leaving a one inch gap all around to allow air to circulate. Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Divide dough in half, then set half aside, covered, while you work with the rest. Divide dough into eight equal pieces and flatten each piece with lightly floured hands. Roll out each piece to a circle 8 to 9 inches in diameter. You may wish to roll out all eight before starting to bake. Cover rolled out breads, but do not stack.nBake 2 at a time or more if your oven is larger directly on quarry tiles or baking sheets. Bake each bread for 3 or 4 minutes, until the bread has gone into a full balloon or until it is starting to turn lightly golden, whichever happens first. If there are seams or dry bits of dough  or for a variety of other reasons  your bread may not go into a full balloon. Dont worry, it will still taste great. The more you bake pitas the more you will become familiar with all the little tricks and pitfalls, and your breads will more consistently balloon. But even then, if youre like us, it wont always balloon fully and you wont mind because the taste will still be wonderful. When baked, remove, place on a rack for about five minutes to let cool slightly, then wrap breads in a large kitchen towel this will keep the breads soft. When first half of the dough has been rolled out and baked, repeat for rest of dough, or store in refrigerator for later use, as described above. You can also divide the dough into more, smaller pieces if you wish, to give you smaller breads., ingredients: [1 teaspoon dry yeast, 2 12 cups warm water approximately 105 degrees F, 2 cups whole wheat flour, About 4 cups unbleached allpurpose or bread flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Pita Bread, picturelink: null}, 21663: {instructions: In a pitcher full of ice, stir in liquids and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups Campari, 1 12 cups grapefruit juice, 12 cup orange juice], title: Campari Cooler, picturelink: null}, 21664: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour beer into a large pitcher. Add stillfrozen limeade and stir to combine. Stirring with a metal utensil can reduce foam. Allow foam to settle. Squeeze half a lime into pitcher. Finely slice the other lime half and place into pitcher, for garnish. Pour into chilled glasses and serve cold., ingredients: [1 6pack light beer, 1 can frozen limeade, 1 lime, sliced in half], title: Lime Beer Cocktail, picturelink: ibprAQqwCtHvyrXLau6X9.YMySSwWom}, 21665: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8inch square baking pan and dust it with the cocoa powder, tapping out the excess.nFill a medium saucepan 13 full of water and bring it to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Put the butter, chocolate and espresso powder in a heatproof bowl, set it on the saucepan and turn off the heat. Let the bowl stand for about 5 minutes until the chocolate mixture is melted. Stir together until very smooth. Stir in the sugar until dissolved. Remove the bowl from the saucepan let cool to room temperature.nSqueeze any excess moisture from the spinach and put it in a food processor. Add the vanilla and 1 tablespoon of water and puree until very smooth. Add the spinach puree and eggs to the cooled chocolate mixture and whisk until well combined.nWhisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl until combined. Add the wet ingredients to the dry and fold with a rubber spatula until combined. Add the chocolate chips and stir to combine. Pour the batter into the prepared pan use an offset spatula to spread the batter evenly. Bake until set and a toothpick inserted in the center still has a few moist crumbs stuck to it, about 25 minutes.nCool the brownies completely in the pan before cutting., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the pan, 3 tablespoons cocoa powder, plus more for dusting the pan, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup frozen chopped spinach, thawed, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, beaten, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Fudgy ChocolateSpinach Brownies, picturelink: HhYdDXxDbzwhHLe1.goqxLudzP6auDG}, 21666: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPrick eggplant with a fork and place on a cookie sheet lined with foil. Bake the eggplant until it is soft inside, about 20 minutes. Alternatively, grill the eggplant over a gas grill, rotating it around until the skin is completely charred, about 10 minutes. Let the eggplant cool. Cut the eggplant in half lengthwise, drain off the liquid, and scoop the pulp into a food processor. Process the eggplant until smooth and transfer to a medium bowl.nOn a cutting board, work garlic and 14 teaspoon salt together with the flat side of a knife, until it forms a paste. Add the garlicsalt mixture to the eggplant. Stir in the parsley, tahini, and lemon juice. Season with more salt, to taste. Garnish with additional parsley., ingredients: [1 glove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons tahini, 2 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Babaganoush, picturelink: gKHvyYPCDJGmV65pf4CECkSVUCUzp2}, 21667: {instructions: Cut the beef into thin strips and slice the onion. Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large skillet over a high flame. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Saute the beef until it just begins to brown. Add the orange juice, bouillon cubes and pepper flakes. Simmer until the beef is just done. If the sauce is thin, strain through a colander, reserving the beef. Return the sauce to a saucepan over a high heat. Reduce until the sauce reaches a desirable consistency or thicken with a little cornstarch., ingredients: [2 pounds beef top round, 2 small onions, 2 tablespoons cooking oil, 12 can orange juice concentrate, 2 cubes beef bouillon, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes], title: Spicy Orange Beef, picturelink: null}, 21668: {instructions: In a large saucepan set over moderate heat, warm the oil until it is hot, add the onion, carrot, salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, gingerroot, curry powder or Garam Masala, lemon pepper seasoning, herbs de Provence and bay leaves, and cook, stirring occasionally for 2 minutes. Add the water and bouillon cube and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 minutes more, or until mixture has thickened. Add the lentils, and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 minutes more, or until flavors have blended. Discard bay leaves.nBefore serving, stir in the lemon juice and drizzle with the extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small onion, minced, 1 carrot, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 3 tomatoes, cored and diced, 1 teaspoon minced fresh gingerroot, 12 teaspoon hot or medium Madras curry powder or Garam Masala, 12 teaspoon lemon pepper seasoning, 12 teaspoon herbs de Provence, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup water, 1 chicken bouillon cube, 4 cups precooked brown lentils, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, Extra virgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Lucas Lentils, picturelink: null}, 21669: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a heavy skillet or grill over mediumlow heat.nIn a medium bowl, mix the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Set aside.nIn a separate bowl, mix the evaporated milk, lemon zest and juice. Allow to sit for 5 minutes, then add the egg and vanilla. Mix to combine.nPour the wet mixture into the dry ingredients. Stir gently to combine. Stir in the melted butter. Splash in more evaporated milk if the mixture is overly thick. Stir in the blueberries.nMelt a little of the softened butter in the heated skillet. Drop the batter by 14 or 13 cup measures and fry the pancakes on both sides for a couple of minutes until golden.nServe with more softened butter and warm syrup., ingredients: [1 12 cups plus 1 tablespoon cake flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 heaping tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups evaporated milk more if needed, 1 lemon, zested and juiced more juice if lemon isnt very juicy, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, plus more softened for serving, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 1 cup blueberries, Maple or pancake syrup, warmed, for serving], title: Lemon Blueberry Pancakes, picturelink: ZYsfVuAbRD96qpMKKrvudtdzrIFY1jW}, 21670: {instructions: Place shrimp shells on a tray in a 300 degree F. oven for 30 minutes to dry. Remove. Place 12 cup dry vermouth in a casserole pan on a gentle heat, add the fish fillets and season with salt and cayenne pepper. Cover the pan and poach fish for 5 minutes. Place shrimp shells in a blender with 14 cup dry vermouth and the melted butter. Blend until a thick paste is obtained. Place sole fillets on a heated serving dish and keep warm. Place the shrimp shell paste in the top of a double boiler on the heat and add 58ths cup fish poaching stock, the bay leaf, thyme and a pinch of saffron and allow mixture to infuse for 5 minutes. Place the mussels in a pan on a high heat with dry white wine and cover pan. Cook a few minutes, shaking pan from time to time. Remove mussels from shells. Sieve shrimp shell mixture into scalded cream  combine. Mix egg yolks with a little of the sauce and then combine with the rest of the sauce. Heat gently until thickened and add brandy. Garnish fish with shelled mussels and cooked shrimp and coat with sauce., ingredients: [1 pound cooked shrimp plus their shells, 34 cup dry vermouth, 1 whole sole cut into 4 fillets, black skin and head removed, Salt, cayenne pepper, 1 12 tablespoons melted butter, 58 cup fish poaching stock, 1 bay leaf, Sprig of thyme, Pinch saffron, 1 dozen mussels, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 cup cream, scalded, 3 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon brandy], title: Filets de Sole Baumaniere, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 21671: {instructions: In a heated saute pan, Chef heats oil. Saute carrot, then snap peas and scallions until tender but still crisp. Chef seasons to taste with soy sauce. Serve over rice and garnish with scallions., ingredients: [1 carrot, thinly sliced, 1 bunch of scallions, 3 sliced,1 kept whole for garnish, Handful of sugar snap peas, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 4 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 cups cooked rice], title: Sauteed Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 21672: {instructions: In a heavy bottom pan, saute the onion and garlic until cooked. Add the curry powder and herbs and cook for 1 minute. Add the potato and flaked cod fish to the pan and mix together. Season with salt and pepper. Add enough cream to make the mixture workable. On a floured surface, shape the fish cakes and fry in shallow oil on each side for 5 to 6 minutes over a medium heat., ingredients: [3 ounces chopped onion, 12ounce chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1ounce curry powder, 1ounce fresh chopped thyme, 1ounce fresh chopped parsley, 1 pound cooked, roughly smashed potatoes, 8 ounces salted cod fish soaked and rinsed 3 times over the previous 24 hours in the refrigerator, poached in water for 8 minutes, Salt and pepper, to taste, Cream, 2 ounces flour, Oil, for frying], title: Bermuda Fish Cakes, picturelink: null}, 21673: {instructions: Heat the butter in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring until smooth, for 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in the beer so the mixture is smooth. Simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes. Add the Cheddar, Gouda, sour cream, mustard and paprika and whisk until the cheeses are melted, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the jalapenos, and season with salt and pepper. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup pale ale beer, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, 1 cup grated smoked Gouda, 14 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon ground mustard, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 12 tablespoons minced pickled jalapenos, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Smoked Gouda Beer Dip, picturelink: bhidZb.TFqB2ETYy2tHX3Z7mgtzT1q}, 21674: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat heat, whisk together the marinade, curry paste, brown sugar, coconut milk, white wine, and 1 tablespoon of the garlic. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer until sauce thickens and is reduced by half, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside, keeping warm.nHeat the butter in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add mussels and the remaining 1 tablespoon garlic and stir well to coat the mussels. Add the reserved sauce to mussels, cover and let simmer until mussels start to open, about 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a shallow bowl, discarding any unopened mussels.nIf mussels are not available substitute with 12 ounce bag of raw large count shrimp, ingredients: [3 tablespoons Thai Ginger Marinade, 1 tablespoon red curry paste, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 13.5 ounce can coconut milk shake before using, 12 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 pound fresh or frozen mussels, rinsed, debearded and drained], title: Coconut Curry Mussels, picturelink: null}, 21675: {instructions: Heat a grill pan over medium low to medium heat. Heat oil and garlic in a small pot over low heat. Brush 4 slices of the bread with garlic oil on 1 side. Place garlic oil side down on the grill. Top with sliced cheese, tomato and basil. Place another slice of bread on top of each sandwich. Brush sandwiches with garlic oil. Press sandwiches with heavy skillet or a brick covered with tin foil. Toast sandwiches on both sides to melt cheese., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large clove garlic, cracked away from skin, 8 slices crusty Italian bread, 1 pound smoked fresh mozzarella cheese, sliced, 2 ripe tomatoes, thinly sliced, 8 basil leaves, torn], title: Italian Grilled CheesenTomato, picturelink: 7ANok2VpS3dLj69ClRz6XtdR9xQbCKe}, 21676: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nAdd the potatoes to a large pot and fill with enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil and add salt. Cook the potatoes until just tender. Drain well.nAdd the cooked potatoes to a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Divide the potatoes between sheets of tin foil and wrap well. Place on grill and cook until the potatoes are very tender, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds large russet potatoes, cubed, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 21677: {instructions: Place eggs in a blender and pulse a few times to break them up. Add milk, oil, flour and salt and blend until smooth. Heat a small 8 or 9inch nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Place a small amount of oil on a paper towel and rub it over the surface of the pan. Pour in 14 cup of the crepe batter and quickly swirl the pan around until it covers the entire bottom of the pan. Cook for 2 minutes, or until the crepe is set in the center. Loosen the edges with a spatula and turn the crepe over. Cook for 1 minute, or until very lightly browned, and remove from the pan. Repeat the process with the remaining batter, oiling the pan before cooking each crepe.nTo make the sauce: Place the chocolate chips, cream and sugar in a small saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes, or until the chocolate is melted and the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and serve warm.To serve: Fold the crepes in quarters and arrange three in the center of each plate. Top with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and spoon the chocolate sauce on top., ingredients: [4 eggs, 1 12 cups milk, 2 Tbs. canola oil, 1 cup flour, 12 tsp. salt, 23 cup chocolate chips, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup sugar, 1 pint vanilla ice cream], title: Crepes With Ice Cream and Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 21678: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh.nFor the mayonnaisecheese mixture:nCombine the mayonnaise and roasted peppers in a small bowl and mix well. Cover and chill until ready to use.nIn a separate small bowl, mash the cheese with a fork. Stir in the olives set aside.nPour the wine into a small, heavy fireproof saucepan and heat on the grill until the wine begins to simmer. Remove from the heat and add the dried mushrooms, stirring with a fork to ensure that all the mushrooms are moistened. Set the mushrooms aside to reconstitute for at least 30 minutes.nGently squeeze the excess liquid from the reconstituted mushrooms and chop, using a chefs knife. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the lamb, garlic, oregano, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper. Form into 6 equal patties in the shape of the rolls.nWhen the grill is ready, brush the grill rack with oil. Place the patties on the grill, cover, and cook for 4 minutes. With a spatula, turn the patties over, and cook an additional 4 minutes, or until done to preference. During the last few minutes of grilling, place the rolls, cut side down, on outer edges of grill to lightly toast.nTo assemble the burgers, spread the mayonnaise mixture over the bottom roll halves and the cheese mixture over the top halves. Layer the bottom rolls with the patties, sopressata, spinach leaves, tomato slices, and roll tops., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup roasted red peppers, chopped, 8 ounces goat feta cheese, crumbled, 12 cup chopped kalamata olives, 1 cup Shiraz recommended: Sutter Home, 12ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 2 pounds ground lamb, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing grill rack recommended: Colavita, 6 Italianstyle bolo rolls or other rustic buns, split, 12 thin slices sopressata, Italian salami variety, 1 cup loosely packed baby spinach leaves, 6 large tomato slices], title: Opa Burgers  winning Alternative Burger, picturelink: 2UJJXB9hQdetkN1gGAoREy4mybv6Ve}, 21679: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add shallots and garlic and cook for 2 minutes stirring with a spoon. Add chicken and cook 3 to 5 minutes, until golden brown on all sides. Add thyme and bay leaves and cook for 1 minute, or until fragrant. Add heavy cream and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to medium and simmer for 5 minutes, until chicken is cooked through. Add parmesan cheese and simmer for 1 minute or until sauce has thickened. Remove bay leaves and stir in chives. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nSpoon all but 1 heaping cup of chicken over rice. Reserve remaining chicken for Penne with Chicken, Wild Mushrooms and Peas, if desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup shallots, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 14 cup Parmesan, grated, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup rice, regular or instant, cooked according to package directions], title: Chicken in Parmesan Chive Cream Sauce, picturelink: NthkwcOK94jq4EfMHWBg05GUifPvbJ6}, 21680: {instructions: Stir the soup, 1 cup cheese, sour cream, black pepper, vegetables and 1 can onions in a 3quart shallow baking dish.nBake at 400 degrees F for 20 minutes or until the vegetable mixture is hot and bubbling. Stir the vegetable mixture. Sprinkle with the cheese and remaining onions.nBake for 5 minutes or until the onions are golden brown., ingredients: [1 can 26 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Mushroom Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 1 12 cup shredded Swiss cheese about 6 ounces, 23 cup sour cream, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 bags 16 ounces each frozen vegetable combination broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, cooked and drained, 2 can 2.8 ounces each Frenchsu00ae French Fried Onions 2 23 cups], title: CrowdPleasing Vegetable Casserole, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 21681: {instructions: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the ginger, shallots, and garlic. Cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables are soft and brown, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and carefully add the bourbon. Return the pan to the heat and with a wooden spoon scrape up any of the browned bits that cling to the bottom. Add the cider, jelly, molasses, bay leaf, coriander seeds, peppercorns, and sage. Bring to a boil and reduce until the mixture is syrupy and yields about 1 1u00bf2 cups, about 1 hour.nStrain and add lemon juice, salt, and black pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons finely grated peeled fresh ginger, 2 shallots, peeled and sliced, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 12 cups bourbon, 1 quart sweet apple cider, 1 cup apple jelly, 14 cup dark molasses, 1 bay leaf, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 sprigs fresh sage or 1 teaspoon dried sage, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cider Mop, picturelink: ejoAp5BaPXJK0ayZ1TBeN9OOb05HepS}, 21682: {instructions: In a pitcher combine 12 cup cinnamon vodka, 34 cup vanilla vodka, and 34 plain vodkanUsing a mini pumpkin as a glass, measure 3 ounces spiced vodka and 1 ounce Amaretto ., ingredients: [12 cup cinnamon vodka, 34 cup vanilla vodka, 34 plain vodka, 4 ounces Amareto], title: Spiced Martini, picturelink: null}, 21683: {instructions: Add the mayonnaise, vinegar, parsley, sugar, Worcestershire, pepper and salt in a large bowl and whisk until the sauce is combined and homogenous. Taste and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cups lowfat mayonnaise, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon white pepper, plus more, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more], title: White Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 21684: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot and cover with water by 1 inch. Add 1 tablespoon salt and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 15 to 25 minutes, depending on the size of the potatoes, until just tender. I use a small bamboo skewer to test them. Drain in a colander, cover the colander with a clean kitchen towel, and allow the potatoes to steam for 5 to 10 minutes. Cut them in quarters or halves, depending on their size, and place them in a large bowl.nMeanwhile, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, garlic, egg yolk, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. While whisking, slowly pour in the olive oil, making an emulsion. Stir in the wine and capers. While the potatoes are still very warm, pour half the vinaigrette on the potatoes and toss them gently, allowing them to soak up the vinaigrette. Stir in the scallions, celery, red onion and lobster and add enough vinaigrette to moisten. Reserve any remaining vinaigrette. Add the zest and juice of the lemon, the tarragon, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and toss carefully. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least an hour to allow the flavors to blend. Taste for seasonings and add more vinaigrette, if necessary. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 pounds unpeeled small Yukon Gold potatoes 1 12inch diameter, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons Champagne or white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 extralarge egg yolk, at room temperature optional, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good olive oil, 14 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons drained capers, 1 cup thinly sliced scallions 6 to 8 scallions, 12 cup 14inch diced celery, 12 cup 14inch diced red onion, 1 12 pounds cooked lobster meat, 1inchdiced, 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh tarragon], title: Lobster  Potato Salad, picturelink: 3QWbLHsg5GhavB.xI5BUMtUHAZtd7iC}, 21685: {instructions: Heat oven to 300 degrees F.nWhip the egg white with a whip attachment until stiff.nAdd the sugar, cinnamon, and salt and continue whipping until stiff and glossy. Fold in the walnuts.nDrop by spoonfuls onto a parchment lined sheet pan and bake 35 to 40 minutes. Cool and remove from the pan. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [1 egg white, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, Pinch salt, 1 to 2 cups chopped walnuts, toasted and cooled], title: Aunt Gretas Walnut Meringues, picturelink: null}, 21686: {instructions: Start with our stepbystep knish howto.nMake the dough: Put the flour in a food processor, then pulse as you pour the olive oil through the feed tube. Scrape down the sides of the processor and pulse again.nDissolve 1 teaspoon salt in the seltzer and vinegar in a liquid measuring cup. Pulse as you pour the liquid through the feed tube, 20 to 30 seconds. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth. Flatten into an even disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 2 hours.nMake the filling: Put the potatoes in a saucepan, cover with water and season with salt. Simmer until tender, 20 to 30 minutes. Drain and coarsely mash in a large bowl.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, garlic and 1 teaspoon salt. Cover and cook about 5 minutes uncover and cook, stirring, until browned, 15 to 20 more minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the kasha in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat and cook until toasted, about 4 minutes. Add 1 34 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt. Reduce the heat to medium, cover and cook until the water is absorbed, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Cool slightly, then add to the bowl with the potatoes. Add the onions and mash.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator 30 minutes before making the knishes. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F lightly brush a baking sheet with olive oil.nMake the knishes place 2 inches apart on the baking sheet. Bake 30 minutes brush with olive oil and continue baking until golden, 25 to 35 more minutes. Serve with mustard.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, Kosher salt, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons cold seltzer, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 1 12 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and quartered, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds Spanish onions, diced, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 cup whole or coarse kasha roasted buckwheat groats available in the bulk aisle or near the dried beans, Freshly ground pepper, Spicy mustard, for serving], title: PotatoKasha Knishes, picturelink: c1QNSOms5UG4TjdOn8uAg2l6xrGtfhu}, 21687: {instructions: For sauce:nMake filling: In a small saucepan bring water to a boil and remove pan from heat. Stir in the porcini. Soak the porcini 20 minutes. Lift out the porcini, squeezing out excess liquid, and reserve soaking liquid. In a sieve, rinse the porcini to remove any grit and pat dry. Chop the porcini and transfer to a large bowl. Simmer reserved soaking liquid until reduced to about 14 cup. Pour liquid through a sieve lined with a dampened paper towel into bowl with the porcini.nQuarter white mushrooms and in a food processor pulse in 3 batches until finely chopped. Cut zucchini into 14inch dice. Chop onion and mince garlic. In a 12inch heavy skillet heat 1 tablespoon butter over moderate heat until foam subsides and cook 13 white mushrooms with 2 tablespoons sherry, stirring, until liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated and they begin to brown. Add mushroom mixture to the porcini. Cook remaining mushrooms in 2 batches in butter with remaining sherry in same manner and add to the porcini mixture. In skillet cook zucchini in 1 tablespoon butter until tender and stir into the porcini mixture. In skillet cook onion in remaining tablespoon butter, stirring, until softened. Stir in garlic, thyme, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Stir onion into mushroom mixture until combined. Filling may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.nMake sauce: In a 3quart heavy saucepan melt butter over moderately low heat and whisk in flour. Cook roux, whisking, 3 minutes and whisk in milk. Bring sauce to a boil, whisking constantly, and simmer, whisking occasionally, 3 minutes. Stir in Parmesan, mustard, and salt. Remove pan from heat and cover surface of sauce with waxed paper. Sauce may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring sauce to room temperature before proceeding.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. and butter a 13 by 9inch 3quart baking dish.nAssemble lasagne: Spread 1 14 cups sauce in baking dish and cover with 3 pasta sheets, making sure they dont touch each other. Spread one third filling over pasta sheets in dish and top with 3 more pasta sheets, gently pressing down layers to remove air pockets. Top pasta sheets with 13 mozzarella. Continue layering in same manner with sauce, pasta sheets, filling, and mozzarella, ending with mozzarella dish will be filled to rim. Spread remaining sauce over top and sprinkle with Parmesan. On a foillined large baking sheet, bake lasagne in middle of oven until bubbling and golden, about 45 minutes. Let lasagne stand 20 minutes. Lasagne may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring lasagne to room temperature and reheat before serving.nFor sauce:nMake sauce: In a 3quart heavy saucepan melt butter over moderately low heat and whisk in flour. Cook roux, whisking, 3 minutes and whisk in milk. Bring sauce to a boil, whisking constantly, and simmer, whisking occasionally, 3 minutes. Stir in Parmesan, mustard, and salt. Remove pan from heat and cover surface of sauce with waxed paper. Sauce may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring sauce to room temperature before proceeding.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. and butter a 13 by 9inch 3quart baking dish.nAssemble lasagne: Spread 1 14 cups sauce in baking dish and cover with 3 pasta sheets, making sure they dont touch each other. Spread one third filling over pasta sheets in dish and top with 3 more pasta sheets, gently pressing down layers to remove air pockets. Top pasta sheets with 13 mozzarella. Continue layering in same manner with sauce, pasta sheets, filling, and mozzarella, ending with mozzarella dish will be filled to rim. Spread remaining sauce over top and sprinkle with Parmesan. On a foillined large baking sheet bake lasagne in middle of oven until bubbling and golden, about 45 minutes. Let lasagne stand 20 minutes. Lasagne may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring lasagne to room temperature and reheat before serving., ingredients: [3 cups water, 2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms about 1 cup, 2 pounds fresh white mushrooms, 2 large zucchini about 1 pound, 1 large onion, 3 garlic cloves, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons sherry, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 5 cups whole milk, 4 12 ounces freshly grated Parmesan about 1 12 cups, plus 1 12 ounces freshly grated Parmesan about 12 cup, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 18 7 by 3 12inch sheets dry noboil lasagne about 1 pound, 12 pound freshly grated mozzarella about 2 cups, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 5 cups whole milk, 4 12 ounces freshly grated Parmesan about 1 12 cups, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 18 7 by 3 12inch sheets dry noboil lasagne about 1 pound, 12 pound freshly grated mozzarella about 2 cups, 1 12 ounces freshly grated Parmesan about 12 cup], title: Wild Mushroom Lasagne, picturelink: null}, 21688: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace shrimp in a bowl and season with fennel, red pepper flakes, lots of salt and pepper, the zest of 2 lemons. Add garlic and oil and use your hands to coat shrimp evenly. Heat a skillet to mediumhigh and cook shrimp until pink and firm, douse pan with the juice of 2 lemons and serve immediately., ingredients: [24 colossal size shrimp  big guys  tails on, deveined, 2 teaspoons fennel seed, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 4 cloves garlic, grated, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Spicy Fennel Shrimp, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 21689: {instructions: For the wings at home:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the wings with salt and pepper. Arrange the chicken wings on a baking sheet in a single layer. Put in the preheated oven and cook for 45 minutes.nRemove the wings from the oven to a bowl and allow to cool. Cover and refrigerate until ready to finish at the event on the barbecue.nFor the Carolina sauce at home:nCombine all of the ingredients in a resealable gallonsize plastic bag and combine well.nFor the wings tailgaiting:nPreheat a grill to 350 degrees F, prepared for indirect heat. Add all the wings and cook for 10 to 15 minutes to reheat and get some grill marks, turning after 7 minutes. Remove the wings from the grill to a serving bowl. Add the sauce and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 pound chicken wings, cut into segments, tips removed and discarded, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup ketchup, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 tablespoon adobo sauce, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Carolina Wings, picturelink: null}, 21690: {instructions: Let meat rest to take the chill from the refrigerator.nPreheat 2 nonstick skillets over medium high to high heat.nPlace the meat in a bowl and score it into 4 equal sections and form the meat into patties. Season each patty with grill seasoning. Pour a few tablespoons of Worcestershire sauce into a small dish and using a pastry brush, lightly baste the burgers with sauce. Drizzle a touch of oil into the 1 hot skillet and arrange the burgers. Do not move the meat for 2 minutes. Turn and sear the reverse side to caramelize the meat. Lower the heat slightly and cook 5 minutes longer on each side.nPlace bacon slices in the other skillet and cook for 3 minutes on each side, until crisp. Drain fat and reserve bacon. Return the skillet to the stove top. Add 2 tablespoons oil, the garlic and mushrooms to the pan. Thinly slice sage leaves, then add to the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Saute the garlic and mushrooms 5 minutes until just tender. Deglaze the pan with dry sherry and scrape up the pan drippings.nPile the mushrooms on top of burgers, then top with bacon and cheese and cover with lid or foil to melt cheese. Transfer burgers to dinner plates. Pass grainy mustard at the table., ingredients: [8 slices applewood or other thick, centercut bacon, from the meat case of market, 1 12 pounds ground beef sirloin, Worcestershire sauce, for brushing, Olive oil, for drizzling, Grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Seasoning by McCormick or coarse salt and black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan in a slow stream, 1 clove crushed garlic, 1 pound crimini baby Portobello mushrooms, cleaned with a damp towel, sliced, 3 or 4 sprigs fresh sage, Salt and pepper, 14 cup dry cooking sherry, 8 ounces fontina or Swiss cheese, thinly sliced, Grainy, stone ground prepared mustard, for passing at the table], title: Low Carb Big Beef Bacon Cheeseburgers with Sauteed Mushrooms, picturelink: I51O4VdXWBhC3NK5bcg05LuLWtbFEKq}, 21691: {instructions: Soak the beans in a pot of water overnight. Drain.nHeat the olive oil in the pot over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, jalapeno and cumin and cook, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Add the oregano and the beans, then add enough water to cover about 9 cups. Increase the heat to medium high and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low, partially cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the beans are just tender, about 3 hours.nAdd 2 teaspoons salt and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is mostly absorbed, about 45 minutes. Season with salt. Let sit 15 minutes before serving top with queso fresco and cilantro, if desired.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 pound dried black beans, rinsed and picked over, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, halved and seeded, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, preferably Mexican, Kosher salt, Queso fresco and fresh cilantro, for topping optional], title: Creamy Black Beans, picturelink: dvGTo250LMCXDnlimm3AUth4I1pNql.}, 21692: {instructions: Stem the strawberries and put them in a serving bowl. Sprinkle with the sugar and pour over the juice. Cover and leave to macerate several hours or overnight before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds1kg strawberries, Sugar, 3 oranges, juiced], title: Strawberries in Orange Juice, picturelink: null}, 21693: {instructions: To make the sandwiches, take the ice cream out of the freezer to soften. Cover 1 side of each piece of biscotti with hazelnut spread. Place the biscotti in the freezer for 5 minutes to firm up. Take out of the freezer and quickly spread 14 cup of ice cream on the hazelnut side of 4 of the biscotti and top with another biscotti, spread side against the ice cream. Place the biscotti ice cream sandwiches back in the freezer for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, brew 4 shots of espresso. Pour the espresso and serve with the biscottigelato sandwiches alongside., ingredients: [1 to 1 12 cups vanilla ice cream or gelato, 12 cup chocolate hazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, 8 pieces biscotti, 4 shots espresso, for serving], title: BiscottiGelato Sandwiches and Espresso, picturelink: 1aYeOwDgaRqO6uh8yDPkasBqwETdsFi}, 21694: {instructions: SQUASH: Take 2 of the squash and cut lengthwise. Remove flesh using a teaspoon from each half of the squash. The hollowed shell should be approximately 18inch thick. Chop flesh into small pieces. Take the third whole squash and chop into small pieces as well. Combine chopped whole squash and flesh and set aside. Add butter to saucepan on medium heat and add leeks. Cook for approximately three minutes or until tender. Add chopped garlic and chopped squash. Cook until tender, approximately 4 minutes. Add bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese and parsley. Stir mixture and remove from heat. Season with salt and pepper and allow the mixture to cool for about two minutes. Stuff each hollowed squash with vegetable mixture. Place them, stuffed side up in a casserole dish with 14 cup of water. Cover and bake in 350 degree oven for approximately 20 minutes or until squash is tender. Remove from oven and serve with stewed tomatoes.nSTEWED TOMATOES: Score bottom of each tomato making an X mark. Place tomatoes in boiling water for 2 minutes. Remove tomatoes and shock them with ice cold water. Peel skin from tomatoes starting from the bottom using scored X mark as a guideline. After removing skin, chop tomatoes and set aside. Add vegetable oil to saucepan on medium heat. Add chopped onions and cook for approximately 3 minutes. Stir occasionally, add garlic, celery, green peppers, chopped tomatoes, and sugar. Stir mixture and simmer for 10 minutes. Add parsley, thyme, and bay leaf and stir again. Simmer for approximately 10 to 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [3 medium yellow squash, 4 ounces sweet butter, 12 cup leeks, bottom part, chopped, 12 cup onions, chopped, 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 34 cup grated Parmesan cheese optional, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 cup water, 3 medium vine ripened tomatoes, 14 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup white onions, chopped, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 12 cup celery, chopped, 12 cup green peppers, chopped, 3 teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, chopped, 1 bay leaf, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Stuffed Yellow Squash with Stewed Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 21695: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons peanut oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons honey, 34 cup peanuts, 4 sliced scallions and 12 teaspoon each red pepper flakes and fivespice powder. Cook, stirring, until glazed, about 10 minutes. Stir in 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar and cook 1 minute. Transfer to a foillined baking sheet season with salt and let cool.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Honey Peanuts, picturelink: h0jPd5MF9KFSePtkd.w2g2pGxExu}, 21696: {instructions: Puree tomatoes in a blender until smooth. If dry, add a tablespoon or two of water. Pass through a medium strainer into a mixing bowl. Stir in Pernod, salt, and pepper. Reserve.nSeason shrimps with salt and pepper. Melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over high heat. Saute shrimps until pinkorange, about 1 minute per side. With a slotted spoon, transfer shrimp to a platter, leaving butter in pan. Add reserved tomato sauce and julienned snow peas. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced by about onethird. Adjust seasonings to taste.nBreak remaining butter in small pieces and stir into sauce along with shrimp. Once smooth, remove from heat, and ladle over bowls of warm fettuccine. Garnish with chervil and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 large tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 2 tablespoons Pernod, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 2 12 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cold, 14 pound Chinese snow peas, julienned, 1 bunch chervil, stems trimmed, chopped, for garnish], title: Sauteed Shrimps with Tomatoes and Pernod, picturelink: null}, 21697: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a nonaluminum mixing bowl. Pour into a ziplock bag. Add the steaks and marinate for 4 to 5 hours in the refrigerator., ingredients: [12 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup dry sherry, 23 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons strong brewed coffee, 6 garlic cloves, roasted, 2 shallots, roasted, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, crumbled, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 3 New York strip steaks, 34 pound each], title: Roasted Garlic and Balsamic Marinade, picturelink: null}, 21698: {instructions: Blanch the shrimp in boiling water until no longer translucent, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain and refresh in cold water. Cut into 12inch pieces.nCombine the shrimp, scallops, salmon, red pepper, scallions, jalapeno, and lime juice in a large bowl. Refrigerate, covered, for 2 to 3 hours, stirring occasionally. Drain off most of the liquid.nWhisk together the olive oil, orange juice, and cilantro. Pour over fish and add diced mango, grapefruit, orange pieces, and their juices. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [12 pound mediumsize raw shrimp, shelled and deveined, 12 pound bay scallops, trimmed of muscle, 12 pound salmon fillet, cut in 12 inch pieces, 1 red pepper, diced, 3 scallions, sliced on diagonal, 1 jalapeno, minced, 1 cup lime juice, or enough to cover, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 12 mango, diced, 1 pink grapefruit, cut in sections and diced, juice reserved, 1 orange, cut in sections and diced, juice reserved, Salt and pepper], title: Island Ceviche with Tropical Fruit, picturelink: null}, 21699: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSprinkle the grill seasoning over the roast, making sure it is thoroughly seasoned. Place the crown roast into a roasting pan, bone ends up. Roast, uncovered, for 20 to 25 minutes per pound of meat, about 2 12 to 3 12 hours, or when the internal temperature is 150 degrees F. Make sure to baste with any pan drippings every 20 minutes for the first 2 hours. For the last hour of cooking, baste with the royal glaze. Wrap the bone ends with aluminum foil if they begin to brown too quickly.nWhile the roast is cooking, whisk together 1 cup chicken broth, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup whiskey, garlic, ginger, and apple butter in a saucepan and place over mediumlow heat. Let simmer until thick and reduced by a third, 12 to 15 minutes. Brush the glaze onto the roast every 15 minutes for the last hour of cooking.nRemove the roast from the oven, transfer to a serving platter, and let rest for 15 minutes before slicing. Garnish the platter with parsley.nPlace the roasting pan over medium heat and deglaze with the remaining 12 cup whiskey, scraping up the bits with a flat edged spoon. Add the remaining royal glaze, remaining 1 12 cups chicken broth, and let simmer until thickened and reduced by half. Pour into a gravy boat and serve with the roast., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grill seasoning, 1 7 to 8pound pork crown roast, 2 12 cups chicken broth, divided, 3 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 34 cup Canadian whiskey, divided recommended: Crown Royal, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons chopped ginger, 13 cup apple butter, 1 bunch fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Pork Crown Roast with Royal Glaze and Gravy, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 21700: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Grease 14inch pizza pan. Unroll dough place in greased pan. Starting at center, press out dough to edge of pan. Bake at 425 for 6 to 8 minutes or until crust begins to brown. Meanwhile, in medium bowl, combine eggs, salt and pepper beat well. Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add eggs cook 1 to 2 minutes or until firm but still moist, stirring frequently. Remove partially baked crust from oven. Spoon and spread eggs over crust. Top with ham, chiles and cheese. Return to oven bake an additional 8 to 12 minutes or until crust is deep golden brown. Sprinkle with cilantro., ingredients: [1 10oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Pizza Crust, 6 eggs, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup juliennecut strips or chopped cooked ham, 1 4.5oz. can Old El Pasou00ae Chopped Green Chiles, 6 oz. 1 12 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese or hot pepper Monterey Jack cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, if desired], title: Ham and Chile Brunch Pizza, picturelink: null}, 21701: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a sieve over a medium bowl. Hold an orange over the bowl, and using a paring knife, cut along the membrane on both sides of each segment. Free the segments and let them fall into the sieve. Repeat with the grapefruit. Squeeze the membranes over the bowl to extract as much juice as possible, reserving the juices in the bottom of the bowl. Place the fruit segments and fennel in a salad bowl.nIn a blender or the bowl of a small food processor, blend together the oil, basil and 3 tablespoons of the reserved juice until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour over the fruit and fennel. Add the chopped walnuts and toss until all the ingredients are coated., ingredients: [1 large orange, peeled and ends trimmed, 1 grapefruit, peeled and ends trimmed, 1 large or 2 small fennel bulbs, thinly sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup packed fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup chopped walnuts, toasted], title: Citrus Salad, picturelink: JDBKukixir2aA8qYNiu5LcNTEDDIT2}, 21702: {instructions: For the garlic custard: Bring the cream to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Lower the heat and then simmer until liquid is reduced to 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons. Whisk in the roasted garlic. In a mixing bowl, whisk the egg yolks lightly while drizzling in the cream mixture, and season with salt and pepper. Cover and set aside to cool.nFor the tamale tart: In a small saucepan, steam the red bell pepper over boiling water until soft, about 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to a blender or food processor blend until smooth. You should have about 34 cup puree if necessary, add a little water to make up the quantity.nIn a medium bowl, combine the masa harina, cornmeal, cayenne, cumin and salt. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer at medium speed, whip the shortening until light and fluffy.nGradually beat the dry ingredients into the shortening to form a smooth dough. Beat in the ancho chili puree and the red bell pepper puree. Form the dough into a disk and pat into a 9inch tart pan with a removable bottom, pressing the dough evenly over the bottom and up the sides. Fill the tart pan with the reserved garlic custard and cover with plastic wrap.nPlace a round metal cooling rack inside a wok and pour in the water the rack should fit at least 3 inches above the water. Bring the water to a boil over high heat, then turn off the heat. Place the wrapped tart pan on the rack and reheat the water until it boils again. Lower the heat to simmer, cover the wok, and steam until the custard is set but still trembles slightly, 25 to 30 minutes. Using pot holders, carefully lift the tart pan off the rack. Remove the plastic wrap and the sides of the tart pan. Transfer to a serving platter.nFor the crabmeat: In a large nonreactive skillet, heat the olive oil over high heat until lightly smoking. Add the onion and cook, stirring for 1 minute. Stir in the crabmeat, tomatoes, cilantro, serrano and lime juice, and cook until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Season with salt. Using a slotted spoon, cover the top of the tart with the crab mixture. Cut the tart into wedges and serve warm., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons pureed roasted garlic, 4 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoons freshly ground white pepper, 1 large red bell pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 cups masa harina, 14 cup yellow cornmeal, 14 teaspoon cayenne powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons salt, 6 tablespoons 3 ounces vegetable shortening, at room temperature, 6 tablespoons ancho chili puree, 2 cups water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 10 ounces fresh lump crabmeat, preferably from the Gulf Coast, picked over, 14 cup blanched, peeled, seeded and diced red tomato, 14 cup blanched, peeled, seeded and diced yellow tomato, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 serrano chile, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, Salt], title: Tamale Tart with Roasted Garlic Custard and Gulf Crabmeat, picturelink: mdLVOf77nspQlrrl6KkOB3hoDzBZFce}, 21703: {instructions: In the bowl of a mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine 3 cups of the flour and the salt. Combine the yeast, sugar, and milk in a small bowl and let proof foam up for 5 minutes. Add the proofed yeast mixture to the flour. Add the eggs and butter and mix at low speed until the dough comes together and is soft, but not sticky. If the dough does seem sticky, add more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing after each addition, until a soft dough forms.nTurn out the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and knead for 1 minute, until smooth and elastic. Return the dough to the mixing bowl and cover with plastic wrap or transfer to a clean oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm spot such as an oven that is not on until doubled in bulk, about 2 hours. The recipe can be made up to this point and refrigerated after the kneading up to 1 day in advance. The dough will rise slowly in the refrigerator. Bring to room temperature before proceeding.nTurn on the mixer for a few seconds to punch down the dough, or punch it down in the bowl with your fist. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead a few times. Roll the dough out 1inch thick, letting it rest a few times during the rolling if you handle the dough too much, the natural gluten will tighten up and make your donuts tough.nLightly flour 2 cookie sheets. Using a wellfloured cutter, cut out hearts of dough, transferring them to the cookie sheets as you work, spacing them 2 inches apart. Reroll the scraps and cut out more disks to use up the dough. Cover lightly with a kitchen towel and let rise in a warm spot until doubled in bulk, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, pour 3 inches of vegetable oil into a deep, heavy pot and heat it to 350 degrees F. Lay out a thick layer of paper towels or brown paper bags for draining the fried donuts. Spoon the raspberry jam into your pastry bag. Working in batches of 6 or 7, transfer the risen donuts to the hot oil and fry until golden and puffed, turning frequently, about 5 to 7 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the hot donuts to the paper to drain. When cool enough to handle, poke the tip of your pastry bag into the center of each donut hole entering from the side. Squeeze in a little jam. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve as soon as possible., ingredients: [3 to 3 12 cups bread flour, plus extra for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 610 ounce cake fresh yeast or 1 14 ounce envelope active dry yeast, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 cup lukewarm milk, 2 eggs, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup strawberry or raspberry jam, Confectioners sugar, A deepfrying thermometer, A 2inch heart shaped cutter, 2 cookie sheets, A pastry bag fitted with a 14inch plain tip], title: Heart Shaped Jelly Donuts, picturelink: null}, 21704: {instructions: Place the saffron on a piece of foil. Fold some of the foil over the saffron and crush it with a rolling pin or wooden potato masher. Put the crushed saffron in a small cup. Add the hot milk, cardamom, and sugar. Mix with a toothpick or the handle of a small spoon and set aside for 3 hours.nPut the rice in a bowl and wash in several changes of water. Drain, add fresh water to cover generously, and leave to soak for 30 minutes. Drain.nPour the oil in a heavy, lidded pan that will just hold the cooked rice comfortably and set over medium heat. When the oil is hot, put in the cinnamon sticks. Stir for 10 seconds, then add the rice. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and stir the rice around until the grain look translucent, about 2 minutes. Add 2 23 cups of water and the salt. Bring to a boil. Cover. Reduce the heat to very, very low and cook for 25 minutes. Turn off the heat. Lift the lid and quickly dribble the saffron milk in any haphazard pattern. Quickly cover again and leave for 10 minutes. Mix the rice very delicately with a slotted spoon before serving., ingredients: [1 teaspoon saffron threads, 3 tablespoons hot milk, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon sugar, 2 cups basmati rice, 2 tablespoons corn, peanut, or olive oil, or ghee, 2 medium cinnamon sticks, 2 23 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Basmati Rice with Cinnamon Saffron, picturelink: null}, 21705: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 14inch round baking pan with parchment and spray with cooking spray.nFor the pizza: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, salt and cream of tartar. Set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the butter and 1 cup sugar. Beat on high speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the egg yolks and vanilla and beat until combined. With the mixer on low speed, gradually add the flour and mix until just combined.nTransfer the dough to the prepared baking pan and spread into the pan, leaving a 1inch gap around the edge to allow for spreading. In a small bowl, combine the cinnamon and the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Sprinkle over the dough. Bake until the cookie is brown at the edges, 12 to 18 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the raspberry drizzle: Combine the raspberries, vodka, thyme and pinch of salt in a blender or food processor and pulse until smooth. Strain and store in the refrigerator until needed.nBefore serving, spread the cookie with chocolate ganache, leaving about 1inch border. Scatter the brownie pieces, berries and chocolate chips on top of the pizza. Spoon about 14 cup raspberry drizzle over the top reserving remaining drizzle for another use. Sprinkle with sea salt. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 34 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 pound fresh raspberries, 2 tablespoons vodka, 14 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, Pinch kosher salt, 2 cups chocolate ganache or storebought chocolate fudge, 34 cup chopped brownie, 12 cup fresh mixed berries, 14 cup white chocolate chips, 12 teaspoon fleur de sel or sea salt], title: Snickerdoodle Cookie Pizza, picturelink: null}, 21706: {instructions: Pour the olive oil in a large plastic resealable bag and add in the rosemary, thyme, pinch salt, pinch pepper, the red pepper flakes and garlic. Add the steak to the bag and flip so the steaks are coated with the marinade. Marinate for 2 hours in the refrigerator.nHeat one side of the grill to mediumhigh heat and the other side of the grill to mediumlow heat. Let the steaks come up to room temperature for 30 minutes before grilling.nLet the excess marinade drip off the steaks and sprinkle the steaks generously on both sides with the salt and pepper. Place the steaks on the hotter side of the grill and sear on each side until nicely browned, about 3 minutes per side. Move the steaks to the cooler side of the grill and continue cooking until a meat thermometer reaches 120 degrees F, another 3 minutes per side. Let the steak rest for 10 minutes, the temperature will rise to 125 degrees, for medium rare. If you prefer a medium steak, cook until the temperature reaches 130 degrees, and after resting it should rise to 135 degrees.nSlice and serve the steaks., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for marinating, 1 14 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, plus more for marinating, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Two 1pound rib eye steaks 1 12inches thick], title: Grilled S and P Crusted Rib Eye, picturelink: null}, 21707: {instructions: Prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nFor the mushrooms: Pulse the orange juice, vegetable oil, cider vinegar, brown sugar, chipotles and adobo sauce and12 teaspoon salt in a minifood processor or blender until smooth and emulsified.nPut the mushroom caps in 1 or 2 large resealable plastic bags and pour in the marinade. Rub the marinade into the caps, seal the bags and marinate at room temperature while you make the corn salsa, turning the bags over occasionally.nFor the corn salsa: Lightly oil the grill grates. Brush the corn evenly with 2 tablespoons vegetable oil and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Grill, turning occasionally, until the kernels are cooked through and charred in spots, 10 to 15 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly keep the grill at mediumhigh heat.nWhisk the mayonnaise, Parmesan and lime zest and juice in a large bowl until combined. Cut off the corn kernels with a paring knife and stir into the mayonnaise mixture. Mix in the cilantro and 14 teaspoon salt and set aside.nRemove the mushrooms from the marinade, shaking off any excess, and season on both sides. Pour the marinade into a bowl. Put the mushrooms on the grill capside down and grill until very charred, rotating them a few degrees to keep one spot from charring too much if necessary, about 4 minutes. Flip, brush with a little marinade and grill until the bottoms are charred and the mushrooms are tender when pierced with the tip of a paring knife, about 4 more minutes. Transfer the mushrooms to a cutting board, slice thickly and transfer to a platter.nFor the taco bar: Serve the mushrooms immediately with the tortillas, corn salsa, Monterey Jack, pico de gallo, radishes, avocados and limes, letting diners build their own tacos., ingredients: [12 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 to 2 canned chipotles in adobo sauce, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons of the sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 large portobello mushroom caps about 2 pounds, stems removed, Corn Salsa:, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, 4 ears corn, shucked, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons grated lime zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, 24 soft corn tortillas, warmed, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack, 2 cups prepared pico de gallo or salsa, 1 cup thinly sliced red radishes, 2 avocados, diced, 2 limes, cut into 8 wedges each], title: ChipotleGrilled Mushroom Taco Bar, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 21708: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Place bread on baking sheet and toast slightly for 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from oven and cool on wire rack.nSpread each slice of bread with peanut butter and then jelly. Cut into squares or circles using cookie cutter and on each canape place a piece of fruit., ingredients: [6 very thin slices white sandwich bread w crusts removed, Peanut butter, 12 assorted berries], title: Peanut Butter and Fruit Canapes, picturelink: null}, 21709: {instructions: Place the artichokes in a saucepan and cover with 4 14 cups water. Bring to a boil and boil until cooked, 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, and then let steep for 20 minutes. Strain into a bowl.nPreheat the oven to 212 degrees F. Grease rimmed baking sheets.nPlace the artichoke infusion, hawthorn berries, sugar and cinnamon stick in a pan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer gently until the mixture is soft, 15 to 20 minutes.nTake out the cinnamon stick and blend in a liquidizer with the lime juice, then pour into the baking sheets to a thickness of about 13 inch.nDry in the oven for 2 to 3 hours. Check after 2 hours you want it to be chewy, but not too tough. Let cool, then slice into bitesize pieces.nChew on a piece of fruit bar whenever you like.nIf high blood cholesterol is suspected, you must see a doctor. This recipe may be used in addition to, not as a substitute for, proper medical treatment.nKeep in greaseproof paper in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [4 artichokes, chopped, Nonstick cooking spray or unsalted butter, for greasing, 1 pound 34 ounce hawthorn berries, 8 ounces sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, Juice of 1 lime], title: Artichoke and Hawthorn Bar for Healthy Cholesterol, picturelink: null}, 21710: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, mix together 2 sticks of butter, brown sugar, eggs, 1 teaspoon of vanilla, flour and baking powder. Grease and flour baking pan and pour batter in. Bake for 25 minutes in a preheated 350 degree oven.nFor banana topping heat the sugar, remaining 4 teaspoons butter, bananas and remaining 1 teaspoon vanilla for 5 minutes. Spread over blondies., ingredients: [2 sticks butter plus 4 teaspoons, divided, 1 pound light brown sugar, 3 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla, divided, 2 34 cups flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 13 cup sugar, 4 to 5 bananas, chopped], title: Blondies with Banana Topping, picturelink: null}, 21711: {instructions: In a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, heat the olive oil. Add in the rice and toast, stirring frequently, for 2 minutes. Add the shallots, garlic, and saffron and saute everything together for 1 more minute. Add the wine and without stirring, turn down the heat to mediumlow and shake the pot every few minutes. Once the wine has been reduced, add the stock 23 of a ladle at a time until liquid covers the rice completely. Add few pieces of prawns and asparagus to get the flavor through during the cooking process for 12 to 15 minutes. Add the rest of the prawns and asparagus the last 2 minutes if cooking. When the rice is still al dente, remove from heat. Add in the butter and parsley, and season, to taste, with sea salt. Stir everything in together and serve., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 ounces carnaroli rice, 4 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 pinches saffron threads, 23 cup white wine, 2 12 cups fish or vegetable stock, 10 green prawns, peeled and cleaned, 15 asparagus spears, 3 ounces butter, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, Sea salt], title: Prawn, Asparagus and Saffron Risotto, picturelink: null}, 21712: {instructions: Melt the butter and set aside. Using a blender, mix the eggs, milk and flour at low speed. Add the orange liquor. Once the batter is well mixed and coats the spoon with a thin film, refrigerate, covered for 1 hour in a pitcher or bowl.nStir the batter thoroughly and before making the crepes, test the liquid by dunking a spoon in the mixture again, it should coat the spoon with a thin film. Adjust by adding milk.nUsing at least two and up to four 7 to 8inch nonstick pans, spray with oil, and heat the pans over mediumhigh heat. Pour about one cup of batter to coat one pan. Once covered, pour the batter out and into the next heated pan, pouring the remainder back into the pitcher or bowl. The thin layer of batter that remains on the pans will make a smooth, flexible crepe. When the crepes pull away from the edge of the pan 10 to 30 seconds, remove from the heat, tap them lightly or run a knife across the edge of the pan to release, and invert the crepes on a dry towel to cool. Stir the batter at brief intervals to resuspend the ingredients., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 2 eggs, beaten lightly until blended, 1 cup milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur Grand Marnier or Cointreau, Cooking spray or other food release], title: Blintz Crepes, picturelink: null}, 21713: {instructions: Saute onions and garlic with olive oil in a 4quart saucepan. When onions and garlic are golden color, add tomatoes, basil, salt, pepper, oregano, parsley and tomato paste. Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer for 1 hour, stirring constantly stirring., ingredients: [1 large Spanish onion, chopped, 6 to 8 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 28ounce cans tomatoes, crushed by hand, 12 cup basil, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon oregano, 12 chopped parsley, chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste], title: Marinara Sauce, picturelink: null}, 21714: {instructions: Bring the heavy cream to a full boil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, then continue to boil rapidly for 45 to 50 minutes, until thickened like a white sauce, stirring occasionally.nOff the heat, add the Gorgonzola, Parmesan, salt, pepper, and parsley. Whisk rapidly until the cheeses melt and serve warm. If you must reheat, warm the sauce over low heat until melted, then whisk vigorously until the sauce comes together., ingredients: [4 cups heavy cream, 3 to 4 ounces crumbly Gorgonzola not creamy or dolce, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley], title: Gorgonzola Sauce, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 21715: {instructions: Special equipment: 6inch wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnHeat grill over high heat.nPlace the corn on the grill, close the cover and grill for 15 to 20 minutes, turning every 5 minutes, or until kernels are tender. Remove from the grill, let cool slightly, remove husks and cut into 1inch rounds.nCombine the butter, chipotle, garlic, cilantro, salt, pepper and honey in a food processor until smooth.nSkewer the corn onto 1 skewer so the corn lays flat, and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side until slightly charred. Remove and immediately brush with the butter and garnish with chopped cilantro., ingredients: [6 ears fresh corn, silks removed, husks left on, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 to 4 chipotle chiles in adobo, pureed, 2 tablespoons total, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Honey, to taste], title: Grilled Corn Skewers with Chipotle Cilantro Butter, picturelink: cmbxBSh5bOEzpUCzSGYqJI9b4aesarW}, 21716: {instructions: Prepare grill.nMix seasoning salt, garlic powder, and black pepper together. Rub onto ribs store excess rub in an airtight container. Place rack of ribs, rib side down, onto grill. Cook for 15 minutes. Turn ribs over and cook for another 15 minutes. Remove ribs from the grill just before they are cooked to your liking. Empty BBQ sauce into a roasting pan. Transfer ribs to pan with heated sauce, cover, and let the ribs continue to cook for anothern10 to 15 minutes. Serve with sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 cup commercial seasoning salt, 1 cup garlic powder, 1 cup black pepper, 1 large rack pork spareribs, about 6 pounds, 1 to 2 bottles BBQ sauce, heated recommended: Jack Daniels BBQ Sauce], title: California Rodeo BBQ Ribs, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 21717: {instructions: Sift the flours and the baking powder together. In a bowl, mix the egg yolks and milks together, add the sifted flour mixture, onion, lemon zest, chives, parsley, salt and pepper. Mix gently with a rubber spatula until the consistency of pancake batter, you may need to add a little more whole milk. Fold in the egg whites. On a hot griddle, melt a little butter. Ladle 3 to 4 ounces of the batter into the melted butter and flip when golden brown. Continue cooking until cooked all the way through.nAssembly: Place the warm blini on the serving plate. Spread the dill cream over the blini. Lay a piece of sliced salmon across the top of the blini, covering it entirely. Place a little more dill cream in the center of the salmon. Place the caviar on top of the dill cream. Sprinkle the chives and red onion on the salmon, for garnish., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 cup of whole wheat or buckwheat flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 3 egg yolks, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 cups whole milk, 1 red onion, small dice, caramelized, 3 lemons, zest only, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chives chopped, 1 tablespoon parsley chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon shallots, chopped, 2 tablespoon dill, chopped, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 ounces dill cream, 1 blini, 4 ounces smoked salmon, thinly sliced, 14ounce osetra caviar, 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon red onion, finely chopped], title: Postrio Smoked Salmon on Blini, picturelink: null}, 21718: {instructions: Combine the parsley, lemon peel and garlic and set aside for later as a garnish for the lamb chops.nIn a large skillet heat the olive oil. Add onions and cook gently until golden and brown be sure not to burn them. Add peppers and continue to cook for about 10 minutes or until tender, but still with some crispness left. Season with salt and pepper.nWhen onions and pepper are tender, cook the lamb chops. Dry them, season at last minute with salt and pepper and either grill or broil them for 3 to 4 minutes a side or not beyond medium rare.nSpoon peppers and onions on plate top with lamb chops and sprinkle lemon parsley mixture over lamb. Youll have planned leftover peppers and onions for the following night., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel, 14 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 13 cup olive oil, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 2 each: green, red and yellow bell peppers, seeded and cut into 14 inch strips, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 rib lamb chops], title: Lamb Chops on a Bed of Peppers, picturelink: null}, 21719: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the tomatoes on a sheet tray and drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until the tomatoes are tender and just bursting slightly but not falling apart, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside.nCook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente following package instructions. While the pasta is cooking, make a vinaigrette by pouring the juice from the bottom of the pan the tomatoes cooked in into a mixing bowl. Add the feta, vinegar, mustard, garlic, sliced basil, oregano, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste. Slowly pour in 3 tablespoons of the olive oil while whisking to lightly emulsify. Drain the cooked pasta and toss with the vinaigrette. Add the grape tomatoes, olives, chickpeas, roasted red pepper, pepperoncini peppers, onion and chopped basil and toss to combine.nThis is a great salad to serve with Mediterranean Sardines with Lemon and Garlic.nFor the spicy tartar: Combine the mayonnaise, yogurt, pickles, red pepper, onion, capers, lemon juice, tarragon, chives, hot sauce and cayenne in a mixing bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Stir well, then cover and refrigerate for 15 to 20 minutes to allow flavors to come together.nFor the sardines: Preheat a grill to high. Rinse the sardines in cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Season the cavity of each sardine with salt and pepper, then place a sprig of thyme and oregano inside each along with a few slices of lemon and garlic. Season outside with salt and pepper. Carefully tie the sardines with butchers twine to help keep them closed during grilling. Wipe down the grill grates with a towel dipped in oil to clean and create a nonstick surface. Carefully place sardines across grates and grill for 3 to 4 minutes, until skin blisters and chars around the edges. Using a spatula, carefully turn the sardines and grill for a further 2 to 3 minutes to cook through. When done, remove to a platter and keep warm until ready to serve. Serve the sardines slathered with the Spicy Tartar., ingredients: [2 cups grape tomatoes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound large orzo pasta, 14 cup crumbled feta, 1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoon finely sliced fresh basil, 2 teaspoons fresh oregano, torn, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup pitted kalamata olives, roughly chopped, 1 12 cups canned chickpeas, rinsed, 1 roasted red pepper, finely sliced, 12 cup sliced pepperoncini peppers, stems removed, 14 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, Serving suggestion: Mediterranean Sardines with Lemon and Garlic, recipe follows, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup fatfree Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons finely diced pickles, 2 tablespoons finely diced pickled sweet red pepper, 1 tablespoon minced red onion, 1 tablespoon minced brined capers, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 3 dashes hot sauce, Pinch cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 whole large, fresh sardines, cleaned but with head and tail intact, Flaky sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 8 sprigs fresh oregano, 1 lemon, cut into thin wheels, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Tomato and Black Olive Orzo Salad, picturelink: BPj.8VernqpmNCu.2ZLEXFlvivVbbW}, 21720: {instructions: Spray a grill pan with nonstick spray and place over mediumhigh heat on the stove.nLay bread slices on a flat surface, and evenly spread the cheese wedge onto one slice of bread. Slice red pepper into strips, and evenly place over the slice of bread spread with cheese. Top with the slice of cheese, followed by the other slice of bread.nSpread 12 tablespoon of butter onto the upwardfacing slice of bread. Sprinkle with a dash of garlic powder.nGently place the sandwich in the hot grill pan with the buttered side down. Carefully spread the remaining 12 tablespoon of butter onto the upwardfacing side. Sprinkle with the remaining dash of garlic powder.nCook until the cheese has melted and the bread is lightly browned, 1 to 2 minutes per side, flipping carefully. Eat your sandwich and enjoy it, ingredients: [2 slices light bread, 1 wedge light spreadable Swiss cheese recommended: The Laughing Cow Light, 1 piece jarred roasted red pepper previously packed in water, 1 slice fatfree American cheese, 1 tablespoon light whipped butter or light buttery spread, room temperature, divided, 2 dashes garlic powder, divided], title: Fancy 5Minute Grilled Cheese, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 21721: {instructions: Divide the butter among 4 slices of bread. Put cucumber slices on each piece of bread, and drizzle lightly with honey., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sweet butter, softened, 4 slices pumpernickel bread, 12 English cucumber, thinly sliced on an angle, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Open Faced Black Bread Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 21722: {instructions: Combine 1 cup prosecco and the sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar dissolves.nMeanwhile, pour the remaining prosecco into a medium bowl. Sprinkle the gelatin on top and let stand 1 minute. Pour in the hot prosecco mixture and whisk until the gelatin dissolves. Skim off most of the foam. Divide the mixture among 6 champagne glasses and refrigerate until slightly set, about 1 hour. Push a peach slice into each one, then return the glasses to the refrigerator until the gelatin is fully set, about 3 more hours.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [1 750ml bottle prosecco, 1 cup sugar, 2 14ounce packets unflavored gelatin powder, 1 peach, cut into wedges], title: Gelatin Bellinis, picturelink: b7NtpyanVXCzFrAGH.4H993xUCIOi}, 21723: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nButter a 6cup gratin dish, and set it aside. Melt the butter in a saucepan, then add the flour, and mix it in well with a whisk. Cook for 10 seconds, and add the milk in 1 stroke, and mix it in with a whisk. Keep stirring with the whisk until the mixture thickens and comes to a strong boil, which will take about 2 minutes. It should be thick and smooth. Remove from the heat, and stir in the salt and pepper. Allow about 10 minutes for the white sauce to cool.nMeanwhile, break the eggs into a bowl, and beat well with a fork. Add the eggs, the cheese and the chives to the cooled sauce, and mix well to combine. Pour into the buttered gratin dish and cook immediately, or set aside until ready to cook.nBake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the souffle is puffy and well browned on top. Although it will stay inflated for quite awhile, it is best served immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, plus more to butter a 6cup gratin dish, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups cold whole milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 extralarge eggs, 2 13 cups grated Swiss cheese, preferably Gruyere about 6 ounces, 3 tablespoons minced fresh chive blades], title: Mamans Cheese Souffle, picturelink: CTfEq6ADJpKf4ys4awoYB4hpdzgXqm}, 21724: {instructions: In a castiron or heavybottomed pan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the chorizo and garlic, breaking up the chorizo with a wooden spoon to resemble ground meat. Cook through. Add the refried beans with a little water, if necessary, to get a smooth, nottoodry consistency, and stir to combine with the chorizo and onions.nMake the tacos. Arrange the tortillas on a plate using two for each taco. Add the chorizo mixture, cheese, a few radish slices, a few cilantro leaves and a shake of hot sauce. Repeat for the remaining tortillas and filling., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup chopped onions, 8 ounces Mexican chorizo, casing removed and discarded, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp, One 16ounce can refried beans with green chiles, Eight to twelve 6inch flour tortillas, kept warm in the oven, 2 cups shredded CheddarMonterey Jack blend, 4 radishes, thinly sliced, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 2 to 3 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Cholula], title: Sunnys Easy Chorizo and Bean Tacos, picturelink: brZuBMmMlZ96MjaCDwEVXTEMfJ1aEne}, 21725: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the egg whites, sugar, salt and vanilla in a large bowl until combined fold in the coconut.nFlatten heaping tablespoonfuls of the coconut mixture into 2inch disks place them about 1 inch apart onto the baking sheet. Bake until golden brown around the edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheet, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nGently sandwich the macaroons with the vanilla ice cream freeze until set, at least 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 large egg whites, 12 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14ounce package sweetened shredded coconut, 3 pints vanilla ice cream, slightly softened], title: Macaroon Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 21726: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans and cook until bright green and tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain in a colander in the sink and run under cold water, while tossing, in order to stop cooking. Pat dry with paper towels.nAdd the bacon to a large heavy skillet set over medium heat and cook until crisp, about 5 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate to drain. Pour off some of the bacon fat from the skillet, if needed, and add the shallot. Saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Toss in the green beans and continue sauteing for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, then add the bacon back to the skillet and stir to combine., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 pounds green beans, trimmed, 5 slices bacon, chopped, 1 shallot, sliced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Beans with Bacon, picturelink: null}, 21727: {instructions: Cut and slice 4 cups fresh strawberries and add to a medium bowl. Add 1 cup rum and 2 cups sugar and stir to combine. Let mixture sit overnight covered in the refrigerator. Remove strawberries from the refrigerator and place in a medium saucepan. Add the remaining 2 cups of sugar and the orange zest and cook over low heat for about 20 minutes., ingredients: [4 cups fresh strawberries, stems removed, 1 cup rum, 4 cups sugar, divided, 1 to 2 tablespoons orange zest, to taste], title: Strawberry Filling, picturelink: null}, 21728: {instructions: ., ingredients: [6 cups sourdough bread, cubed and toasted, 1 pound slab bacon, cubed, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, 2 onions, chopped, 4 ribs celery, chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh herbs such as parsley, thyme, and marjoram, 1 pound fresh shucked oysters, with liquor, 1 cup chestnuts, roasted and shelled, 1 cup chicken stock], title: New England Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 21729: {instructions: Heat milk to luke warm, about 100 degrees. Remove from heat, pour into a bowl and whisk in yeast. Set aside while preparing other ingredients. Place flour, sugar and salt in bowl of food processor fitted with metal blade pulse to mix. Add the 4 tablespoons butter and pulse until butter is absorbed and mixture is powdery in appearance. Add eggs and milk mixture and continue to pulse until dough forms a ball. If the dough refuses to form a ball, add up to 3 tablespoons more flour, one tablespoon at a time, pulsing once or twice between each addition.nTo mix by hand, combine flour salt and sugar in a bowl and stir well to mix. Rub in butter by hand, being sure to leave mixture cool and powdery. Beat eggs until liquid and add to flour mixture along with yeastmilk mixture. Stir vigorously with a rubber spatula to form a dough.nCover bowl with plastic wrap and allow to rest 5 minutes. Scrape dough to floured surface and fold dough over on itself 6 or 8 times, sprinkling with up to 3 tablespoons more flour if dough is very soft. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate 1 to 8 hours.nAfter the dough has chilled, prepare butter: Place half the flour on work surface and place butter on it. Scatter remaining flour on butter and pound the butter with a rolling pin to soften it to a malleable consistency. Scrape butter together and form into a cylinder. Immediately remove dough from refrigerator and press in into a 6 by 12inch rectangle on a lightly floured surface. Distribute dabs of butter in a 6 by 9inch rectangle at the closer end of the dough, covering dough as completely as possible. Fold the top unbuttered portion of dough down over the middle section and the bottom buttered portion up to cover it. Position the dough so the fold is on the left and roll the dough back to its original size, flouring the surface and dough as necessary. Fold both short ends in to the middle of the dough and fold again at the middle, making 4 layers. Reposition the dough so that the fold is on the left again and repeat rolling and folding. Doublewrap dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate dough several hours or overnight before using., ingredients: [34 cup milk, 1 12 ounces fresh yeast or 2 envelopes 14ounce each active dry yeast, 4 cups unbleached, all purpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 3 eggs, 13 cup unbleached, all purpose flour, 3 12 sticks 14 ounces cold unsalted butter], title: Danish Pastry, picturelink: null}, 21730: {instructions: Mix all ingredients. Let sit,covered, overnight. Serve with barbecued pork shoulder., ingredients: [1 cup vinegar, 4 tablespoons ketchup, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon celery seed], title: North Carolina Vinegar Bbq Sauce, picturelink: null}, 21731: {instructions: Soak the dried shrimp in warm water, to cover, for 10 minutes. Drain the shrimp, puree them in food processor or blender, and set aside.nHeat the 14 cup of dende oil or olive oil in a heavy skillet and saute the onions, garlic, jalapeno, cashews, almonds, and pureed dried shrimp for 10 minutes. Add the fish stock and coconut milk and simmer for 5 minutes.nAdd the sea bass and poach it in the sauce for about 12 minutes until the fish is flaky. Add the raw shrimp and cilantro cook for another 4 minutes.nDrizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon dende oil and serve with white rice., ingredients: [1 cup dried shrimp, 14 cup dende palm oil or olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 Spanish onions, small dice, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 fresh jalapeno, finely chopped, 1 cup cashews nuts, finely chopped, 1 cup blanched almonds, finely chopped, 1 cup fish stock or clam juice, 3 cups thin coconut milk, 1 8 to 10ounce sea bass fillet, 1 pound mediumsize shrimp, shelled and deveined, 14 cup chopped cilantro, Serving suggestion: cooked white rice], title: Seafood Saute with Coconut and Nuts: Vatapa de Camarones y Pescado, picturelink: null}, 21732: {instructions: In my books, the perfect bird is 14 to 18 pounds 6.5 kg to 8 kg in weight because thats a good size to handle, feeds about 10 to 14 people and has better flavour than bigger birds. If youre buying from a small producer, like the lovely turkey I used from my mate Paul Kelly, youll often find these birds come with their own cooking instructions. Really goodquality birds do cook in a shorter time so follow the instructions if it has them.nThis year Im using a flavoured butter to give a bit of extra love to my turkey, and this is a job you can do the day before. Get your turkey and use a spoon to work your way between the skin and the meat. Start at the side of the cavity just above the leg and work gently up towards the breastbone and towards the back so you create a large cavity. Pick up half of your butter and push it into the cavity youve created. Use your hands to push it through the skin right to the back so it coats the breast meat as evenly as possible. Do the same on the other side then rub any leftover butter all over the outside of the bird to use it up. If youve got any herb stalks left over, put them in the cavity of the turkey for added flavour as it cooks. Cover the turkey in cling film plastic wrap and keep in the refrigerator until you need it.nTake your turkey out of the refrigerator a few hours before you are ready to put it in the oven so it has time to come up to room temperature. That flavoured butter will already be under the skin so youll only need a few tweaks to finish it off. Halve 2 to 4 clementines and pop them in the cavity with a few more sprigs of fresh herbs like rosemary, bay and thyme. The fruit will steam and flavour the birds in a really lovely way. Take a sprig of fresh rosemary, pull off the leaves at the bottom then spear that through the loose skin around the cavity to hold it together and keep it from shrinking back as the turkey cooks.nOpen up the neck cavity and pack as much stuffing as possible in there, then carefully pull the skin back over the cavity, tuck it under the bird and pop it in the roasting tray. If youve already made your gravy like Ive done, you wont need a vegetable trivet, if not, do that now by roughly chopping 2 or 3 carrots, 3 peeled onions, and 2 celery sticks. Preheat your oven to full whack and get the turkey in the roasting tray. As soon as it goes in the oven, immediately turn the heat down to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C Gas 4.nAs a rough guide, you want to cook the turkey for about 35 to 40 minutes per 2.2 pounds or 1 kilogram, so a 15 12 pound 7 kg turkey will want about 4 to 4 12 hours in the oven. But there are so many variables such as the sort of oven you have and the quality of your bird. Check on your turkey every 30 minutes or so and keep it from drying out by basting it with the lovely juices from the bottom of the pan.nAfter 3 12 hours, remove the foil so the skin gets golden and crispy. If you are at all worried just stick a meat thermometer in the thickest part of the breast. When the internal temperature has reached 150 degrees F 65 degrees C for a good quality bird, and about 180 degrees 82 degrees C for a cheaper bird, its ready to come out.nCarefully put a metal skewer in the cavity and use it to lift the bird and angle it over the roasting tray so all of the juices from the cavity run out. Move the turkey to a platter then cover it with a double layer of tinfoil and 2 tea towels to keep it warm while it rests for at least 30 minutes., ingredients: [One 14to18pound higher welfare turkey, Flavored butter, 2 to 4 clementines, A few sprigs fresh herbs, Sprig fresh rosemary, Stuffing, 2 to 3 carrots, 3 onions, peeled, 2 stalks celery], title: The Best Turkey in the World, picturelink: null}, 21733: {instructions: Cover the bottom of a saute pan with 14 inch12 cm coarse sea salt. Set over very high heat. When hot you should hear it crackle, lay on the meat and fry on both sides to the doneness of your liking. It will make a brown crust and have lovely flavor.nServe with stewed tomatoes or whipped potatoes with lots of butter and milk., ingredients: [Coarse sea salt, One 4ounce110 g tenderloin fillet, Stewed tomatoes and whipped potatoes, for serving], title: Steak Fried on Sea Salt, picturelink: null}, 21734: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the bread slices in a large mixing bowl and dampen with heavy cream. Once bread is soaked through, add the rest of the ingredients, except the meat, and mix well. Mix in the meat. Roll the mixture into 1inch meatballs and bake, uncovered, on a lightly greased baking pan for 45 minutes.nServe the meatballs hot, with gravy if desired., ingredients: [8 slices white bread, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 eggs, 12 cup diced onion, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon beef base, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 12 pounds ground chuck], title: Swedish Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 21735: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill 4 8 to 10ounce highball glasses with ice cubes. Divide the lemon and cucumber slices among the glasses.nIn a large pitcher, pour in the seltzer, lemonade and Pimms. Stir to combine. Pour mixture into prepared glasses and enjoy, ingredients: [Ice cubes, 4 lemon slices, 4 cucumber slices, 1 cup seltzer or lemonlime soda, 1 cup lemonade, 3 cups Pimms No. 1 Cup, available at liquor stores], title: Pimms Cup Cocktail, picturelink: CYxxih.Xaj38M8Awqc8sIEVRhCM46j.}, 21736: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dipping sauce: Because the caramel takes a little while to cook, start by placing the sugar in a large, heavy skillet. Heat the sugar over medium heat, stirring with a fork until it begins to melt. Once it is melted, stop stirring. Cook the sauce, giving the skillet a swirl every now and again, so the sugar melts evenly. Cook until it is dark amber in color, and then remove from the heat. Keep an eye on the sugar because it can go from dark amber to burnt in a blink. Put an oven mitt on the hand you will be using to stir in the ingredients and stand back to avoid splattering.nUsing a wooden spoon, stir in the butter, 2 tablespoons water, the bourbon, vinegar and salt and cook over low heat, stirring to incorporate all the ingredients and scraping up all the caramel from the bottom of the pan. Add the cream, bring to a boil and allow to cook for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring, and then remove from heat. Allow to cool slightly.nFor the beignets: Set the oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Heat the oil in a medium heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, beat the egg with a fork, stir in the sparkling cider and 1 tablespoon oil until nice and foamy. Cooks Note: Make sure you use a sparkling ciderit makes the batter lighter and fluffier.nIn a large, shallow bowl, stir together the 1 14 cups flour and cinnamon if using. Make a well in the center of the flour similar to the way you would if you were making pasta. Pour the cider mixture into the center of the well. Stir in a circular motion, with the fork slowly dragging in and incorporating the flour. Stir until a lumpy batter forms.nPut the remaining 12 cup flour in a plate or pan. Working in batches of 3, dredge the apple rings in the flour, shaking off the excess, and then dip in the batter to coat, letting the excess drip off. Carefully slip the rings into the hot oil and fry, gently turning over once with a slotted spoon, until golden brown on both sides, about 2 minutes total per batch.nLay the beignets on a paper towellined plate to drain the excess oil. Transfer to a cookie sheet and keep warm in the oven. Return the oil to 375 degrees F between batches.nJust before serving, dust the warm beignets with confectioners sugar. Make sure the butter bourbon dipping sauce is warm, then drizzle over the top and serve more on the side., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 14 stick butter, cut into pieces, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 14 teaspoon cider vinegar, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, About 8 cups canola oil, for frying, plus 1 tablespoon for the batter, 1 large egg, 1 cup sparkling apple cider, at room temperature, 1 14 cup plus 12 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch ground cinnamon, optional, 1 pound Golden Delicious apples 2 or 3, peeled, cored and sliced into 14inch thick rings, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Apple Cider Beignets with ButterBourbon Dipping Sauce, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 21737: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nAdd butter to a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onions and garlic until they turn slightly brown. Add the flour and whisk together for 3 minutes to make a blonde roux. Whisk in the milk and bring to a boil, stirring constantly to prevent the roux from burning. Cook for approximately 10 minutes or until the roux has dissolved completely and you can no longer taste the flour. Add the pasta and stir until hot. Add the fresh herbs, the truffle oil, and half of the Parmesan and stir until dissolved. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Put all ingredients into an ovenproof dish and sprinkle the remaining cheese and bread crumbs on top evenly. Place under a broiler until top becomes golden brown., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 12 cup chopped red onion, 12 cup chopped garlic, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups cooked cavatappi pasta, 12 cup chopped fresh herbs equal parts rosemary, thyme and basil, 14 cup infused white truffle oil, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup Japanese bread crumbs panko, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: White Truffle Mac and Cheese, picturelink: pf3NKuRMSWcmXGvyeMx2Drk6vyrF6}, 21738: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the green chimichurri: Combine the parsley, mint, oregano, canola oil, vinegar, red pepper flakes and garlic in a food processor and process until smooth.nPut the steak in a large baking dish, add the green chimichurri and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours. Remove the steak from the marinade and place on a plate 30 minutes before grilling.nFor the red chimichurri: Using a mortar and pestle, combine the parsley, olive oil, vinegar, oregano, chipotle, paprika, red pepper flakes, garlic and some salt and pepper.nPreheat a charcoal or gas grill to high heat.nSprinkle the steaks with salt and pepper on both sides. Grill until charred on both sides and cooked to mediumrare doneness, about 5 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and let rest on a cutting board for 5 minutes. Cut the meat across the grain into thin slices, top with the red chimmichurri and garnish with parsley leaves., ingredients: [1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 12 cup fresh oregano leaves, 12 cup canola oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 8 cloves garlic, 1 12 pounds skirt steak, cut crosswise into 3 pieces, 1 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano, 1 tablespoon pureed chipotle in adobo, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flatleaf parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Grilled Skirt Steak with Green and Smokey Red Chimichurri, picturelink: 0tIbWOyf6sPPPrKKDZsYkNaWNCgHkya}, 21739: {instructions: Remove the backbone and split the chicken in half. Mix together 12cup olive oil, orange juice and zest, cumin, curry, brown sugar, garlic and parsley. Marinate the chicken in the mixture for 1 hour, covered in the refrigerator.nPlace an ovenproof skillet, preferably cast iron, over mediumhigh heat for about 3 minutes. Put the remaining 14cup olive oil into the hot skillet and wait 1 minute for it to heat up.nRemove the chicken from the marinade, season all over with salt and pepper. Place the chicken halves in the skillet, skin side down. Wrap 2 bricks in aluminum foil and set them on top of the chicken. The weight will flatten the chicken resulting in a very crispy skin.nCook on the stovetop for 10 minutes, then transfer the weighted skillet to a preheated 450 degrees F oven. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes. Use a thin metal spatula to pry the chicken from the pan so not to tear the skin., ingredients: [1 whole 3 pound chicken, 34 cup olive oil, 2 oranges, juiced and zested, 2 teaspoons cumin seed, toasted, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Crispy Chicken Under a Brick, picturelink: null}, 21740: {instructions: Pour the beer into a pint glass. Add the cider and currant syrup. Serve without a garnish., ingredients: [8 ounces lager beer, 7 ounces hard cider, 1 ounce black currant syrup], title: Classic Snakebite, picturelink: OBxCYacS85I0QzjkPNG9ygH6aADKuy}, 21741: {instructions: Combine the beans, chicken broth, garlic and half the onions in a large soup pot bring to a boil.nIn a skillet, saute the remaining onions in the oil until tender. Add the chilies and the cumin, oregano, cloves and cayenne mix thoroughly and add to the pot with the bean mixture. Add the shredded chicken, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 1 hour.nServe topped with grated cheese., ingredients: [1 can white canelli beans, 6 cups chicken broth, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 medium onions, chopped divided, 1 tablespoon oil, 2 4ounce cans chopped green chilies, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 cups shredded, cooked chicken breasts, 3 cups Monterey Jack cheese, grated], title: Matt Hasselbecks Comeback Chicken Chili, picturelink: null}, 21742: {instructions: Special equipment: scalloped ravioli cutternPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nPlace the marinara sauce in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook until reduced to a thick, jamlike consistency, about 30 minutes. There should be 1 12 to 2 cups of reduced sauce. Let the sauce cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Stir in the mozzarella cheese and prosciutto.nMeanwhile, place 1 piece of dough on a work surface. Roll the dough out gently until you can cut an 8 12 by 9 12inch rectangle. Press the scraps into a small rectangle and roll it out to the same thickness as the other rectangle. Cut 3 rectangles from the large rectangle and 1 rectangle from the small rectangle. Each should measure 8 12 by 3 inches. Continue rolling and cutting the remaining pie dough.nTo form the tarts, place the rectangles on a work surface. Brush each rectangle with egg wash. Place a large spoonful of the marinara mixture in the middle of the bottom half of the rectangle. Fold the dough in half over the marinara mixture to make a 3 by 4inch rectangle. Press the edges to seal. Using a scalloped ravioli cutter, trim the rectangles to make a decorative edge. Place the tarts on the baking sheets. Brush with egg wash and generously sprinkle with cheese. Bake until golden, about 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 26ounce jar marinara sauce about 3 cups, 1 cup grated mozzarella cheese, 2 slices prosciutto, finely chopped, 4 storebought 9inch pie crusts, 2 eggs, beaten, for egg wash, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Mozzarella Pillows, picturelink: SpJnYngpMRN7nD.5Vfaqc2uAy2PV906}, 21743: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and grate them lengthwise. Place them in a colander or kitchen towel and squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Combine the potatoes in a bowl with the egg, flour, salt, and pepper. Mix well.nMelt 2 tablespoons of clarified butter in a skillet. Drop a heaping tablespoon of the potato mixture into the sizzling butter. Flatten with a spatula and cook for 2 minutes. Turn, flatten again, and cook for another 2 minutes, until crisp on the outside and golden brown. Serve the pancakes hot from the skillet with a dollop of creme fraiche and a teaspoon of caviar.nNote: To make 6 tablespoons of clarified butter, slowly melt 8 tablespoons of butter in a small saucepan. Set it aside until the milk solids settle. Spoon off any solids that rise to the top and then carefully pour off the golden liquid, leaving the milky part in the bottom of the pan. Clarified butter has a higher burning temperature than melted butter., ingredients: [4 large baking potatoes 2 pounds, 2 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten, 6 tablespoons flour, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons clarified butter see note, 12 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 100 grams good caviar or salmon roe less than 4 ounces], title: Potato Pancakes with Caviar, picturelink: null}, 21744: {instructions: Top prepared brownies with scoops of butter pecan ice cream. Drizzle with caramel sauce and sprinkle with chopped pecans.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Butter Pecan Brownie Sundae, picturelink: ek7KkR9a8BUL0bNlh9iIov0SDjC1ju}, 21745: {instructions: Beat the cream cheese, heavy cream, sugar and vanilla in a bowl with a mixer until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes.nSpoon 14 cup chocolatehazelnut spread each into two 12ounce glass or plastic jars and smooth to make an even layer. Divide half of the cream cheese mixture between the 2 jars, then top each with a handful of raspberries. Repeat with the remaining chocolatehazelnut spread, cream cheese mixture and raspberries. Serve with cookies or baguette slices, or cover the jars with lids and pack them to go. The spread can be made the night before cover, refrigerate and return to room temperature before serving.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [1 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup chocolatehazelnut spread such as Nutella, 2 cups raspberries 1 pint, Short bread cookies, sliced baguette or ladyfingers, for serving], title: Berried Treasure, picturelink: imuwFBdrvck2oxcA8klUMn.VD9bFIa}, 21746: {instructions: For the Fish: Season the fish fillets with salt and pepper. Pour 3 tablespoons of oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, but not smoking, place fish in pan skin side down, gently pressing on the fish so it does not curl up. From this point turn down the heat to medium and do not touch the fish. The skin will become crispy and release itself from the pan. Cook for 4 minutes on the skin side, and turn the fish over, cooking for 2 more minutes or just until done. Keep warm.nFor the Ragout: In a medium saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of oil over mediumhigh heat. When hot, add the potatoes and onions, sauteing them until warmed through and a little color has appeared on the potatoes. Add the artichokes and olives and cook another 2 minutes. Pour in the chicken stock and season with salt and pepper. Continue cooking until the potatoes are tender. Drizzle remaining1 tablespoon of olive oil into the ragout before plating. Serve warm.nCut the lemon in half. Squeeze 1 tablespoon of juice from half of the lemon into a bowl, removing any seeds that may fall into the bowl. Slice the other half of the lemon into thin slices, and place them in the bowl. Add the garlic, tomatoes, and parsley to the bowl. Add 2 tablespoons of olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir to combine.nSpoon the ragout evenly into 4 warm bowls, or deep plates. Top the ragout with the fish, skin side up. Drizzle the sauce on top of the fish and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 7ounce snapper fillets, skin on, scaled, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 fingerling potatoes or small new potatoes, 12 cipollini onions, roasted, peeled, and halved, 12 artichoke hearts, cooked and quartered, 24 green olives, pitted, 12 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced small, 12 cup parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Crisp Red Snapper with Ragout of Potatoes, Onions, Artichokes, and Green Olives with Sauce Vierge, picturelink: pf3NKuRMSWcmXGvyeMx2Drk6vyrF6}, 21747: {instructions: Combine lemon juice, rind, shallot, 12 cup olive oil, and thyme in a large baking dish. Add hens and rub with the marinade, inside and out. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour, or up to 4. Remove from marinade, wipe any excess marinade off, and season with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in 2 separate saute pans over mediumhigh heat. Sear the hens in separate pans until golden brown on all sides. Transfer the hens to a large roasting pan and roast in the oven for 45 to 50 minutes or until cooked through. Remove the hens to a platter and let rest. Place the roasting pan over 2 burners on top of the stove set at mediumhigh heat. Degrease the pan leaving only 2 tablespoons of the drippings. Add the minced shallots to the roasting pan and cook until lightly golden brown. Add the wine and cook until reduced. Add the stock, lemon segments, and finely grated zest and cook until reduced by half. Add the 1 tablespoon thyme and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Serrano Ham.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the ham and cook until golden brown and crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Toss the Brussels sprouts with the remaining oil and place in a medium roasting pan and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until just cooked through, about 20 minutes. Add the ham and stir to combine., ingredients: [1 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 lemon, zested and coarsely chopped, plus 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon rind, 2 shallots, coarsely chopped, plus 2 shallots, finely diced, 12 olive oil, plus 14 cup, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 2 2 pound guinea hen, rinsed well with cold water and patted dry, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 cups homemade chicken stock, 1 lemon, peeled and segmented, Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Serrano Ham, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound slab Serrano ham, cut into 12inch dice, 1 pound Brussels sprouts, trimmed, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Roasted Guinea Hen with LemonThyme Pan Sauce and Brussels Sprouts with Serrano Ham, picturelink: null}, 21748: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFilling: Place apples, red hots, sugar and water in large saucepan. Bring apple mixture to a boil until red hots and sugar are dissolved apples should not be completely cooked. Take off heat. Add almond extract and tapioca to mixture. Let cool till room temperature.nCrust: Using food processor, pulse flour, pecans, salt, butter and sugar together. When you cant see large butter chunks, add water one tablespoon at a time. When dough forms, wrap in plastic wrap and place in refrigerator for 12 hour to 1 hour. Roll out on lightly floured board. Place bottom crust in buttered pie pan. Spoon room temperature apple mixture into bottom pie crust. Roll out remaining crust.nBake for 45 minutes.nServe with whipped cream, vanilla ice cream or all by itself., ingredients: [45 cups granny smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced no thinner than 14inch, 1 cup sugar, 9 oz package Cinnamon Imperials red hots, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 2 tablespoon butter, 12 cup water, 2 teaspoons tapioca, 1 cup flour, 12 cup roasted pecans, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks butter, cold and cut into squares, 12 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 34 tablespoons ice cold water], title: Candied Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 21749: {instructions: To make the woven chocolate bag: I used a tall round glass container that was about 4inches in diameter to give the front and back pieces their curve. Cover the container with parchment paper and tape it shut.nMake the front and back: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered white chocolate over a sheet of acetate. Use a paring knife to cut a piece that is about 9 inches wide by 10 inches tall. You will need 2 of these pieces. Let the chocolate set slightly. While the chocolate is still pliable, curve each piece around the glass container and gently pinch the sides together. It will take a moment for the chocolate to set but this will give the bag its unique shape. When the chocolate is set, pull the glass container from the middle and peel off the acetate.nMake the handbag base: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered white chocolate over a sheet of acetate. Use a paring knife to cut a base that is the shape of the space between the front and back. This is easy to do if you allow the chocolate to set slightly. Set the molded front and back on top of the chocolate and use a sharp paring knife to trace around the outside. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate. Use tempered chocolate to glue the piece into place at the bottom.nMake the weaving strips: Roll out the dark molding chocolate to a 20inch long rectangle. Use cornstarch to keep the modeling plastic from sticking to the rolling pin or the work surface. Use a sharp paring knife to cut 1inch wide strips that are about 18 inches long. Repeat using the white molding chocolate. You will need 9 dark strips and 8 white strips for the weave. You will need 2 to 4 more strips for the handle strap, depending on the length of the strap, and a few inches for the logo.nWeave the dark and white chocolate strips so the woven piece is slightly larger than the solid handbag. Place the handbag on its side so you can access the front. Use a pastry brush to paint a thin layer of tempered chocolate onto the front of the handbag. Carefully lift the woven piece and position it on top of the tempered chocolate, adhering it to the front of the bag. Use a sharp paring knife to trim as necessary., ingredients: [5 pounds white chocolate, tempered, Modeling chocolate, dark chocolate, Modeling chocolate, white chocolate, 5 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered], title: Chocolate Handbags, picturelink: null}, 21750: {instructions: Make mushroom consomme: In a 6quart stockpot or kettle, combine consomme ingredients and simmer, uncovered, 2 hours. Pour consomme through a large fine sieve lined with a rinsed and squeezed paper towel into a large saucepan, pressing gently on solids, to yield about 5 cups consomme if yield is not enough, add water to make 5 cups if too much, boil consomme until reduced to 5 cups. Season consomme with salt and pepper.nPrepare morels while consomme is simmering: In a small bowl pour boiling water over morels and let stand 20 minutes, or until morels are soft. Remove morels, reserving soaking liquid, and in a small saucepan simmer morels in Madeira, covered, 5 minutes. Add morel mixture to consomme. Let reserved soaking liquid settle and slowly pour it into consomme, being careful to leave last tablespoon containing sediment in bowl. Simmer consomme, covered, 3 minutes and cool to room temperature. Consomme can be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring consomme to room temperature before proceeding.nHave ready 6 12ounce truffle soup bowls or 9 to 10ounce ovenproof ramekins, each measuring 3 12 to 4inches across top. Divide consomme, including morels, and chives among bowls or ramekins.nPrepare pastry hats: On a lightly floured surface roll out 1 sheet puff pastry into a 12inch square. With a round cutter at least 34 inch larger than diameter of bowls cut out 4 rounds. Roll out second puff pastry sheet and cut out 2 more rounds in same manner. Brush any excess flour from both sides of rounds.nWorking with 1 pastry round at a time, brush a 12inchwide border of egg wash around pastry edges and invert pastry rounds over bowl or ramekins, carefully stretching 12inch down side and pressing to seal.nWhen all bowls or ramekins are covered with pastry, brush tops with remaining egg wash. Pastry covered consomme may be prepared up to this point 4 hours ahead and chilled. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange bowl or ramekins on a large baking sheet and bake consomme in middle of oven until pastry hats are puffed and golden, 12 to 18 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh white mushrooms, chopped finely preferably in a food processor, 2 onions, chopped, 2 quarts cold water, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups boiling water, 34 ounce dried morels about 1 cup, 34 cup Madeira, 2 tablespoons fresh chives, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 17 14ounce package frozen puff pastry sheets 2 pastry sheets, thawed, Egg wash, made by beating 1 large egg with 1 teaspoon water], title: Mushroom Consomme with Morels and Pastry Hats, picturelink: null}, 21751: {instructions: Special equipment: About 65 6 to 8inch bamboo skewersnButterfly shrimp by cutting almost, but not all the way, through backs. Toss with garlic, oil, and lime juice. Season with salt. Marinate, chilled, 1 hour.nPreheat broiler.nGently press 1 shrimp open and thread lengthwise onto a skewer near pointed end. Repeat with remaining shrimp and skewers.nArrange sates in a row on 1 long side of a broiler pan so that blunt ends of skewers point toward middle of pan. Cover exposed portions of skewers with a sheet of foil dont cover shrimp. Arrange another row of sates over foil. Continue adding rows of sates and layers of foil until pan is full, making sure exposed skewer ends of last row of sates are covered with foil.nBroil until shrimp are just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Serve sates with chutney for dipping.nDrain yogurt in a finemesh sieve set over a bowl, chill, 1 hour. Cook coriander and cumin in oil in a small skillet over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant. Coarsely chop chiles, then puree in a blender with drained yogurt, coriander mixture, and cilantro until smooth. Stir in lime juice, pistachios, and salt to taste., ingredients: [1 14 pounds deveined shelled shrimp about 32, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Chutney, recipe follows, 1 16ounce container plain yogurt, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 fresh jalapeno chiles, 3 with seeds and ribs removed, 2 cups fresh cilantro sprigs, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 cup shelled natural pistachios, toasted and finely ground], title: Shrimp Sates with Spiced Pistachio Chutney, picturelink: null}, 21752: {instructions: Heat a large griddle or nonstick skillet with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat. Season tomatoes with salt and black pepper and add to hot pan. Cook 1 minute per side, flipping with a spatula, until golden brown. Remove from heat.nIn a small bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, basil, chives, mustard, and lemon zest. Spread mixture on rolls. Top with seared tomatoes, catfish, lettuce leaves, and red onion., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 4 Roma tomatoes, sliced into 14inch thick rounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 4 long sandwich rolls, Cooked catfish fillets, about 12 ounces total, Lettuce leaves, Thinly sliced red onion], title: Catfish Hero with Seared Tomatoes and Herbed Mayo, picturelink: tqKS5EPgY1BqYtjnXB9C1BAPVeDbkoS}, 21753: {instructions: To make the cauliflower puree: Trim away the stem and core from the cauliflower. Cut it into large pieces and using a food processor, process it into small pieces. In a saucepan, combine the ground cauliflower and milk and bring to a simmer, cooking until very soft. Strain the cauliflower through a sieve set over a bowl, reserving the milk. Puree the cauliflower in a blender, using only as much milk as needed to blend well. Pass through a fine sieve and season with salt and sherry vinegar, to taste. Let cool.nTo prepare the vegetables and shellfish: Separate the chard leaves from the stem. Cut the stems into batons and blanch them in boiling salted water until tender. Cut the leaves into a large chiffonade. Clean the wood ear mushrooms in a large bowl of water, swishing them vigorously to remove any grit. Dry on paper towels.nFreeze the spiny tailed lobster just until the shell is frozen not the meat. Use scissors to cut across the top of the shell to separate it from the meat. Carefully remove the meat, and remove the digestive track by pulling it out through the back of the lobster with a tweezer.nTrim the scallops by removing the foot and rinsing the scallops quickly in cold water. Dry on paper towels.nTo make the white soy dashi butter: Put the soy sauce with dashi in a saucepan, bring to a boil, and reduce until its syrupy. Add the cream and continue to reduce by half. Slowly whisk in the butter pieces until the mixture is well emulsified. Season with lime juice, to taste. Hold the butter at 140 degrees F.nTo finish: Put the lobster, mushrooms, and chard leaves and stems in the warm soy dashi butter and cook them slowly just to warm through.nHeat the clarified butter in a heavy skillet until almost smoking. Add the scallops, reduce the heat, and cook until golden brown. Turn and sear the other side. The total time in the pan should be about 4 minutes. Transfer the scallops to a plate and let rest.nMelt the 2 tablespoons of butter in a nonstick pan over medium heat. Crack the quail eggs into the pan, being careful not to puncture the yolks. Cook the quail eggs sunny side up, until the whites are set and the yolks are still runny.nRemove the lobster and vegetables from the butter. Slice the lobster tail into four medallions.nPut four dollops of the cold cauliflower puree in the center of a plate. Top with the vegetables, a medallion of lobster, and a scallop. Place the sea urchin tongue atop the scallop and top with the fried quail egg., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, 2 cups milk, Salt, Sherry vinegar, 1 bunch yellow Swiss chard or bok choy but not red chard, 1 cup fresh wood ear mushrooms, 1 spiny tailed lobster, 4 giant sea scallops U10, 2 cups white soy sauce with dashi, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 12 pounds butter, cold and cut into pieces, Fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons clarified butter, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 quail eggs, 4 sea urchin tongues], title: Diver Scallop and Spiny Lobster with White Soy, Cauliflower, and Egg, picturelink: null}, 21754: {instructions: In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, add the butter, peanut butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar, and blend on mediumhigh speed until creamy. Turn off the mixer and use a rubber spatula to scrape the sides of the bowl, pushing everything back towards the center. Then add the salt, vanilla and egg, and blend until combined. Lower the speed of the mixer and add the flour in 12cup intervals. Between each addition be sure to completely blend in all the flour and scrape the sides as before. Once completely combined, scrape the dough out of the mixer, add to a container with a lid and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper.nRemove the cookie dough from the refrigerator and, using a tablespoon, scoop out the dough and roll into a ball between your hands. Then roll the formed ball in the turbinado sugar and place on the prepared baking sheets. Repeat for the rest of the balls, making sure to separate them on the sheet by about 1 inch. Try chopping roasted peanuts and adding them to the sugar before rolling out all the balls or add a drop of food coloring to the sugar to make the cookies even more festivenOnce all the balls are on the baking sheet, make an indentation in the center of each using the rounded end of a wooden spoon, the back of a rounded teaspoon or your good oldfashioned thumb. Fill the center of each with about 12 teaspoon strawberry preserves. Bake until lightly golden, about 12 minutes. Remove to a wire rack. Let cool before serving., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter 12 cup, room temperature, 12 cup peanut butter, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, beaten, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup turbinado or raw cane sugar recommended: Sugar in the Raw, 13 cup strawberry preserves], title: Sunnys Holiday PB and J Thumbprints, picturelink: rm6RrmUl82uopD5ZKjLIB8RajCFsXJe}, 21755: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the pepperoni and cook, tossing, until the fat is rendered and the pepperoni are crisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate to soak up the extra fat.nIn a large bowl, mix together the cream cheese, Italian seasoning and scallions until well blended, then season with salt and pepper. Add Sunnys CocoaCola BBQ Sauce and stir to incorporate. Fold in the chicken, pepperoni and both cheeses. Pour everything into a 7by11inch casserole dish.nBake until the cheese is melted and bubbling around the edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve warm with the dippers of your choice.nIn a medium saucepot on mediumhigh heat, add the CocaCola, ketchup, onion, Worcestershire, vinegar, red pepper flakes, garlic, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until reduced and thickened to barbecue sauce consistency, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 ounce pepperoni 15 to 20 slices, coarsely chopped, 16 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 4 scallions, white and green parts, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup Sunnys CocaCola BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 1 rotisserie chicken, skin discarded, white and dark meat finely chopped not shredded, 12 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 12 cup shredded Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheese blend, For serving: any combination of bread sticks, pretzel sticks, crackers, toasted baguette slices, corn tortilla chips, carrot sticks, celery sticks and Granny Smithred apple wedges, 12 ounces CocaCola, 1 12 cups ketchup, 12 cup chopped white onion, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp or finely minced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Sunnys BBQ Chicken and Pepperoni Dip, picturelink: q0w3QEh.hYYfgWIGRG5qUEkjraBbebO}, 21756: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In an electric mixer beat eggs well and then add and beat well the oil, sugar and vanilla. Sift together salt, flour and baking powder, add to egg mixture and beat until just incorporated. Add nuts and any other additions at this time, fold in but dont overmix. The dough will be sticky, refrigerate for a few hours or longer, if needed. Coat hands with flour and then divide dough into thirds and shape each into long rolls 3 inches wide on a cookie sheet. They can be left straight or shaped into half moons. Bake for 30 minutes or until a little golden.nRemove from the oven, slice into 12inch slices with a serrated knife and return to cookie sheet. Either lay them flat on the cookie sheet or stand them on their ends. They may be sprinkled with cinnamon sugar at this point. Return to the oven and turn off the heat. Leave them in oven until oven cools or overnight. The longer one leaves them in the oven the harder they will become., ingredients: [3 eggs, 1 cup oil or butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup chopped natural almonds, Additional options: lemon or orange zest, cocoa, other kinds of nuts, almond extract, cinnamon sugar for dusting], title: Mandelbrot, picturelink: null}, 21757: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine everything except the halfandhalf until just combined. Do not over mix. Mixture will not be creamed, just mixed together.nQuickly pour in 1 14 cups of the halfandhalf while mixing quickly. If the dough appears at all dry add the remaining 14 cups of half  half until just combined. Again, do not over mix.nTurn the dough out onto a very well floured surface. If the dough is very sticky, flour the top of the dough also. Pat the mixture into a layer 34 to 1inch thick. Using a 2inch diameter round cutter, cut out the scones, dipping the cutter into flour each time between cuts. Place each scone, as cut, onto a parchment paper covered sheet pan leaving 2 to 3 inches between each scone. This should make 12 round scones. You can also form dough into rectangular shape and cut with a knife into 12 square or triangle scones.nBake for about 18 minutes or until golden brown on both the top and bottom of scones., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the counter, 2 12 cups rolled oats, 34 cup white sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 ounces sweet butter, cold and diced small, 1 cup golden raisins, 1 12 cups halfandhalf], title: Levain Bakery Oatmeal Raisin Scones, picturelink: null}, 21758: {instructions: In a large stockpot, bring the water, cloves, ginger, black peppercorn, bay leaves and salt to a boil. Lower to a simmer and stir in the honey and maple syrup until well blended. Turn off heat and allow to cool to room temperature.nRinse the turkey inside and out with cold tap water. Reserve the neck and specialty meats for pan gravy. Set the turkey in the brine, making sure that the turkey is fully immersed in the brine. Place a weight on top of the turkey to make sure it is always covered with brine. Marinate for at least 4 hours to overnight, depending on the weight of the turkey, in the refrigerator.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a shallow roasting pan, place the carrots, celery and onions. Remove turkey from brine.nMix together the butter, garlic, chopped rosemary, and sage to make a compound butter. Using your hands, loosen to the skin from the breast by gently inserting your fingers between the skin and the flesh. Rub the compound butter underneath the skin. Insert the apples, onions, and whole rosemary and sage into the cavity of the turkey.nPlace the turkey over the vegetables, breastside up, in the roasting pan. Tuck the wings back and under the turkey. Using kitchen twine, tie the legs together. This will make a compact shape and will create a great presentation. Drizzle the turkey with olive oil and rub it into the skin. Roast the turkey to at least 165 degrees F in the breast, about 2 12 hours. If the skin gets too dark during roasting, tent with foil.nTransfer turkey to a platter and allow to cool. Meanwhile, prepare the pan gravy.nTilt the pan and skim as much fat as possible off the juice with a spoon. Set the pan on 2 burners set on medium heat. Deglaze roasting pan with white wine and Madeira. Scrape the bottom of the pan to loosen any brown bits. Reduce until only a quarter remains. Add the turkey stock, thyme and parsley. Bring to a boil and strain into a saucepan. Bring back to a boil, skim and lower to a simmer. Whisk in the beurre manie until well incorporated and continue to cook until gravy has thickened. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nHeat a saucepan over high heat. When the pan is hot, add the olive oil and heat. Add the neck and giblets and cook until browned all over, about 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and deglaze with the port. Return the pan to the heat and cook until the port is almost completely evaporated, about 10 minutes.nAdd the carrots, onions, celery, rosemary and peppercorns. Cover with cold water by 4inches. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer, and simmer for 2 hours, adding a little more water, if necessary. Skim any scum that rises to the surface of the stock and discard.nStrain the stock. Use immediately, or cool and refrigerate for up to 4 days., ingredients: [1 gallon water, 12 ounce ground cloves, 12 ounce ground ginger, 4 ounces cracked black peppercorns, 12 bay leaves, 1 pound kosher salt, 24 ounces honey, 24 ounces maple syrup, 1 10pound whole fresh turkey, giblets and neck removed and reserved for stock, 1 stick butter, room temperature, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage leaves, 2 apples, quartered and cored, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, 2 rosemary sprigs, 3 sprigs sage, Olive oil, for drizzling, 1 cup cubed carrots, 1 cup cubed celery, 1 cup cubed onions, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup Madeira wine, 4 cups turkey stock, recipe follows, 1 sprig thyme, 2 sprigs parsley, Beurre manie 2 ounces butter mixed with 2 ounces flour until it forms a soft dough, Salt and pepper, Giblets and neck from 1 turkey, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup port wine, 1 cup roughly chopped onions, 12 cup roughly chopped carrots, 12 cup roughly chopped celery, 2 sprigs rosemary, 5 peppercorns, Water, to cover], title: Brined Roast Turkey with Pan Gravy, picturelink: null}, 21759: {instructions: Special equipment: Two 12cup muffin tinsnWarm 14 cup of the milk in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat to anywhere between 100 and 115 degrees F. Pour the milk into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a hook attachment. Add the sugar and yeast, and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Add the softened butter, half the flour, half the remaining milk and fine salt. Mix on mediumhigh speed just to incorporate. Add the egg, mix until fully incorporated, then add the remaining flour and milk. Knead with the hook on mediumhigh speed until the dough is smooth and pulls away from the sides, about 5 minutes the dough will still be sticky.nLightly butter a large bowl with some of the melted butter, and turn the dough out into it. Cover with plastic wrap, and let stand in a slightly warm place until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nLightly butter two 12cup muffin tins with some of the melted butter. Punch the dough down. Divide it into 24 even pieces, and roll them into rough balls. Roll each ball in the melted butter to coat, letting the excess drip off, and plop it into a muffin cup. Cover lightly with plastic wrap, and let rise in the refrigerator at least 8 hours and up to 1 day.nPosition oven racks in the lower and upper thirds of the oven, and preheat to 375 degrees F. Remove the tins from the refrigerator, and let stand at room temperature 1 hour the dough wont puff up significantly. Sprinkle evenly with sea salt, and bake, rotating the tins halfway through, until just lightly golden but still rather pale and almost cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes.nLet the parbaked rolls cool slightly in the tins, then transfer to cooling racks to cool completely. Pack them in resealable plastic bags, label and date, and freeze for up to 2 weeks.nTo serve, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the frozen rolls on a parchmentlined baking sheet until warmed through and golden brown on top, about 20 minutes. Brush the warm rolls with melted butter., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons sugar, One 14ounce package active dry yeast about 2 14 teaspoons, 6 tablespoons softened unsalted butter, plus 6 tablespoons melted, plus more melted for brushing, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling], title: MakeAhead Dinner Rolls, picturelink: V8vPtanIZ0y2ZpF5FWqgq6T0KG4kJcy}, 21760: {instructions: For the salad: Combine all ingredients, except tortillas into a bowl and mix well.nMix the dressing ingredients and add to salad with tortillas. Toss lightly being careful not to break up tortillas too small., ingredients: [1 medium jicama, peeled and sliced, 1 small red pepper, stem, seeds and membrane removed and julienned, 1 small green pepper, stem seeds and membrane removed and julienned, 1 small yellow bell pepper, stem, seeds and membrane removed and julienned, 1 small head of red cabbage, julienned thin, 2 yellow corn tortillas, julienned thin and fried, 2 red corn tortillas, julienned thin and fried, 2 blue corn tortillas, julienned thin and fried, 14 cup canola oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 shallots, minced, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 2 limes juiced, 2 tablespoons honey, Salt, Cracked black pepper], title: JicamaCilantro Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 21761: {instructions: Trim excess fat from ham.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nWash cabbage, kale and onions with cold water. Chop or shred cabbage, kale, and onions and place in a large bowl. Add red and black pepper. Mix all ingredients thoroughly.nPrepare ham for stuffing by making 1 or 2inch slits all over the ham, about 1 to 2inches deep. Using your gloved hand, press stuffing into slits until full. Fill large cavity where bone was located with stuffing also.nWhen finished stuffing, tie ham with string. Wrap ham with cheesecloth and tie securely. Cover ham with aluminum foil and bake for 5 hours.nWhen ham is finished, drain and let ham cool down overnight in the refrigerator before carving. Serve cold., ingredients: [One 20 to 22pound corned ham, boned, 10 pounds cabbage, 1 to 1 12 pounds kale, 3 pounds onion, 2 12 to 3 tablespoons crushed red pepper, 1 to 1 12 tablespoons black pepper, 1 package cheesecloth], title: Raleys Market Stuffed Ham, picturelink: null}, 21762: {instructions: 1. In small skillet heat pine nuts over medium heat for 2 to 5 minutes or until golden brown, shaking pan frequently. Remove from heat. Set aside.n2. In medium bowl stir together cream cheese, pesto, lemon juice, lemon peel and pepper. Stir in cheese and milk. Stir in salt if desired. Transfer to serving bowl. Sprinkle with pine nuts. Serve with Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Pita Crackers Sea Salt., ingredients: [Town 1 tablespoon pine nuts, 1 package 8 oz. cream cheese, 12 cup prepared pesto, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon grated lemon peel, 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 13 cup milk, 14 teaspoon kosher salt optional, Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Pita Crackers Sea Salt], title: Creamy Pesto Dip, picturelink: EXw8TJm4qGQpAgWuzuN4vf2eTROzfvy}, 21763: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the tomato base: In a large pot, heat the oil over medium heat and add the carrots, onions, peppers, and celery, and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, chile, herbs, and seasonings and cook until fragrant. Add the wine, vinegar, Worcestershire, and hot sauce and reduce until the liquid is almost evaporated. Add the tomatoes and all of the fish stock, bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook for 1 to 1 12 hours, stirring occasionally. Strain through a fine strainer, discarding the solids.nFor the seafood: Place the strained liquid into a clean pot and bring to a simmer. Add the crab, clams, mussels, and sea bass, cover the pot, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the prawns and cook an additional 2 to 3 minutes.nTo serve: Divide the seafood into 6 large bowls and ladle the broth over top. Serve with garlic bread.nIn a large pot, add all of the ingredients and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 45 minutes. Strain, reserving the broth and discarding the solids., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 small carrot, chopped, 1 small yellow onion, chopped, 12 green bell pepper, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small serrano chile, 12 bunch fresh basil, chopped, 12 bunch fresh oregano, chopped, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 12 teaspoons black peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 12 bottle good red wine, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 10 cups canned pureed tomatoes, about five 15ounce cans recommended: Di Napoli, San Marzanostyle, Fish Stock, recipe follows, 3 whole Dungeness crab legs and bodies, with the crabmeat intact, 18 littleneck clams, scrubbed clean, 18 black mussels, bearded and scrubbed clean, 1 12 pounds fresh sea bass or other firm fish, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 12 peeled and deveined prawns shells reserved for stock, Serving suggestion: Garlic bread, 1 pound fresh fish bones, plus the head if you can get it, 2 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 1 small carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 small yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, mashed, 14 bunch parsley stems, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, Shells from the prawns, 11 to 12 cups clam juice], title: San FranciscoStyle Cioppino, picturelink: 4gTGZ4b67q7dYdf5qKcIzLlNGtZen3m}, 21764: {instructions: Grate 3 tomatoes into a bowl, discarding any remaining skin. Chop the remaining tomato and set aside. Bring 3 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the grits and the grated tomatoes reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, turning, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate discard all but 1 tablespoon drippings from the skillet. Let the bacon cool slightly, then crumble. Heat the bacon drippings over mediumhigh heat. Crack in the eggs and cook until the whites are set and the yolks are cooked to desired doneness, 2 to 5 minutes.nTop each serving of grits with bacon, chopped tomato, cheese and a fried egg season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 large plum tomatoes, 34 cup quickcooking grits, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 slices bacon, 4 large eggs, 1 cup grated cheddar cheese], title: Tomato Grits with Fried Eggs, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 21765: {instructions: For the red velvet cake: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line an 8inch square baking pan with foil, leaving an overhang on all sides. Coat the foil with cooking spray.nWhisk together the flour, granulated sugar, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl set aside. Stir together the cocoa powder and 2 tablespoons very hot water in a small bowl until smooth let cool slightly. Stir together the milk and vinegar in another small bowl, and let stand until thickened, 3 to 5 minutes.nWhisk together the oil, eggs and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth. Whisk in the food coloring and the cocoa mixture. Alternate whisking in the flour mixture in three additions and the milk mixture in two, starting and ending with the flour, until just combined. Pour into the prepared pan.nBake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Once the cake is cool enough to touch, press it down slightly to make the layer even. Place the pan on a cooling rack and let cool completely.nFor the cheesecake: While the red velvet cake bakes, combine the gelatin with 2 tablespoons water in a small microwavesafe bowl, and set aside to soften, about 5 minutes.nHeat the granulated sugar and corn syrup over medium heat in a small skillet. Cook, swirling the pan but not stirring, until the mixture turns amber, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat, and carefully whisk in the cream and bourbon. If the caramel seizes and hardens, continue to stir over medium heat until it melts and is smooth again. Bring the mixture to a fast simmer, and cook until the caramel thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon, 3 to 4 minutes. Let cool to room temperature, stirring occasionally to help the caramel cool faster.nBeat the cream cheese with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until completely smooth, about 1 minute. Scrape down the side of the bowl. Add the cooled caramel, sour cream and confectioners sugar, and beat on mediumhigh speed until incorporated and smooth, about 1 minute.nMicrowave the gelatin until melted, stirring as needed, about 30 seconds. Add it to the cream cheese mixture, and beat on mediumhigh speed to combine, about 30 seconds.nSpread the cheesecake mixture over the red velvet cake in an even layer. Cover loosely with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until set, at least 2 hours.nMake the whipped cream: Beat the cream and confectioners sugar together with an electric mixer at mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until medium peaks form. Spread the cream over the cheesecake.nUse the foil overhang to lift the bars out of the pan. Peel down the foil, and thinly trim the edges of the bars. Cut into 12 even rectangles, wiping the knife clean between cuts., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 cup milk, 1 tablespoon white distilled vinegar, 23 cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon red food coloring, Cheesecake:, One 14ounce packet unflavored powdered gelatin, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons bourbon or 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 34 cup sour cream, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, Whipped Cream:, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar], title: Red Velvet Bourbon Cheesecake Bars, picturelink: fMtKxNmbxrswT5vG823DLa.7WpWmVdm}, 21766: {instructions: Heat the oil and butter in a large saucepan or Dutch oven over low heat, add the onions, season with salt and pepper, and saute until very soft and golden, 20 to 30 minutes. Add the cloves, paprika, raisins, and stock, cover and simmer 1 hour.nRemove cover and simmer 30 more minutes, adjusting seasoning as needed. Drizzle a few tablespoons of the hot soup stock into the yolks while beating to temper them, then add the yolks to the soup. Stir and simmer the soup for 3 to 4 minutes, or until thickened slightly.nStir in the Madeira. To serve, ladle soup into individual bowls and serve with bread., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 12 pounds onions, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cloves, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 5 cups beef stock, 4 egg yolks, lightly beaten, 14 cup Sercial Madeira], title: Madeira Onion Soup, picturelink: null}, 21767: {instructions: Mix the crumbs and 3 tablespoons of sugar together. Melt the butter and stir into the crumb mixture. Press into the bottom of a greased 9inch round, springform cake pan. Set aside. Using an electric beater, blend the cream cheese and the remaining sugar together until creamy, wiping down the sides of the bowl and the beaters with a spatula to incorporate all the cheese. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating after each addition. Add the vanilla and lemon juice to the cream, then slowly stir into the cheese mixture.nMeanwhile, preheat oven to 350 degrees. Put the prepared round cake pan into a slightly larger rectangular pan. Pour the cheese mixture into the prepared pan. Set both pans in the oven and fill the rectangular pan with water, half way up the sides of the round pan. Bake until firm and golden brown, approximately 45 to 50 minutes. Cool completely before removing from the pan., ingredients: [2 cups graham cracker crumbs or cookie crumbs, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 stick butter, 3 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Finale Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 21768: {}, 21769: {instructions: For the brown sauce:nMake a roux: add the flour and butter to a small bowl and whisk until combined. Put beef stock in saucepan, over low heat, and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the roux and combine until smooth. No lumpsnFor the Steak au Poivre:nWith a meat mallet gently pound the peppercorns onto both sides of steak. Place a saucepan on medium heat, add olive oil and heat until smoking. Add the steak, turning once or twice until cooked to desired doneness. Add shallots and garlic and stir. Do not allow to burn. Remove pan from heat and deglaze with brandy. Light brandy with a long kitchen match and when the flames subside, place the pan back on the stove. Add brown sauce and whisk in the heavy cream. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. If desired, you may remove steak before final mixing. Place steak on a serving platter and pour the au poivre mixture on top. Garnish with chopped parsley and serve., ingredients: [1ounce allpurpose flour, 1ounce butter, 8 ounces beef stock, 1 tablespoon crushed peppercorns, 14 to 16ounces New York strip steak, trimmed, 1ounce olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, Pinch minced garlic, 2 ounces brandy, 2 ounces heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Steak Au Poivre, picturelink: null}, 21770: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat indoor grill or griddle.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, cream, vanilla, cinnamon, pinch of salt and sugar until well combined.nLay 6 slices of bread out and lightly brush egg mixture around edges. Press a pocket in the middle of each slice of bread for the filling. Heap 2 teaspoons of apple or cherry pie filling in the middle of each bread pocket.nTake remaining 6 slices and brush the edges with egg mixture. Place on top of bread with filling and seal edges with fingers.nDip stuffed bread in the egg mixture and place on sprayed griddle cook for 6 to 8 minutes, turning once, until lightly browned. Sprinkle with cinnamon andor powdered sugar., ingredients: [6 jumbo eggs, beaten, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, plus more for topping, Salt, 14 cup sugar, 12 slices brioche bread, about 12inch thick, 6 ounces apple pie filling, 6 ounces cherry pie filling, Nonstick cooking spray, Powdered sugar, for topping], title: SuperStuffed French Toast, picturelink: rpze8kq1DBmc8HiSQc0sRU0EbDm8G}, 21771: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the sauce: In a medium bowl whisk together the creme fraiche, mustard, lemon zest, lemon juice and salt. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nFor the salmon: Sprinkle the salmon fillets on all sides with the salt. Heat the olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. With tongs, gently place the salmon, fleshside down, in the pan. Allow the salmon to cook, undisturbed, for 3 minutes to form a golden crust. Using a spatula, gently flip each fillet. Transfer the pan to the oven for an additional 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and cover with foil to keep warm.nFor the succotash: Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the red peppers and shallots and cook for 4 minutes, stirring often with a wooden spoon. Add the corn, edamame and salt and cook for another 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the kale, basil and lemon juice.nTo serve: Spread 2 tablespoons of the sauce in a circle on each serving plate. Top with 12 cup of the succotash, and a salmon fillet. Serve with sauce on the side if desired., ingredients: [12 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 2 teaspoons lemon zest 1 large lemon, 14 cup lemon juice 2 lemons, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Four 6ounce skinless salmon fillets, wild preferred, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small red bell pepper, diced 34 cup, 1 large shallot, diced 14 cup, 1 cup corn kernels, cut from 2 cobs, or 1 cup thawed frozen corn, 34 cup frozen shelled edamame, thawed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup baby kale, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 teaspoons lemon juice], title: PanSeared Salmon with Summer Succotash, picturelink: CtRxlS6p1qy2NO3t3WgSR4YMQbHex.}, 21772: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the strawberries, cherimoyas, mint, orange juice, and lime juice. Mix well and set aside.nIn a medium nonstick pan, heat over medium heat. Add the butter. When the butter has melted, add the panela and cook for 3 minutes. Cook until the panela has dissolved completely to the butter then add the bananas. Cook for 3 minutes longer then add the rum away from the heat. Cook for 2 minutes. Coat the bananas well with the rum butter sauce. Transfer the bananas and sauce to a plate and top with strawberry and cherimoya salsa., ingredients: [10 strawberries, stems removed and cut into 14inch pieces, 1 cherimoya, peeled, seeded and diced in 14inch pieces, 1 teaspoon chopped mint, 12 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon grated panela or piloncillo if not available, use brown sugar, 3 bananas, peeled and cut in 12inch rings, 14 cup spiced rum], title: Bananas Faustos with Cherimoya Salsa, picturelink: null}, 21773: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the meat with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a small ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and brown on all sides, about 6 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven roast until a thermometer inserted into the meat registers 125 degrees F, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board let rest 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, put the potatoes in a saucepan, cover with cold water and add salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until just tender, up to 5 minutes. Drain and let cool.nMix the roasted peppers, shallot, vinegar, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the capers, garlic, rosemary, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Thinly slice the beef and arrange on the potato rounds top with the pepper salsa. Serve warm or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 pounds beef tenderloin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 small redskinned potatoes, sliced 14 inch thick, 23 cup jarred roasted red peppers, drained, rinsed and diced, 1 small shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon capers, chopped, 14 teaspoon finely grated garlic, 14 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, Large pinch of sugar], title: PotatoBeef Canapes, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 21774: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil and put in the oven to heat.nSpread the carrots in a single layer on the hot baking sheet. Combine the olive oil and 1 tablespoon of honey in small bowl and pour over the carrots. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Roast the carrots start until they start to blister, 10 minutes.nMix together the remaining 1 tablespoon honey and the soy sauce. Drizzle the mixture over the hot carrots and toss to coat. Sprinkle with the sesame seeds and chopped parsley and serve., ingredients: [2 bunches baby carrots, peeled, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons black sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley], title: HoneyRoasted Carrots with Sesame Seeds, picturelink: el1nyDooIWKNGx.gPgz1a6rWd8t546}, 21775: {instructions: In a magnalite pot or a pot with a thick bottom, saute onions and garlic in margarine over medium to medium low heat until onions are transparent. Add cream of celery and cream of shrimp soups and cook for 15 minutes over medium heat. Stir as needed to eliminate sticking.nStir in crawfish tails and continue to cook over medium heat. Add Creole seasoning to taste. Stir often to mix ingredients and to keep from sticking to pan. Simmer for 2030 minutes. Thin with a little water if etouffee is too thick.nServe in a plate over white rice. Etouffee also freezes well., ingredients: [5 large onions, diced, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 pound margarine recommended: Parkay brand, 1 can cream of celery soup, 1 can cream of shrimp soup to replace crawfish fat which is no longer sold, 5 pounds Louisiana crawfish tails, peeled, Creole seasoning recommended: Tony Chachere Original Creole Seasoning, Cooked white rice], title: Crawfish Etouffee, picturelink: null}, 21776: {instructions: In a medium skillet, heat sugar with water. Heat until it melts and becomes a caramel.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the pears and the almonds. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise and scrape the insides into the bowl with the pears, reserving the pod.nAdd the orange juice and the vanilla pod to the caramel and bring the mixture to a boil. Add the star anise and reduce for 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd the reserved tomato pulp, lemon and orange zests, cinnamon and mint to the bowl with the pears and add 14 of the caramel mixture. Stir to blend.nStuff the insides of the tomatoes with the mixture and top with the hats. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the tomatoes into a baking dish and pour the caramel into the base of the dish.nPlace the pan in the oven and cook, basting from time to time, 8 to 10 minutes.nServe the tomatoes, with the remaining caramel, and vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup water, 1 pear, ripe but firm, peeled and diced, 3 tablespoons slivered almonds, 1 vanilla bean, 6 red tomatoes, top removed like a hat, the pulp scooped out and reserved, 1 lemon, zested, 12 orange, zested, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 8 mint leaves, stemmed and finely chopped, 2 12 cups orange juice, 1 whole piece star anise, 6 generous scoops vanilla ice cream], title: Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: MwkK6jb3Of.TRIFbFvJessk1dL3Tiy}, 21777: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small nonreactive saucepan, combine 14 cup water, strawberries, rhubarb and 3 tablespoons of the sugar and heat over mediumhigh heat. Let mixture simmer for 20 to 30 minutes or until thickened and fruit has broken down, like a thick jam. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature. When cool, strain off any extra liquid. Can be prepared in advance.nIn a small bowl, add remaining 3 tablespoons sugar and vanilla. Every so often, while preparing ingredients, stir with a small fork to combine. The sugar with absorb the vanilla.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the rhubarbstrawberry compote with the cream cheese, sour cream, 1 egg, lemon zest and pistachios.nIn a small bowl, beat the remaining egg and add 1 tablespoon of water.nCover a large baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking sheet. Working quickly with the dough, unfold the sheets. Cut each sheet into 4 equal squares. Place a scant 14 cup filling inside each square and wet the outer edges with egg wash. Fold the pastry over to form a triangle and seal with a fork. Brush with egg wash and sprinkle with the vanilla sugar.nTransfer to the prepared baking sheet and bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Let rest for 10 minutes before serving. Garnish top with powdered sugar and sliced strawberries., ingredients: [14 cup water, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 pint strawberries, stems removed, plus sliced strawberries for garnish, 34 cup fresh or frozen rhubarb, if fresh peel outside layer, cut into 12inch pieces, 6 tablespoons sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup whipped cream cheese, room temperature, 14 cup sour cream, 2 eggs, divided, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 13 cup chopped pistachios, 2 sheets frozen puff pastry, from 1 17ounce package, thawed according to package directions, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Turnovers, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 21778: {instructions: Bring a few inches of water to a boil in a saucepan that can hold a heatproof stand mixers bowl above the water.nAdd the sugar, lemon juice, salt and egg whites to the mixing bowl, and whisk together by hand. Set the bowl above the boiling water and whisk until the mixture is warm to the touch and the sugar completely dissolves. Transfer to the stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat at mediumhigh speed until cool and the whites hold stiff peaks, 10 to 15 minutes.nToss in a couple of chunks of butter at a time, making sure the pieces are incorporated before adding more. After all the butter is added, continue whisking on mediumhigh speed. The mixture will deflate and appear curdled. Continue whisking until the buttercream comes back together to form a smooth and spreadable consistency. Slowly drizzle in the optional flavoring while beating until smooth and light. If the frosting is very soft or begins to break, refrigerate until set but still spreadable and then beat until light before using.nChocolate:nRemove the buttercream from the stand mixer into a large bowl and, in three batches, fold in 6 ounces melted and cooled bittersweet chocolate.nCitrus:nStir in the zest of half a lemon or orange.nBoozy:nStir in 2 tablespoons coffeeflavored liqueur and 1 tablespoon vodka., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Pinch fine salt, 4 large egg whites, 3 sticks 12 ounces unsalted butter, cut into 1 12inch chunks, at room temperature, Flavoring suggestions see below], title: Swiss Buttercream, picturelink: zMQeAu5R5D.0JRxEQaPXl78UhZgLJG6}, 21779: {instructions: In a large saucepan set over moderate heat cook beets and onion in butter, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add broth, thyme, bay leaf and salt and pepper to taste and simmer soup, covered, for 15 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Transfer to a food processor or blender and puree, in batches if necessary, until smooth. Return soup to saucepan, stir in cream and vinegar and bring soup to a simmer, stirring, until heated through. Garnish each serving with cream and dill, if desired., ingredients: [1 pound about 3 beets, roasted, peeled and sliced, 1 cup minced onion, 3 tablespoons butter, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 fresh thyme or 12 teaspoon dried, 1 bay leaf, Salt and pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 to 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Lightly whipped cream and dill sprigs for garnish optional], title: Creamy Roasted Beet Soup, picturelink: null}, 21780: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nGrease a 6cup popover pan with the 1 teaspoon of butter.nCombine the 1 tablespoon of butter, the flour, salt, eggs and milk in a food processor or blender and process for 30 seconds.nDivide the batter evenly among the cups of the popover pan, filling each onethird to onehalf full. Bake on the middle rack of the oven for 40 minutes, taking care not to open the oven door. Remove the popovers to a cooling rack and pierce each one in the top with a knife to allow steam to escape. Serve warm.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus 1 teaspoon for the pan, 4 34 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature], title: Basic Popovers, picturelink: 8Vu2T2Yejn9fvgZI3dA0jUrm7im7Q1e}, 21781: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 425F. Grease 14inch pizza pan. Unroll dough place in greased pan. Starting at center, press out dough to edge of pan. Bake at 425F. for 6 to 8 minutes or until crust begins to brown. 2. Meanwhile, in medium bowl, combine eggs, salt and pepper beat well. Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add eggs cook 1 to 2 minutes or until firm but still moist, stirring frequently. 3. Remove partially baked crust from oven. Spoon and spread eggs over crust. Top with ham, chiles and cheese. 4. Return to oven bake an additional 8 to 12 minutes or until crust is deep golden brown. Sprinkle with cilantro., ingredients: [1 10oz. can Pillsbury Refrigerated Pizza Crust, 6 eggs, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup juliennecut strips or chopped cooked ham, 1 4.5oz. can Old El Paso Chopped Green Chiles, 6 oz. 1 12 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese or hot pepper Monterey Jack cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, if desired], title: Ham and Chile Brunch Pizza, picturelink: null}, 21782: {instructions: Put the garlic, basil leaves, salt, and pine nuts in a food processor or use a pestle and mortar if youre a purist. With the motor running, add the extravirgin olive oil in a thin steady stream. Once you have an even consistency, add the freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese to the food processor, and puree for a few more seconds., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, 4 cups fresh basil leaves, washed and thoroughly dried, 12 tablespoon coarse sea salt, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese], title: Pesto, picturelink: null}, 21783: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, 34 teaspoon salt, garlic, rosemary, and pepper. Gradually whisk in 12 cup of the oil to make a dressing. Set aside.nPreheat a stove top grill pan or outdoor grill to medium heat. Brush the peppers, zucchini, eggplant, mushrooms, and onion with the remaining oil. Grill the peppers until lightly browned and tender, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer the peppers to a pan or large platter. Grill the zucchini, until softened and lightly browned and tender, about 3 minutes per side transfer to the pan with the peppers. Grill the mushrooms, until soft but not flabby, about 2 minutes per side set aside with the other vegetables. Grill the onions until soft, about 5 minutes per side set aside with the other vegetables. Drizzle a tablespoon of the dressing over the vegetables and season with salt and pepper to taste.nTo make the Dagwood sandwich: Split the bread in half to make two evenly thick square pieces. Brush the dressing on the cut sides. Make a layer of each of the grilled vegetables that evenly covers one piece of the bread, overlapping the pieces slightly, if necessary. Top with a layer of the tomatoes, season with salt and pepper. Lay the arugula on top and drizzle them with about a tablespoon of the dressing. Finish the sandwich off with the cheese and lay the other piece of bread on top. Wrap the sandwich tightly in plastic wrap. Place the wrapped sandwich on a cutting board or baking sheet and weigh it down with a heavy object, such as a castiron skillet, for about 1 hour. When ready to serve cut into 4 to 6 pieces equal pieces., ingredients: [2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 34 teaspoon kosher salt plus more, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped rosemary leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 yellow bell pepper, seeded and quartered, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and quartered, 1 pound zucchini, cut on a diagonal into slices about 5 inches long and 14inch thick, 1 pound eggplant, cut on a diagonal into slices about 5 inches long and 14inch, 3 medium portobello mushrooms, stemmed, dark gills removed, sliced 14inch thick, 1 medium red onion, cut into 14inch thick slices, 1 large vineripened tomato, cut into 14 inch slices, 12 pound fresh or smoked mozzarella, cut into 18 inch thick slices, or 4 ounces fresh goat cheese cut into 8 pieces, 1 cup arugula or basil leaves, washed and dried, One 9inch square piece of focaccia bread, about 1 to 1 14 pounds], title: Grilled Vegetable Dagwood Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 21784: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Once the oil is hot, add the broccoli, onions, red pepper flakes, and 2 cloves minced garlic. Slowly saute the broccoli, stirring occasionally until it starts to brown all over, about 10 minutes. Add the olives and continue to cook about 1 more minute. Remove from heat and add the ricotta cheese, stirring to evenly distribute.nWhile broccoli and onions are caramelizing, prepare the tomato sauce: heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a mediumsize saucepan over medium heat. Add remaining 2 cloves minced garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and stewed tomatoes. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the basil and remove from the heat.nSpread about 13 of the sauce in the bottom of a 13 by 9 by 2 inchbaking dish. Stuff the shells with the broccoli mixture. Arrange the stuffed shells in the baking dish and top with the remaining sauce. Sprinkle evenly with the mozzarella. Bake, uncovered, for 20 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons, plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, divided, 4 cups broccoli florettes from 1 head broccoli, 2 small red onions, thinly sliced, 4 teaspoons dried red pepper flakes, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup kalamata olives, pitted and chopped, 1 cup lowfat ricotta cheese, 12 cup tomato paste, 2 15ounce cans stewed Italian tomatoes, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 24 jumbo pasta shells, cooked al dente according to box directions, rinsed and drained, 1 cup shredded partskim mozzarella], title: Caramelized Broccoli and Onion Stuffed Shells, picturelink: null}, 21785: {instructions: Preheat the grill to medium. Brush the asparagus with oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until just cooked through. Remove from the grill and place on a serving platter.nPlace the cooked egg yolks, tarragon, capers, cornichons, salt, and pepper in the work bowl of a food processor and pulse until just combined. With the processor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified. Add enough white wine vinegar to make the sauce thin enough to drizzle. Taste for seasoning and add more salt and pepper, if necessary. Drizzle the sauce over the asparagus and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds asparagus, trimmed, Olive oil, for brushing asparagus, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 hardcooked eggs, yolks only, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 6 cornichons, diced, 1 14 cups extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar], title: Grilled Asparagus Gribiche, picturelink: null}, 21786: {instructions: For the sauce: In a small bowl, mix together the red pepper paste, garlic, sesame seeds, agave, and sesame oil. Add water and stir until smooth.nTo make the Couch Bowl: Layer the steamed rice evenly in 4 bowls. Drizzle with the red pepper paste sauce. Top with sauteed tofu and a handful spinach leaves. Sprinkle with shredded carrots and a spoonful of sliced scallions. Drizzle with a little more sauce, and a sprinkle of toasted sesame seeds. Serve the extra sauce on the side., ingredients: [12 cup Korean hot pepper paste, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds, 14 cup agave nectar, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 12 cup water, 5 cups steamed rice, 1 pound extrafirm tofu, sauteed, 4 ounces fresh baby spinach, 2 carrots, shredded, 8 scallions, sliced, 14 cup toasted sesame seeds], title: Native Bowls Couch Bowl, picturelink: null}, 21787: {instructions: For the lemon cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two 9inch round cake pans, then insert a round of parchment cut to fit just inside the bottom of each pan. Butter the parchment, then flour the pans, tapping out any excess flour. In a medium bowl, stir together the cake flour, baking powder and salt. Using an electric, standing or hand mixer, beat the butter and granulated sugar until very fluffy and pale yellow, about 2 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, then add the vanilla followed by the lemon zest and juicethe mixture may appear to break apart a bit or curdle, but it will come back together when the flour is added, so dont panic Add about a third of the flour mixture and mix until just barely incorporated, then add half of the milk and blend. Repeat with onethird of the flour mixture, the rest of the milk and the rest of the flour mixture and blend until the ingredients are just completely incorporated. Scrape down the sides of the bowl in the middle of this process. Scrape the batter into the prepared pans, dividing it evenly and smoothing the tops. Bake until a wooden skewer or toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, 22 to 26 minutes. Cool the cakes in the pans on a wire rack for 15 minutes, then run a knife around the insides of the pans to make sure the sides dont stick, place a wire rack over the top of each pan and invert the cake onto the wire rack. Peel off the parchment and cool completely. For the lemon filling: While the cakes are baking, make the lemon curd. Whisk the granulated sugar, lemon juice, butter, egg yolks and salt in a small nonreactive saucepan. Place the pan over mediumlow heat and cook, whisking constantly, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Place the lemon curd in a small bowl, press a piece of plastic wrap on top of the surface and place it in the refrigerator to chill for at least 2 hours and up to a week. Briskly stir the lemon zest into the chilled curd to blend well. In a medium bowl, beat the heavy cream just until stiff peaks form. Gently fold into the lemon curd with a rubber spatula. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour but not more than 6 hours. For the lemon frosting: In a large bowl with an electric, standing or hand mixer, beat the confectioners sugar with the butter on low speed until combined, then turn the beater speed to high and add the cream and lemon zest and juice. Beat until fluffy. To assemble the cake, place each cake layer upside down on a round of cardboard or a flat plate. Using an offset spatula or butter knife, frost the top and sides of each cake layer with a very thin layer of the lemon frosting. Place the cake layers in the freezer for 15 minutes or in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to firm up the thin layer of frosting. Place the bottom layer of cake on the platter that you will be serving it on and tuck thick strips of wax or parchment paper under the edges of the cake to keep the platter clean. Spread the lemon filling over the bottom layer, leaving a 12inch border all around so the filling has a bit of room to spread when you place the second layer on top. Cover the filling with the raspberries, then place the second layer of cake on top. Frost the cake with the rest of the frosting. The cake will keep for up to 4 days in the refrigerator, though its best within a day of making. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, plus more for buttering the pans, 2 34 cups cake flour not selfrising, plus more for flouring the pans, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest plus 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 34 cup whole milk, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest plus 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 large egg yolks, Pinch of kosher salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups fresh raspberries, 4 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest plus 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice], title: Lemon Layer Cake with Lemon Cream Filling and Frosting, picturelink: Vv5vkwLfAbgA0UnDAHaWrPeh3DH5bi}, 21788: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add the butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Whisk the egg yolk with 14 cup ice water add 2 tablespoons to the food processor and pulse a couple of times. Add the remaining egg mixture and pulse a few more times until the dough just comes together but is still crumbly. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap shape into a disk and wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.nPut a baking sheet on the middle oven rack and preheat to 425 degrees F for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, roll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease the dough into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp with your fingers or a fork. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Whisk the eggs, brown sugar, corn syrup, melted butter, vanilla and butter extracts, lemon juice, salt, pecans and toffee bits in a large bowl until combined. Pour the filling into the chilled crust. Transfer the pie to the hot baking sheet and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake until the crust is deep golden and the filling is set around the edge but still jiggly in the center, 55 minutes to 1 hour. Tent the crust with foil if it browns too quickly. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg yolk, 3 large eggs, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 34 cup light corn syrup, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon butter extract, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups roughly chopped pecans, 12 cup toffee bits], title: Butter PecanToffee Pie, picturelink: CJ4iC6F08i9zpbLSjoVvT3htLR62Ife}, 21789: {instructions: Blend the cup of buttermilk and corn oil together. Add the cornmeal and steep it to soften for 15 minutes while you get all the other ingredients together.nMeanwhile sift the flour with the baking powder, baking soda and 12 teaspoon of salt.nCombine the bell pepper, with corn kernels, egg yolks and scallion and season with freshly ground black pepper.nRight before you begin to make the pancakes, combine the buttermilk and cornmeal mixture with the bell pepper, corn and scallion mixture and stir well.nWhip the egg whites until stiff but not dry. Preheat the griddle. With a few swift strokes fold the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients add more buttermilk if needed and fold in the egg whites. Drop about 14 cup of batter onto the griddle and cook for about 2 to 3 minutes per side.nServe with ham steaks., ingredients: [1 cup buttermilk, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup minced red bell pepper, 10ounce package frozen corn kernels, thawed, 2 eggs separated, 1 scallion, finely sliced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Corn Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 21790: {instructions: 2 tablespoons finely crushed plantain chipsnFor the caramelized plantains: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMix the melted butter, brown sugar, and cinnamon in a small bowl. Put the sliced plantains in an 8inch square baking dish and pour in the butter mixture. Toss the plantains until well coated with the mixture. Bake in the preheated oven until caramelized, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and mash the plantains with a fork. The yield should be about 2 cups mashed caramelized plantains.nFor the cupcakes:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 16 cups of 2 standard 12capacity cupcake pans with liners.nAdd the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt to a sifter and sift into a large bowl.nIn another large bowl add the softened butter and granulated sugar and mix, with a hand mixer, until smooth. Beat in the eggs, buttermilk, vanilla extract, and the mashed caramelized plantains until the batter is smooth. Slowly stir in the sifted flour mixture and mix until smooth.nEvenly spoon the cupcake batter into the 16 liners, filling the cups 34 full. Bake until a toothpick in the center comes out clean and the tops are light golden brown, about 22 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes in the pan. Transfer the cupcakes to a cooling rack and cool completely, about 20 minutes.nFor the chocolate hazelnut cream cheese frosting: Add the cream cheese, chocolate hazelnut spread and vanilla extract to a large bowl and beat with a hand mixer until smooth. Slowly mix in the powdered sugar, scraping down sides of the bowl, as needed, until the frosting is smooth.nAssemble the cupcakes: Put the frosting in a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch diameter decorating tip. Frost the cooled cupcakes and sprinkle the top of each cupcake with crushed plantain chips. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, melted, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 very ripe plantains the peels should be entirely brownblack, peeled and sliced into 12inch pieces, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup butter, softened, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups caramelized mashed plantains, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 cup chocolate hazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups powdered sugar], title: Caramelized Plantain Cupcakes with a Chocolate Hazelnut Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: 7MxTEN6nnc3HDQYBzPO42UlNUBIXGui}, 21791: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the rice, in a medium saucepan combine the rice and chicken stock. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer until all the stock is absorbed into the rice, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile heat oil in a heavybottomed saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Brown the sausage. Once browned, add the garlic, onion, celery, and green bell pepper. Cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add 1 cup chicken stock and cayenne. Cook until the stock has reduced a little. Add the cooked rice and parsley and stir thoroughly. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if necessary., ingredients: [2 cups long grain white rice, 5 cups chicken stock, divided, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound smoked pork sausage, sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 medium green bell pepper, chopped, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Dirty Rice with Smoked Sausage, picturelink: bBIpb8sBDjPwjLY3EIJyTP62hfbj6}, 21792: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees.nIn a heavy pot or Dutch oven heat olive oil and sear the brisket until lightly browned on all sides. Remove meat from pan and let cool for several minutes. In a small bowl, combine rosemary, 2 tablespoons thyme and garlic. Rub the seared brisket all over with the herb mixture. Place leeks in the bottom of the Dutch oven and place brisket on top. Pour wine and tomatoes around brisket and sprinkle with peppercorns. Bake, covered, for 3 hours, basting frequently. Make sure the meat is fork tender when you remove it from the oven. Cool, place in refrigerator overnight and remove congealed fat from surface.nTo make sauce: Remove meat. Reduce the liquid in the Dutch oven by half. Strain the liquid into a saucepan and heat to a simmer. Whisk in fresh thyme leaves and salt and pepper, to taste. Return brisket to sauce and reheat before serving. Serve over egg noodles or potato latkes., ingredients: [1 5pound brisket or shoulder roast, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons plus fresh thyme leaves, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 3 whole leeks, cleaned and cut into 12inch rings, 3 cups red wine, 1 16ounce can tomatoes, whole, 2 tablespoons whole peppercorns, Whole thyme leaves], title: Brisket Roasted with Red Wine, Leeks, Tomato and Peppercorns, picturelink: null}, 21793: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, combine chicken stock, butter, seasoning blend, and red pepper flakes. Bring to a boil.nStir in stuffing mix and cover. Remove from heat. Let stand 5 minutes.nFluff with fork. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 cups frozen seasoning blend: chopped onion, green and red pepper combination recommended: PictSweet, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 6ounce box cornbread stuffing mix], title: Corn Bread Stuffing, picturelink: tuKAXPVJSGCLCkTrnXPxMz2rd6c2nz6}, 21794: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 lollipop sticksnLine a baking sheet with parchment, Put 4 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips or wafers and 2 teaspoons shortening or coconut oil in a glass bowl and melt at 50 percent power in a microwave at 30 seconds intervals, stirring after each, until melted, about 1 to 2 minutes.nStick 12 yellow marshmallow bunnies such as Peeps onto 12 lollipop sticks. Dip the bunnies, one at a time, in the chocolate coating, spreading with a small spatula and tapping off the excess on the side of the bowl. Set the bunnies on the parchmentlined baking sheet and add halved mini marshmallows for tails. Refrigerate until set, about 20 minutes.nBunny face variation: Instead of the tail, add 2 small edible candy eyes. Attach a small orange jelly bean to each for a carrot. Halve small green jelly beans and snip the ends to resemble carrot tops and attach to the base of the carrot., ingredients: [], title: Bunny Butt Marshmallow Pops, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 21795: {instructions: Place the mandarin oranges, with their syrup, in a mediumsize saucepan. Add the Champagne and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the mixture has reduced to about 1 cup. Remove from the heat and let cool.nPlace the cooled mixture in a blender, and process until smooth. Stir in the sour cream, honey, and poppy seeds.nToss the prepared fruit together in a large bowl, and pour the dressing over the fruit. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Decorate the fruit salad with flaked coconut or chopped nuts, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon poppy seed, 1 large mango, peeled, cut into 34inch cubes about 2 cups, 1 medium papaya, skin and seeds removed, cut into 34inch cubes about 2 cups, 1 medium pineapple, skin, hard eyes, and central core removed, cut into 34inch cubes about 4 cups, Flaked coconut or chopped nuts, for garnish, 1 11ounce can mandarin oranges, undrained, 12 cup flat Champagne, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Exotic Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 21796: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a drizzle of EVOO in a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat, brown and crumble the sausage, but do not crumble to fine. Drain the browned sausage on paper towels. Add a couple of turns of EVOO to the pan. Then add the garlic, peppers and onions and cook to tendercrisp, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the tomato paste and stir a minute. Next, stir in the wine and then the tomato sauce. Add the sausage and drippings back. Add a few leaves of torn basil. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer a few minutes to combine the flavors, and then cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat.nTo serve, bring the stock to a boil. Add the rice, reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook, about 17 minutes. Then stir in the butter and cheese and remove from the heat.nServe the butterandcheese rice in shallow bowls topped with the sausage and peppers. Garnish with parsley and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 1 12 pounds bulk Italian sweet sausage pork or turkey with fennel, cut from casings 6 links, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, sliced or grated, 3 bell peppers, 2 green and 1 red field pepper, diced, 1 onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup white or red wine, 2 cups tomato sauce or tomato puree or passata, A few leaves fresh basil, torn, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 2 34 cups beef or chicken stock, 1 12 cups longgrain rice, 3 tablespoons butter, About 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, A handful fresh parsley, chopped], title: Deconstructed Sweet Sausage Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: CZFP2g48emQAnorexZCVun9ztdm2P2e}, 21797: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt butter and chocolate chips in a 2quart saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly, until smooth, about 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Add condensed milk stir until smooth. Add flour mix well. Shape rounded teaspoonfuls of dough into 1inch balls. Place 1 inch apart onto ungreased cookie sheets.nBake for 6 to 8 minutes or just until set, do not overbake. Cookies may appear slightly under baked. Cool completely. Meanwhile, combine powered sugar and vanilla in small bowl. Gradually stir in enough milk for desired glazing consistency. Drizzle over cookies., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 1 11.5ounce package 2 cups milk chocolate chips, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 2 to 4 teaspoons milk or water], title: Mud Puddles, picturelink: null}, 21798: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the pesto on to 1 side of the sliced bread and spread the garlic cloves onto the other side. Place the halves together to close. Place in oven for 15 minutes.nSlice and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons pesto, fresh or storebought, 1 loaf Italian bread, sliced in half lengthwise, 6 cloves roasted garlic], title: Hot Italian Pesto Bread, picturelink: null}, 21799: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPie crust:nIn a food processor, blend together flours, sugar, and salt. Add chilled butter and shortening and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle water over flour mixture and pulse until dough forms moist clumps. Gather dough together and divide into 2 equal rounds. Flatten dough into disks and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for about 45 minutes.nBlackberry Filling:nCombine flour, sugar, blackberries and almond extract and stir gently until evenly coated.nPreparation:nWorking with 1 round at a time, roll dough on a lightly floured surface to 14inch thickness. Cut circles, approximately 5inches in diameter using a plate or bowl as a guide. You should have a total of 8 circles. Spoon about 12 cup of blackberry filling into the center of each circle. Carefully fold circle over to form a half moon shape. Using a fork, dipped lightly in flour, press tines along the open edge to seal. Transfer hand pies to a parchment paper lined sheet pan and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or until needed.nFor serving:nPreheat gas or charcoal grill to medium indirect heat. Brush hand pies lightly with egg yolk and sprinkle generously with sugar. Transfer hand pies to doublelined, heavy duty foil sprayed with nonstick spray and place on grill. Close lid and grill, rotating after 20 minutes, until crust is golden brown, about 40 to 50 minutes total., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup cake flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick chilled unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 4 tablespoons chilled vegetable shortening, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons ice water, 14 allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 4 cups fresh blackberries, 18 teaspoon almond extract, Egg yolk, lightly beaten, Turbinado or sparkling sugar for dusting, Nonstick spray], title: Blackberry Hand Pies, picturelink: DosQE6dFrgW2hRU5rRy4rWpMWrDBEpq}, 21800: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add 6 tablespoons of the butter and let it melt. Stir in the onions and the thyme and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions caramelize, about 40 to 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, put the mushrooms in a small pot and cover with a couple of cups of water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to low and simmer to reconstitute the mushrooms.nAdd the sherry to the pot with the onions, to deglaze the pan, then stir in the wine. Remove the mushrooms from their broth with a slotted spoon to a cutting board. Chop them, and add them to the onions. Add all but the last 12 cup of the mushroom liquid to the soup, about 1 cup. Add herb bundle and the beef stock to the pot and simmer the soup for 30 to 45 minutes. Cool and refrigerate for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat, covered, and prepare the croutons when ready to serve.nHeat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toast the bread on a rack over a baking sheet, until deep golden brown. Butter the bread, using the 2 tablespoons of remaining butter and liberally rub them with the cut garlic. Top the toasts with the cheeses and return them to the oven until the cheese is melted and bubbly. Toasts may be arranged on top of crocks of soup, put on baking sheet, then topped with cheese and baked to brown, for a more dramatic presentation.nLadle the soup into serving bowls and serve with the cheese toasts., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 4 large onion, very thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon ground thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 14 to 13 cup dry sherry, 1 cup white wine, 1 small bundle made with fresh flatleaf parsley, a few sprigs fresh sage and fresh bay leaves, 2 quarts beef stock, 8 12inch thick slices baguette, 1 large clove garlic, peeled and halved, 1 12 cups grated Gruyere, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: French Onion Soup with Porcini, picturelink: 481UUG395T29Ch7MBANz0LJgOGJ7bTm}, 21801: {instructions: Special equipment: butchers twinenHeat a large skillet over high heat. Add the olive oil, garlic, anchovy paste and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until fragrant and toasted, about 1 minute. Add the escarole and 14 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring often, until the escarole is completely wilted and coated in all the flavors of the oil, about 2 minutes.nTurn off the heat and add the lemon zest, baby kale and 14 teaspoon salt. Toss well to coat and slightly wilt the baby kale. Toss with the toasted bread, if using, or the pine nuts, and serve.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Mix together the fennel seed, salt, oregano, onion powder and smoked paprika in a small bowl. Set aside.nMix together the cornbread and milk in a medium bowl. Allow the mixture to soak for 10 minutes. Stir in the sausage, Pecorino and chili paste. Use your hands to mix well.nLay the turkey breasts skinsides down on a cutting board so that they are open like a book. Pat half the stuffing onto each skinless side, leaving a 12inch border, then close each half so the skin sides are up. Tie each turkey breast tightly with 4 pieces of butchers twine about 1 12 to 2 inches apart. Rub the seasoning mix all over the turkey.nLay the bread on a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Place the turkey breasts skinsides up on the bread and drizzle the remaining 4 tablespoons olive oil over the tops. Roast 30 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and continue to roast until the skin is brown and crisp and an instantread thermometer reads 160 degrees F, about 40 minutes more. Allow the turkey to rest for 10 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 large head escarole, cleaned and chopped into 1inch pieces, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 5 ounces baby kale, 3 slices toasted bread, chopped, from Spicy Turkey Breast, recipe follows, or 14 cup toasted pine nuts, 2 teaspoons toasted fennel seed, ground, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 cup crumbled storebought cornbread, 12 cup milk, at room temperature, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 12 cup grated Pecorino cheese, 2 teaspoons Calabrian chili paste, 2 2pound boneless, skinon turkey breast halves, butterflied, Six 1inch thick slices ciabatta bread, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Wilted Baby Kale, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 21802: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large pot or Dutch oven over low heat.nAdd enough vegetable oil to coat the bottom of the pot, about 2 tablespoons. Add 1 or 2 kernels of popcorn to the oil as it heats. Once the kernels pop, add the remaining corn and cover with a lid. Shake the pot as the kernels pop. This will keep them from settling on the bottom of the pot and burning. Continue shaking until all of the corn has popped. Remove the popcorn to a large bowl. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil, season with Paris Cheese Seasoning and toss.nMix all of the ingredients together in a small bowl., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup popcorn kernels, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons Paris Cheese Seasoning, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons finely grated Pecorino Romano, Drizzle olive oil, 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives, 1 12 teaspoons dill weed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 tablespoon garlic salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: Paris Popcorn, picturelink: TD2wUsuhL05k3kJkdIwMeFtQm0m9YK}, 21803: {instructions: Toast 12 teaspoon each ground allspice and cumin in a skillet, about 30 seconds. Mix with the juice of 1 lemon and a pinch each of salt and sugar in a serving bowl, then whisk in 5 tablespoons olive oil. Toss with spring greens, sliced red onion, sliced cucumber and salt.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Spiced Green Salad, picturelink: 30PjJhwDGO.wP.P.1jExFJZM18Ju9WW}, 21804: {instructions: Whisk the chocolate sauce and instant espresso powder together in a small bowl until combined.nScoop the coffee ice cream into a tall glass and drizzle with the espressochocolate syrup. Pour the coffee soda over the ice cream and top with a spoonful of whipped cream. Add a straw and thread through the doughnuts, which can rest right on the top of the glass. Serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons storebought chocolate sauce, 14 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 1 cup coffee ice cream about 3 large scoops, 34 cup coffee soda, such as Manhattan Special, or cream soda, Sweetened whipped cream, for topping, 2 mini doughnuts], title: CoffeeandDoughnuts Float, picturelink: 2MoaJW1BRrm7vllOB6g.LtYrCxGk0q}, 21805: {instructions: In a food processor or blender combine the lime juice, oil, garlic, cumin, jalapeno and cilantro leaves and process until pureed. Alternatively, combine the lime juice and oil in a bowl. Finely chop together the garlic, cumin, jalapeno and cilantro and whisk into the juice and oil mixture. Pour the mixture over the steak and allow to marinate for 30 minutes.nPreheat charcoal grill or stovetop grill pan. Season the steak with salt and pepper. Grill the steak for 2 to 3 minutes per side or until cooked to desired degree of doneness. Transfer the steak to a cutting surface and allow to stand for 5 to 8 minutes. Cut steak across the grain into thin slices or chop into 12inch pieces. Serve immediately with warm tortillas and accompaniments., ingredients: [Juice of one lime, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 jalapeno, seeded, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 1 pound trimmed skirt steak, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Twelve 7inch flour tortillas, warmed, Salsa, Sour Cream, Sliced red onions, Lime wedges], title: Marinated Skirt Steak Fajitas, picturelink: null}, 21806: {instructions: Chill a 12cup mold and the bowl of an electric mixer in freezer for about 30 minutes. Beat orange sherbet in the chilled bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until soft but still holding its shape, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove mold from freezer. Using a small spoon, spread sherbet on bottom and up all sides of mold, creating a well for the ice cream. If sherbet slips down sides of mold, return mold to freezer to chill for about 10 minutes, then finish lining. Transfer empty mixer bowl and mold to the freezer to let sherbet harden for about 1 hour.nSoften vanilla ice cream as above. Remove mold from freezer. Using a spoon, fill sherbetlined mold with softened vanilla ice cream, pressing down on ice cream so that there are no air pockets. Cover with plastic wrap, and return to freezer. Chill until firm, 4 hours or overnight. To unmold, dip mold in hot water for 6 seconds invert onto serving plate. If bombe does not come out of mold, continue dipping in water 6 seconds at a time until it releases. Use a sharp knife to slice into servings., ingredients: [1 12 quarts orange sherbet, 1 12 quarts vanilla ice cream], title: Orange Sherbet Bombe, picturelink: null}, 21807: {instructions: Stick a 6 inch skewer lengthwise inside the tail of each lobster. Bring the court bouillon to a boil, add the lobsters, and cook for about 6 minutes. Remove and shock in ice water.nRemove the tail meat from the shells and cut each into 2 to 3 medallions. Set aside.nPlace a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and garlic, and heat until the garlic starts to turn golden. Discard the garlic. Toss in the fresh tomatoes, add salt to release any water, and let cook about 10 minutes. Add the lobster stock and reduce to desired consistency, about 15 minutes. Add the crushed red pepper and black pepper, to taste, and cook for another 2 minutes. Add the lobster medallions and chopped parsley and cook for 2 minutes. Toss in the noodles, cook for 1 minute to warm, and serve immediately. BUON APPETITTOnCut off the dirty part of the roots of the leeks and make two incisions 1 inch from the root down the leeks. Wash the leeks under running cold water, and then soak in clean water for about 15 minutes.nCut all the vegetables into roughly 2 inches square. Heat an 8quart stockpot over a mediumhigh flame, add the corn oil, and let it heat until just before the smoke point.nSaute the vegetables until they become a gold color. Add the bouquet garni and saute for 1 minute. Add the wine and lemon juice the acids needs to equal 10 percent volume of the stock, and saute another 2 minutes.nAdd the cold water and bring to a boil. Turn down the flame and let simmer for 35 to 40 minutes. Strain the bouillon into a clean stockpot., ingredients: [4 live chicken lobsters, Court Bouillon, recipe follows, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 5 heirloom tomatoes, diced, 4 Rosso Bruno tomatoes, cored and diced, Salt, 1 12 cups lobster stock, Crushed red pepper flakes, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 to 5 sprigs fresh Italian parsley, leaves chopped, Cooked noodles, for serving, 2 medium leeks, 3 carrots, ends trimmed, peeled, 3 stalk celery, 1 medium white onion, peeled, 1 ounce corn oil, Bouquet garni 3 sprigs parsley, 3 bay leaves, 12 bunch thyme, 4 cloves garlic, 3 cloves,, 1 tablespoon white peppercorns, 12 quart white wine, 4 ounces lemon juice, 5 12 quarts cold water], title: Lobster Sauce for Pasta, picturelink: 9CMlipODat5NC4vyAKyNAlvCEDqzmK}, 21808: {instructions: Put the chicken stock, potatoes, leeks, celery, bay leaf and thyme in a large pot and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Boil until the potatoes are soft, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the bay leaf. Using an immersion blender or in batches in a blender or food processor, blend the soup until smooth. Pour the soup into a medium pot add the cream and simmer until the soup has thickened, about 20 minutes.nActive Time: 20 minutes Total Time: 1 hour 10 minutes, ingredients: [8 cups chicken stock, 6 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into large pieces, 4 leeks whites only, thoroughly washed and sliced, 3 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Potato Leek Soup 2, picturelink: null}, 21809: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nArrange the tomatoes, garlic, bread, and nuts on a baking sheet roast for 10 to 15 minutes.nTransfer to a food processor and pulse to roughly break up. Add the pimentos, vinegar, oil, and paprika. Pulse again until well combined, add salt. This sauce is best if allowed to rest so the flavors can meld may be made a day in advance.nHeat oil to almost smoking in a large skillet or roasting pan. Toss the prawns in half the romesco sauce to coat, and pan sear the shrimp quickly in the oil just until barely opaque. Then roast for 10 to 12 minutes in a 450 degree F oven. Serve the remaining sauce on the side for dipping., ingredients: [3 tomatoes, halved, 10 garlic cloves, 2 slices crusty bread, 12 cup whole almonds, with skin, 12 cup hazelnuts or pine nuts, 1 pimento or roasted red pepper, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds prawns, shelled, tails removed, heads on], title: OvenRoasted Prawns with Romesco Sauce, picturelink: null}, 21810: {instructions: Cut the tenderloin into 8 by 12inch thick slices, 2 per serving. Peel garlic clove. Measure Brandy and warm. Open champignons and drain. Measure cream. Season steaks with salt and pepper and squeeze garlic over them. Add clarified butter to frypan and when hot add steaks and sear both sides  remove to a dish. Add champignons, pour over brandy and set alight. Add squeeze of lemon juice to champignons and then remove to a dish. Add pate to the frypan and add cream. Add horseradish and combine to form sauce. Place steaks on serving dish, pour over sauce and decorate with champignons. Accompany with green beans and stuffed tomatoes., ingredients: [2 pounds beef tenderloin, 1 garlic clove, 14 cup brandy, 1 10ounce tin champignons, Salt, black pepper to season, Clarified butter, Squeeze of lemon juice, 8 ounces chicken liver pate, 58 cup cream, 1 tablespoon horseradish], title: FILLET OF BEEF MEURICE, picturelink: z5yXni2vpt.7tPMk4BlLvw5azVvDtKi}, 21811: {instructions: Heat olive oil in Dutch oven over medium heat.nAdd shallot, garlic and red pepper flakes and saute until tender and fragrant. Add the washed and cleaned turnip greens. Mix together. Cook until they have wilted down, about 3 minutes. Add pepper to taste.nIn a small bowl, whisk the Dijon mustard with the chicken stock. Add to the wilted greens and cook until the liquid has all but evaporated. Add the toasted pecans and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 12 pounds turnip greens, washed, stemmed, and chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup chopped pecans, toasted], title: Ginas Turnip Greens, picturelink: ut0kjMPV5ulzbT3EX7AO7qNKwquBIiu}, 21812: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Combine the powdered sugar and almond flour in a bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites in a clean dry bowl. Slowly add the superfine sugar and beat until the mixture holds stiff peaks, about 7 minutes. Fold the egg whites into the almond flour and powdered sugar mixture carefully. This will add air into the mixture and make it light and fluffy. Spoon the mixture into a resealable bag with a corner cut off. Its easiest to fill your bag if you stand it up in a tall glass and fold the top down before spooning in the batter.nPipe oneinchsized mounds of batter onto baking sheets lined with parchment paper. Bake the macaroon for 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and raise the temperature to 375 degrees F. Once the oven is up to temperature, put the pans back in the oven and bake for an additional 7 to 8 minutes, or until macaroons are lightly colored. Cool on a rack. Spread butter cream frosting recipe below in between two macaroons to make a burger. Sprinkle sesame seeds on top., ingredients: [2 14 cups powdered sugar, 2 cups almond flour, 5 egg whites, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, Sesame seeds, for decoration], title: Hamburger Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 21813: {instructions: Boil the peeled and cubed potatoes until fork tender. While the potatoes boil, sweat the onions and the celery in butter until soft and translucent do not brown. Drain potatoes. While still warm, add the ingredients slowly, being sure not to mash the potatoes. Mix thoroughly. Serve warm or cold.nThe recipes for this contest, which were provided by contributors who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes.nMy nana used to make this in the summertime and we would eat it while it was still warm it is one of my favorite recipes. ., ingredients: [About 5 large potatoes peeled, cubed and boiled, one medium onion, chopped, one stalk of celery, chopped, 2tbsp. butter or margarine, 14 cup raisins, chopped, about 14 cup fresh dill, chopped, about 1 tsp. dried rosemary, 14 cup mayonnaise, 3 tbsp. extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, salt and pepper to taste], title: Nanas Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 21814: {instructions: 1. To roast the eggplant: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.n2. Toss the eggplant with the oil in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Spread on an 18by13inch halfsheet pan. Roast, stirring occasionally, until tender and lightly browned, about 15 minutes. Let cool completely. The eggplant can be covered and stored at room temperature for up to 4 hours.n3. To make the pesto: With the machine running, drop the garlic through the feed tube of a processor to mince it. Add the cilantro, lemon juice, sesame oil, and sesame seeds and process until pureed. With the machine running, pour the olive oil through the feed tube to make a smooth sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper. The pesto can be covered tightly and stored at room temperature for upnto 4 hours.n4. To make the mayonnaise: Whisk all of the ingredients together in a small bowl. Set aside for up to 1 hour.n5. To finish the eggplant: Heat a large wok or skillet over high heat. Add the oil and swirl the wok to coat the sides. Add the eggplant and spread it out in a single layer. Let cook until the underside is seared, about 1 minute. Stirfry until hot, about 1 minute more. Remove the wok from the heat. Add 3 tablespoons of the pesto, the pine nuts, the cilantro leaves, and the sesame seeds. Transfer to a serving bowl, drizzle with the mayonnaise, and serve hot, with the remaining pesto passed on the side. Leftover pesto is delicious stirred into plain steamed rice or used to flavor vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Japanese eggplant, cut into 1inch chunks, 2 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, crushed under a knife and peeled, 2 cups packed fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted see Cooks Note, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, preferably Kewpie see Chef Talk, below, 1 teaspoon sriracha, 1 teaspoon fresh orange juice, 1 teaspoon Japanese soy sauce, 2 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons packed cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted see Cooks Note], title: TwiceCooked Eggplant with CilantroSesame Pesto, picturelink: f2V5EIWn7zivfqmEIgyFttjCRVCbbnm}, 21815: {instructions: On a shallow plate, mix together the ginger, sesame seeds, and cracked black pepper. Season the tuna with salt.nMake 12inch deep slices in the tuna, every 14 to 12inch or so to make it easier to slice at the end. Roll the tuna in the ginger mixture, pressing lightly so the mixture sticks to the tuna.nPlace a saute pan over high heat. Add the oil and sear the tuna on all sides, about 30 seconds per side. Remove the tuna from the pan and set aside. Deglaze the pan with lime juice. Pour the lime juice over the tuna.nIn a bowl combine the avocado, greens, red onion, and tomato. Toss with some of the Ginger Sauce. Slice the tuna, following the incisions made earlier. Place some of the dressed greens on 4 plates. Top with sliced tuna and drizzle with some more of the Ginger Sauce.nIn a small bowl, combine the shallot, ginger, a few grinds pepper, soy sauce, and lime juice. Slowly whisk in the olive oil and set aside. When ready to serve, whisk thoroughly to combine., ingredients: [12 cup minced ginger, 14 cup sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 12 pound very fresh, sushigrade ahi tuna, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, for searing, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 mediumsize, ripe avocado, peeled, pitted, quartered and sliced, 2 cups mixed greens, 12 thin slices red onion, 1 medium tomato, peeled, seeded, and diced, Ginger Sauce, recipe follows, 1 small shallot, minced, 12 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup soy sauce, 13 cup lime juice, 13 cup olive oil], title: Tuna Tataki, picturelink: null}, 21816: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, mix together soy, vinegar and sugar. In a saucepan, heat oils together until very hot and add peppercorns. Immediately pour into bowl and whisk. Pour vinaigrette on the vegetables and check for seasoning. Wait 1 hour before serving. Toss salad several times to ensure good mixing.nPLATING On a small plate, family style.nWine Recommedation: La Fosse aux Loups, Chinon, Domaine de Bel Air, 1998, ingredients: [3 tablespoons soy sauce, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon sesame seed oil, 14 cup canola oil, 1 teaspoon ground Szechuan peppercorns, 1 teaspoon ground white peppercorns, 1 large cabbage, shredded, 2 carrots, peeled and fine julienne, Salt], title: Hunan Salad, picturelink: null}, 21817: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCarefully remove the tuna from the can, leaving the loin pieces intact. Reserve the olive oil. Place the tuna in the refrigerator while you prepare the remaining ingredients.nDivide the lettuce between 2 plates and carefully lay the tuna atop the leaves. Top with the shallot, bell pepper, capers, hardboiled egg and micro greens. Sprinkle with black lava sea salt. Drizzle the salad with the reserved olive oil and a squeeze of lemon., ingredients: [6 to 8 ounces ventresca canned tuna, packed in olive oil, 4 leaves butter lettuce, rinsed and patted dry, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot, 2 tablespoons finely chopped red or orange bell pepper, 1 tablespoon nonpareil capers, 2 tablespoons chopped hardboiled egg, 1 tablespoon micro greens, 14 teaspoon black lava sea salt, 12 lemon], title: Tuna Salad Undone, picturelink: SYrXq5OpdgnHcHWtrawCOsvljnQqD9K}, 21818: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small pot bring the tomatoes, wine, whole basil sprigs, garlic, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper, to taste, to a simmer cook until slightly thickened, 10 minutes set aside.n2. Meanwhile, puree the cottage cheese in the bowl of a food processor until smooth. add the ricotta, spinach, 14 cup chopped basil, scallions, nutmeg, and salt and pepper and pulse until just combined set aside.n3. Coat a large nonstick skillet with nonstick cooking spray set over medium heat. Cook the sausage and onion, breaking it up with a wooden spoon into small pieces, until the meat is browned and the onion tender, 10 minutes.n4. Assemble the lasagna: Mist a 9inch by 13inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Spread 12 cup tomato sauce on the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Top with 3 noodles, half the ricotta mixture, half the sausage and 12 cup shredded mozzarella cheese. Repeat layers with sauce, noodles, remaining ricotta and sausage and 12 cup mozzarella cheese. Top with remaining noodles and sauce. Cover with aluminum foil and bake until the noodles are tender and the sauce is bubbling around the edges of the pan, 1 hour.n5. Uncover, sprinkle with remaining mozzarella cheese and continue to bake until melted, 10 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining 14 cup basil. Serve., ingredients: [1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 14 cup dry red wine, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, plus 2 whole sprigs, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 16ounce container 1 percent lowfat cottage cheese, 1 15ounce container partskim ricotta cheese, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 2 scallions, chopped, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 8 ounces lean sweet Italianstyle turkey sausage, casings removed, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 9 sheets noboil lasagna noodles, 5 12ounces, recommended: Barilla, 1 12 cups partskim shredded mozzarella cheese, 6 ounces], title: Sausage Lasagna, picturelink: .oOjmiBDmY9vygbBjHqy.lTS6uAGDr.}, 21819: {instructions: Drizzle some olive oil in a large pot of boiling salted water, add the capellini and cook al dente. Drain quickly, leaving a little water with the capellini. Quickly toss the capellini with the melted butter, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt and pepper.nPlace one serving of pasta on each plate and top with a large dollop of fresh caviar. Garnish with grated lemon zest. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [Olive oil, for cooking the pasta, 1 pound dried capellini, 12 pound unsalted butter, melted, Zest and juice of 2 lemons, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 150 grams very good black caviar, Zest of 1 lemon, for garnish], title: Lemon Capellini with Caviar, picturelink: FljQAtY4oK885T4jgcu33HWth1l.gu}, 21820: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to high. Whisk together coconut milk, curry paste, onion, cilantro, lime juice, and oil in a large bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Place shrimp in the bowl and toss to coat. Cover and let marinate at room temperature for 20 minutes.nRemove shrimp from the marinade and grill for 1 12 to 2 minutes per side. Serve on brown paper bags, if desired., ingredients: [1 14ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 2 tablespoons red curry paste, 12 red onion, peeled and finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 lime, juiced, 2 to 3 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds shrimp, shell and tail left on], title: Red Curry Marinated Shrimp, picturelink: MmxFTIpTuokFAaPPogSWTPFVR.AQY92}, 21821: {instructions: Heat oil in skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add veal chop to skillet and brown on all sides  cook for about 5 minutes on each side. Transfer veal chop to a plate. To the pan add 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons chopped shallots. Cook until shallots are transparent. Add 14 cup Madeira to the pan and reduce by half. Stir in 12 tablespoon veal demiglace and 14 cup water. Whisk in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 teaspoon chopped thyme. Spoon sauce over veal., ingredients: [1 veal chop, about 1 12 inches thick, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 14 cup Madeira, 12 tablespoon veal demiglace, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon chopped thyme], title: Veal Chop with Madeira Sauce, picturelink: null}, 21822: {instructions: For the crab and chile filling: Heat the butter and olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the jalapeno, Fresno chile and shallots season with salt and pepper. Let sweat for about 5 to 7 minutes, adding the garlic during the last couple minutes. Raise the heat to medium, add the sherry to deglaze the pan and let bubble until almost evaporated. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature.nAdd the crab, herbs and chileshallot mixture to a medium bowl. Season generously with salt and pepper set aside.nFor the Mornay sauce: Melt the butter in a medium pot over medium heat. Sprinkle in the flour and mix with a wooden spoon for a few minutes to make a roux it should look like wet sand. Whisk in the milk, making sure to scrape the corners of the pan. Bring to a simmer and cook for a few minutes. Season with nutmeg, salt and pepper, and then remove from the heat. Add the Gruyere and stir until fully melted and combined. Add about a 14 cup of the Mornay sauce to the crab mixture to bind.nFor the ravioli: Place a sheet of pasta on a work surface. Fold it in half the widelong way to make a slight crease down the middle, then lay back out flat. Place 1 to 2 tablespoonsize dollops of the crab mixture every few inches on one half of the pasta sheet. Brush a little water on the border of the pasta sheet and around each ravioli. Fold the top half of pasta sheet over to cover the filling, squeezing out as much air as possible so they dont pop open in the water. Use a knife, pasta roller or ring cutter to cut out the ravioli. Dust with semolina and reserve on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining pasta sheets and crab mixture.nBring a wide shallow pot of salted water to a boil.nWarm the remaining Mornay sauce in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Use pasta water to thin to the desired consistency as needed.nCook the ravioli in the boiling water, in batches if necessary, until they float to the top, a few minutes. Transfer the ravioli straight into the skillet with the Mornay sauce and toss gently to coat. Place 3 to 5 ravioli on a plate and spoon a little more Mornay sauce on top. Garnish with the chopped herbs and lemon zest., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 jalapeno, seeded, finely diced, 1 Fresno chile, seeded, finely diced, 1 large shallot, finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, grated or minced, 14 to 12 cup sherry or dry vermouth, 8 ounces lump crabmeat, picked through for shells, 12 cup combined chopped fresh chives, oregano, parsley and thyme, some reserved for garnish, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 cups milk, Freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup grated Gruyere, 4 sheets fresh pasta, cut into 12 to 14inch pieces, covered with a clean dish towel until ready to use, Semolina, for dusting, Zest of 1 lemon, for garnish], title: Crab and Chile Ravioli with Mornay Sauce, picturelink: omk49fkH5HcEOU1WUunijX34dS7yn2q}, 21823: {instructions: Scrub and debeard the mussels, discarding any that remain open. Combine the wine, onions, bay leaf, thyme, rosemary and garlic and bring to a simmer. Add mussels, cover the pot and steam until the shells open. Remove the mussels and keep them warm while finishing the sauce. Strain the steaming liquid, whisk in butter, add parsley and chives and season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve the sauce ladled over the mussels., ingredients: [40 mussels 20 per person, 4 oz. dry white wine, 2 tsp. onions, spring or scallions includes tops and bulb, 1 tsp. garlic, 1 tsp. butter, with salt, 14tsp. bay leaf, 1 tsp. parsley, 1 tsp. fresh thyme, 1 tsp. fresh rosemary, 1 tsp. freezedried chives, salt and pepper], title: Mussels in a White Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 21824: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and line a baking sheet with foil. Pat the pork dry, brush with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss half each of the scallions, parsley and dill in a small bowl rub all over the pork. Transfer to the baking sheet and set aside.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining scallions, the celery, garlic and rice. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, 2 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low cover and gently simmer until the rice is tender, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, broil the pork, turning once, until lightly browned and a thermometer inserted into the center registers 145 degrees F, 16 to 20 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes.nStir the parmesan and remaining parsley and dill into the rice season with salt and pepper. Slice the pork and serve with the rice. Top with more parmesan and parsley.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 large pork tenderloin about 1 14 pounds, trimmed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch scallions, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, plus more for topping, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup converted rice, 1 14ounce can nosaltadded diced tomatoes, 3 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping], title: HerbCrusted Pork Tenderloin with Tomato Rice, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 21825: {instructions: In a heavy 3 quart saucepan, saute onions and parsley in butter until onions become transparent. Add beans, season with salt and pepper, vegetables juice, and water. Cover and cook until beans are tender, about 3540 minutes.nIn a small saucepan, heat milk, and whisk in flour and cook for 30 seconds. Pour this into soup after beans are tender, and cook for 5 to 10 minutes, until soup is slightly thickened.nTo serve: garnish with sour cream and parsley.nTIP:nNO MORE GRAY BEANSnTo ensure a bright green bean color in your favorite recipe, try blanching the beans in briskly boiling water to which 1 generous teaspoon of salt has been added. Cook the beans in this water for 2030 seconds, until the color changes to bright green, and immediately plunge the beans in ice water to stop the cooking, and set the color. You can use the beans for crudite, or continue to cook them with a quick saute., ingredients: [1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 pound fresh wax beans, washed and sliced, 2 cups vegetable juice, 4 cups water, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons wheat flour, 1 cup sour cream, for garnish, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Wax Bean Soup, picturelink: null}, 21826: {instructions: Mix together tomatoes, green onions, salt, pepper, and basil together. Place in a colander to drain off excess juice. Mix shredded cheese and mayonnaise together. Fold into tomato mixture.nPinch each biscuit in half. On a lightly floured surface roll each piece into a circle approximately 3 to 4 inches in diameter. Spoon about 2 teaspoons of tomato mixture in the center of the biscuit. Moisten the edge of the biscuit with you finger using a drop of water. Fold over and press firmly using fingertips to seal entire edges.nPlace on a greased baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 12 to15 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from oven and brush with melted butter, sprinkle with fresh chopped parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups fresh diced tomatoes, 13 cup diced green onions, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil or thyme, optional, 1 cup shredded Jack cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 12ounce can Pillsbury country biscuits, 10 count], title: Hot Tomato Tart Appetizers, picturelink: null}, 21827: {instructions: In a large bowl combine beef chunks, wine, bay leaf, cloves, onion and garlic. Toss together to coat meat, cover bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 4  12 hours.nIn a large heavy pot, melt butter and cook off bacon until just crispy and set aside to drain. Scoop beef from marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Toss in a bowl with flour to coat. Shake off excess flour. Add the floured beef to the pot and cook until nicely browned. Stir in the onion and garlic from the marinade, as well as the thyme, stock and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 1 12 hours or until meat is tender.nPeel the pearl onions and trim off a little bit of the root end. Melt butter in a small skillet and add pearl onions. Toss to coat and pour in 14 cup of water and cover. Simmer until tender. Uncover and allow liquid to evaporate. Sprinkle in 1 teaspoon sugar and shake pan over medium heat until onions begin to brown and caramelize. Season with salt and pepper.nIn another skillet melt 3 tablespoons butter and cook mushrooms until golden brown. Stir in crispy bacon bits and season with salt and pepper.nWhen the beef is tender, remove meat with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Simmer sauce untilnthickened and stir in flourbutter mixture to help thicken. Season sauce to taste. Return beef to pot and bring stew to a boil. Serve hot with boiled potatoes, pearl onions, mushrooms and garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 pounds beef chuck, rump or brisket, trimmed and cut into 2inch chunks, 4 cups red wine, 1 bay leaf, 2 cloves, 1 onion, peeled and halved, 1 clove garlic, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 ounces thick bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 cup flour, 1 teaspoon thyme, 1 1 2 cups beef stock, Salt and pepper, 12 small pearl onions, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 mushrooms, quartered, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons soft butter mixed with 2 tablespoons flour, Chopped parsley], title: French Beef Stew, picturelink: null}, 21828: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cover and 8 by 12inch baking pan with the fennel slices and then layer with the onion and then dot with the bacon. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Lay the bass on top, and sprinkle with the salt and pepper and bay leaves. Surround the bass with the apple cider, apple slices and clams. Sprinkle with the scallions and thyme. Place in the oven and cook for 30 minutes. Discard any unopened clams. Remove the bay leaves and serve on a large platter., ingredients: [1 12 fennel bulbs, cored and thinly sliced, 12 Spanish onion, peeled and thinly sliced, 12 cup diced slab bacon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 pound bass, scored, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 4 bay leaves, 1 24 cups apple cider, 2 Cortland or McIntosh apples, thinly sliced peel if desired, 20 to 24 clams, scrubbed, 1 bunch scallion greens, 1 small bunch fresh thyme not chopped], title: Baked Whole Bass with Apple Fennel, picturelink: null}, 21829: {instructions: To make the filling for the involtini: Mix the ricotta, olive oil, and black pepper in a bowl. Then place a large spoonful of the ricotta filling in the centre of a slice of bresaola. Add some rucola and roll the bresaola into a log. Repeat the process using the remaining bresaola, cheese mixture, and rucola. Plate and serve immediately., ingredients: [Generous 12 pound250 g fresh sheeps milk ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons 30 ml extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 16 slices bresaola airdried cured beef, Small bunch fresh rucola rocket or arugula], title: Involtini Di Bresaola: Rolled Bresaola, picturelink: null}, 21830: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Season the pork with salt and pepper. Top each chop with a sage leaf, then wrap in 2 slices prosciutto. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chops, sageside down, and cook, turning once, until the prosciutto is crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet, reserving the skillet, and roast until a thermometer inserted sideways into the center of a chop registers 145 degrees F, about 8 minutes. Top each with a slice of provolone return to the oven until the cheese melts, 1 to 2 minutes. Meanwhile, put the spinach in a microwavesafe bowl add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon water and a pinch of salt. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave until wilted, 3 minutes drain. Drizzle with half of the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Heat the reserved skillet over medium heat add the shallot and cook, stirring, until soft, 3 minutes. Add the broth and simmer until reduced by half. Stir in the remaining lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Divide the pork among plates drizzle with the shallot sauce. Serve with the spinach and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [4 7to8ounce boneless centercut pork chops about 34 inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 large sage leaves, 8 thin slices prosciutto, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices provolone cheese about 3 12 ounces, 1 pound baby spinach, Juice of 1 lemon, plus wedges for serving, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, or 13 cup finely chopped red onion, 23 cup lowsodium chicken broth], title: Pork Chops Saltimbocca, picturelink: D383zUzJRuXR5QImVIwmnHb5xHeCSMS}, 21831: {instructions: For the ginger glaze: Combine the simple syrup, ginger, lemons, star anise and cinnamon sticks in a large pot and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Simmer until the syrup is reduced to a glaze and the flavors have infused properly. Strain the glaze through a finemesh sieve to remove solids.nFor the sweet potato tots: Pulse the sweet potatoes in a food processor until ground into very small chunks be sure not to puree the potatoes too finely.nIn a large bowl, combine the potatoes, flour and some salt and pepper and mix well. Form the mixture into small logs and refrigerate until chilled.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour in enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F. Cut the sweet potato logs into 1inch pieces and fry in batches until golden brown.nCoat with the ginger glaze and garnish with the parsley., ingredients: [5 gallons simple syrup, 2 pounds ginger, peeled, 12 lemons, halved, 5 star anise, 4 cinnamon sticks, 10 sweet potatoes, diced, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, Chiffonade fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Ginger Glazed Sweet Potato Tots, picturelink: null}, 21832: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nZucchini: Brush the zucchini with olive oil and put it on the grill, cut side down. Being careful not to overcook, grill the zucchini until soft but not mushy by moving it to the cool side of the grill. Remove from the grill and let cool. Carefully scoop out the insides and put it on a cutting board, leaving the skin and a sturdy rim all the way around. Chop and reserve zucchini flesh.nRice: Saute the onion in 1 tablespoon of oil, in a saucepan, over mediumhigh heat until it starts to brown. Add the white part of the scallions, the raisins and pine nuts and saute for a minute more. Add the rice and stir until coated, then add the stock, cinnamon stick, cardamom pods, star anise, bay leaf and hot pepper. Stir until well mixed, then lower heat and cover. Cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Discard the cinnamon stick, bay leaf, cardamom, anise and hot pepper. Stir in the reserved chopped zucchini, chopped dark green scallion tops, and lemon zest. Spoon the mixture into the zucchini shells, top with grated cheese and serve., ingredients: [2 large zucchini, sliced in 12 lengthwise, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 onion, chopped, 3 scallions, chopped, white and green separated, 3 tablespoons sultana raisins, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 cup basmati rice, rinsed, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 cardamom pods, 1 star anise, 1 bay leaf, 1 small dried hot pepper, Lemon zest, Grated Parmesan, optional], title: Grilled Stuffed Zucchini, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 21833: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour the whisky and soy sauce into a liquor glass, pour a side shot of pickle brine and serve with a pickle wedge. Sip or shoot the whisky, then immediately after swallowing, sip or shoot the pickle brine and then take a bite of the pickle wedge., ingredients: [1 12 ounces Japanese whiskey, such as Suntory Yamazaki, 14 ounce aged or naturally fermented soy sauce, 1 ounce pickle brine, such as McClures, Pickle wedge, for garnish], title: Japanese Pickleback, picturelink: M5dpRCd8fbFdsS8LGUj9x0J4a.u6S}, 21834: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine 18 muffin cups with muffin papers. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the cake mix, water, egg whites, melted butter, almond extract, and vanilla extract in a large bowl for 2 minutes, or until the batter is well blended. Using about 13 cup of batter for each cupcake, spoon the batter into the prepared muffin cups.nBake the cupcakes until they are very pale golden on top, about 15 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely on a cooling rack.nUsing a fork, coarsely mash 1 12 containers of raspberries in a medium bowl. Beat the cream and 13 cup of powdered sugar in a large bowl until firm peaks form. Fold the mashed raspberries into the whipped cream.nRemove the muffin papers from the cupcakes and cut the tops off of each cupcake. Spoon the raspberry whipped cream atop the cupcake bottoms. Place the cupcake tops on the cupcakes. Dust with more powdered sugar and serve with the remaining berries., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box white cake mix recommended: Duncan Hines Moist Deluxe, 1 13 cups water, 3 large eggs whites, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons almond extract, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 6ounce containers fresh raspberries, cut in half or 1 16ounce container fresh strawberries, coarsely chopped, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 13 cup powdered sugar, plus additional for dusting], title: Raspberry Cream Cupcakes, picturelink: 8LF6ueP6VREUBGvQCt5Y3fJYsPh0Vcm}, 21835: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPeel and cut butternut squash into 12inch cubes. Place on 2 sheet trays, drizzle with olive oil and 1 teaspoon salt and distribute evenly. Place in oven and bake until softened and golden.nWash beet greens and destem and chiffonade greens. Toast walnuts in a medium skillet over medium heat.nRemove squash from the oven and toss in beet greens, mint and goat cheese. Top with toasted walnuts. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve warm., ingredients: [4 butternut squash, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups beet greens, 34 cup walnuts, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 cup crumbled goat cheese], title: Roasted Butternut Squash with Beet Greens, Goat Cheese, Toasted Walnuts and Mint, picturelink: p1FLP5a6OQn.uILmoYDswtd.N99SVi6}, 21836: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the broccoli florets from the stems. Peel the tough outer skin from the stems and trim off the fibrous ends. Cut the stems lengthwise into slices about 12inch thick and then crosswise into 12inch pieces.nHeat the olive oil and butter in a soup pot over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the garlic and cook until light brown. Add the onion and celery, lower the heat to medium, and season with salt and pepper. Cook the vegetables slowly until tender, about 10 minutes. Regulate the heat so the vegetables cook without taking on color.nAdd the thyme and stir. Add the broccoli stems, stock, and salt and pepper, to taste, and bring to a boil. Cook, uncovered, for about 3 minutes. Add the florets and continue to cook until very tender, about 5 minutes more.nPuree the soup in a blender in small batches. Add some of the spinach and some of the lemon zest to each batch and then puree it. The soup can be made to this point, covered, and refrigerated for up to 1 day or frozen for up to 1 month.nReturn the soup to the pan and reheat over gentle heat. Stir in the cream. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nChefs Note: When I plan on finishing a dish with the addition of a dairy product, as I do here with cream, I often add a dairy product early in the cooking, too, as I do with the butter in the initial cooking of the vegetables. It melds the flavors., ingredients: [1 12 pounds broccoli, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup 14inch diced onion, 12 cup 14inch diced celery, Gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 5 cups chicken stock or canned lowsalt chicken broth, 2 cups packed spinach, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest, 1 cup heavy cream or buttermilk if using buttermilk, cut the lemon zest in half], title: Very Green Broccoli Soup, picturelink: 7Ja6x6V6qYjb5msmimePwPWpJG4THUa}, 21837: {instructions: Blend together all ingredients except the oils. Using a whisk or food processor, combine the oils and add them in a very fine stream, continuing to whisk until the mixture is well combined. Chill and shake thoroughly before serving.nNote: This dressing can be varied in numerous ways. Fresh dill, tarragon, or rosemary can be added. This can be used as a base for Ranch, Caesar or Thousand Island dressings it is also a marvelous marinade for vegetables, meats, or fish that are to be broiled or grilled.nSuggested Drink: Red Tail Ale, ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, Juice of one lemon, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon dry English mustard, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup olive oil, 3 cups salad oil], title: Cobbs Old Fashioned French Dressing, picturelink: null}, 21838: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the pork belly: Season the pork belly with salt and pepper. On mediumhigh heat, in half the oil, sear the meat in an ovenproof casserole dish on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add the carrots, celery, onion, fennel, thyme, and peppercorns and continue cooking for another 5 minutes, or until caramelized. Add the veal stock and hard cider. Cover the casserole dish with a lid, or securely with tin foil, and braise the pork belly in the oven for 3 hours, until tender. Remove the pork belly from the oven and set aside on an aluminumfoil covered plate. Strain the leftover liquid with a large sieve over a stockpot, discard the vegetables and skim the excess fat from the braising liquid. Heat a pan on high heat and add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Cut the pork belly into 4 equal pieces and sear on all sides until crispy, about 3 minutes. Remove from pan and keep warm. Before this step, reduce the glaze.nFor the glaze: Start by reducing the braising liquid by half for about 15 minutes on mediumhigh heat. Add the coffee and honey and continue cooking for about 5 minutes, until it thickens. You will know the sauce is done when it coats the back of a spoon. Set aside. For the scallops: Season the scallops with salt and pepper. In the same hot pan as the pork belly, sear the scallops on both sides for about 1 minute.nFor serving: Drizzle the coffee glaze over the pork belly. Top with a scallop. Season with sea salt and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh pork belly, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 medium carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 celery stalk, coarsely chopped, 1 onion, roughly chopped, 1 fennel bulb, quartered, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 4 cups veal stock, 1 cup hard cider or apple juice, 4 large scallops, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Braising liquid, 1 teaspoon black coffee, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Pork Belly and Scallop Starter with Coffee Glaze, picturelink: null}, 21839: {instructions: For the butter: Heat the butter in a heavyduty saucepan over very low heat until it melts. Simmer gently until the foam rises to the top of the melted butter. Remove from heat and skim off the foam with a spoon.nLine a mesh strainer with a few layers of cheesecloth or gauze and place over a bowl. Carefully pour the warm butter through the cheeseclothlined strainer into a bowl, leaving behind any solids from the bottom of the pan.nFor the syrup: In a small saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter until it begins to shimmer. Add the almonds and saute until lightly golden brown. Add the syrup and almond extract and cook until heated through. Keep warm.nFor the French toast: In a small baking dish, whisk together the eggs, yolks and sugar until smooth. Add the halfandhalf, almond extract, vanilla extract and salt and whisk until combined.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the clarified butter in a medium saute pan over medium heat until it begins to shimmer. Dip one of the croissants in the egg mixture for 10 seconds, flip and soak another 10 seconds. Carefully put the soaked croissant into the hot butter cutside down and cook until golden brown and a crust has formed, about 1 12 minutes. Flip and cook until the bottom is crisp and golden brown as well, about 1 minute. Repeat for the remaining croissants.nServe hot with the almond butter syrup. Garnish with mint leaves and sprinkle confectioners sugar over the top., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, cut in half, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup sliced almonds, 34 cup pure maple syrup, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, 3 eggs, 3 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons pure cane sugar, 1 14 cups halfandhalf, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch sea salt, 4 fresh allbutter croissants, sliced crosswise partway through, opened and flattened, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Almond Croissant French Toast with Almond Butter Syrup, picturelink: fz5SAEjIbmxbM3nsYWln9ePhNs32a6}, 21840: {instructions: Adjust two racks to divide the oven into thirds. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Have ready two ungreased baking sheets.nIn a food processor fitted with a steel blade, process the walnuts with 2 tablespoons of the confectioners sugar until finely ground.nIn a mediumsize bowl, with a whisk, combine the flour and 34 cup of the groundwalnut mixture until thoroughly mixed.nIn a large bowl, with an electric mixer at mediumhigh speed, beat together the butter, the remaining confectioners sugar, and vanilla until creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. With the mixer at mediumlow speed, gradually add the flour mixture, beating just until blended. Scoop heaping measuring teaspoonfuls of the dough out of the bowl and roll them into 1inch balls between the palms of your hands. Arrange the balls on the baking sheets, spacing them about 2 inches apart. Bake for about 11 minutes until golden around the edges. Reverse the baking sheets on the racks and from front to back once during baking. With a wide turner, immediately transfer the cookies to wire racks to cool completely.While the cookies are cooling, make the filling. In a mediumsize saucepan set over low heat, melt together the chocolate, butter, and cream, stirring constantly until smooth. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool slightly. Stir in the vanilla until blended. Gradually add the confectioners sugar, beating until smooth.nSprinkle the remaining walnut mixture on a sheet of waxed paper. When the cookies have cooled, spread the bottom side of each one with a generous teaspoon of the filling. Top with the remaining cookies, flat sides down on the filling. Roll the chocolate edges of the cookies into the walnut mixture. Store in a tightly covered container, separating the layers with sheets of waxed paper., ingredients: [1 cup walnut pieces, divided, 23 cup confectioners sugar, divided, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup 2 sticks salted butter or margarine, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup 3 ounces semisweet chocolate morsels, 2 tablespoons salted butter or margarine, 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup confectioners sugar], title: ChocolateFilled Holiday Balls, picturelink: null}, 21841: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, salt and sugar mix thoroughly. Cut in butter using 2 forks or a pastry blender. The butter pieces should be coated with flour and resemble crumbs.nIn another bowl, mix buttermilk and egg together, and then add to the flour mixture. Mix just to incorporate, do no overwork the dough.nRoll blueberries in flour to coat, this will help prevent the fruit from sinking to the bottom of the scone when baked. Fold the blueberries into batter, being careful not to bruise. Drop large tablespoons of batter on an ungreased cookie sheet.nBake for 15 to 20 minutes until brown. Cool before applying the orange glaze.nTo prepare Orange Glaze: combine butter, sugar, orange zest, and juice over a double boiler. Cook until butter and sugar are melted and mixture has thickened. Remove from heat and beat until smooth and slightly cool. Drizzle or brush on top of scones and let glaze get hazy and hardened., ingredients: [2 cups unbleached flour, plus more for rolling berries, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup unsalted butter, chilled and cut in chunks, 34 cup buttermilk or cream, 1 egg, 1 pint fresh blueberries, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups powdered sugar, sifted, 2 oranges, juiced and zested], title: Orange Glazed Blueberry Scones, picturelink: EU46Mup3GZTa3ZZm3p0TcK77ThTjJ6}, 21842: {instructions: Rinse the octopus well under cold water and clean the sac, making sure to get rid of any grit. Flip the octopus over and look for the beak the dark, hard, crusty shelllike bit and scoop out with a paring knife. Add the beak and octopus to a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil, and then lower to mediumhigh heat and cook until the octopus is fork tender, about 40 minutes. Drain and let cool, and then cut into bitesize pieces. Meanwhile, peel your potatoes, cut into bitesize pieces and cover with cold water in another pot. Bring to a boil and cook until tender. Combine the octopus, potatoes, olive oil and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Add the black olives and parsley to finish., ingredients: [2 pounds octopus, 2 large potatoes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup black olives, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped], title: Octopus and Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 21843: {instructions: Heat the broiler with the rack in the upper third of the oven.nToast the walnuts in a small pan over medium heat until fragrant.nHeat the EVOO, a turn of the pan, in a large skillet or Dutch oven with lid over mediumhigh heat. Add 3 tablespoons butter to the pan and melt. Then add the celery, carrots, bay leaf and onions. Next, season with salt, pepper and thyme. Partially cover the pan and sweat the vegetables for 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the lid, sprinkle the vegetables with the flour and stir 1 minute. Then whisk in 2 12 cups chicken stock and cook to thicken. Add the turkey and heat through. Reduce the heat to a simmer and remove the bay leaf.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 12 cups chicken stock and the milk to a low boil. Whisk in the polenta and thicken, 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle the polenta with a little salt and stir in half of the Cheddar, the cranberry sauce, honey, orange zest, walnuts and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Spoon and spread the polenta over the top of the turkey filling and scatter the remaining Cheddar over top. Broil to brown and set the top, 1 to 2 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon EVOO, 5 tablespoons butter, 3 to 4 ribs celery, with leaves, chopped, 2 carrots, sliced, 1 onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 round tablespoons flour, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 12 pounds chopped cooked turkey, 2 cups milk, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 1 12 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, 12 cup whole berry cranberry sauce leftover or dried sweetened cranberries, plumped in warm water and drained, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon orange zest], title: Turkey Pot Pie with CranberryOrange Corn Muffin Topping, picturelink: NktzHGpT.oaV0z2V4oYixL8LJ2twC}, 21844: {instructions: Using half the flour 34 cup coat the pieces of rabbit, shaking off any excess. Heat the oil and butter in a large heavybottomed saucepan, and brown the floured rabbit on all sides. Add the celery, carrots, onions, salt, pepper, bay leaves, 6 cups water and red wine, and stew for about 2 hours. Add the potatoes 45 minutes into the stewing process. Once the rabbit and all the vegetables are cooked, use some water to form a paste with the remaining 34 cup flour. Stir the flour mixture into the pot as a thickener. Add the already sauteed mushrooms to the stew and allow to simmer for about 10 minutes. Adjust seasonings, if necessary, and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds rabbit, cut into stewsized pieces, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup celery, diced, 2 cups diced carrots, 2 onions, finely diced, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 bay leaves, 6 cups water, 4 cups red wine, 4 mediumsized potatoes, diced, 12 cup sliced sauteed mushrooms], title: Rabbit Stew, picturelink: null}, 21845: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the flours, baking powder, and salt.nIn batches, stir the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients until just blended. Stir in the almonds. Fill the cups with batter, 13 of the way full. Bake until golden on top and a tester inserted into the center of the muffins comes out with moist crumbs attached, about 20 minutes. Place on a wire rack and cool for 20 minutes. Dust with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup fresh orange juice, at room temperature, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup plain whole milk Greek yogurt, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon pure almond extract, 1 large orange, zested, 1 cup almond flour, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted see Cooks Note, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: OrangeScented Almond and Olive Oil Muffins, picturelink: SrDZhpsTSWT2MklI2pjCiJIjiEXjEO}, 21846: {instructions: Combine the eggs, milk, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl and mix very well with a fork or a whisk.nSet a plate by the stove. Heat a small about 6 inches seasoned omelet pan or nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is warm, add the butter it should sizzle gently. Swirl the pan to distribute the butter as it melts. When the butter stops sizzling and the foam subsides add the eggs. Pause to let the eggs heat slightly and then stir vigorously, with a heatproof spatula, making sure you include the sides of the egg mixture occasionally so the omelet cooks evenly. Once the eggs are just set, bang the pan gently on the burner to release the omelet from the pan. Check to see that it is not sticking to the sides or bottom of the pan, if so release the omelet with a heat proof spatula. Hold the pan at a 45degree angle to the stove and carefully fold the omelet like a business letter. Cook just until the desired degree of doneness lifting the pan or reducing the heat to prevent browning. A classic omelet doesnt have any browning on it. Transfer to a warm plate and serve.nOmelet Filling Suggestions: There are many omelet fillings, both raw and cooked, sweet and savory. Here is a starting point, but feel free to improvise. Once the eggs are set add any of these ingredients before folding. An alternative method, to use with delicate fillings, like creme fraiche and herbs, fresh fruits or caviar is it to roll the omelet and then slice the top open, as you would a baked potato, and then fill it.n 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh herbs, like Italian parsley, basil, dill, tarragon, chives, thyme, and chervil. Use the herbs alone or in combination, like the classic combination fine herbs equal parts parsley, chervil, chives and tarragon. Brush the finished omelet with butter and sprinkle with additional herbs. Herbs can also be added to the omelet mixture to flavor the eggs more fully.n 2 to 3 tablespoons cooked vegetables like, chopped asparagus, spinach or other greens, zucchini, mushrooms, eggplant or peppersn 2 tablespoons diced fresh tomato or avocadon 2 tablespoons grated cheese, like Gruyere, Goat cheese, Cheddar, Monterey Jack, Gouda, Fetan 1 tablespoon currant jelly, then dust omelet with confectioners sugarn 2 tablespoons chopped proscuitto or other ham, crumbled cooked bacon or other cured meatn 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped smoked salmon or trout, with a tablespoon sour cream, cream cheese or creme fraichen 1 tablespoon honey with 1 tablespoon ricotta cheesen 2 to 3 tablespoons sliced apples, pears or strawberries, alone or with a complimentary cheese, ingredients: [2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons milk, Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Omelet filling suggestions, optional, follow.], title: French Omelet, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 21847: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and coat 4 cups of a muffin pan with cooking spray. Fold each tortilla in half, then form into a cone, overlapping the sides. Fold up the point of the cone slightly, then press the tortilla into the prepared muffin pan to form a cup shape coat with cooking spray. Transfer to the oven and bake until golden and crisp, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the flour, cumin, chili powder, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Add the chicken and toss to coat.nHeat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken in a single layer and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Add the onion, celery, carrots and bell pepper and cook until the vegetables begin softening, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and chicken broth to the skillet and bring to a simmer. Cook until the vegetables are tender and the sauce thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cilantro and season with salt and pepper.nDivide the chicken mixture among the tortilla cups. Top with the cheese.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 4 large 10inch flour tortillas, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, diced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 small onion, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 2 carrots, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 14.5ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup shredded monterey jack or pepper jack cheese], title: Chicken Tortilla Cups, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 21848: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425u00b0F. Line a halfsheet pan with foil.nWhisk the mayonnaise and mustard in a large bowl until smooth. Add the asparagus and toss to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss again. Cut each salami slice into 4 strips. Wrap 1 strip around each asparagus stalk, spiraling it. Place on the prepared pan, with the ends of the strips against the pan, and spacing 12 inch apart.nRoast until the salami is crisp and the asparagus is bright green and crisptender, about 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring the vinegar and honey to a boil in a small saucepan. Boil until syrupy, 4 to 5 minutes. Drizzle all over serving plates and top with the asparagus., ingredients: [1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 pound asparagus about 48 stalks, trimmed, Kosher salt and black pepper., 12 thin slices salami 3 ounces, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey], title: SalamiWrapped Asparagus with Balsamic Glaze, picturelink: zwfFxjTK8UbnRFSdKY0n5Fnv584h0Rq}, 21849: {instructions: Place the cream cheese in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and whip until it is firm like whipped cream. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the cream, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Beat on high speed until the mixture is very thick.nLine a 6inch coeur a la creme mold or 6inch sieve with a few layers of cheesecloth, allowing the excess to drape over the sides. Pour the cream mixture into the cheesecloth and smooth the top with a rubber spatula. Fold the excess cheesecloth over the top of the cream. Place the mold on a plate or suspend the sieve over a small bowl. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight.nWhen ready to serve, unmold the creme upside down onto a plate and pour the chutney over the top, allowing it to drip down the sides. Serve chilled with crackers., ingredients: [12 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 bottle chutney recommended: Cross and Blackwell Major Greys, Crackers, for serving], title: Savory Coeur a la Creme, picturelink: T2YabG79YDeKKAMD5kNpqs5mWTDAkK}, 21850: {instructions: Combine the strawberries, pineapple juice, coconut cream, and crushed ice in a blender and blend until smooth and thick. Serve in a margarita glass or other fun glass and garnish with drink umbrella, whole strawberry, pineapple wedge, and fresh mint leaf., ingredients: [1 cup ripe strawberries, stemmed and chopped, 1 cup pineapple juice, 14 cup coconut cream recommended: Coco Lopez, Crushed ice, as needed, Paper drink umbrellas, for garnish, Whole strawberries, for garnish, Pineapple wedges, for garnish, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Strawberry Pina Colada, picturelink: XkqkvPW2OW3zDj256tLNc0z1kpxN1sO}, 21851: {instructions: Repeat process as above, replacing cucumber with salmon and butter with cream cheese., ingredients: [Thinly sliced smoked salmon, 6 slices white bread, Cream cheese to taste], title: Smoked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 21852: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread sesame seeds on a baking pan. Bake until fragrant and golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer seeds to a bowl to cool.nPlace the onion, peppercorns, bay leaf, and thyme in a large pot. Add the chicken to the pot with just enough cold water to cover. Cover and bring to a simmer. Then uncover and cook for 1 hour. Drain the chicken, reserving the cooking liquid, and set the chicken aside to cool. Discard the seasonings and refrigerate or freeze the stock for future use. When the chicken is cool enough to handle, remove the skin and discard. Shred the meat from the chicken and then chop it very fine. Refrigerate, covered, until well chilled.nIn a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise and sesame oil. Add this to the chicken and combine well. Add the cilantro, chives and scallions and combine well. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate, covered, until ready to use.nSpread each bread slice with butter, reserving some butter for garnishing. Spread an even layer of chicken salad onto half of the slices of bread. Top with the other half of the slices to make sandwiches. Trim the crusts. Cut each sandwich on the diagonal. Arrange the sandwiches longedge down in a row to form a horizontal pyramid. Spread the remaining butter along 1 side of the pyramid. Spread the toasted sesame seeds along the buttered edge to cover. Garnish the platter with mizuna leaves and serve.nCombine the oils in a large glass measuring cup. In the bowl of a food processor, add the eggs, mustard, and 34 teaspoon of salt. Process until the mixture is foamy and pale, about 1 12 minutes. With the machine running, add the oil, drop by drop, until the mixture starts to thicken about 12 cup of oil total do not stop the machine at this point or the mayonnaise may not come together.nAdd the remaining oil in a slow, steady stream. When all of the oil has been incorporated, slowly add the lemon juice. Taste and adjust the mayonnaise for seasoning. Fresh mayonnaise can be kept, refrigerated, in an airtight container for up to 5 days.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell.nYield: 2 12 cupsnUse light olive oil to make the mayonnaise for delicately flavored foods such as tea sandwiches Use richly flavored extravirgin olive oil for a more assertive version. ., ingredients: [1 medium onion, skin on, sliced in half, 6 black peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 3 12pound chicken, giblets removed, rinsed and patted dry, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons Homemade or prepared mayonnaise, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives, 3 scallions, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced crosswise to yield 14 cup, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 24 very thin slices white sandwich bread, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup sesame seeds, toasted, Mizuna leaves, for garnish, 1 cup light olive oil, 1 cup vegetable or safflower oil, 2 large eggs, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 34 teaspoon coarse salt, plus more to taste, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: SesameCrusted Chicken Salad Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 21853: {instructions: Cut peaches in half and remove seed. Place clove in the center of each peach and sprinkle with mint and cinnamon. Melt butter and mix with honey, cinnamon and brown sugar. Brush each peach with butter mixture. Place peaches skin side down on grill and grill to heat through about 4 minutes. Whip cream and 4 ounces powdered sugar together until stiff peaks form. Place 2 halves of peach on plate and garnish with 1 tablespoon of whipped cream. Garnish plates with remaining 4 ounces of powd, ingredients: [6 peaches, 12 cloves, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon chopped mint, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 8 ounces heavy cream, 4 ounces powdered sugar, plus 4 ounces, for dusting], title: Marinated Grilled Peaches with Cloves, picturelink: null}, 21854: {instructions: Place the popcorn kernels in a 2 12quart microwavesafe bowl. Cover completely with a microwavesafe plate. Microwave on high at 100 percent power until the popping slows down to about 4 seconds between each pop, 4 minutes and 45 seconds. Remove just the plate using a potholder or thick dish towel, being careful to avoid direct contact with the hot steam from the bowl. Then remove the bowl.nPlace the butter in a microwavesafe liquid measuring cup. Microwave on high at 100 percent power until the butter just melts, 45 seconds. If the butter is not melted enough, microwave again in 10second increments. Drizzle the popcorn with the butter, sprinkle with the salt and toss to distribute evenly., ingredients: [14 cup popcorn kernels, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Microwave Popcorn, picturelink: Knz6LSFDUMrGIwg5n4gh0p3.40.LbAu}, 21855: {instructions: In a large bowl blend margarine and cream cheese together, by hand with a metal spoon. Slowly add flour until it is all incorporated and a dough is formed. The dough will be soft and sticky. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and put in refrigerator overnight, or for several hours until hard to the touch.nFlour the countertop. Take a handful of dough out of bowl returning the unused portion to the refrigerator continue this process until all mixture is used. Roll handful of dough out into an approximately 14inch thickness. Take a 2 by 3inch diamond shaped cookie cutter, and cut as many diamonds as possible size of kolachky should be two bites, so the cutter cannot be large. Take leftover dough and roll out again, cutting more diamonds. Repeat until all the dough is used.nPlace the diamond cut out onto the palm of hand. Put a 12 to 1 teaspoon of fruit filling apricot or strawberry or raspberry or prune flavors into the center of the diamond shape.nDip your finger in a little bit of water, put on one side of diamond. Fold lengthwise and seal the tops of the kolachky together to create a 3dimensional diamond shape. Place on cookie sheets and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10 to12 minutes.nDO NOT USE Super heat cookie sheets or any of the new nonstick coated cookie sheets. They will bake too quickly and burn the bottoms of the kolachky before you realize it. YOU MUST USE ANY KIND OF CHEAP COOKIE SHEETS usually bought at a grocery store. Cover the cookie sheet with foil or parchment paper. Do not grease the foil.nLook at your kolachky every few minutes, while baking, as ovens vary in heat distribution. The later batches may cook faster than the first ones. Check the BOTTOMS of the kolachkys. They are done when the BOTTOMS are soft golden brown. The tops may not look done, but they ARE Remove from oven, wait 3 minutes, then remove to a cooling rack. When ready to serve, sprinkle with powdered sugar., ingredients: [2 sticks margarine, softened, 6 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 cups flour, 1 12ounce can pureed fruit filling, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Kolachky Cookies, picturelink: null}, 21856: {instructions: Line an 8 by 8inch baking pan with parchment paper.nGrind the peanuts, brown sugar and flour in a food processor. Slowly add the sweetened condensed milk until the mixture starts to come together. Check if the mixture is ready by taking a handful and pressing it into a ball with your fingers. The mixture should hold its shape. If it doesnt, add more sweetened condensed milk to achieve desired consistency. Turn out onto the prepared pan. Firmly press down on the mixture until it is level and compact. Let the mixture set up at room temperature for 1 to 2 hours.nTurn out the candy onto a cutting board and lift away the parchment paper. Cut into bitesize squares. Serve on desired platter and garnish with chopped peanuts. Store in an airtight container.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 12 cups lightly salted peanuts, plus more for garnishing, 1 14 cups light brown sugar, 23 cup manioc flour, 13 cup sweetened condensed milk], title: Pacoca, picturelink: ze6q5ot4iPFeoiFa2XPbnfD4LCNiH6}, 21857: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 bamboo skewersnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nFor the garlic butter: Place the garlic in a small saute pan and set over medium heat. Add the butter and warm through. Cook the garlic until fragrant, 4 to 5 minutes. Then place the garlic butter in the fridge to firm up again.nFor the blistered chile: Toss the poblano with olive oil to coat. Place the pepper under the broiler or char on the grill over a direct flame until the skin blisters. When done, remove the seeds, stem and roughly chop. Reserve.nFor the onions and peppers: Set a large saute pan over high heat. Add a drizzle of olive oil and saute the onions and bell peppers until wilted, 5 to 6 minutes. Season with the paprika and some salt and pepper.nFor the turkey burgers: In a large mixing bowl, combine the turkey, mustard, Worcestershire, cumin, white pepper and the reserved blistered chile. Sprinkle with kosher salt. Mix gently until well combined. Form into four 4ounce burger patties. Wipe the grill down with oilblotted towels, and then place the burgers on the hot grill and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the burgers, top with a slice of cheese and cook until cooked through and cheese has melted, 3 to 4 minutes. Set aside and allow to rest.nSmear the buns with the garlic butter. Grill the buns until golden and crispy, 20 to 30 seconds on each side.nTo build the burgers, place 1 grilled turkey burger on the bottom half of the bun. Then top with a good heaping of sauteed onions and peppers. Finish with the top half of the bun and skewer to hold all of it together. Serve with extra mustard on the side., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 large poblano pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium red onion, julienned, 12 large red pepper, seeds and membrane removed, julienned, 12 large yellow pepper, seeds and membrane removed, julienned, 14 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 pound lean ground turkey breast and thigh, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, plus more for serving, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Pinch white pepper, Kosher salt, Olive oil, 4 slices Monterey Jack cheese, 4 brioche burger buns], title: Turkey and Blistered Green Chile Burger, picturelink: uag6NSZMxVJgunsfznvOQGcrDh.Nta}, 21858: {instructions: Tie the parsley stems and thyme together with kitchen string and place in a 6quart slow cooker. Add the split peas, leek, celery, carrots, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper stir to combine. Add the turkey leg and 7 cups water. Cover and cook on low until the split peas and meat are tender, 6 to 8 hours.nDiscard the herb bundle. Discard the skin and bones from the turkey leg and shred the meat. Vigorously stir the soup to break up the peas and make the soup smoother. Thin with water, if desired. Stir in the chopped parsley and about threequarters of the turkey meat season with salt and pepper.nLadle the soup into bowls. Thin the yogurt with a little water, then spoon onto the soup. Top with the thawed peas and the remaining turkey. Serve with bread, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 cup chopped fresh parsley, plus 8 to 10 parsley stems, 4 sprigs thyme, 1 pound green split peas, picked over and rinsed, 1 large leek, white and light green part only, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 smoked turkey leg 1 to 1 12 pounds, 14 cup nonfat plain yogurt, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, Crusty multigrain bread, for serving optional], title: SlowCooker Split Pea Soup, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 21859: {instructions: Bring 1 12 cups water to a boil with 2 shredded carrots, 14 cup golden raisins, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and a pinch each of cinnamon and pepper. Pour over 1 cup wholewheat couscous cover and let sit, 5 minutes. Fluff and stir in chopped parsley.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Carrot and Raisin Couscous, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 21860: {instructions: Mash 6 hardboiled egg yolks, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon each smooth mustard, Worcestershire sauce and white wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon paprika, the juice of 12 lemon, some hot sauce and salt. Beat 14 cup cream to soft peaks fold into the yolks. Dust the whites with paprika, then fill with the yolk mixture. Top with scallions.nPhotographs by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Creamy Deviled Eggs, picturelink: nlCq2qUm25Pc2yH5SOzaCuK2RPfv0S}, 21861: {instructions: Put the beans into a food processor and pulse until coarsely ground. While pulsing, slowly add the vegetable broth until the beans are creamy but still have some small chunks.nTransfer the bean mixture to a nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Cook, stirring, until the beans are warm, about 3 minutes. Stir in the onion, tomato, jalapeno and cilantro, then remove from the heat season with salt and pepper.nServe warm or at room temperature with tortilla chips for dipping., ingredients: [Two 16ounce cans black beans, rinsed and drained, 14 cup vegetable broth, 12 red onion, finely chopped, 12 large tomato, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded and minced or leave the seeds in for more spice, if desired, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves picked and finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh tortilla chips, for serving], title: Black Bean Dip, picturelink: null}, 21862: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 F. Line a 12cup standard muffin tin with paper cupcake liners.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, add the butter and granulated sugar. Beat with a handheld mixer until combined. Add the sour cream and vanilla. Slowly beat in the eggs, one at a time. Incorporate the dry mixture and wet mixture together until thoroughly combined. Add the bananas and 12 cup walnuts, being careful not to over mix.nUsing an ice cream scoop, fill each cupcake liner threequarters of the way full. Bake in the oven until the tops turn goldenbrown and a toothpick, inserted in the middle of the cupcake, comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove the cupcakes from the oven to a wire rack and let cool before frosting.nIn a large bowl, add the cream cheese and butter. Beat together until incorporated. Add the molasses and mix well. Stir in the confectioners sugar, milk and vanilla.nHeavily frost the cupcakes and garnish with the remaining 14 cup walnuts., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 stick butter, softened, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 2 large ripe bananas, peeled, and mashed, 34 cup chopped walnuts, 4 ounce cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons whole milk], title: Ginas Banana Cupcakes, picturelink: qXtjqyS38gwlkZ2Da.EFBp0E3CMVyRe}, 21863: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes into a large saucepan, cover with cold water and add a big pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Use a slotted spoon or a spider to remove the potatoes to a bowl. Add the green beans to the boiling water and cook for 3 minutes longer.nAdd the basil, olive oil, pine nuts, Parmesan, garlic and some salt and pepper to a bowl of a food processor and pulse until smooth.nAdd the pesto to the stillwarm potatoes and toss all together. Drain the green beans into a colander in the sink and rinse to stop the cooking. Add to the bowl. Serve warm or chilled. Can be made 1 day ahead., ingredients: [2 12 pounds baby red new potatoes, scrubbed and cut in half, Kosher salt, 4 ounces fresh basil leaves 4 cups loosely packed basil, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup chopped pine nuts, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 large clove garlic, peeled, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds green beans, ends trimmed, cut into half], title: Potato Salad with Green Beans and Pesto, picturelink: 8fbA5OMk.s7nW6Iq6.66qNHXslnVu}, 21864: {instructions: Put the chicken in a large bowl. Add cold water, by the quart, to cover the chicken by about 1 inch. Add 1 tablespoon of salt to each quart of water. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.nWhen youre ready to cook, mix the flour, garlic and onion powders, paprika, and cayenne in a large, shallow platter until well blended season generously with salt and pepper. Stir together the buttermilk and hot sauce in another large, deep platter or wide, shallow bowl season with salt and pepper.nDrain the chicken in a colander and pat it dry. Dredge the pieces a few at a time in the flour mixture. Dip them into the buttermilk and then roll them in the seasoned flour again to make a good crust. Put the chicken pieces on a piece of parchment or waxed paper, or on a clean platter, while you heat the oil.nPour about 3 inches of oil into a large deep pot the oil should not come more than half way up the sides of the pot. Put the pot over mediumhigh heat and heat the oil to 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Working in batches, add the chicken pieces to the hot oil, 3 or 4 at a time and fry, turning the pieces occasionally, until evenly golden brown and cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and transfer to a rack to drain repeat to cook the remaining pieces. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 chicken 3 to 4 pounds, cut up into 10 pieces, Kosher salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons chile paste such as sambal, Peanut oil, for deepfrying], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 21865: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and place the poblano chiles in a skillet or on a baking sheet. Broil the chiles for about 5 minutes per side. Immediately place the chiles in a paper sack or plastic foodstorage bag, close it tightly, and let the chiles steam for 20 minutes. To peel the chiles, remove them from the bag and gently rub off the skins. Remove the seeds, dice them and set them aside.nIn a large soup pot or Dutch oven, heat 1 tablespoon of the bacon grease over mediumlow heat. Lightly salt and pepper the pork and add to the pot, browning on each side, 2 to 5 minutes per side. You may have to do this in batches. Once browned, transfer the pork to a large bowl, pouring the pan juices into the bowl.nReturn the pot to the stove and heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of bacon grease over mediumlow heat. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds more.nReturn the pork and its juices to the pot. Add the poblano chiles, jalapeno chiles, tomatillos, chicken broth, Mexican lager, cumin, oregano, allspice, cay enne, and 12 cup of the cilantro. Turn the heat to high and bring to a boil then turn the heat down to low and gently simmer, uncovered, for 2 hours, stirring occasionally and skimming any fat from the surface.nTaste and adjust the seasonings, adding salt and pepper to taste. Continue to cook, uncovered, until the pork is tender, anywhere from 30 to 60 minutes more. To thicken the chili, in a bowl mix together the masa harina with 2 table spoons of the chili liquid. Stir this back into the pot, along with the remaining 12 cup cilantro and the lime juice. Cook until the chili has thickened, 10 more minutes. Serve with sour cream and shredded Monterey Jack cheese., ingredients: [4 poblano chiles, 2 tablespoons bacon grease or vegetable oil, Salt and black pepper, 4 pounds boneless pork shoulder, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 yellow onion, diced, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded, and diced, 1 pound tomatillos, husked and halved, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup Mexican lager, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Pinch of cayenne, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons masa harina or cornmeal, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Sour cream, for serving, Shredded Monterey Jack, for serving], title: Pork Chili Verde, picturelink: mDJF3mdyJtA7Ke0CJp0p3zLJOSYfq}, 21866: {instructions: In a slow cooker, combine the beans, andouille, celery, ham shank, onions, bell peppers, chili powder, cumin, garlic powder, cayenne, onion powder, paprika, brown sugar and 2 teaspoons salt. Add the chicken stock and 2 cups water and stir to mix.nCook on the high setting until the beans are tender, 6 to 8 hours. Season with salt. Serve with rice, topped with scallions., ingredients: [1 pound dried red beans, 12 pound andouille sausage, chopped, 3 ribs celery, chopped, 1 smoked ham shank, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 large green bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon brown sugar, Kosher salt, 4 cups chicken stock, 8 cups cooked longgrain white rice, for serving, 4 scallions, chopped], title: Slow Cooker Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 21867: {instructions: For the grilled sardines: Add the sardines, salt and lemon juice in a bowl. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for 1 hour.nMeanwhile, for the garlicwalnut sauce: Add the walnuts, parsley, dill and garlic in a food processor. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Blend until finely ground. With the food processor running, add the olive oil and blend until smooth. The mixture should resemble pesto.nHeat the grill preferably charcoal to high for direct grilling. Remove the sardines from the bowl and pat dry. Brush the sardines with canola oil and sprinkle with pepper. Grill the sardines until golden brown and slightly charred, about 3 minutes. Flip the sardines over and continue grilling for 1 minute. Transfer the sardines to a platter and drizzle with the garlicwalnut sauce and garnish with the parsley and lemon zest., ingredients: [2 pounds sardines about 15, heads removed and gutted, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup canola oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup whole walnuts, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, for garnish, Grated lemon zest, for garnish], title: Grilled Sardines with Garlic Walnut Sauce, picturelink: VtApbOu4RN9HLCZqd3q6PXGGY363lq}, 21868: {instructions: In a 2 cup measuring cup combine rice and water and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Cook at 100 percent power for 4 minutes. Heat oil in 2 quart casserole dish uncovered for 2 minutes. Stir in onions and crumbled beef and cook uncovered for 5 minutes stirring once. Drain off most of fat, leaving 2 to 3 tablespoons in dish. Add 1 12 cups tomatoes, garlic, thyme and oregano and drained rice and stir to combine. Slice off tops of 4 green or red bell peppers and remove seeds. Divide stuffing among the peppers and replace tops of peppers. Place peppers in baking dish. Combine 12 cup crushed tomatoes, 14 cup white wine and 14 cup water and pour into bottom of dish. Cover tightly with heavy duty plastic wrap and cook for 20 minutes. Poke through wrap with knife after 10 minutes of cooking to let steam escape. Let stuffed peppers stand for about 5 minutes after cooking., ingredients: [12 cup rice, 1 12 cups water, 14 cup olive oil, 1 large onion, peeled and finely chopped, 6 ounces ground beef, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 cups crushed tomatoes, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon thyme, 1 teaspoon oregano, 4 red or green bell peppers], title: Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: null}, 21869: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: four 12ounce soup crocksnFor the soup: Melt the butter in a large Dutch oven or pot over medium heat. Add half of the onions and season with 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Top with the remaining onions and season with 14 teaspoon salt and a few more grinds of pepper. Add the bay leaves and thyme. Cook, stirring occasionally, until all of the liquid evaporates the onions are very soft and just begin to turn golden, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nAdd the white wine, bring to a simmer and cook, stirring, until almost completely evaporated, about 6 minutes. Pour in the beef broth and 1 cup water, bring to a high simmer and cook until the soup has reduced to 5 cups, 30 to 40 minutes. Season with salt and a few grinds of pepper. Remove the bay leaves and thyme. Either keep warm on a low burner or cool completely, refrigerate and reheat later. The soup can be made and refrigerated up to 2 days in advance or frozen for up to 1 month.nFor the mac n cheese: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil, add the macaroni and cook according to package instructions. Drain, reserving 12 cup of the cooking liquid.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour until smooth, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in the milk and reserved pasta water and stir until thick, about 4 minutes. Stir in 1 cup each of the cheeses, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper stir until melted and smooth. Remove from the heat and stir in the cooked pasta until coated. Let cool slightly, stirring frequently.nPreheat the oven to broil. Place the soup crocks on a rimmed baking sheet and divide the hot soup among the crocks, filling about threequarters of the way. Top each with a quarter of the mac n cheese some will sink into the soup, which is fine. Evenly sprinkle with the remaining cheeses and the panko. Broil until the cheese is melted and golden brown in spots, 2 to 3 minutes the soup will bubble and some may spill out. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 4 medium yellow onions, thinly sliced about 14 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bay leaves, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 cups lowsodium beef broth, 4 ounces elbow macaroni 1 cup, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 34 cup milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 34 cups shredded gruyere, 1 34 cups shredded sharp yellow Cheddar, 2 tablespoons panko breadcrumbs], title: French Onion Macaroni and Cheese Soup, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 21870: {instructions: Special equipment: a deep fryernHeat the oil in the deep fryer to 360 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl combine the 2 12 cups flour, cornmeal, brown sugar, baking soda, and salt. Whisk together the buttermilk, water, eggs, and vanilla. Add the wet ingredients to the dry and mix to form a lumpy batter. Dredge the apple rings into the remaining flour, shaking off any excess. Dip the apples in batter and fry until golden, about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the oil and place on a paper towel to absorb the excess oil. Serve with Caramel Drizzle.nIn a medium pot combine the water and sugar. Over high heat bring to a boil and cook until the syrup becomes amber, about 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the apple juice slowly, being careful of the steam released. Add the cinnamon and star anise.nReturn to high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and simmer until reduced to 1 cup of liquid, about 20 minutes. Discard the cinnamon stick and star anise and cool.nStore for up to 1 month in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus 12 cup, 1 cup cornmeal, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 1 12 cups water, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 Granny Smith apples, cored and cut into 14inch thick rings, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, Caramel Drizzle, recipe follows, 2 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 2 cups apple juice, 1 cinnamon sticks, 2 star anise], title: Apple Fritters with Caramel Drizzle, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 21871: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nDrizzle the chicken with some oil, season with salt and pepper and put on a baking sheet. Roast until the internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on a meat thermometer, 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside until cool enough to handle, then cut into large dice.nMeanwhile, add 14 cup oil to a large Dutch oven and heat over medium heat. When hot, add the celery, onions and bell peppers and saute until tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the flour, stir to coat the vegetables and cook until the flour starts to brown, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the warm chicken stock, stirring until combined. Add the beans, chiles, garlic powder, cumin, rosemary and green tomatoes and bring to a simmer, cooking until the mixture starts to thicken, 15 to 20 minutes.nAdd the diced chicken and cayenne and season with salt and pepper. Cover and cook for another 10 minutes to warm through. Serve garnished with sour cream., ingredients: [1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 14 cup vegetable oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 3 celery stalks, cut into medium dice about 1 cup, 1 medium onion, cut into medium dice about 2 cups, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into medium dice about 1 cup, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups 1 quart chicken stock, warmed, Two 15ounce cans Great Northern beans, Two 4ounce cans chopped green chiles, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 2 green tomatoes, cut into large dice about 2 cups, 12 to 1 teaspoon cayenne, depending on how much spice you like, Sour cream, for garnish], title: Roasted Chicken White Chili, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 21872: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray . For the garlic oil: Heat the oil in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and saute until browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool For the biscuits: Pour the biscuit mix into a large bowl and gradually mix in the milk. Stir together until desired consistency is reached, add then stir in the cheeses. Scoop the batter with an icecream scoop and drop onto the prepared baking sheet. Brush each biscuit with 1 teaspoon of the garlic oil. Bake for 10 minutes, and then brush with the garlic oil again before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 14 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 5 cups biscuit mix, 2 cups lowfat 1percent milk, 12 cup reducedfat shredded Cheddar, 12 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese], title: The Sons Cheese Biscuits, picturelink: eJqs4k57Dh7pWO6VckoVsyvAtHf3vfW}, 21873: {instructions: Toast the pecans in a medium skillet over medium heat, stirring, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board let cool, then coarsely chop.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Toss the pecans and cornflakes in a large bowl.nMake the caramel: Bring the butter, cane syrup, heavy cream and salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the mixture pulls away from the sides of the pan and comes together into a loose ball, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Once the caramel stops bubbling, stir in the semisweet chocolate until melted.nPour the chocolate caramel over the cornflake mixture and toss to coat. Scoop heaping tablespoonfuls of the mixture onto the prepared baking sheets and pack into compact mounds with your fingers. Let set, about 1 hour.nPut the white chocolate in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until melted. Drizzle over the cookies and let set, about 1 more hour.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [12 cup pecans, 2 cups cornflakes, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup pure cane syrup such as Steens or 2 tablespoons each molasses and light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, Pinch of salt, 1 ounce semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 ounce white chocolate, chopped], title: NoBake CornflakeChocolate Pralines, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 21874: {instructions: To make the cake, begin with a serrated knife and level the bigger end of the cake. This will be the bottom. Slice off top inch of cake. Carefully set aside do not break. Scoop out a trench in the cake for the filling. Set aside.nIn a bowl, combine lemon curd and 1 cup of whipped topping. Stir gently to combine, being careful not to overstir. Fill center of cake with filling and cover with the reserved top of the cake.nTo make the icing, place all icing ingredients in a bowl and stir to combine. Make sure that all lumps are dissolved. Drizzle icing over cake until completely covered in icing. Let set before serving.nCooks Notes:nPound cake ring can be decorated with a beautiful nosegay of roses or other edible flowers placed in the center hole. Alternatively, you can buy frozen pound cake loaf and layer lemon cream mixture between slices. Top with more lemon cream and garnish with fresh berries., ingredients: [1 storebought pound cake ring, 1 10ounce jar lemon curd, 1 cup frozen whipped topping, thawed, 1 1pound box powdered sugar, 12 cup lemonade frozen concentrate, thawed, 1 tablespoon lemon flavored gelatin powder, 14 cup frozen whipped topping, thawed], title: Lemon Love Cake, picturelink: null}, 21875: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nScrape the corn off the cobs with a knife into a large foil roasting pan. Add the cream, butter, paprika, salt, pepper, garlic and sliced jalapenos, and mix it all together.nCover the pan with foil and bake until the casserole is golden on top and the corn is tender, 1 12 to 2 hours., ingredients: [24 ears corn, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 sticks 16 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 4 jalapenos, sliced very thin], title: Slow Cooked Jalapeno Corn, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 21876: {instructions: Put the dates, cumin, bourbon if using, garlic, sugar, rice wine vinegar, chile flakes, salt, guajillo peppers and 2 cups water in a medium pot, place over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to simmer and cook until the dates are soft, another 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature, about 10 minutes.nScrape the cooled mixture into a blender and blend on low speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Use immediately, or let the mixture cool completely and refrigerate. The mixture should be good for 1 to 2 weeks., ingredients: [12 cup diced dried dates, 14 cup cumin powder, 14 cup bourbon, optional, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons seasoned rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 diced dried guajillo peppers with seeds], title: Date Bourbon BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 21877: {instructions: For the salsa: Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a medium saute pan over high heat until almost smoking and saute the tomatillos 3 minutes. Place the tomatillos in a food processor, add the parsley, basil, tarragon and water and puree.nPlace the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and the garlic in a medium saute pan over low heat and cook the garlic until cooked through. Raise the heat to medium, add the wine, and reduce the mixture to almost dry, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the clam juice and reduce by fourfifths.nAdd the lemon juice and season to taste with salt and pepper. Add the butter and the tomatilloherb puree, taste, and reseason if necessary. The salsa should be full flavored.nFor the relish: Combine the tomatoes, onion, parsley, red pepper flakes, vinegar, and oil in a mixing bowl and season to taste with salt and pepper.nFor the lobster: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Kill the lobsters by inserting a sharp knife into the cross mark on the top shell between the heat and the body. Pull or cut off the claws. Pull or cut off the tails and cut in half lengthwise. Discard the bodies.nHeat the olive oil in a large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat until smoking. Season the lobster pieces to taste with salt and pepper and sear 3 minutes. Pour off excess oil. Add the salsa verde and potatoes to the pan and season to taste with salt and pepper. Place the pan in the oven and roast until the lobster is cooked through, 15 minutes. Reseason if necessary. Arrange the lobsters on a platter with the potatoes and sauce and spoon the relish over them., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 3 tomatillos, papery skins removed and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped basil, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped tarragon, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 cup white wine, 4 cups clam juice, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 medium ripe tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely diced Spanish onion, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup pure olive oil, Salt and pepper, 8 live lobsters, 1 12 pounds each, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 16 new potatoes, roasted and halved], title: Lobster Pan Roast with Salsa Verde and Spicy Tomato Relish, picturelink: null}, 21878: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the turkey wings into a small roasting pan and roast them until they are golden brown, about 30 minutes. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large stock pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrots, garlic, herbs, and peppercorns and cook for 5 minutes. Add the turkey wings. Pour some water into the roasting pan and scrape up all the browned bits on the bottom add this to the pot. Cover everything in the pot with cold water by 1inch and bring to the boil, skimming any foam that rises to the surface. Reduce the heat and simmer for about 1 12 to 2 hours. Strain out the solids and discard. Wipe out the pot and put it over medium heat. Melt the butter with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and add the flour. Cook this roux, stirring frequently, until it is golden brown. Slowly whisk in the strained stock being careful to work out any lumps. Cook until the gravy has thickened, about 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds turkey wings, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, halved, 4 carrots, chopped, 1 head garlic, smashed, 12 bunch fresh sage, 12 bunch fresh thyme, 8 black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Gravy, picturelink: 288NbA8XEpbHpg972aVACVcrJPX.xP6}, 21879: {instructions: Put the onions garlic and green chilies into an electric blender. Add 4 to 5 tablespoons of water and blend until you have a smooth paste. Set aside. Combine the curry powder, anchoor masala, and cumin in a small bowl. Add 4 tablespoons of water, mix, and set aside. Heat the oil in a large, nonstick frying pan over high heat. When hot, put in the paste from the blender. Stir and fry for 8 minutes, or until it has browned a bit. Turn the heat to medium and put in the curry powder paste. Stir for 1 minute and put in the mango pieces. Stir once or twice to mix. Now put in 1 12 cups of hot water, the sugar, and salt and bring to a simmer. Stir now and then and simmer gently, uncovered, for 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 medium onion, peeled and chopped, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and chopped, 3 to 4 fresh hot chiles, chopped, 4 teaspoons curry powder, 2 teaspoons amchoor masala, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 cup peanut or canola oil, 3 halfripe mangoes about 1 pound each, peeled, the flesh taken off the stone and cut into 34inch squares, 5 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt], title: Trinidadian Mango Curry, picturelink: null}, 21880: {instructions: In a medium bowl, gently whisk the almond milk, yogurt, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, the vanilla and 18 teaspoon salt until just blended. Whisk in the chia seeds let stand 30 minutes. Stir to distribute the seeds if they have settled. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, in a medium bowl, toss the berries with the remaining 4 teaspoons maple syrup. Mix in the almonds.nSpoon the pudding into 4 bowls or glasses mound the berry mixture on top and serve.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 cup vanillaflavored unsweetened almond milk, 1 cup plain lowfat 2 percent Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup preferably grade B, plus 4 teaspoons for serving, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 14 cup chia seeds, 1 pint strawberries, hulled and chopped, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted], title: Chia Seed Pudding, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 21881: {instructions: In a large pot, boil the crawfish in clean water at 215 degrees F for 5 minutes. Toss the crawfish with Cajun Claws special seasoning or any Creole seasoning before serving., ingredients: [5 pounds live crawfish, 5 tablespoons Creole seasoning], title: Boiled Crawfish, picturelink: yjN9O5FA6JQQqt3qpAQxHHSr25r38ii}, 21882: {instructions: Place carrots, water, butter and sugar in a 2quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a simmer. Cover and cook for 12 to 15 minutes or until carrots are tender. Season with nutmeg, salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [4 cups carrots, sliced on a bias 18inch thick use a mandolin if available, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, Nutmeg, salt and pepper to taste], title: Carrots Vichy, picturelink: null}, 21883: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed pot, heat the butter or oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and saute until fragrant and translucent. Add the garlic and saute until golden brown.nAdd the winter squash, zucchini, sweet potato, orzo, canned tomatoes, thyme, rosemary, and broth. Simmer until the vegetables are soft and cooked through, about 30 minutes.nSeason the soup with salt, and black pepper, to taste. Serve with sliced crusty bread., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter or olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 medium winter squash, peeled and diced, 1 medium zucchini, diced, 1 medium sweet potato, peeled and diced, 12 cup orzo, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Rustic Fall Vegetable Soup, picturelink: 0i2R4bxhsAq.MyCVhK2UemyM88Rn5Hi}, 21884: {instructions: Pour in the beer add butter and onions into slow cooker and turn on to high.nHeat a grill pan or heavy skillet to medium high and grill or sear the brats on all sides.nPlace your Johnsonville Brats into the slow cooker and heat until the brats are cooked through, about 2 hours. Brats are fully cooked when the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F.nReduce heat to low to keep the brats in the slow cooker hot throughout the game.nWhen folks are ready for seconds or thirds  or even when stragglers show up late grab a Johnsonville Brat out of this indoor hot tub and enjoy, ingredients: [1 large slow cooker, 34 can 12 oz. each beer depending on the size of your slow cooker, 2 tablespoon butter, 1 medium yellow or white onion, sliced into rings, 1 package Johnsonvilleu00ae Original Brats 19 oz. tray], title: Johnsonville Brat Crock, picturelink: Hl68PNmEctr4ur5RMGt0stWMpxQ9Ba}, 21885: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 lollipop molds and lollipop sticks available at kitchen specialty and craft storesnArrange the lollipop sticks in the lollipop molds and place on a baking sheet. Set aside.nCombine the sugar, water, and cream of tartar in a heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Increase the heat to high and, without stirring, cook until the sugar is amber or until a candy thermometer reads between 300 to 310 degrees F hardball stage, about 10 minutes see Cooks Note. Promptly remove the saucepan from the heat. Carefully stir in the flavored extract.nWork quickly, drop 1 teaspoon of the hot mixture into each lollipop mold. Reheat the mixture briefly over low heat if it starts to thicken. Let the lollipops cool for at least 15 minutes. Remove from molds and store in airtight containers or wrap individually., ingredients: [36 lollipop sticks, 2 cups sugar, 23 cup water, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 teaspoon flavored extract, optional], title: Lollipops, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 21886: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash and drain the beans. Put 1 cup water in a medium saucepan. Add the beans and cook until tender but still very crisp, about 6 minutes.nDrain the beans and add the butter, tossing to coat as it melts. Season with salt., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh green beans, tips removed, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, Salt], title: Fresh Green Beans a.k.a Tom Cruise Green Beans, picturelink: aoFOeFINAVAVZSWsdiYunmUyL5JPlS}, 21887: {instructions: Preheat a broiler.nBroil the peppers until the skin has blistered and peppers are cooked through, 7 to 9 minutes. Place in a paper or plastic bag and seal immediately. Let stand for 15 minutes, or until cool enough to handle, this will make them easier to peel. Peel peppers, discard skins.nPlace the peeled peppers in a sterilized, heatproof jar with a sterilized, tight fitting lid. In a medium, nonreactive saucepan, bring the vinegar, sugar, water, and pickling spices to a boil. Pour hot mixture over peppers. Place lid on jar and let stand at room temperature for 2 days., ingredients: [3 to 4 red peppers, quartered and seeded, 1 cup white distilled vinegar, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup water, 12 teaspoon pickling spices], title: Sweet Pickled Roasted Peppers, picturelink: null}, 21888: {instructions: FOR THE VEAL: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Trim meat and tie as for roasting. Season with 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon white pepper. Heat oil in a Dutch oven and brown the meat on all sides. Place in oven for 30 to 40 minutes 150 degrees on a meat thermometer. Rest meat on rack until cool. Slice meat 14 inch thick and set aside.nFOR THE COATING: Combine onion and bay leaves in a sachet. Add into saucepan with milk. Bring to a boil and let cool for 5 minutes. After cooled, remove the sachet. In another pan, melt butter over medium heat, sprinkle flour in the pan and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly to form a roux. Add milk mixture slowly to roux with a wooden spoon. Next, add beef stock slowly. Cook for a few minutes until the mixture is well incorporated and coats the back of the spoon. Add cayenne, nutmeg, and remaining 1 teaspoon white pepper.nIt is very important not to stop stirring until you are ready to incorporate the seasonings.nCOATING: Grease large tray with 5 tablespoons olive oil and set aside. Using two forks, dip one slice of meat in milk mixture and cover completely. Place carefully on tray. Repeat with rest of meat. Refrigerate for one hour. Next, prepare three separate trays: one with flour, one with beaten eggs, and one with bread crumbs. Dip each slice consecutively into flour, egg, and breadcrumbs. Set aside.nTO COOK: In a pan, heat oil to a medium heat. Place coated veal slices in pan carefully as not to splash. Cook slowly to avoid burning. Once brown, turn to the other side and cook same way. Approx. one minute on each side. Serve with tomato concass, potatoes, or a simple green salad. Garnish with a wedge of lemon and sprig of parsley., ingredients: [2 pounds veal loin, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons white pepper, Olive oil for frying, 1 small onion, cut in half, 2 bay leaves, 12 quart milk, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 12 cup beef stock, Pinch cayenne, Pinch nutmeg, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 2 eggs, 2 cups fresh bread crumbs, Lemon wedge and fresh parsley for garnish], title: Veal Domingo, picturelink: null}, 21889: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRinse the peaches and blot them dry with paper towels. Cut each peach in half and discard the pit. Then, cut each peach into quarters. Using a pointed chopstick or metal skewer, make a starter hole in the center of each peach quarter, working from the pit side to the skin side. Skewer 2 peach quarters on each cinnamon stick, placing a mint leaf between the 2 quarters.nCombine the butter, brown sugar, rum, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Let the glaze boil until thick and syrupy, about 5 minutes.nPrepare and preheat the grill to high. Brush and oil the grate. Next, place the skewered peaches on the hot grate and grill until nicely browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side, basting with the rum and butter glaze. Spoon any remaining glaze over the grilled peaches and serve at once. Peach or vanilla ice cream makes a great accompaniment., ingredients: [4 large ripe freestone peaches, Eight 3inch cinnamon sticks, 8 fresh mint leaves, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 14 cup dark rum, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, Peach or vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: CinnamonGrilled Peaches, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 21890: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: Saute sliced mushrooms in butter until caramelized. Add honey, soy, lemon juice, and vinegar. Add water and simmer slowly for 30 minutes. Strain, pressing out all juice.nMake brown butter with salted butter. Place pan in ice water to stop cooking. Whisk into mushroom broth.nCook fingerling potato, peel and cut into thirds. Set aside.nCut fish with skin into 3 pieces. Season with salt and pepper. Dip in cream, then spice mixture, then flour. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a saucepan and saute until crisp.nHeat vinaigrette with potatoes, fava beans, and onions. Add tomatoes and herbs last. Pour into bowl and add fish.nToast hazelnuts, almonds, coriander, sesame seeds, and peppercorns in a hot pan and grind., ingredients: [7 ounces sliced mushrooms, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon soy, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar, 34 cup water, 3 12 ounces salted butter, 1 fingerling potato, 1 6ounce sea bass fillet, skin on, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup cream, Spice mixture, recipe follows, 12 cup flour, Fava beans, blanched, 2 white pearl onions, blanched and peeled, 2 red pearl onions, blanched and peeled, 2 yellow pear tomatoes, halved, 2 red baby tomatoes, 2 orange baby tomatoes, halved, 2 Sweet 100 tomatoes, halved, 1 teaspoon chopped oregano, 1 teaspoon chopped tarragon, 2 hazelnuts, 2 almonds, 1 tablespoon coriander, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 12 tablespoon black peppercorns], title: Black Sea Bass Crusted with Spices, Tomato, and Vegetable Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 21891: {instructions: Cut corn kernels off cob and place kernels in a large mixing bowl. Add edamame, blackeyed peas, red onion, celery, and butter or oil. Toss until combined. Add balsamic vinaigrette and minced garlic, mix well. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nMix red leaf lettuce with baby spinach and line a serving bowl or platter with lettuce and spoon salad over the bed of lettuce. Arrange sliced plum tomatoes around the edge of the dish, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [4 ears grilled corn, 1 pound edamame, cooked and shelled, 2 12 cups cooked blackeyed peas if using canned, be sure to drain, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 4 stalks celery, finely chopped, 4 tablespoons melted butter or 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups balsamic vinaigrette, or as needed, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large head red leaf lettuce, torn into bite size pieces, 1 12ounce bag baby spinach, Sliced plum tomatoes, for garnish], title: Grilled Corn, Edamame, and Blackeyed Pea Salad, picturelink: null}, 21892: {instructions: For the Melba Sauce: In a blender puree raspberries. Strain out the seeds through a fine sieve. In a small saucepan heat the raspberry puree with the red currant jelly until it comes to a boil. Add the sugar and the cornstarch slurry and cook until the mixture is slightly thickened and clear. Yield: approximately 1 cupnPlace salmon in an oven safe pan. Immerse the salmon in lemon water. Place in a preheated 450 degree oven. Cook for about 10 minutes.nPlace Brie on top of the salmon and return to the oven.nCombine the cream and Melba Sauce in a saucepan and heat over a medium flame. Drizzle sauce over the melted Brie and salmon, then serve., ingredients: [12 cup Melba sauce:, 1 pint raspberries, 14 cup red currant jelly, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, or to taste, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, mixed in 2 tablespoons water, 4 ounces fillet salmon, 1 cup lemon water, 2 ounces sliced Brie cheese, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Raspberry Salmon, picturelink: null}, 21893: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Stir together the beans, oregano and 1 cup cheese in a bowl. Add the chicken, season with pepper and stir until evenly combined.nStir the salsa together with 1 cup water in a bowl, then transfer 1 cup to cover the bottom of a 13 by9inch baking dish. Stack the tortillas, wrap them in damp paper towels and microwave until warm and pliable, about 15 seconds.nArrange the tortillas on a workspace, then divide the chicken filling among the tortillas about 14cup filling per tortilla. Roll the tortillas up like a cigar, then transfer them to the baking dish seamside down, positioning the rolls so that the dish is filled evenly. Press the rolls gently with your hands so they begin to soak the sauce up. Pour the remaining salsa mixture over the rolled tortillas, then sprinkle with the remaining 2 cups cheese.nBake the enchiladas until the cheese melts and the enchiladas are hot in the center, about 30 minutes. Serve hot with sour cream and pickled jalapenos., ingredients: [One 15ounce can refried beans about 1 cup, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 ounces 3 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 12 rotisserie chicken, meat shredded about 2 14 cups, bones and skin discarded, Freshly ground black pepper, One 16ounce jar mediumspicy tomato salsa, Twelve 6inch corn tortillas, Sour cream and pickled jalapenos, for serving], title: Shortcut Chicken Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 21894: {instructions: Trim both types of beets and wrap 2 per packet in foil with a pinch of salt in each. Trim and soak turnips. If greens are nice, remove stems and rinse until clean, then spin dry. Mix with spinach and set aside. Rinse new potatoes and quarter. Toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil and 12 tablespoon of thyme and salt and pepper. Roast potatoes in a pan large enough for all the vegetables except greens at 500 degrees for 7 minutes. Toss turnips with 1 tablespoon olive oil, and salt and pepper and add to potatoes. Cook 7 minutes. Peel and trim beets and add them to potatoes with remaining thyme. Cook 3 to 4 minutes. Keep warm.nSaute spinach with 5 tablespoons oil, salt and pepper. Keep warm.nSeason fillets with salt and pepper and dip in Wondra flour. Saute fillets at mediumhigh heat in remaining 2 tablespoons oil. When edges begin to brown, add about 12 tablespoon of butter. When deep golden brown about 5 minutes, turn over using a long spatula so as not to break fillets. Saute 2 minutes more and remove. Working quickly, deglaze the pan. Add the remaining butter in 4 to 5 pieces all at once, allowing butter to foam and lightly brown. Add lemon juice, demiglace, lemon segments, toasted bread pieces, parsley, and capers, in this order. Taste sauce for seasoning.nArrange vegetables around top of plate and greens in center of plate. Drape skate on greens and top with sauce, ingredients: [8 small red beets with tops, 8 small golden beets with tops, Salt, 8 small white turnips with tops, 2 pounds spinach, cleaned, stems removed can use 1 pound if beet and turnip greens are in good quality, 8 new potatoes, 12 cup olive oil, divided plus 2 tablespoons, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, roughly chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 large skate wings, skinned and filleted, 2 cups Wondra flour, 14 pound unsalted butter, 3 lemons, 1 segmented and 2 juiced, 34 cup demiglace chicken or veal, 4 slices white bread not Wonder, cut into 12inch cubes and toasted, 2 tablespoons flatleafed parsley, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons capers nonpareil, drained], title: Seared Skate with Baby Root Vegetables and Sauce Grenobloise, picturelink: null}, 21895: {instructions: Place the salt and water into a 4quart container and stir until the salt has dissolved, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the trout filets, making sure they are submerged. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nCombine water, vinegar, sugar, cloves, allspice, peppercorns, bay leaves, and red pepper flake in a 2quart saucepan set over medium high heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid comes to a boil, approximately 5 minutes. Cool to room temperature and then refrigerate overnight.nRemove the trout from the brine and rinse thoroughly under cold running water for 1 minute. Submerge the filets in clean cold water and refrigerate for 1 hour.nDrain and rinse the filets. Pat dry. Lay the filets in a single layer, skin side down and brush each with mustard. Place a cornichon or a pickled onion on the filet. Roll up each filet and secure with 1 or 2 toothpicks. Alternate layers of rollmops and julienned onion in a glass jar or ceramic crock.nPour on the chilled pickling mixture, cover and refrigerate for at least 5 hours and up to 2 days. Drain and serve chilled with crusty bread., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 1 quart water, 1 pound trout filets from small, 6 to 8 ounce whole fish, scaled, skin on, and cut into 16 to 20 4 to 6inches long by 1inch wide pieces, 2 cups water, 2 cups cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 8 whole cloves, 8 whole allspice berries, 6 whole black peppercorns, 4 dried bay leaves, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 16 to 20 cornichon andor pickled onion, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 medium onion, julienned], title: Rollmops, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 21896: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F and arrange a rack in the lower third.nCombine 1 tablespoon of the oil, garlic, 1 tablespoon salt, rosemary, and 2 teaspoons pepper in a bowl and mix to combine. Rub the mixture all over the roast and set aside at room temperature for 1 hour. Can be done up to 12 hours ahead. Store covered in the refrigerator and bring to room temperature while oven heats.nOverlap the prosciutto on the meaty side of the roast and secure in place with kitchen string, tie the roast by running the string parallel to the bones. Arrange the roast in a large roasting rack, bone side down. Roast until the meat is nicely browned, about 25 minutes.nPut the figs and shallots in a bowl and add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, vinegar and honey. Season well with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to coat. Add the fig mixture to the roasting pan, reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F, and roast for another 1 hour and 10 minutes. Baste the vegetables occasionally, until the internal temperature registers 115 to 120 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Be sure the thermometer is exactly in the center of the roast.nRemove the roast from the oven and transfer it to a cutting board. Cover it tightly with aluminum foil and allow the meat to rest for 20 to 30 minutes. Remove kitchen string, carve, and transfer to a serving platter. Serve with the figs and onions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 tablespoon rosemary leaves, roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 3 to 4rib standing rib roast about 7 to 8 pounds, 8 to 12 pieces prosciutto, 15 fresh figs, halved, 8 shallots, peeled, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Prosciutto Standing Rib Roast with Figs, picturelink: fjbiPAE0Kn.OKY5QSVVWQ0OlMUDlcdG}, 21897: {instructions: Cut the orange, lime and grapefruit slices into quarter wheels and put in a large pitcher. Add the white wine, grapes, cranberries, seltzer, triple sec and sugar to the pitcher and stir. Let the sangria sit in the fridge for 5 hours. Serve over ice., ingredients: [1 orange, sliced, 1 lime, sliced, 1 grapefruit, sliced, 3 cups white wine, 1 cup green grapes, 1 cup frozen cranberries, 1 cup seltzer, 34 cup triple sec, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Boxed White Wine Sangria, picturelink: p.KGeIo6JHCYbwFxBTNiFZ1xeh0g6i}, 21898: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry cutter and small round cutternPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nSift the flour and salt together into a bowl Add the lard and cut together with a pastry cutter. Use a fork to stir in the buttermilk gently. Gently knead the dough a few times, adding more flour if you need to.nRoll out the dough and cut out biscuits with a small round cutter. Place on baking sheets and bake for 10 minutes. Brush with butter when you remove them from the oven.nServe with slices of Christmas ham., ingredients: [6 cups selfrising flour, sifted, plus more if needed, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 cup lard, shortening or a mix of butter and shortening, 3 cups buttermilk, Melted butter, for brushing biscuit tops], title: Quick and Easy Mini Biscuits, picturelink: YDCuiNXp.7Ioh33seRqjVXOXbt70kly}, 21899: {instructions: COMBINE 2 cups flour, sugar, salt and yeast mix well. Heat water and oil in small saucepan until very warm 120 degrees to 130 degrees F. Add warm liquid to flour mixture blend at low speed until moistened. Beat 3 minutes at medium speed. By hand, stir in additional 2 12 to 3 cups flour until dough pulls cleanly away from sides of bowl.nKNEAD in 12 to 1 cup flour on floured surface until dough is smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Spray a large bowl with nostick cooking spray. Place dough in prepared bowl cover loosely with greased plastic wrap and cloth towel. Let rise in warm place 80 degrees to 85 degrees F until light and doubled in size, 45 to 60 minutes.nSPRAY two 8 x 4 or 9 x 5inch loaf pans with nostick cooking spray. Punch down dough several times to remove all air bubbles. Divide dough in half shape into loaves. Place in prepared pans. Cover let rise in warm place until dough fills pans and tops of loaves are about 1 inch above pan edges, 30 to 35 minutes.nHEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Uncover dough. Bake 40 to 45 minutes or until loaves sound hollow when lightly tapped. Immediately remove from pans. Place on wire racks. Brush with melted butter. Let cool.nVARIATIONS:nBREADSTICKS: After first rise time, punch down dough. Divide dough in half. Cut each half into 32 pieces shape each into 8inch long breadstick. Place on greased cookie sheets. Brush with beaten egg white sprinkle with sesame seed. Cover let rise in warm place about 30 minutes or until doubled in size. Bake at 400degreesF for about 14 minutes. Yield: 64 breadsticksnBUTTERTOPPED MINILOAVES: After first rise time, punch down dough. Divide dough into 12 equal pieces. Shape each piece into a 7inch oblong loaf taper ends. Place loaves 3 inches apart on greased cookie sheets. Cover let rise in warm place until doubled in size, about 45 minutes. Make 14inchdeep slit down center of each loaf. Drizzle each with 1 teaspoon melted butter. If desired, sprinkle with sesame seed or poppy seed. Bake at 375 degrees F for 20 to 25 minutes or until loaves sound hollow when lightly tapped. Yield: 12 miniloavesnCINNAMON SWIRL BREAD: After first rise time, punch down dough. Divide dough in half. Shape each half into 14 x 7inch rectangle. Brush with melted butter. Sprinkle each with mixture of 14 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon. Starting with 7inch side, roll up. Seal edges place seam side down in greased loaf pans. Let rise and bake as directed above.nHAMBURGER BUNS: After first rise time, punch down dough. Divide dough in half shape each half into eight 2inch balls. If desired, flatten slightly. Place on greased cookie sheets. Cover let rise in warm place about 30 minutes. Bake at 400degreesF for about 15 minutes. Yield: 16 bunsnRAISIN BREAD: Add 12 teaspoon cinnamon with the salt and stir in 1 cup raisins after beating step. Continue as directed above.nHigh Altitude above 3500 ft.:nNo change., ingredients: [5 to 6 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 3 tbsps. sugar, 2 tsps. salt, 2 pkgs. active dry yeast, 2 cups water, 14 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil or 14 cup Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening, 1 tbsp. butter, melted], title: Delicious White Bread, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}}