{22200: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, oats, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. In a separate large bowl using an electric mixer, cream together the brown sugar and butter, mixing until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. In a blender or food processor, pulse the raisins, vanilla extract and eggs until no large chunks remain. Fold the raisin mixture into the creamed butter and sugar until fully combined. Slowly mix the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and mix well.nScoop 2 tablespoons of dough per cookie and portion on the prepared baking sheets, spacing them 2 inches apart. Bake in batches if necessary. Bake just until the edges start to brown, 12 to 14 minutes dont overbake the cookies may look slightly underdone when removing from the oven. Let the cookies cool on the baking sheets for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to fully cool.nThe cookies will keep in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups oldfashioned oats, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups packed light brown sugar, 2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup raisins, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs], title: Chewy Oatmeal Raisin Cookies, picturelink: null}, 22201: {instructions: Make the Lyonnaise Garnish: Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and cook, tossing, for 10 minutes. Add the onions, season with salt and pepper, and cook until the onions are translucent and the potatoes are tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Pour in the vinegar and cook until it has reduced to a glaze.nMake the Seared Cod: Heat the olive oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the fillets with salt and pepper and slip them into the pan, skin side down, along with the garlic and thyme. Sear the fillets for 3 minutes, turn them over and cook for 3 minutes more. Reduce the heat to medium, add the butter and cook another 3 minutes, or until the fish is opaque, moist and lightly firm when pressed.nSpoon the Lyonnaise garnish onto a serving platter, top with the seared cod, and sprinkle with parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and diced into 12inch cubes, 1 12 pounds sweet onions, diced into 12inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 recipe Seared Cod, recipe follows, 6 sprigs flatleaf parsley, leaves finely chopped, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 6ounce centercut cod fillets, skin left on, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, lightly crushed, 4 sprigs thyme, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Cod Lyonnaise, picturelink: null}, 22202: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the tequila, lime juice, orange juice, lemon juice, chili powder, jalapeu00f1o pepper, garlic, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Add the chicken breasts. Refrigerate overnight.nHeat a grill with coals and brush the rack with oil to prevent the chicken from sticking. Remove the chicken breasts from the marinade, sprinkle well with salt and pepper, and grill them skinside down for about 5 minutes, until nicely browned. Turn the chicken and cook for another 10 minutes, until just cooked through. Remove from the grill to a plate. Cover tightly with aluminum foil and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup gold tequila, 1 12 cups freshly squeezed lime juice 8 limes, 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice 4 oranges, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons seeded and minced jalapeno pepper 2 peppers, 2 tablespoons minced garlic 6 cloves, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 3 whole 12 split boneless chicken breasts, skin on, Olive oil, for brushing the grill], title: Tequila Citrus Chicken, picturelink: W10G7GYCXvAfZu1gNekxCdPej4fcSa}, 22203: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in your grill, or heat a castiron grill pan over medium heat.nRoll the pizza dough into 8 small pizzas, each about 18inch thick and 3 inches round.nLightly brush both sides of the pizzas with oil. Grill the pizzas over medium heat until the first side is nicely browned and firm to the touch, 3 to 5 minutes. Turn the pizzas over on the grill. Spoon about 2 teaspoons of pesto on each pizza, spreading it to the edges. On top of each pizza, spoon 4 teaspoons of ricotta cheese, in little balls. Cook the pizzas until the ricotta just begins to melt, 3 to 5 minutes from the moment you turned the pizzas. Sprinkle Parmesan over the top of each pizza. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 ounces pizza dough, Flour, for rolling surface, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup basil pesto, 2 cups ricotta cheese, preferably whole milk, 4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Pizza with Ricotta and Pesto, picturelink: null}, 22204: {instructions: Seed cucumber and peel jicama. Cut cucumber, jicama, and carrots into 1 12inchlong thin strips. Toss vegetables together with remaining ingredients and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 English cucumber, 1 12pound piece jicama, 4 medium carrots, 5 tablespoons lime juice, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro sprigs, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon pepper flakes], title: Jicama, Cucumber and Chile Slaw, picturelink: null}, 22205: {instructions: Put the onion, carrots, celery, thyme, parsley, chicken broth and water in a medium pot. Season with the salt and pepper to taste, and bring to a simmer over medium high heat. Simmer until the vegetables are almost tender, about 5 minutes.nAdd the noodles and cook until tender, 5 to 8 minutes depending upon the size of the noodles. Add the chicken, warm through, and then adjust the seasoning if necessary with salt and pepper. Serve garnished with parsley and dill leaves., ingredients: [12 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1 small carrot, thinly sliced, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs flatleaf parsley, 6 cups homemade or lowsodium canned chicken broth, 12 cup water, 4 teaspoons salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 pound egg noodles preferably wide ones, 114 cups shredded cooked chicken meat from about one breast, 1 tablespoon flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh dill fronds], title: Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 22206: {instructions: Check couscous package instructions to see how much boiling water you will need. Place couscous and currants in a large bowl. Pour boiling water over top, cover, and let stand for 5 minutes. Remove cover, add toasted almonds and parsley, and fluff with a fork until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups instant couscous, 14 cup currants, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 14 chopped flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Couscous with Currants, Almonds, and Parsley, picturelink: UoQ9GLIkntcmLMaC9IRM7yI7VhC1msK}, 22207: {instructions: Place the olive oil, shallots, celery, and prosciutto in a 12 to 14inch, deepsided frying pan, and place over medium heat. Cook until soft but not brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the rice and stir over medium heat for 2 minutes, until rice becomes almost opaque. Add the chicken stock to cover rice and turn heat up to high. As level of stock dips below level of rice, continue to add stock, 1 ladle at a time, to keep rice covered. Stir the rice constantly during this procedure.nTaste the rice after 15 minutes: it should still be hard. Add the peas and continue cooking, until the rice is soft and creamy yet still al dente. Rice should still be quite wet, but not swimming. Remove from heat and stir in butter and cheese. Adjust for seasoning and serve immediately.nIn a large, heavybottomed saucepan, heat the oil over high heat until smoking. Add all the chicken parts and brown all over, stirring to avoid burning. Remove the chicken and reserve. Add the carrots, onions, and celery to the pot and cook until soft and browned. Return the chicken to the pot and add 6 quarts of water, the tomato paste, peppercorns, and parsley. Stir with a wooden spoon to dislodge the browned chicken and vegetables bits from the bottom of the pan. Bring almost to a boil, then reduce heat and cook at a low simmer until reduced by half, about 2 hours, occasionally skimming excess fat. Remove from heat, strain, and press on the solids with the bottom of a ladle to extract out all liquids. Stir the stock to facilitate cooling and set aside. Refrigerate stock in small containers for up to a week or freeze for up to a month.nYield: 3 quarts, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 shallots, finely chopped, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 2 ounces prosciutto di San Daniele, chopped into 18inch dice, 1 12 cups arborio rice Vialone Nano brand preferred, 3 quarts strained warm chicken stock, recipe follows, 2 pounds fresh peas, shelled to yield 1 12 cups, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 7 pounds chicken wings, backs, and bones, 6 carrots, coarsely chopped, 4 onions, coarsely chopped, 8 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 4 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 2 bunches parsley stems], title: Rice and Peas: Risi e Bisi, picturelink: 9mOQLpmhVgnLPPtNUQ4xgWWvG8lUFJq}, 22208: {instructions: Wrap monkfish with bacon, overlapping bacon so there are no open spaces. Sear on stove until crispy then roast in a perheated 400 degree F oven for about 10 minutes. For the vinaigrette: mix all ingredients and whip very well.nFor the lobster sauce: reduce wines until syrupy. Add lobster stock and simmer for 1 hour. Blend roux into sauce. Add cream.nToss greens with 4 ounces of vinaigrette. Serve monkfish with greens, lobster and sauce., ingredients: [4 monkfish loins, 6 to 7 ounces each, 12 pound veal bacon, 1 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 12 cup virgin olive oil, 1 pinch salt, 1 pinch white pepper, 12 pound mixed greens, 4 ounces citrus vinaigrette, 1 lobster, 2 pounds, steamed, shell removed, 1 cup white wine, 12 cup cognac, 12 cup sherry wine, 1 quart lobster stock, 2 tablespoons roux, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Veal Bacon Wrapped Monkfish, picturelink: null}, 22209: {instructions: In a cast iron Dutch oven, over mediumhigh heat, add the bacon and cook until just crisp. Remove from the pot and set aside on a paper towel lined plate. Season the pork and the chicken with salt and pepper. Add the pork pieces to the bacon fat and brown on all sides. Remove from pot and set aside on a large plate. Add the chicken thighs to the pan and brown evenly, then remove and add to the plate with the pork.nAdd the cipollini onions, carrots and celery into the pot and cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Whisk in the flour and cook for 2 minutes, then add in the stock, bay leaves, thyme and sage and combine well.nPut the pork and chicken pieces into the sauce and cover. Reduce the heat and simmer until the meat is fork tender, about 2 hours. Add in the cannellini beans and cover and simmer for 25 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve hot with a drizzle of the sherry wine vinegar and a sprinkle of the parsley., ingredients: [14 pound thick cut bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 pounds pork butt, cut into 2inch by 3inch pieces, 4 bonein chicken thighs, skin discarded, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup peeled and quartered cipollini onions, 1 cup 14inch diced carrots, 12 cup 14inch diced celery, 14 cup roughly chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 4 15ounce cans cannellini beans, drained, 14 cup sherry wine vinegar, for garnish, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley leaves, for garnish], title: PorkOulet, picturelink: null}, 22210: {instructions: Combine the first 3 ingredients. Add the prawns and marinate for about 35 to 40 minutes.nGrill prawns until just pink. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Lemon pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 2 tablespoons mustard, 2 pounds prawns], title: Grilled Prawns, picturelink: 76Eov.l5CPVGXPr84SNw.MyFem3j9cK}, 22211: {instructions: Combine the chicken and Buffalo wing sauce in a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Spray a grill rack with cooking spray and preheat the grill to medium high. Thread the chicken, celery and tomatoes onto skewers. Grill, covered, until the chicken is cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Serve with blue cheese dressing. Photograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound chicken tenders, cut into 1inch cubes, 13 cup Buffalo wing sauce, Cooking spray, About 30 bitesize pieces celery about 5 stalks, About 30 grape tomatoes, Blue cheese dressing, for serving], title: Buffalo Chicken Skewers, picturelink: ZEbq2hHmVxlpCzr4qzcoC5r1lCkvatS}, 22212: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh.nTo make White Gazpacho Mayonnaise, in the bowl of a food processor combine almonds, grapes, garlic, sherry vinegar, and olive oil puree. Add mayonnaise and pulse until well combined. Refrigerate until serving.nTo make the Madeira mushrooms, heat olive oil in a large fireproof nonstick skillet on the grill over mediumhigh heat. Add mushrooms to the skillet and cook for about 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add Madeira wine and continue to cook until most of the wine has evaporated. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Set aside.nTo make the patties, combine the beef, linguica sausage, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Handling the meat as little as possible to avoid compacting it, mix well. Divide the mixture into 6 equal portions and form into patties to fit the rolls.nBrush the grill rack with vegetable oil. Place the patties on the rack, cover, and cook, turning once, just until done, about 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare. During the last few minutes of cooking, top each burger with equal amounts of cheese and place the rolls, cut side down, on the outer edges of the rack to toast lightly.nTo assemble the burgers, spread a generous amount of White Gazpacho Mayonnaise on the cut side of the rolls. On each roll bottom, place a slice of tomato, a cheesetopped patty, and Madeira mushrooms. Add roll tops and serve., ingredients: [12 cup blanched almonds, 13 cup seedless white grapes, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons Spanish extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons Spanish extravirgin olive oil, 16 ounces crimini mushrooms, sliced, 14 cup Madeira wine, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds ground chuck, 12 pound linguica sausage Portuguese pork sausage, finely chopped if unavailable, substitute chorizo, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for brushing on the grill rack, 6 onion rolls, sliced in 12, 6 ounces Iberico cheese, grated, 6 slices tomato], title: Iberian Burger with Madeira Mushrooms and White Gazpacho Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 22213: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.n2. Rub four ramekins with 1 12 teaspoons of the olive oil. Crack 1 egg into each dish. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper.n3. In a medium skillet over medium heat, add another 1 12 teaspoons of the olive oil. Once the oil is hot, add the garlic, black olives, and mint save a little of the mint for garnish. Stir just until you smell the garlic but do not brown it. Add the harissa, tomatoes, and chicken stock. Cook for 2 minutes at just below a simmer.n4. Spoon the mixture evenly over the eggs. It is very important that you pour the sauce over the eggs right away while it is still hot, so that the egg whites cook before the yolks get hard. Scatter the feta evenly over the top. Place the ramekins on a baking sheet and tent with foil this will prevent the yolks from overcooking and bake for about 10 minutes, or until the eggs are cooked to your desired doneness. Remember, the eggs will continue to cook slightly due to the residual heat after they are removed from the oven.n5. While the eggs are baking, make sure the garbanzo beans are dry. Roughly chop.n6. In a separate medium nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining 1 12 tablespoons olive oil. Once the oil is hot, add the garbanzo beans. Fry until golden and crispy, about 4 minutes. Turn off the heat. Stir in the cumin seed and a pinch of salt. Transfer to a plate to cool.n7. Remove the ramekins from the oven and place each one on a plate lined with a damp napkin to prevent it from slipping. Divide the garbanzos over the top and garnish with a touch of the reserved sliced mint., ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons olive oil, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 cup black olives, pitted and roughly chopped, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, roughly sliced, 2 tablespoons harissa, 2 cups canned chopped tomatoes with their juices, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 cup Bushs Best garbanzo beans, rinsed and drained, 12 teaspoon cumin seed], title: HarissaBaked Eggs with Feta, Mint, and Black Olives, picturelink: null}, 22214: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Season the pork with salt and pepper and brush with 1 cup of the bbq sauce, place in a medium saucepan. Pour the stock over and bring to a simmer on top of the stove. Cover and place in the oven to braise for 1 hour, or until cooked through. Remove from the cooking liquid. Bring the cooking liquid to a boil on top of the stove and reduce by half. Preheat a grill pan until almost smoking. Add the pork, brush with the reserved bbq sauce and grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side or until a crust forms. Remove, let rest and slice on the bias into 14inch slices. Lay the tortillas on a flat surface. Place 1 tablespoon of each cheese over 1 side of each tortilla. Place a few slices of onion over the cheese, then 3 to 4 slices of potatoes. Add the sliced pork to the cooking liquid to moisten then place 3 to 4 slices of pork on top of the cheese, place a little more of the cheese on top of the pork, then some of the cilantro. Fold the tortilla over and press down slightly. Brush the tops of the tortillas with some of the oil and place on a lightly oiled baking sheet. Bake in a 350 degree oven until the tortillas are lightly golden brown and the cheese has melted, 5 to 7 minutes.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl. Let rest at room temperature for 30 minutes.nIn a blender, combine the peppers, onion, chipotle and lime juice and blend until smooth. With the blender running, add the olive oil in a thin stream until the sauce is emulsified. Season to taste.nIn a blender, combine the peppers, onion, chipotle and lime juice and blend until smooth. With the blender running, add the olive oil in a thin stream until the sauce is emulsified. Add the sugar and salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 pork loins, about 1 12 pounds each, Salt and pepper, 2 cups BBQ sauce, 3 cups chicken stock, 8 6inch white corn tortillas, 34 cup finely grated white cheddar cheese, 34 cup finely grated Monterey Jack cheese, 4 red bliss potatoes, roasted and sliced into 14inch thick slices, 12 red onion, finely sliced, 14 cup chopped cilantro, Canola oil, Smoked Red Pepper Sauce, recipe follows, Smoked Yellow Pepper Sauce, recipe follows, 6 tomatillos, coarsely chopped, 2 roasted red pepper, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 12 red onion, finely diced, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro, 2 red bell peppers, cold smoked, peeled and seeded, 14 medium red onion, coarsely chopped, 12 canned chipotle, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 34 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 yellow bell peppers, cold smoked, peeled and seeded, 12 canned chipotle, 14 medium red onion, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 34 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled White Corn Taco with Bbq Pork Loin, Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes and TomatilloRed Pepper Relish, picturelink: null}, 22215: {instructions: Soak the prunes in Armagnac overnight or perhaps use preserved prunes in Armagnac from a gourmet shop, which have even more flavor because theyll have macerated longer. Drain, pit and roughly chop, reserving the liquid.nMelt 3 tablespoons of the butter in a saute pan and add the apples until soft, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle over 2 to 3 tablespoons of the sugar and continue cooking to caramelize, about 10 minutes more. Pour on about a tablespoon of the reserved Armagnac, flambe, and boil until the flames die out and the liquid has disappeared. Remove from the heat and taste. Depending on your apples, the mixture may need more acidity. If it does, add a squirt of lemon to taste. Stir through the chopped prunes.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F190 degrees C. Set the ring part of an 8inch20 cm springform pan on a baking sheet.nPrepare the pastry: Melt the remaining butter in a small saucepan or microwave. Working with one phyllo sheet at a time, prepare as follows: lay one sheet of phyllo on a clean surface and cut into three strips crosswise not lengthwise. Brush one of the three strips with melted butter, sprinkle with a little sugar and a few drops of Armagnac. Lay another strip on top and repeat. Lay the final strip on top and brush with butter. Your single sheet of phyllo is now a threelayerthick strip. Lay it in the center of the ring mold so that it runs from the middle out, and up and over the edge of the ring, like the spoke of a wheel. Continue with the remaining strips, laying them in around the ring slightly overlapping so that there are no openings.nSpoon the prune and apple filling into the bottom of the mold. Fold the pastry strips up in over top, twisting somewhat as you go so that the top is a rustic landscape of papery peaks and valleys totally covering the top of the tart. Brush quite generously with butter and scatter over a scant handful of sugar. You may have some butter and sugar left over once youre done. If you do, use them for something else. The same goes for the Armagnac, of which you will have a lot left: use it in fruit salad or let a piece of pound cake drink it up...or serve it in tiny glasses with dessert.nRemove the springform ring, leaving the formed croustade on the baking sheet. Bake until the pastry is fully cooked and golden, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven, slide onto rack and cool. Serve with ice cream on the side or all on its own., ingredients: [4 baking apples, such as Granny Smith, peeled, cored and cut into cubes, 4 to 6 tablespoons sugar, Squeeze lemon, 6 to 8 sheets phyllo pastry, Ice cream, for serving, optional, 1 cup250 g8 ounces prunes, 13 cup75 ml Armagnac, 4 to 6 tablespoons butter], title: Prune and Apple Croustade, picturelink: null}, 22216: {instructions: In a large kettle on low simmer combine tomato paste, tomato sauce, kidney beans, garlic powder, onion powder, cumin, chili powder, parsley, oregano, pork and beans, salt, pepper, chili hot beans, chipotle powder, habenero powder, habaneros, jalapenos, New Mexico chiles, and dry pasta and bring to a simmer. While that is simmering, grill the steak, and brown the pork and beef in a large saute pan. Drain the meat, season to taste, and add to sauce. Add the beer and cook for 30 minutes. Serve with crackers and cheese.nServing suggestions: crackers and cheese., ingredients: [12 ounces tomato paste, 16 ounces tomato sauce, 1 24ounce can kidney beans, drained, 3 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons cumin, 12 cup chili powder, 2 tablespoons parsley, 2 teaspoons oregano, 1 24ounce can pork and beans, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 24ounce can chili hot beans, 1 tablespoon chipotle powder, 1 teaspoon habenero chile powder, 4 whole red habaneros, 6 jalapenos, 2 New Mexican chiles, 12 pound elbow macaroni or spaghetti, 1 pound steak, cut of choice, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 12 12ounce can or bottle of beer], title: Firehouse Chili, picturelink: null}, 22217: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo a large saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter. Stir in the brown sugar, and the apples and saute until they are tender, about 5 to 6 minutes. Drizzle in the maple syrup, lemon juice, cinnamon, ginger, and nutmeg. Continue cooking for 5 minutes more until the apples are completely softened. Remove them from the pan and allow them to cool while you prepare the dough.nRoll out both pieces of pie dough onto a floured surface. Cut out eight 6inch circles and lay them out onto a parchmentlined sheet tray. Put a heaping tablespoon of the apple pie filling into the center of each round Fold the circles in half and seal their edges with the tines of a fork.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough peanut oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and reserve.nFry the pies, 3 at a time, in the hot peanut oil until they are golden brown and crisp, about 3 minutes. Transfer the finished pies to a paper towellined sheet tray. Once they are cool, toss them in the cinnamon sugar and serve with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup light brown sugar, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and chopped, 2 Gala apples, peeled, cored and chopped, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, divided, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 box readymade pie crusts recommended: Pillsbury, Peanut oil, for frying, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, Vanilla ice cream, for topping], title: Neelys Fried Apple Pie A La Mode, picturelink: rLuSGc0XSwBU2pCMnW8QtgPHisHzg8i}, 22218: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Meanwhile, make the filling: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the meat and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and cinnamon and cook until the onion is soft, about 5 more minutes. Add the Worcestershire sauce and wine and cook until the wine starts to evaporate, about 2 more minutes. Add the tomato sauce, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper and bring to a simmer. Stir in the parsley and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 20 minutes. Stir in 1 tablespoon breadcrumbs and remove from the heat.nWhen the pasta is done, drain and return to the pot off the heat stir in the butter, then the beaten eggs and 1 cup cheese until the pasta is coated.nBrush the bottom and sides of a 9by13inch baking dish with olive oil. Spread half of the pasta in the dish, then top with the meat filling and the remaining pasta.nMake the bechamel: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over low heat. Whisk in the flour and cook, whisking, 1 minute. Do not let the flour brown. Whisk in the yogurt and 34 cup water and gently simmer, whisking, until slightly thickened, about 5 more minutes. Do not let the mixture boil. Remove from the heat and whisk in the eggs, nutmeg and 14 teaspoon salt.nPour the bechamel evenly over the pasta in the baking dish. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 cup cheese and 1 tablespoon breadcrumbs and bake until golden, 40 to 45 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound ziti, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 pound ground beef or lamb or a combination, 1 onion, chopped, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 15 ounce can tomato sauce, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups grated kefalotyri or parmesan cheese about 6 ounces, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups plain 2 percent Greek yogurt, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt], title: Pastitsio, picturelink: 2awdiPqBqbfhwp7gLHAb2PaikMMH02S}, 22219: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a large pot of lightly salted water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium. Cook, uncovered, until the potatoes are tender when pierced with a knife, 25 to 35 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. Cool completely. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, at least 4 hours and preferably overnight.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. In a very large 12inch nonstick skillet if the skillet handle isnt heatproof, wrap it in a double thickness of aluminum foil, heat the butter over medium heat. Add the leeks and cook until tender, stirring often, about 4 minutes. In a small bowl, mix the salt and pepper. Season the leeks with 14 teaspoon of the saltandpepper mixture. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside. The leeks can be prepared up to 1 day ahead, cooled, covered and refrigerated.nPeel the potatoes and shred on the largest holds of a box grater. In the skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of the goose fat over mediumhigh heat until very hot but not smoking. Spread half of the potatoes in the skillet in a layer. Season with 12 teaspoon of the saltandpepper mixture. Spread with the leeks, leaving a 1inch border around the edges. Top with the remaining potatoes, and season with the remaining 12 teaspoon salt and pepper.nCook until the edges of the pancake are golden brown, about 5 minutes. Hold a flat round skillet top, plate, or pizza pan on top of the skillet. Inver the skillet and the skillet top together so the pancake falls, upside down, onto the skillet top. If this seems too heavy to handle, slide the pancake carefully out of the skillet onto a plate. Place a second plate on top and invert. Return the skillet to the stove and heat the remaining tablespoons goose fat until very hot. Slide the pancake back into the skillet, browned side up. Cook until the underside is browned, 5 to 7 minutes.nBake for 10 minutes. Turn the pancake as before, and bake it until crisp, about 10 more minutes.nTransfer to a warm round platter and sprinkle with the chives, if desired. Serve hot, cut into wedges., ingredients: [6 large baking potatoes, such as russet or Idaho, scrubbed but unpeeled 3 pounds, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 medium leeks, chopped, white and pale green parts only, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly milled black pepper, 4 tablespoons rendered goose fat or vegetable oil, Chopped fresh chives, for garnish optional], title: Giant Potato and Leek Rosti, picturelink: null}, 22220: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nArrange the short ribs on a large sheet of foil. Sprinkle all over with 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper.nBring the New Mexico chiles, ancho chiles and 1 12 cups water to a simmer in a medium saucepan over high heat. Cover, reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the chiles are just tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a blender. Holding the top on firmly, blend until the chile puree is smooth.nHeat the oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the short ribs in batches and brown on all sides, 5 to 6 minutes per batch, transferring the short ribs to a bowl each time.nAdd the garlic and red onions to the drippings in the pot. Saute until the onions soften, about 5 minutes. Mix in the cumin and oregano. Add the chile puree from the blender, the broth, agave, and espresso stir to blend. Return the short ribs and any juices from the bowl to the pot stir to coat. Bring to a simmer. Cover and place the pot in the oven. Braise until the ribs are very tender, about 2 hours 30 minutes.nTilt the pot. Spoon off and discard any fat that rises to the surface and pools at the lower end. Using tongs, transfer the ribs and any loose bones to a rimmed baking sheet. Carefully cut the membrane off each piece of meat try to cut away only the membrane and not any meat. Discard the membranes and all bones. Cut the meat into small scant 12inch cubes. Return the meat to the sauce in the pot. Mix in the black beans. Season the chili with about 14 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. If desired, add the adobo sauce by teaspoonfuls to increase the spiciness. Transfer the chili to a large bowl. Sprinkle with the green onions.nSpoon the Creamy Corn Polenta into deep bowls. Ladle chili over. Sprinkle generously with chocolate. Serve with the garnishes.nBring the broth, 2 12 cups water, butter and 1 teaspoon salt to a boil in a heavy, large saucepan over high heat. Gradually whisk in the polenta. Continue to whisk until the polenta begins to thicken, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook until the polenta is very thick and tender, stirring often with a flatbottom spoon or heatproof rubber spatula to prevent sticking or burning, about 20 minutes. Blend the corn in a mini processor until a coarse puree forms. Stir the corn puree into the polenta. Season with more salt if desired., ingredients: [3 pounds meaty short ribs, with bone, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 2ounce package dried New Mexico chiles about 8, stemmed, seeded and cut or torn into pieces, 2 large dried ancho chiles, stemmed, seeded and cut or torn into pieces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 large cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large red onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon freshly ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano, 1 cup beef broth preferably organic, 2 tablespoons dark agave, 1 teaspoon instant espresso coffee, One 15 to 16ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, Adobo sauce, from can of chipotle chiles, optional, Chopped green onions, Creamy Corn Polenta, recipe follows, Coarsely grated bittersweet chocolate, such as Lindt, Garnishes, such as lime wedges, sour cream, chopped cooked bacon, chopped red andor green jalapenos, 2 12 cups lowsalt chicken broth preferably organic, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt, 1 cup polenta Italian cornmeal or regular cornmeal, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed], title: Short Rib Chili, picturelink: jTSa8URLaNdSnZaD8ebo1cgmv4k0DwO}, 22221: {instructions: For stuffed eggplant halves: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In food processor or meat grinder, combine liver, garlic, onion, and bread. Heat saute pan with clarified butter. Add meat mixture and eggplant pulp. Saute for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon this mixture into the eggplant halves and place in a casserole dish. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove from oven and brush with salad oil. Cool before cutting into sections and serving.nFor rice pilaf: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat butter in saute pan. Cook onions. Add rice and peppers and continue to saute. Add chicken stock. Season with salt, pepper, and herbs. Pour into a casserole dish and bake for 20 minutes. Once cool, adjust seasoning.nFor shrimp: Heat clarified butter in saute pan. Add shrimp and garlic. Cook, turning shrimp once, till done. Remove to bowl and sprinkle with white wine. Let cool. Season with salt and pepper.nFor Belgian endive: Blanch the endive in boiling water for one minute and add cucumber. Cook another 30 seconds. Drain and cool. Season with salt and pepper. Toss with oil and vinegar.nFor Spanish onions: Heat clarified butter in saute pan over low heat. Add onion slices. Cook for a few minutes on one side. Turn and cook on other side, adding shallots and scallions to pan. Season generously with salt and pepper. Remove all, including pan juices, to a bowl and cool.nFor cucumber: Combine vinegar, thyme, rosemary, bay leaf, and cream in a pan. Gradually bring to a boil. Turn down heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Chill. Blanch cucumber in boiling water for one minute. Slice. Place hot cucumber in bowl and cover with dressing. Chill.nFor mushrooms: Heat butter and lemon juice in a saute pan over medium heat. Add mushrooms. Then add the oil. Cook gently. Season with salt and pepper. Pour into bowl and cool., ingredients: [6 ounces calves liver, cubed, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 3 medium onion, about 12 pound, chopped coarsely, 1 slice white bread, cubed, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 2 small eggplants, halved and the seeded pulp scooped out, chopped, and reserved, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon salad oil, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 14 cup finely sliced onion, 12 cup long grain rice, washed, 1 red pepper, chopped, 1 green pepper, chopped, 2 12 cups chicken stock, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig thyme, Parsley, to taste, 1 tablespooon clarified butter, 6 large shrimp, shells on, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 cup dry white wine, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 2 Belgian endive, 12 English cucumber, cubed, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, Oil and vinegar, to taste, Spanish Onions:, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 1 Spanish onion, sliced thick, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 scallions, chopped, Freshly ground salt, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 5 ounces heavy cream, 1 English cucumber, 18 cup clarified butter, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 button mushrooms, 18 cup olive oil, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Cold Hors dOeuvres, picturelink: null}, 22222: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl, toss the potatoes with 2 tablespoons of the coconut oil to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, then spread the potatoes out in a single layer on a baking sheet. Toss the beets with the remaining 1 tablespoon coconut oil sprinkle with salt and pepper and spread out in a single layer on a second baking sheet. Add 2 tablespoons water to the beets. Transfer the baking sheets to the oven and bake for 35 minutes, or until the potatoes are golden brown, stirring halfway through. If the beets start to look dry, add a little more water. Set aside to cool for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the dressing: Add the mayonnaise to a bowl and whisk in the buttermilk and mustard. Set aside.nTransfer the cooked potatoes and beets and any accumulated beet juices to a salad bowl. Add the celery, green onions, dill, the dressing and some salt and pepper. Toss to coat well with dressing. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours. Just before serving fold in the blue cheese., ingredients: [2 pounds new potatoes, quartered, 3 tablespoons coconut oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound beets, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 23 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 cup chopped celery about 2 stalks, 14 cup chopped green onions just the greens, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled I like Smokey Blue best], title: Beet and Potato Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing and Dill, picturelink: rEn05q9HzZYZz96qK9vixnI4MGH5KFq}, 22223: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Add cabbage, cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 30 to 35 minutes. Add maple syrup, and cook for 5 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons organic unsalted butter, 6 cups thinly sliced red cabbage, 3 to 4 tablespoons pure maple syrup], title: Sauteed Red Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 22224: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nPlace the veal, pork, beef, chives, thyme, parsley, eggs, Panko, milk, salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl.nHeat a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat and film it with extravirgin olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the celery and onion to the pan and cook, stirring, until softened. Remove the celery and onion from the pan and let cool. When the mixture is cool, add it to the mixing bowl with the other ingredients.nUsing clean hands, mix the ingredients until well combined and everything is evenly distributed. Place a piece of parchment paper on a sheet pan it should have sides at least 1 12 inches high to prevent grease runoff from the pan. Place the meat on the sheet pan and pat it and punch it down to remove any air pockets. Shape the meat into a loaf about 14 12 inches long by 5 inches wide by 2 inches high. Place the sheet pan in the oven and bake 40 to 50 minutes or until a meat thermometer indicates an internal temperature of 155 to 160 degrees. Remove the meatloaf from the oven and let it rest for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, for the sauce, combine the broth, roasted garlic and butter over mediumhigh heat and simmer for about 10 to 15 minutes, or until lightly thickened. Add 1 teaspoon of each of the chopped thyme, chives and parsley. Slice the meatloaf into serving portions and spoon the hot sauce over the meatloaf and serve., ingredients: [1 pound ground veal preferably naturallyraised, 1 pound ground pork preferably naturallyraised Berkshire, 1 pound ground beef preferably naturallyraised, 1 tablespoon chopped, fresh chives, plus 1 teaspoon for the sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped, fresh thyme leaves, plus 1 teaspoon for the sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped, fresh Italian parsley, plus 1 teaspoon for the sauce, 3 large eggs preferably organic, 1 13 cups finely ground Panko, 23 cup whole milk preferably hormone and antibioticfree, 2 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, 2 stalks of celery, finely diced, 1 large Spanish onion, finely diced, 2 cups chicken or beef stock, 8 to 10 cloves roasted garlic, 3 tablespoons butter, at room temperature], title: 1770 House Meatloaf, picturelink: gkuseSV4r5nUcvKr1gn4B1q.pIGu76K}, 22225: {instructions: Toss the potatoes in a medium saucepan, cover generously with water and season generously with salt. Bring the pot to a boil and reduce to a simmer until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and reserve.nCoat a large straightsided saute pan lightly with olive oil. Toss in the bacon and bring the pan to a medium heat. When the bacon is brown and crispy, toss in the onions and cook them until they are very soft and aromatic, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the stock and vinegar. Toss in the potatoes when they are still warm and cook until the liquid has absorbed into the potatoes. Taste and season with salt if needed. Toss in the chives and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds white new potatoes, cut in half, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 8 bacon slices, cut into lardons, 1 onion, cut into 14inch dice, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped], title: German Potato Salad, picturelink: qr4bBQ5fLNMQPyfP8Mu2TjeDmftqki}, 22226: {instructions: To make the fritter batter, combine flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. In another smaller bowl, whisk together oil, milk, egg and black pepper. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and combine until all dry ingredients are moistened.nHeat oil to 375 degrees F in a deepfryer.nMix panko bread crumbs, Cajun Seasoning, mayonnaise, parsley and lemon juice. Fold in crab meat, trying to avoid breaking up lumps. Form crab mixture into cocktail size balls. Place the crab ball on a slotted spoon, and holding over the bowl of fritter batter, ladle enough of the batter over it to coat. Deepfry in hot oil until golden brown and drain.nWhisk together mayonnaise and Chipotle Chile Powder. Season, with salt, if needed. Serve crab fritters with spicy mayo as a dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 13 cups milk, 1 egg, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart canola oil approximately, as needed for deep frying, 2 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon Irvine Spices Cajun Seasoning, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 18 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 pound lump crabmeat, picked for shells and with excess liquid carefully squeezed out without breaking up lumps, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Irvine Spices Specialty Chipotle Chile Powder, Salt], title: Crab Fritters with Spicy Mayo, picturelink: m9qk9iwHAztWlHCnNe4k7Yvp8y4S18.}, 22227: {instructions: Toast the bread and keep while preparing the eggs. Combine the eggs, water, Tabasco and salt in a bowl and whisk until smooth. In a large nonstick omelette pan, melt the butter and add the eggs, stirring with a spatula until the eggs are gently scrambled. Spread the soft goat cheese equally over the slices of toast. Add the scrambled eggs on top of the goat cheese and cut each of the toast slices in half. Put 4 halves on each plate and garnish with sundried tomatoes, fresh basil leaves and drizzle with basil pesto.nCombine all the ingredients, except for the olive oil, in a blender. With the blender running, slowly drizzle in the olive oil., ingredients: [8 slices Tuscan style bread, 12 eggs, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 tablespoon hot red pepper sauce, 1 ounce sweet butter, 5 12 ounces Montrachet goat cheese, softened, 1 12 ounces marinated sun dried tomatoes, julienned, Fresh basil leaves, as garnish, Basil Pesto, recipe follows, 34 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 cup olive oil, 34 cup grated Reggiano Parmesan, 14 cup pine nuts, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 turn fresh black pepper, 2 teaspoons lemon juice], title: Breakfast Bruschetta, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 22228: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly coat eight 6ounce ramekins with nonstick cooking spray and place on a rimmed baking sheet.nToss the peaches with the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons sugar in a large bowl. Let stand until juicy, about 10 minutes. Divide the peaches and juices among the ramekins.nWhile the peaches sit, combine the flour, remaining 12 cup sugar, flax seed and salt. Cut in the butter, using a fork or pastry cutter, until the mixture forms mediumsize crumbs. Stir in the buttermilk until well moistened and large clumps hold together.nSprinkle the topping evenly over the peaches. Bake until the fruit is bubbling and the topping is golden brown and crisp, 40 to 45 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature with vanilla yogurt or frozen yogurt if desired., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 12 pounds ripe peaches, pitted and cut into large chunks, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons ground flax seed, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons reducedfat buttermilk, Nonfat vanilla yogurt or frozen yogurt, for serving, optional], title: Individual Peach Cobblers, picturelink: kYkn0pLeiSkcSaeMUJ6v0ldvXeWw7P.}, 22229: {instructions: On 2 separate plates, spread out the walnuts and the mini chocolate chips. Scoop about 13 cup ice cream and press between 2 cooled cookies. Roll half of each sandwich in chips and half in walnuts. Repeat with remaining cookies. Freeze immediately until firm, about 1 hour, and then serve.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, using a wooden spoon, mix the vegetable shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the milk and vanilla and mix until smooth. Beat in the egg until incorporated.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, cocoa, and baking soda until smooth and combined. Gradually mix the dry ingredients into the wet mixture until fully incorporated. Do not over mix or the dough will become tough.nForm about 2 tablespoons of dough into 1 12inch balls and place on ungreased cookie sheets about 2 inches apart. Press down lightly and gently round edges. Bake for about 12 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through baking.nRemove from oven and let cool completely., ingredients: [8 ounces mini chocolate chips, 1 12 cups finely chopped walnuts, toasted, 1 quart chocolate or chocolate fudge ice cream, 1 recipe Chocolate Cookies, recipe follows, 1 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda], title: Triple Chocolate Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: 9e6sQKdINkrtKuPIoMhZT04Rt0Ylq}, 22230: {instructions: At least 1 day before you plan to serve the dessert, combine the flours, salt, and 2 tablespoons of the sugar in a mixer fitted with a dough hook, and mix. Dissolve the yeast in the water. With the mixer running at low speed, add the yeast mixture to the flour mixture. Add the eggs and mix well. Add the butter and mix at medium speed until smooth, about 10 minutes. Do not skimp on the mixing time this is how the dough gets kneaded. Place the dough in a deep container, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and then refrigerate overnight. The next day, turn the dough out onto a floured work surface. Flour your rolling pin and roll the dough into a 12inch circle, about 12inch thick. Transfer to an ungreased cookie sheet. Loosely drape plastic wrap over the dough and let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk, 1 to 2 hours.nMeanwhile, make the custard by combining the milk and vanilla bean in a small saucepan and bring just to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 10 minutes. Whisk the egg yolks and granulated sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the cornstarch and whisk vigorously until no lumps remain. Whisk in 14 cup of the hot milk mixture until incorporated. Whisk in the remaining hot milk mixture, reserving the empty saucepan.nPour the mixture through a strainer back into the saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and slowly boiling. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter. Pour into a bowl and cover with plastic wrap, lightly pressing the plastic against the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Chill at least 2 hours or until ready to use. The custard can be made up to 2 days in advance and kept refrigerated.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the plastic wrap from the dough and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. After 10 minutes, rotate the pan to ensure even cooking. When baked, immediately remove to a wire rack and let cool to room temperature.nNot more than 2 hours before serving, use a serrated knife to slice the round of brioche horizontally in half. Spread the bottom generously with the custard. Place the top brioche on and press lightly. Using a heavy, large serrated knife, cut into wedges, and serve topped with powdered sugar. Serve within 2 hours., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups plus 2 tablespoons bread flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 1ounce fresh yeast or 2 14ounce envelopes active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons warm water, 4 eggs, 8 ounces 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 cups milk, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 6 egg yolks, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter], title: Gateau Saint Tropez, picturelink: null}, 22231: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter and flour a 9inch cake pan, a 6inch cake pan, and a 3inch cake pan.nTo make the cake, cream the butter and sugar on mediumhigh speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. On medium speed, add the eggs, 2 at a time, then the sour cream, vanilla, and lemon zest, scraping down the bowl as needed. Mix well. Sift together the flour, cornstarch, salt, and baking soda. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the flour mixture to the butter mixture and stir just until smooth. Finish mixing by hand to be sure the batter is well mixed. Proportionately divide the batter between the 3 cake pans. Smooth the tops with a spatula, and bake as follows: the 9inch pan for 45 minutes, the 6inch pan for 35 to 40 minutes and the 3inch pan for 30 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean in each cake. Cool in the pans to room temperature.nFor the frosting, cream the butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the confectioners sugar, milk, and vanilla extract. Mix on low speed for 1 to 2 minutes, until thickened. Add the food coloring and turn the mixer off. Using a spatula, fully incorporate the color into the frosting.nFrost each cake separately, saving some frosting for decoration. Chill the cakes before stacking.nPlace the 9inch cake on a plate. Center the 6inch cake on top of the 9inch cake. Center the 3inch cake on top of the 6inch cake.nFor the decoration, pipe or spoon the remaining frosting around the base of each cake and around the top edge of the 3inch cake. Finish decorating with the pieces of candy., ingredients: [18 tablespoons 2 14 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 cups sugar, 6 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 8 ounces about 1 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 lemon, zested, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 pound 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 pounds confectioners sugar, sifted, 9 tablespoons milk, 3 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 14 drops pink food coloring rose petal shade, Pink and white candy, for decorating], title: Birthday Cake with Hot Pink Butter Icing, picturelink: q5KWLTCcfYXWKUX1dvoscLJ0djx4ItK}, 22232: {instructions: In a hot saute pan, add oil and saute peppers and onions until lightly colored, about 5 minutes. Add spice blend and rosemary and cook for 1 minute. Spoon over pasta.nBlend in coffee grinder., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 yellow bell pepper, julienned, 1 orange bell pepper, julienned, 1 medium onion, julienned, 1 teaspoon Curtis hot spice blend, 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary, 2 cooked fussili, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon black pepper corns, 1 teaspoon white pepper corns, 2 teaspoon red pepper corns, 2 teaspoon green pepper corns, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon paprika], title: Tricolor Pepper and Onion Pasta, picturelink: null}, 22233: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRub London broil with olive oil and then coat generously with the dry rub. Let stand for about 15 minutes at room temperature.nPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nPlace meat on grill and grill for about 5 minutes on each side for mediumrare. Remove from heat and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes before slicing on the bias.nMix all ingredients together thoroughly in a small bowl., ingredients: [One 2pound London broil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 recipe Daves Rub, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 4 pinches salt, 15 grinds black pepper], title: Dry Rubbed London Broil, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 22234: {instructions: Season the fish to taste with salt and pepper. Combine egg and cream to make an egg wash. Brush 1 side of the fillets with egg wash, then cover the egg wash side of fillets with bread crumb or cereal, and press down firmly. In a hot saute pan add 3 tablespoons oil. Place the fillets into the pan breaded side down. Cook for 2 minutes. Turn fillets over add the thyme and cook for approximately 2 minutes more, or until fillets are cooked, remove from pan. Meanwhile place 2 tablespoons oil into a hot pan, when the oil starts to smoke, add the endive. Toss the endive. Add the spice mix and the chives. Cook for 1 minute then remove from the heat. Place the endive in the center of 4 plates. Place the fish on top of the endive. Drizzle the chive oil around then the balsamic vinegar. Garnish with chives., ingredients: [4 7ounce sea bass fillets, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 4 tablespoons panko bread crumbs or your favorite cereal, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, A few sprigs of thyme, 6 Belgium endives split into sixths, Spice mix, Aged balsamic vinegar, to taste, 2 tablespoons chives thinly sliced plus extra for garnish, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground coriander seed, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon ground star anise, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Sea salt, to taste, White pepper ground to taste], title: Crisp Sea Bass with Braised Endive and Aged Balsamic Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 22235: {instructions: For the jam: Set a sieve over a medium bowl. Trim the ends from the oranges, then cut away the peel and pith. Working over the bowl to catch the juice, cut along the membrane on both sides of each orange segment with a paring knife and let the segments drop into the sieve. Squeeze the juice from the leftover membranes into the bowl. Remove the segments from the grapefruits in the same manner, and squeeze the juices from the leftover membranes into the bowl. Remove the segments from 1 lemon and squeeze the juice from the leftover membranes into the bowl. Squeeze the juice from the remaining lemon into the bowl.nPlace the citrus segments, juices, sugar and arrowroot in a medium saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce the heat and simmer until thick, 1 to 1 12 hours. Let cool at room temperature for 30 minutes, then refrigerate for 30 minutes.nFor the crust: In the bowl of a food processor, combine the flour, sugar, salt and lemon zest. Pulse until blended. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Combine the ice water and almond extract. With the machine running, gradually add the water mixture and process until moist clumps form. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and form into a ball. Flatten the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Chill for 30 minutes.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a large sheet of parchment paper, roll out the dough into a 10inch round. Slide the dough and parchment onto a large, heavy baking sheet. Fold in the edge of the dough to make a border, forming an 8 to 9inch round. Pleat the edge loosely and pinch to seal any cracks in the dough. Prick the bottom of the crust with a fork.nBake until the crust is golden, about 40 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes, then slide a metal spatula under the crust and remove the parchment. Let cool completely.nFor the topping: In a small bowl, mix together the mascarpone cheese, sugar, vanilla and the orange and lemon zests until smooth.nSpread the mascarpone topping over the cooled crust, then spoon the citrus jam on top. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [3 medium navel oranges, 2 red grapefruits, 2 large lemons, 1 cup sugar, 2 12 teaspoons arrowroot, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, Zest of 1 lemon, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons ice water, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup mascarpone cheese 8 ounces, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Zest of 12 small orange, Zest of 12 large lemon], title: Citrus Crostata, picturelink: gcTbMpYeCPbQFvnE7kk08BfSmGaeLi}, 22236: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saute pan over high heat until almost smoking. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper to taste and saute for 12 minutes on each side until almost cooked through. Heat the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions, garlic, carrots, apples and curry and cook until soft. Raise the heat to high, add the wine and cook until reduced. Add the stock and cook until reduced by half. Reduce heat to medium, whisk in the cream, coconut milk and brown sugar and cook until slightly thickened. Add the shrimp and the clams and cook until the clams open. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat your Belgian waffle iron. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet, preferably nonstick, over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until lightly browned. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Add the wild rice and stir just until the mixture is well combined, season well with salt and pepper to taste. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and baking soda. In another bowl, beat together the milk, buttermilk and eggs. Pour the liquid ingredients over the dry ingredients and stir together with the whisk until just combined. Stir in the wild rice mixture. Lightly butter the grids of the waffle iron, if needed. Spoon out 1 cup of batter onto the hot iron. The batter will be thick so spread with a metal spatula. Close the lid and bake until the waffle is golden and crisp. Remove from the iron and cut into quarters.nHeat the brown sugar and honey in small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until sugar has melted and is bubbling. Add the mango and cook over mediumlow heat until the mango is soft and caramelized. Place in a food processor and process until smooth, remove to a bowl and let cool. Place butter in a food processor and add mango puree and process until smooth. Fold in cilantro, scrape into a medium ramekin and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nAssemble: Ladle the sauce into a bowl. Place 3 shrimp and 4 clams in each bowl. Top with 2 waffle quarters and a dollop of the candied mango butter. Sprinkle with chopped cilantro.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large carrot, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons Mesa Curry Mix, recipe follows, 1 cup white wine, 6 cups shrimp stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup coconut milk, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 littleneck clams, scrubbed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 cups cooked wild rice, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup milk, 14 cup buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 large ripe mango, peeled, pitted and coarsely chopped, 2 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, ground, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, ground, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, ground, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 2 teaspoons turmeric, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cloves], title: Shrimp and Littleneck Clams with Wild Rice Waffles, picturelink: null}, 22237: {instructions: PREHEAT oven to 425 degrees F.nPLACE the frozen tilapia tenders on a baking sheet and bake according to the package instructions.nSLICE each roll in half to create a top and bottom bun.nPLACE one fully cooked tilapia tender on the bottomhalf of each roll.nTOP with cheese, lettuce, onion, tomato and sauce, as desired.nFINISH the sliders by adding the top bun, and enjoy, ingredients: [1 14 oz package SeaPaku00ae Tilapia Tenders, 6 prepared dinner rolls, 1 tomato, sliced, 1 onion, sliced, Your favorite kind of cheese, sliced, Your preferred sauce, try Ketchup, Honey Mustard, Buffalo Sauce or Mayo], title: Tilapia Sliders, picturelink: null}, 22238: {instructions: In a large pot, bring stock to simmer. Stir in tortellini and simmer gently for 3 minutes. Stir in spinach, garlic, basil, salt, pepper and tomatoes. Return to a simmer and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Serve hot with Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [6 cups low sodium chicken stock, 1 to 2 teaspoons minced garlic, One 9ounce package cheese tortellini, Dried basil, 1 package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed, Salt and pepper, 1 can Italian style stewed tomatoes, Parmesan cheese], title: Spinach Tortellini Soup, picturelink: 9xmZJjQ60p2rkzgJ5fvr88r5yyEVpj.}, 22239: {instructions: Chop 1 cup pitted green or kalamata olives and transfer to a medium bowl. Stack 6 basil leaves, roll into a tight cylinder and thinly slice. Add to the bowl. Finely chop 2 scallions and 1 garlic clove. Add to the bowl. Add 14 cup olive oil and 14 cup grated parmesan cheese to the bowl and toss. Arrange 20 to 24 crostini, crackers or baguette slices on a platter. Divide the mixture evenly among the crostini. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with more grated parmesan.nPer serving per piece Calories: 81 Total Fat: 4 grams Saturated Fat: 0.5 grams Protein: 2 grams Total carbohydrates: 10 grams Sugar:1 gram Fiber: 0.5 gram Cholesterol: 1 milligram Sodium: 159 milligramsnPhotograph by Marko MetzingerStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Olive Bruschetta, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 22240: {instructions: Place salad plates in your freezer to quickchill them.nPlace eggs in small, deep pot. Cover eggs with cold water. Cover pot and bring it up to a boil. When water boils, turn off the burner. Let the eggs stand 15 minutes. Run cold water over and into the pot, cooling the eggs.nRemove the core from the head of iceberg lettuce by giving it a good whack on the counter. Pull the core of the lettuce out. Quarter the head lengthwise.nCombine the mayonnaise, ketchup or chili sauce and finely chopped garlic or halfsour pickles. If the dressing is too thick for your liking, add a splash of water to it. Season the dressing with salt and pepper.nPeel and chop the hard boiled, cooled eggs. Remove the salad plates from the freezer. Place a quarter head iceberg lettuce on a chilled salad plate. Spill dressing over the center of the lettuce and garnish with chopped egg., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 1 large head iceberg lettuce, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup ketchup or chili sauce, 14 cup finely chopped garlic or halfsour pickles, A splash of water, optional, Salt and pepper], title: Icebergs in Russia Salad, picturelink: null}, 22241: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan and spray with cooking spray. Season fish with salt and pepper and place fish on grill cook for 5 to 6 minutes on each side or until flakey.nMeanwhile, make sauce: melt butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Stir in green onions, garlic, and Creole seasoning. Add cream and lower heat to medium. Stir until mixture is reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add crawfish and stir for about 30 seconds or until just heated through. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo serve, plate fish and spoon Crawfish Bayou Sauce over center of fish. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 4 7 to 9ounce fresh Pacific cod fillets ling, rock, true cod, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 13 cup chopped green onions, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning, 34 cup heavy cream, 34 cup crawfish, cooked can substitute cooked shrimp, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Fresh Pacific Cod Fish with Crawfish Bayou Sauce, picturelink: null}, 22242: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray an 8inch square baking pan with nonstick baking spray.nFor the brownie batter: Place the chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl. Melt the chocolate in the microwave in 30second increments, being careful not to let it burn. Set it aside to cool slightly.nIn a medium mixing bowl, cream the butter and granulated sugar. Beat in the eggs. With the mixer on low speed, drizzle in the melted chocolate. Add the vanilla extract and mix. Add the flour to the bowl and mix just until combined do not over mix.nPour the batter in the prepared baking pan. Spread it to even out the surface. Bake until the center is no longer soft, 40 to 45 minutes. Set the brownies aside to cool completely before icing.nFor the icing: In a large mixing bowl, combine the butter, powdered sugar, cocoa powder, salt and vanilla. Mix until slightly combined, then add 12 cup of the coffee. Whip until the icing is light and fluffy. If the icing is overly thick, add 14 cup more coffee. It should be very light and fluffy.nIce the cooled brownies, spreading the icing on thick. Refrigerate until the icing is firm, and then slice the brownies into squares., ingredients: [Nonstick baking spray, Four 1ounce squares unsweetened chocolate, 2 sticks butter, 2 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 3 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 sticks butter, softened, 5 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 to 34 cup brewed coffee, cooled to room temperature], title: Mocha Brownies, picturelink: hX2dZb54fCYLuojrH8DxLxWnsv4Bsg6}, 22243: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 16 cups of mini muffin pans with nonstick spray.nFor the crust: Beat together the cream cheese, brown sugar and butter in the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the flours and salt and mix until the dough comes together. Break the dough off into 16 balls and press into and up sides of each muffin cup.nFor the filling: Whisk together the pecans, brown sugar, butter, vanilla extract and egg in a large bowl. Fill each cup with 1 heaping teaspoon of filling. Bake until the crust is golden and the filling is set, about 17 minutes. Let cool completely before removing from the pans., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 3 ounces reducedfat cream cheese, room temperature, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup chopped pecans, lightly toasted, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Bobbys Pecan Christmas Tassie, picturelink: null}, 22244: {instructions: Make the port wine reduction: Add enough canola oil to a large nonreactive stockpot to cover the bottom and set it over high heat. Just before the oil starts smoking, add the shallots, mushrooms and peppercorns and reduce the heat to medium. Sweat the vegetables until brown bits form on the bottom of the pan, about 5 minutes, then add the sugar. Add the red wine and port and deglaze the pan, scraping the brown bits off the bottom. Simmer the liquid until it has reduced to about 1 12 cups, about 40 minutes. Add the stock and cook until the liquid has reduced to 1 12 cups, about 15 more minutes. Be sure to skim off any foam that forms on the surface.nTransfer the liquid to a heatproof bowl. Add the thyme and bay leaf, then cover tightly with plastic wrap. Let infuse 1 hour. Strain through a finemesh strainer into a saucepan and set aside.nMake the steaks: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Thoroughly blot the meat dry and season both sides liberally with salt and pepper. Add enough canola oil to 2 large skillets to cover the bottoms about 2 tablespoons each and set over high heat. Just before the oil starts smoking, add a steak to each skillet and cook 6 minutes. Check the bottoms of the steaks to see if they are charred to your liking. Flip the steaks with tongs and add 1 tablespoon butter to each skillet. Cook, tilting the skillets and spooning the butter over the steaks, 2 more minutes.nTransfer the steaks to a rimmed baking sheet transfer to the oven and bake until a meat thermometer registers 125 degrees F medium rare, an additional 3 minutes. Transfer the steaks to a cutting board and let rest at least 7 minutes before serving.nMeanwhile, warm the port wine reduction until it simmers. Stir in the berries and cook 30 seconds. Remove from the heat.nSlice the steak off the bone in 1 piece with a sharp knife, then slice the meat against the grain. Serve with the port wine reduction and crumbled blue cheese.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Canola oil, 2 large shallots, sliced about 1 cup, 12 cup sliced white mushrooms, 1 12 tablespoons cracked black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 cups dry red wine, 2 cups ruby port, 1 12 cups veal stock or a mix of chicken and beef stock, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup huckleberries, blackberries or blueberries, 2 1 12pound bonein ribeye steaks 1 34 to 2 inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Canola oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 ounces Maytag blue cheese, crumbled], title: RibEye Steaks with Berries and Blue Cheese, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 22245: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a 14cup Bundt pan with nonstick spray.nFor the cake: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on high speed until pale yellow, 3 to 4 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl regularly. With the mixer on low, add the eggs, one at a time, until fully incorporated. Add the sour cream, orange zest and vanilla, and then mix until smooth. Sift together the flour, cocoa powder and baking powder. Fold in half the sifted dry ingredients, and then half the milk. Mix together, and then add the remaining dry ingredients and milk.nScrape the batter into the greased Bundt pan and bake in the center of the oven for 1 hour. When done, a cake tester inserted into the center of the cake will come out clean. Cool in the cake pan for 10 minutes before inverting and carefully removing the cake from the pan.nFor the cherry sauce: Combine the cherries with 13 cup water, confectioners sugar, rum, vanilla, lemon peel, lemon juice, orange juice and cinnamon stick in a medium saucepan. Simmer until the cherries are tender and the sauce is lightly syrupy it will thicken further when cooled, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, discard the lemon peel and cinnamon stick. Add the butter and stir to combine and melt. Serve with the sliced chocolate Bundt cake., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup whole milk, 2 cups dried cherries, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, One 1inch strip lemon peel, Juice of 12 lemon, Juice of 12 orange, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Chocolate Bundt Cake with Candied Cherry Sauce, picturelink: K5e0RRD8rq16Xg.hOufPgJFxE9nihKy}, 22246: {instructions: Melt the chocolate over a double boiler until smooth. Remove to a fondue pot and dip any or all of the above ingredients in the chocolate and enjoy., ingredients: [1 bag semisweet and milk chocolate chips, 1 orange, sectioned, 1 bag pretzel logs, 1 dozen long stem strawberries, 1 whole pound cake, cubed, 1 dozen almond and coconut macaroons], title: Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: null}, 22247: {instructions: Place diced bacon in large stock pot over mediumhigh heat. Cook until almost crisp add onions, and cook 5 minutes. Stir in water and potatoes, and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, and cook uncovered for 15 minutes, or until potatoes are fork tender. Add in the halfandhalf, and the butter. Drain clams, reserving clam liquid. Stir the clams and 12 of the clam liquid into the soup. Cook for about 5 minutes, or until heated through. Do not allow the soup to boil.nLadle into soup bowls and serve., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, diced, 1 12 cups chopped onion, 1 12 cups water, 4 cups peeled and cubed potatoes, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups halfandhalf, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 10ounce cans minced clams], title: New England Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 22248: {instructions: Combine the buttermilk powder, garlic powder, onion powder, 2 teaspoons salt and the cayenne in a small bowl. Toss together the cereal, peas, bagel chips and pretzels in a large microwavesafe bowl.nMicrowave the butter, lemon zest, chives and parsley in a microwavesafe small bowl on high for 30 seconds stir, then microwave until the butter is melted, about 15 seconds more. Stir in the vinegar. Pour the mixture over the cereal mixture, and toss well to coat. Sprinkle the buttermilk powder mixture on top, and toss well to coat.nMicrowave the snack mix on high for 2 minutes stir, then microwave for 3 minutes more, stirring well every 45 seconds or so. Spread the mixture on a large rimmed baking sheet, and let cool and dry for 10 minutes before packing into airtight containers. The mix will keep for 2 days at room temperature., ingredients: [6 tablespoons buttermilk powder see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, Kosher salt, 18 to 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 cups crispy rice cereal, 2 cups roasted salted green peas see Cooks Note, 1 12 cups bagel chips, broken into pieces, 1 12 cups bitesized pretzels, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Zest of 3 lemons, 2 tablespoons dried chives, 2 tablespoons dried parsley, 2 tablespoons distilled vinegar], title: NutFree RanchFlavored Crispy Cereal Snack Mix, picturelink: null}, 22249: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large casserole over low heat. Add the onions, add the salt and pepper and stir to coat well. Cook very slowly over slow heat until the onions are soft and translucent. In rapid succession add the chili powder and stir to incorporate fully. Stir in the tomato paste and sugar and moisten with the vinegar. Continue to cook over low heat. As the liquids begin to bubble, be careful not to burn the tomato and sugar. Nothing should caramelize in this dish. Add the bourbon carefully, allowing the alcohol to burn off. Add the broth and braise, with a lid on, until the onions are nearly dry.nMay be served hot or cold., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 3 pounds sweet onions, Vidalia or Texas sweets, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup white vinegar, 12 cup bourbon, 1 cup beef broth], title: Bourbon Potted Chili Onions, picturelink: null}, 22250: {instructions: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a small heavy saucepan over moderate heat and whisk in flour, then cook roux, whisking constantly, 2 minutes. Add broth in a slow stream, whisking constantly, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, whisking occasionally, 3 minutes. Remove from heat and keep warm. Pat beef dry and season well with salt and pepper. Heat 12 tablespoon butter with 12 tablespoon oil in a 12inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides. Saute beef turning once, until browned on both sides but still pink inside, about 1 minute. Transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon.nHeat remaining 12 tablespoon butter with remaining 12 tablespoon oil in same skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then saute shallot, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Add mushrooms and saute, stirring occasionally, until the liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated and mushrooms are browned, about 8 to 10 minutes. Return meat with its juices to skillet, stir to combine, and then transfer to a platter.nReheat sauce over low heat do not let boil, then whisk in sour cream, mustard, dill, salt, and pepper. Pour sauce over beef and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup beef broth, 1 12 pound piece beef tenderloin, trimmed, sliced 14 inch thick, then cut into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup thinly sliced shallot, 12 pound creminis, trimmed and halved quartered, if large, 2 tablespoons sour cream, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, Accompaniment: buttered cooked wide egg noodles], title: Beef Stroganov, picturelink: null}, 22251: {instructions: Combine the sirloin, onion, jalapeno, garlic, egg, bread crumbs, and salt and pepper, mixing well with your hands. Form the mixture into 4 12inch thick patties, shaped like a steak. Put 1 tablespoon oil into a skillet over mediumhigh heat and brown the Salisbury steaks on both sides, about 3 to 5 minutes, adding more oil to the pan as needed. Set the browned steaks aside and let them cool.nAdd the mushrooms to the same pan, along with the butter and flour. Cook over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes, until the butter has melted and the flour is cooked through. Remove the pan from the heat and pour in the red wine. Return the pan to the heat and cook until the sauce has thickened, about 5 minutes more. Remove from the heat and let cool.nIn a microwavesafe plastic TV dinner tray, put the steaks in the largest compartment and cover each with 14 of the sauce. Put 12 cup mashed potatoes into another section and top with 1 teaspoon butter. Put 12 cup vegetables in another section and top with 1 teaspoon butter. Pour enough Microwave Brownie batter into the last section to come up almost to the top of the container and sprinkle over some chocolate chips. Cover the whole thing with plastic wrap and freeze overnight, or up to 1 month.nWhen ready to eat, remove from the freezer and cut the plastic wrap away from the brownie compartment. Microwave on high for 6 minutes, then on medium for 3 minutes. Times will vary depending on the wattage of your microwave. Let rest for 1 minute, carefully remove the plastic wrap, and eat.nPut the butter and chocolate into a microwavesafe bowl and heat on high for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds to melt the chocolate. Set aside.nIn another bowl, whisk together the eggs and sugar.nIn a large bowl sift the flour with the baking powder and salt. Add the egg and chocolate mixtures along with the vanilla and stir well to combine. Follow instructions above., ingredients: [2 pounds ground sirloin, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 large egg, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups sliced mushrooms, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 8 teaspoons for freezing, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups dry red wine, 2 cups prepared garlic mashed potatoes, 2 cups blanched green beans and baby carrots, 1 cup Microwave Brownie batter, recipe follows, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 2 large eggs, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup chocolate chips], title: HDTV Salisbury Steak Dinner, picturelink: BPQz1sVnc33JiLgT90PSR48gcqIOri}, 22252: {instructions: Mix flour and salt together in a bowl. Add the shortening and mix it into the flour and salt with a fork or your fingertips until the mixture has the texture of course crumbs. Mix in the water, little at a time. Refrigerate to chill before rolling out the dough., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 23 cup shortening, 4 tablespoons cold water], title: Pie Crust for Double Crust, picturelink: null}, 22253: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, salt, and pepper in a small bowl and mix until the salt dissolves. Drizzle in the oil as you stir, mixing until the vinegar and oil comes together in a smooth dressing.nTear the lettuce leaves into pieces and put all but a handful in a small salad bowl, then season with salt and pepper.nPour most of the vinaigrette over the lettuce reserve a little to avoid overdressing and toss, mixing thoroughly. Add the reserved lettuce, toss again, and then add more vinaigrette if the salad seems too dry. Serve immediately.nCopyright 2003 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large head Boston or other butter lettuce, cored, cleaned and dried about 7 cups], title: Boston Lettuce with Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 22254: {instructions: Place the beans in a large pot and cover generously with water. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, covered, until the beans are creamy inside, but not mushy, about 1 to 1 12 hours. Drain beans and transfer to a large bowl to cool. Cook shells in rapidly boiling salted water. When done, drain in a colander, then spread shells on a cookie sheet to allow steam to escape. Drizzle with a tiny bit of olive oil. When cool, combine pasta with the pinto beans. Add peppers. In a small bowl, combine the remaining ingredients. Drizzle dressing over salad and toss gently to combine.nTo roast chiles and peppers: Place over a gas flame or on a tray under a broiler. Keep turning so that the skin is evenly charred, without burning and drying out the flesh. Transfer charred peppers to a plastic or paper bag, tie the top closed and allow to steam until cool to the touch, about fifteen minutes. To speed things up, place bag in a bowl of ice water. Peel the peppers by hand, then dip the them briefly in water to remove any blackened bits., ingredients: [34 cup dried Pinto beans, washed and picked over, 1 12 cups very small pasta shells, Olive oil, 2 Poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, 2 red peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch oregano leaves, washed and chopped roughly, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil], title: Pinto Bean Salad with Roasted Peppers and Pasta Shells, picturelink: null}, 22255: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFrom 6 hour pork, cook your way through the day with slowcooked, braised, and simmered comfort foods.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nScore the top of the roast in a crosshatch pattern about 34inch apart. Rub the salt, pepper, fennel, and thyme into the pork skin and set the pork into a roasting pan. Roast about 30 minutes, or until crispy on top. Cover the pork tightly with foil and reduce oven to 325 degrees F, and roast about 4 hours.nRemove the pork from the oven and set onto a cutting board. Spoon off most of the fat from the drippings and add the onions, garlic, carrots, celery, bay leaves, salt, and pepper to the pan, and stir to combine. Set the roast on top of the vegetables and cover again with foil, roasting for 1 to 1 12 hours more.nMeanwhile, start on the spicy apple chutney and side dishes.nFor the spicy apple chutney: Heat 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil in a saucepot over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, chiles, and ginger to the pan and cook to soften, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the apples, dark brown sugar, thyme, maple syrup, cider vinegar, lemon juice, a little salt, and nutmeg. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 to 20 minutes, until a thick sauce forms. Adjust the seasoning and transfer to a serving dish.nFor the sweet potatoes: Cover the sweet potatoes with water in a pot over mediumhigh heat, bring to a boil, and cook until tender. Drain and return to the hot pot. Mash the sweet potatoes with orange zest, chicken stock, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the chard: Heat 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, and saute until just tender, about 5 minutes. Keep warm until ready to serve.nRemove the pork roast to a carving board and cover with the roasting foil to tent. Skim the fat again, and then place the roasting pan over mediumhigh heat on the stovetop. Deglaze the pan with stock, and wine, and stir for a few minutes with a wooden spoon to scrape up all drippings. Strain the sauce and pour it into a serving bowl or gravy boat. Serve the pork with the spicy apple chutney, mashed citrus sweet potatoes and sauteed chard., ingredients: [1 5pound bonein pork shoulder, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 medium onions, sliced, 1 head garlic, cloves peeled and sliced, 2 medium carrots, sliced, 2 ribs celery, sliced, 5 to 6 fresh bay leaves, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium onions, chopped, 2 Fresno chile peppers, seeded and finely chopped, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, grated or minced, 6 medium Braeburn or Gala apples, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 14 cup dark amber maple syrup, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt, Freshly grated nutmeg, 4 large sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 cup chicken stock, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 very large bunch red chard, stemmed and shredded, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg], title: AllDay Roast Pork, Spicy Apple Chutney, Mashed Citrus Sweet Potatoes, Sauteed Chard, picturelink: c0aonqU69cyVnQQAIYjCxTR9BaePBP2}, 22256: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Oil a 9 by 5 by 3inch loaf pan.nCombine the beef, 1 cup tomato sauce, celery, onions, bell peppers, molasses, granulated garlic, Worcestershire sauce, black pepper, Italian seasoning, 1 tablespoon rosemary, sage, fresh garlic, bread and eggs in a large bowl and mix thoroughly. Pack firmly into the prepared pan. Slam the pan openside down on a sheet pan. Pat and form into a meatloaf. Put in the oven and cook 45 minutes. Remove from the oven. Spread the remaining 1 cup tomato sauce evenly over the top of the loaf. Sprinkle the remaining 1 tablespoon rosemary over the loaf. Return to the oven until the meatloaf reaches an internal temperature of 155 degrees F, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside for 10 minutes. Slice and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds grassfed ground beef antibiotic and hormone free, 2 cups homemade or storebought tomato sauce, or ketchup, 1 cup finely diced celery, 1 cup finely diced onion, 12 cup finely diced red or green pepper, 12 cup molasses, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 2 tablespoons dried rosemary, 1 tablespoon dried sage, 4 cloves garlic, finely diced, 3 slices whole wheat bread moistened with water, 3 freerange natural eggs antibiotic and hormone free], title: Get Fresh Cafe Meatloaf, picturelink: xozwN3OkOCJflwtSw0yakv1bGEWZ4sm}, 22257: {instructions: Make vinaigrette whisk together balsamic vinegar, walnut oil, and 1 tablespoon olive oil set aside.nHeat oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove stems and leafy greens from tops of beets reserve greens, and discard stems. Rinse greens thoroughly and refrigerate. With a firm bristle vegetable brush or the back of a paring knife, scrub beets clean under cold running water. Place beets in a small roasting pan. Add the remaining1 tablespoon olive oil and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Add enough water to just cover the bottom, cover tightly. Roast for 20 minutes. Uncover and continue to cook until tender to the tip of a sharp knife, about 10 to 15 minutes.nSlice the onions in quarters lengthwise. In a large saute pan over medium low heat, add butter and onions, saute, about 5 to 7 minutes. Reduce heat to medium high and continue cooking until caramelized, about 5 minutes. Transfer the onions to a bowl and set aside.nRemove beet greens from refrigerator. Using the same pan over medium high heat, saute greens just until wilted, about 2 minutes. Transfer immediately to serving plate. Place onions over greens. Trim tails from beets and slice larger ones in half. Arrange over wilted greens with onions. Drizzle vinaigrette over beets and greens. Sprinkle with blue cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon walnut oil, 2 tablespoon olive oil, divided, 12 to 16 assorted variety of baby beets with greens attached, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 6 medium spring onions, cleaned and trimmed to 2inches, 1 tablespoon butter, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons 1 ounce blue cheese, crumbled], title: Beet and Spring Onion Quick Cook, picturelink: null}, 22258: {instructions: Special equipment: 3inch ring moldnCombine the salmon, chives, cornichons, dill, mustard, onions and lemon zest in a medium bowl and season with salt. Chill until ready to use.nPreheat a grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Rub the baguette slices with the garlic, and then drizzle with olive oil and season with salt. Grill the bread until toasted and slightly charred.nLightly dress the arugula with olive oil and season with salt.nFill the ring mold with the tartar, and then remove the mold. Garnish with the dressed arugula on top and serve with crostini., ingredients: [6 ounces salmon, cut into 14inch dice, 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cornichons, 1 tablespoon dill, fronds picked and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon finely chopped red onion, Zest of 1 lemon, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 12 baguette, cut on the bias into 12inchthick rounds, 1 clove garlic, peeled, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup baby arugula], title: Salmon Tartar, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 22259: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nButter a 6cup souffle or straightsided baking dish with 112 tablespoons butter. Dust the interior of the dish with the Parmesan and knock out the excess.nIn a large saucepan, melt the remaining butter over medium high heat. Stir in the flour and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly, until the butter and flour foam and froth. Remove the pan from the heat and beat in the hot milk, then simmer over medium heat and stir slowly until thick, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the seasonings, then the egg yolks, 1 by 1.nWhip the egg whites to stiff, shining peaks, then whisk 14 of them into the sauce to lighten it. Delicately fold the remaining egg whites into the sauce, alternating with the grated Swiss cheese.nTurn the souffle mixture into the prepared dish and set in the oven. Reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and bake until the souffle has puffed 1 or 2inches above the rim and has browned on top, about 25 to 30 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons softened butter, 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 cup hot milk, 14 teaspoon paprika, Pinch nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon white pepper, 4 egg yolks, 5 egg whites, 1 cup coarsely grated Swiss cheese], title: Cheese Souffle, picturelink: beRyaTQ5L.u9K7IBLRMh.db4YNwclGm}, 22260: {instructions: Pour the milk into a saucepan and scrape in the seeds from the vanilla pod. Add the pod to the pot, too, and judiciously grate in some nutmeg. Heat the milk to the boiling point. Remove from the heat, cover, and let sit 10 minutes to infuse.nMeanwhile, beat the egg yolks and sugar together in a bowl. When the milk has infused, whisk it into the eggs and return the whole thing to the saucepan. Place the pan back on the heat and whisk to thicken slightly, about 3 to 5 minutes. Do not allow the mixture to boil. Stir in the flower water, to taste. Strain the mixture into a jug, cool, and, chill., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 1 vanilla bean, split, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 4 egg yolks, 4 to 6 tablespoons sugar, Orange flower water or rum, to taste], title: Chicken Milk, picturelink: null}, 22261: {instructions: Cut avocados lengthwise, remove the seed, and scoop contents into a mixing bowl. Mash the avocados with a fork. Drain the liquid from the salsa and discard. Add to the avocados the salsa, lemon pepper, red pepper powder, and jalapeno. Mix together until all the ingredients are blended. Serve in a bowl with white corn tortilla chips., ingredients: [6 ripe Hass avocados, 1 cup chunky salsa, 12 teaspoon lemon pepper, 12 teaspoon red pepper powder, 12 teaspoon diced jalapeno, 1 large bag white corn tortilla chips], title: Guacamole Especial, picturelink: null}, 22262: {instructions: With a vegetable peeler remove zest in long pieces from 2 lemons. Squeeze 12 cup juice from lemons. In a small heavy saucepan heat and sugar, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Stir in zest and transfer syrup to a bowl to cool. Chill syrup, covered, until cold. Discard zest and stir in lemon juice.nFor easternSicilian granita: Freeze lemon mixture in an icecream maker until spoonable but not crumbly and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 to 3 large lemons, 1 cup filtered or bottled still water not distilled, 12 cup superfine granulated sugar], title: Lemon Granita, picturelink: null}, 22263: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nPulse the butter, 3 tablespoons sugar, the cocoa powder, breadcrumbs, egg yolk, cinnamon and flour in a food processor until smooth.nSpread the remaining 1 cup sugar on a clean surface. Unfold the puff pastry and set it on top of the sugar, pressing gently to coat. Flip and coat the other side, then roll out the sheet into a 13inch square.nDrop mounds of the cocoa mixture onto the puff pastry and spread in a thin, even layer. Using your fingers, roll 1 side of the pastry into the center, then roll the opposite side into the center to meet it. Trim the short ends with a knife. If the rolledup dough is soft, refrigerate until firm.nCut the dough roll crosswise into 12inchthick pieces and arrange cutside down, about 2 inches apart, on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until golden and crisp on the bottom, 4 to 6 minutes flip with a thin spatula, switch the position of the pans and continue baking until golden on the other side, 4 to 6 more minutes. Let cool 1 minute on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter,at room temperature, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs, 1 large egg yolk, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry half of a 17ounce box, thawed], title: Cocoa Palmiers, picturelink: FljQAtY4oK885T4jgcu33HWth1l.gu}, 22264: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Cut up butter into small pieces, and place in cast iron Dutch oven or skillet without the lid on. Place Dutch oven in hot oven. Prepare batter in a blender by placing eggs in and blending until foamy. Add milk, flour, salt and vanilla and blend until combined. When butter has fully melted in skillet, carefully remove hot Dutch oven from oven and swirl butter to coat pan. Quickly pour batter in skillet and place back in hot oven. Bake for about 25 minutes, or until puffed and lightly browned. Remove from oven and cut into wedges and place on serving plates. Cut tablespoon pats of butter, and place a pat on each serving. Cut lemon in half, and squeeze juice over wedges and sprinkle liberally with powdered sugar. Serve immediately. Yield: 4 servingsnHints for success: Make sure oven is preheated to correct temperature. Be very careful when taking the Dutch Oven out of the oven, it is very hot and you could burn yourself. When you squeeze lemons over the wedges of Dutch Baby, strain though a sieve to catch any seeds and pulp, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 large eggs, 34 cup milk, 34 cup flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla, Butter, 1 lemon, Powdered sugar], title: Dutch Baby, picturelink: null}, 22265: {instructions: Heat a large cast iron skillet over mediumhigh to high heat. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason the chicken with salt and lots of black pepper, to taste. Add 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil, to the hot skillet and brown the chicken, skin side down, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the chicken over and brown on the other side, about 3 to 4 minutes.nWhile chicken browns, combine the cabbage and onions in salad bowl. Put the vinegar, sugar, a teaspoon of salt, bay leaves, peppercorns and cloves in a medium pot over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then turn the heat down to a simmer and reduce the liquid by half, about 5 to 6 minutes. Strain and pour over the cabbage mixture. Drizzle with 14 cup of extravirgin olive oil and toss to coat.nMix together the mustard, red pepper, marjoram and rosemary leaves in a small bowl. Spread the mustard mixture over the skin side of the chicken. Arrange the chicken pieces in a roasting pan and pour in 1 cup of wine. Drizzle extravirgin olive oil over chicken and transfer to the pan to the oven. Roast the chicken for 12 to 15 minutes.nArrange the chicken on serving plates with the cabbage slaw and the hot vegetables alongside. Spoon the pan drippings over the top of the chicken and pass crusty bread at table., ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 8 pieces bonein, skinon chicken, 4 legs and 1 whole breast, quartered or 4 thighs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 medium red cabbage, shredded, 1 large red onion, quartered and thinly sliced, 34 cup white balsamic or white wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 2 bay leaves, 6 peppercorns, 2 cloves, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons dried marjoram or oregano, 2 sprigs rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups hot pickled vegetable salad recommended: Giardiniera, Crusty bread], title: Deviled Skillet Chicken and Pickled Cabbage and Red Onion Slaw, picturelink: null}, 22266: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill or grill pan to high. Coat the surface of the grill with oil or spray to avoid sticking. Place fruits cut side down on grill and cook 3 to 4 minutes until warmed through and evenly marked.nHeat the remaining ingredients for the glaze in small pot over mediumhigh heat or place on grill next to fruit. When the sauce reduces, it will become syruplike in no time  less than a minute. If you burn food often or get distracted easily, cook it over lower heat. Otherwise, let it rip. When the balsamic sauce coats the back of a spoon and reduces by half, remove the pan from the heat and discard the ginger chunk.nArrange fruits on a platter and drizzle liberally with the glaze., ingredients: [Oil, for rubbing grill or cooking spray to prepare surface of grill or grill pan, 6 pieces stone fruit, plums, peaches or nectarines, apricots cut around the pit and separated in halves, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 small, peeled chunk ginger root, 12inch, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon coarse black pepper], title: Grilled Stone Fruits with Balsamic and Black Pepper Syrup, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 22267: {instructions: Cook the lobsters for 10 to 12 minutes, or until the tail section reaches 175 degrees F. Pick meat from the claws, knuckles, and tails. Cut the meat into medium size chunks. Toast a hot dog roll on both sides. Add lettuce and lobster meat. Top with a dollop of mayonnaise., ingredients: [2 1pound lobsters, 4 to 6 hot dog rolls, 4 to 6 lettuce leaves, Mayonnaise], title: Lobster Roll, picturelink: null}, 22268: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nCombine cooked pasta with raisins, zest and melted butter and spread into a shallow buttered 2 quart baking dish.nBeat sugar into eggs and whisk in milk and orange juice and pour over pasta. Set baking pan in a bain marie and bake for about an hour or until set.nWhile this is baking saute the apples in 2 tablespoons butter. Add sugar and cinnamon and saute over low heat until apples are tender and caramelized.nRemove pasta pudding from oven and let set 10 minutes before serving serve topped with apples and a dusting of powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 cup tiny shaped pasta of choice or orzo, boiled and drained, 12 cup plumped up raisins, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 12 cup sugar, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups scalded milk, 1 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups peeled and cored apples, cut into 14inch dice, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, Pinch ground cinnamon, Powdered sugar for garnish], title: Pasta Raisins Pudding with Caramelized Apple Topping, picturelink: null}, 22269: {instructions: Prepare the couscous as the label directs. Cover and keep warm until ready to serve. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring occasionally, until the shrimp are pink, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon. Preheat the broiler. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet. Add the tomatoes, fennel and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 4 minutes. Add the wine and bring to a simmer, then add the chickpeas and 13 cup water cook, stirring occasionally, until the chickpeas are slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Return the shrimp to the skillet and add the scallions and 1 tablespoon dill. Top with the feta, transfer to the broiler and broil until golden, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon dill. Fluff the couscous with a fork and serve with the shrimp mixture.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 cup wholewheat couscous, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 2 medium plum tomatoes, diced, 1 small bulb fennel, halved, cored and sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 15ounce can nosaltadded chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 2 scallions, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese about 2 ounces], title: Greek Shrimp and Couscous, picturelink: D383zUzJRuXR5QImVIwmnHb5xHeCSMS}, 22270: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat oven to 350degrees and butter and flour an 8 by 2inch round cake pan. In a large bowl with an electric mixer, beat together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add remaining cake ingredients and beat on low speed until pale yellow, about 3 minutes. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake in middle of oven for 40 minutes, or until a tester comes out with a few crumbs adhering.nFor the Rosemary Syrup: In a small saucepan simmer all syrup ingredients except vanilla. Cool syrup 30 minutes and strain through a sieve into a 2cup measure. Add vanilla.nCool the cake in the pan on a rack 10 minutes. Invert cake onto hand and return, right side up, to a rack. While cake is still warm, gradually brush 13 cup syrup over it, allowing syrup to soak in before adding more. Chill remaining syrup in a small pitcher, covered. Syrupsoaked cake may be made 1 day ahead and kept wrapped in plastic wrap at room temperature.nServe the cake, cut into wedges, with whipped cream, blackberries and remaining Rosemary Syrup., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 23 cup milk, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup water, 13 cup fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon vanilla, Lightly sweetened whipped cream, 2 halfpints blackberries], title: Cornmeal Cake with Sweet Rosemary Syrup and Blackberries, picturelink: null}, 22271: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Cook the pasta in the boiling water according to the package directions do not overcook. Drain and rinse in cold water to cool. Toss in 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and set aside.nPut the chicken pieces in a large pot or Dutch oven and cover in the chicken broth. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and cook, covered, for 45 to 50 minutes.nRemove the chicken pieces from the pot, shred the meat and set aside. Discard the bones and skin. Skim the fat from the stock, then strain the stock and set aside.nIn a new pot, add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and saute the bell peppers, celery, jalapenos, onion and oregano over medium heat until the vegetables are tender and golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their liquid and the reserved chicken stock and shredded chicken. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Add the cooked pasta and cream and stir to combine. Turn off the heat.nServe with lots of Parmesan on the topthe more the betterand crusty Italian bread is good too., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ditalini pasta a very short macaronitype pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 fryer chicken, cut into pieces, 8 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 green bell peppers, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 2 fresh jalapenos, diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 cups heavy cream, Parmesan shavings, for serving, Crusty Italian bread, for serving], title: Italian Chicken Soup, picturelink: kPg2XfRWB06m4nKBx1HuvNK1Sjsq3A.}, 22272: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Make the broth: Combine the turmeric, ginger, cinnamon, saffron and 12 teaspoon pepper in a medium saucepan over medium heat toast, stirring, 1 minute. Add 2 12 cups water, the vegetable juice and harissa. Bring to a simmer and cook until slightly reduced, about 15 minutes remove from the heat.nPrepare the vegetables: Combine the squash, turnips, celery, onion and raisins in a bowl season with salt. Add 1 cup of the broth and half each of the cilantro and parsley stir. Set aside the remaining broth.nTear off four 16inch sheets of parchment paper. Make the packets see photo gallery: Arrange about onequarter of the vegetable mixture on one sheet of parchment along with some of the liquid from the bowl. Top with 2 shiitakes, 2 bell pepper halves, 2 lemon pieces and 1 tablespoon butter. Seal as directed. Repeat to make 3 more packets divide between 2 baking sheets.nTransfer to the oven and bake until the parchment puffs and the vegetables are tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes before opening.nMeanwhile, prepare the couscous as the label directs fluff with a fork. Bring the remaining broth to a simmer stir in the remaining cilantro and parsley. Carefully open the packets add the couscous, drizzle with the broth and season with salt. Photograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of saffron threads, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups lowsodium vegetable juice, 2 teaspoons harissa or 12 red jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 1 14 pounds kabocha or butternut squash about 12 large, peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes about 4 cups, 2 bunches baby turnips about 12, trimmed and halved, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 1 onion, cut into thin wedges, 12 cup raisins, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 8 shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, 4 baby bell peppers, halved lengthwise, 4 thin slices lemon, halved, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup couscous], title: Moroccan Vegetable Packets, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 22273: {instructions: In a mediumhot saucepan, add 1 tablespoon butter and saute garlic and shallots. Add mushrooms and saute. Season. Deglaze with red wine and reduce by 80 percent. Add veal or chicken stock, soy and thyme. Simmer mushrooms for 15 to 20 minutes. Add the other tablespoon of butter and check for seasoning. Right before serving add the spinach to wilt and the truffle oil. Check for seasoning.nPLATING Slice the beef into 6 slices. Spoon a mound of ragout on a plate and top with slices. Garnish with chives and truffle oil.nWine Suggestion: 1. Ravenswood, Big River Zinfandel, Alexander Valley, 1997 2. Veuve Cliquot Ponsardin Champagne, ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 4 sliced shallots, 1 cup chanterelles, 1 cup small shiitake caps, 2 cups quartered button or cremini mushrooms, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup veal demiglace or chicken stock with 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 4 cups spinach chiffonade, 1 tablespoon white truffle oil plus extra for garnish, 14 cup chive batons, for garnish], title: Truffled Mushroom and Spinach Ragout, picturelink: null}, 22274: {instructions: Cut 1 onion into chunks and the other into dice. Puree 6 of the garlic cloves and keep the remaining 5 whole. Place the cinnamon sticks, whole cloves, onion chunks and whole garlic cloves in the center of a medium square of cheesecloth. Tie the ends together to form a package. Place the fresh thyme in another square of cheesecloth and tie the ends together to enclose. In a large saucepan or stockpot, combine vegetable stock or water and the spice and herb packages, or dried thyme. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, for thirty minutes. Stir in lentils and continue cooking until they are cooked through but still firm, about 15 minutes. Strain the lentils, reserving the liquid and thyme bundle. In separate saucepan heat olive oil or butter over medium heat. Add onions and saute until lightly browned, about 15 minutes. Add plantains, carrots and salt. Reduce heat to mediumlow and continue cooking until the plantains are soft and golden, about 15 minutes. Stir in the pureed garlic and allspice and cook for 5 minutes longer, being careful not to scorch the garlic. Add the lentils, their reserved liquid and the thyme bundle. Bring to a simmer and cook another 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, and remove the thyme bundle. Stir in half of the chopped cilantro. Ladle into bowls and garnish with the remaining chopped cilantro., ingredients: [2 large onions, 11 garlic cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 6 whole cloves, 1 bunch fresh thyme or 1 tablespoon dried, 1 gallon vegetable stock, recipe above, 3 cups lentils, washed and picked over, 6 tablespoons olive oil or unsalted butter, 2 ripe plantains or bananas, peeled, cut in half and diced, 3 medium carrots, peeled, cut into quarters lengthwise and sliced in 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 12 bunches cilantro, leaves and stems, chopped], title: Lentil Soup with Plantains, picturelink: null}, 22275: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and season generously with salt. Boil the pasta until al dente, tender but still firm.nWhile the pasta cooks, make the clam sauce. Heat olive oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add garlic and cook until soft but not brown, about 3 minutes. Add red pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds more. Add wine and water increase heat to high. Add clams, cover, and cook, shaking pan periodically, until all clams are opened, about 6 to 8 minutes.nDrain pasta and transfer to a large serving bowl. Toss with remaining 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, if desired. Pour clam sauce over pasta, add parsley, and toss. Season with salt, to taste. Divide among heated bowls and serve immediately, garnished with Fried Zucchini Coins, if desired.nLine a dish with paper towels and set aside.nWhisk cornmeal, flour, basil, salt, cayenne, and a few grinds of pepper in a bowl. Beat eggs in another bowl.nHeat 14inch vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat until hot but not smoking.nWorking in small batches, toss zucchini in egg and shake off excess Dredge in cornmeal mixture. Add zucchini to oil, and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Remove with a slotted spoon to prepared plate. Season with salt, cool slightly and serve., ingredients: [1 pound dry linguini, Kosher salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons more, 5 cloves finely chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 34 cup dry white wine, 14 cup water, 36 littleneck clams, 3 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Fried Zucchini coins, for garnish, recipe follows, 12 cup cornmeal, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus for seasoning, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, slightly beaten, Vegetable oil, for shallow frying, 2 small zucchini, sliced into 18 to 14inch thick coins], title: Linguini with White Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 22276: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring salted water to a boil. Blanch the peas in the boiling water until they are just tender and bright green, about 2 minutes. Refresh immediately by plunging them into a bowl of cold water. Drain and reserve the peas.nIn a small pan, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over medium heat. Add the onion, and cook until soft, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together the mustard, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, vinegar and honey, and season with salt and black pepper, to taste.nIn a large salad bowl, mix the peas, onions, pistachios, and pour over the dressing. Add the mint and snow pea leaves, and gently toss to coat with dressing. Top the salad with the feta cheese just before serving., ingredients: [7 ounces fresh shelled peas, Water, as needed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, finely diced, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 14 ounces shelled pistachio nuts, coarsely chopped, 1 large handful fresh mint leaves, 1 34 ounces snow pea leaves or baby English spinach, 2 34 ounces Feta cheese, crumbled], title: Pea, Feta and Mint Salad, picturelink: null}, 22277: {instructions: On a floured surface, roll the pastry out a bit to even out the any folds and make it a touch thinner. Cut a 10inch circle of dough from it, prick it, and keep it chilled.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace a heavy 9 or 10inch metal cake pan on the stove on a large burner and turn the heat onto medium. Add the butter and warm to melt it. Add the maple syrup and vanilla bean and bring to a boil stirring a bit. Remove the vanilla bean. Take the pan off the heat and place the banana slices in the pan decoratively in concentric circles to cover the whole bottom of the pan. Place the pastry over the bananas to cover them, tucking the pastry down along the inside of the pan. Later, during baking, the pastry will shrink to fit the pan.nBake for 20 to 25 minutes until the pastry is golden brown. Let cool in the pan 30 minutes then warm the bottom of the pan on the stove for a minute and turn the tart out onto a serving platter., ingredients: [1 sheet about 7 ounces frozen puff pastry, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup maple syrup, 12 vanilla bean, split, 2 to 3 bananas, thickly sliced], title: Banana Maple Tart Tatin, picturelink: 0J1vVsRUBXlU18O4A4XRuRAdv7noLtW}, 22278: {instructions: Combine stock and wine in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce to simmer. Add 2 teaspoons of sesame oil and blend well. Taste for seasoning the stock should be quite salty.nAdd the chicken breasts, and simmer slowly for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let the breasts continue to cook in the warm stock. Check frequently the breasts are ready when they are just past pink on the inside.nRemove from stock and cut into broad, thin slices. Let cool.nTo prepare the mayonnaise, place egg yolks, mustard and lemon juice in the bowl of a food processor. Blend quickly. With the motor running, begin adding the sunflower oil drop by drop. After 13 of the oil is added, continue adding in a thin stream and add the remaining 2 teaspoons of sesame oil. Taste for seasoning.nIn a bowl, combine the chicken and the mayonnaise. Reserve in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nPlace 2 tablespoons sesame seeds in a small roasting pan. Place under a hot broiler for 2 to 3 minutes, or until golden brown.nGarnish chicken with sesame seeds.nSuggested drink: Hidalalgo Manzanilla, La GitananRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [2 cups chicken stock, 23 cup fruity white wine, 4 teaspoons sesame oil, 24 ounces boned and skinned chicken breast, 3 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon mustard, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 cup sunflower oil, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds], title: Chicken with Sesame Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 22279: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F Butter a 1 12 quart charlotte mold, and line with parchment paper. In a small bowl, combine raisins and rum. Set aside.nDrizzle apples with lemon juice. Sprinkle with sugar, and toss to combine. In a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon butter. Add apples, and cook, stirring, until soft and golden brown, about 10 minutes. Stir in orange zest, apricot jam, honey, and rumraisins mixture. Set aside.nIn a large skillet, heat 2 12 tablespoons butter. Add half of the brioche. Cook until golden brown, about 1 minute per side. Repeat with remaining butter and brioche.nLine buttered charlotte mold with brioche, trimming as necessary to fit. The sides and bottom of the mold should be completely covered.nFill mold with apple mixture. Top with remaining brioche, and cover with parchment paper and aluminum foil.nTransfer to a roasting pan. Add enough hot water to come halfway up the sides of the charlotte mold. Bake for 40 minutes. Remove from oven, and let stand for 15 minutes before inverting onto a serving plate. Serve with sabayon.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, combine sugar and 14 cup water. Cook, brushing down the sides of the saucepan with a pastry brush dipped in water, until it reaches 290 degrees on a candy thermometer, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine eggs and egg yolk. Beat until fluffy. Slowly pour the hot sugar mixture into the beaten eggs, and continue mixing until the mixture is cool to the touch.nFold whipped heavy cream into egg mixture, and stir in Calvados. Serve immediately.nYield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for mold, 14 cup golden raisins, 1 tablespoon rum, 2 pounds Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 18ths, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 cup sugar, 1 orange, zest, 14 cup apricot jam, strained, 2 tablespoons honey, 7 to 8 14inchthick slices brioche crusts removed, Sabayon, recipe follows, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped, 1 tablespoon Calvados], title: Apple Charlotte, picturelink: null}, 22280: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, mix together salt, sugar, brown sugar and peppercorns. Spread extrawide aluminum foil a little longer than the length of the fish and top with an equally long layer of plastic wrap. Sprinkle 13 of the rub onto the plastic. Lay 1 side of the fish skin down onto the rub. Sprinkle 13 of the rub onto the flesh of the salmon. Place second side of salmon, flesh down onto the first side. Use the remaining rub to cover the skin on the top piece. Fold plastic over to cover then close edges of foil together and crimp tightly around the fish. Place wrapped fish onto a plank or sheet pan and top with another plank or pan. Weigh with a heavy phone book or a brick or two and refrigerate for 12 hours. Flip the fish over and refrigerate another 12 hours. Some juice will leak out during the process so make sure theres a place for the runoff to gather. Unwrap fish and rinse off the cure with cold water. Pat salmon with paper towels then place in a cool, dry place not the refrigerator until the surface of the fish is dry and mattelike, 1 to 3 hours depending on humidity. A fan may be used to speed the process. Smoke fish see Note over smoldering hardwood chips or sawdust, keeping the temperature inside the smoker between 150 degrees F and 160 degrees F until the thickest part of the fish registers 150 degrees. Serve immediately or cool to room temperature, wrap tightly and refrigerate for up to 3 days. Cooks Note: Trout, mackerel, and bluefish also smoke well., ingredients: [1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon crushed black peppercorns, 2 large salmon fillets or sides, pin bones removed], title: Smoked Salmon, picturelink: LwsLJzp9op28qbjnr52eYr9V5WqtMPy}, 22281: {instructions: Melt butter in a large pot, pour in uncooked rice and cook for 2 minutes. Add saffron, if using and pour in wine until wine evaporates. Begin stirring in boiling water until rice is tender. Cook rice uncovered. Add salt and pepper, to taste. When rice is cooked take off heat, mix in cheese and 2 eggs. Place in refrigerator, covered, for 2 hours or overnight. Rice must be chilled.nIn a large frying pan over medium heat add oil, saute onions and the chopped garlic for 2 minutes, add in the beef and pork, and brown. Remove excess grease. Add in basil, tomato paste, tomato sauce , water, and sugar until it all becomes thick in texture. Add peas while still warm, take off heat and set aside. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nTake 2 tablespoons of the rice mixture, place in hand and form a small cup.nPlace 12 teaspoon of the meat mixture to center of the rice cup, add 1 teaspoon of the rice over the meat mixture and roll in a ball. Roll the rice ball in the remaining eggs and then roll that into the bread crumbs. Heat vegetable oil to 360 degrees F. Deepfry rice balls until browned, place on a paper towel lined plate or dish.nBefore serving garnish with cheese andor the extra sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup Italian rice, Pinch saffron, optional, 13 cup dry white wine, Salt and pepper, 1 cup grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, 5 large eggs, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 pound ground lean beef, 12 pound ground pork, 5 large fresh sweet basil leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 4 ounces tomato sauce, 2 12 cups boiling water, for rice, plus 12 cup water, for sauce, 1 teaspoons sugar, 14 cup frozen or fresh peas, 1 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 2 cups vegetable oil], title: Rice Balls, picturelink: 4ye77ID1vHb4E6pyWwkAo.cWFNCq}, 22282: {instructions: Line a sheet pan with parchment paper or foil. Spray with nonstick cooking spray.nJust before you make the caramel, core and cut pears into eight wedges, blunting the cut side so that it can lay on a flat surface peel side up. Place a skewer into each wedge, cover with paper towel, and set aside.nCombine sugars, corn syrup, butter, 12 cup heavy cream, vanilla and nutmeg in a heavy sauce pot. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. When the mixture has come to a brisk boil, slowly add in the remaining cream, keep the mixture boiling. Be sure to wipe any extra sugar from the side of the pot. Clip a candy thermometer to the side of the pot with the tip immersed. Boil the mixture briskly, stirring gently, until the mixture registers 240 degrees F on the candy thermometer, about 10 minutes. Immediately remove from the heat. Pour the caramel into a medium heat proof bowl using a rubber spatula so that you do not scrape the bottom of the pot. Let caramel rest until it thickens and cools slightly, about 3 minutes.nBlot excess moisture from the pears using the paper towels. Dip pears completely into caramel, swirling until it is fully coated, allow excess to drip off slightly. Place on prepared sheet pan. Decorate with black sesame seeds for eyes and candy button noses, while the caramel is still soft. Repeat until all the pears are dipped. Allow to cool until firm about 30 minutes. Serve.nHalloween Web 2008, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 4 small ripe pears, such as Anjou or Forelle about 2 pounds, 36 6inch wooden skewers, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 34 cup dark corn syrup, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, divided, 12 vanilla bean or 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, Pinch salt, Black sesame seeds for eyes, Pink or yellow candy buttons, for decoration nose], title: Caramel Pear Mice, picturelink: n3xyCo3Nf0aR1ZQmQhA84BJuAEWnrK}, 22283: {instructions: Using a large knife, carefully scrape the kernels off the corn cobs and set aside, reserving the cobs.nUsing a food processor fitted with the steel blade, or a large knife, coarsely chop the garlic, onion, jalapeno pepper and corn kernels. Reserve.nIn a large soup pot, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat and sear the chicken until just browned on both sides. Add the tortilla squares, and cook over low heat until they are slightly crisp. Stir in the chopped vegetable mixture and pasilla pepper and simmer just until the vegetables are coated with the oil. Do not brown.nAdd the tomatoes, tomato paste and 2 teaspoons of the cumin and continue to simmer for about 10 minutes to maximize the flavor. Slowly pour in the stock and cook over low heat until the soup is reduced by 13 and the chicken breast is cooked through.nRemove the chicken breast and set aside. When cool enough to handle, slice chicken into very thin strips. Meanwhile, puree the soup, in batches, in a blender or food processor until smooth. At this point, the soup can be passed through the fine strainer if desired.nLadle the soup into soup bowls and garnish with tortillas, avocados, chicken, cheese, and cilantro.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [2 ears fresh corn, husks removed, 4 or 5 large garlic cloves, peeled, 1 small onion about 3 ounces, peeled, trimmed and quartered, 1 small jalapeno pepper, trimmed and seeded, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 1 large boneless skinless chicken breast, 2 corn tortillas, cut into 1inch squares, 1 pasilla chile pepper, soaked in water, 2 large ripe tomatoes 1 pound, peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 to 3 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 quarts chicken stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 corn tortillas, cut into strips and baked to crispness, 1 ripe avocado, diced, 12 cup grated Cheddar, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Tortilla Soup, picturelink: null}, 22284: {instructions: Cook beef and onion in large saucepan over mediumhigh heat 5 minutes or until beef is crumbled and no longer pink, stirring occasionally drain. Stir in seasoning mix. Add remaining ingredients bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium simmer 10 minutes, stirring several times. This recipe was shared by Hunts., ingredients: [1 pound ground chuck beef 80 lean, u00be cup chopped yellow onion, 1 pkg 1.25 oz each chili seasoning mix, 1 can 16 oz each beans in chili seasoned sauce, undrained, 1 can 14.5 oz each Huntsu00ae Diced Tomatoes, undrained, 1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Original Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, undrained, 1 can 8 oz each or 1 cup Huntsu00ae Tomato Sauce, 1 cup water], title: 30Minute Chili, picturelink: 5rgfWlDgKOC9ElKDyLWGDOIInHrdhq}, 22285: {instructions: Cook the onions slowly with the butter and oil in a heavybottomed, 4quart covered saucepan for 15 minutes. Uncover, raise heat to moderate, and stir in the salt and sugar. Cook for 30 to 40 minutes stirring frequently, until the onions have turned an even, deep, golden brown. Sprinkle in the flour and stir for 3 minutes. Off heat, blend in the boiling beef stock. Add the wine, and season to taste. Simmer partially covered for 30 to 40 minutes or more, skimming occasionally. Correct seasoning. Set aside uncovered until ready to serve. Then reheat to the simmer. Just before serving, stir in the cognac. Pour into a soup tureen or soup cups over the rounds of bread, and pass the cheese separately., ingredients: [6 cups of thinly sliced yellow onions, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon sugar helps the onions to brown, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 quarts boiling beef stock, 12 cup dry white wine or dry white vermouth, Salt and pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons cognac, Rounds of hardtoasted French bread, 1 to 2 cups grated Swiss, Gruyere, or Parmesan cheese], title: Soupe A lOignon, picturelink: null}, 22286: {instructions: Stand one of the mangos upright with the narrow end facing you. Slice off the cheeks on either side of the stone and slice these in half lengthwise. Cut around the stone to take off as much flesh as possible, capturing all the running juices in a bowl.nRemove the skin by peeling or cutting the fruit carefully off it. Repeat with the other mango. Discard the skin and puree the flesh and juice in a food processor or blender.nAdd the milk and sugar, and combine until it becomes a thick smooth mass. Transfer the liquid to a pitcher and chill the mixture until ready to drink. Add the ice cubes to the pitcher and serve straight from the refrigerator. A little goes a long way, so serve in small glasses., ingredients: [2 Indian Alphonso mango or canned pureed mangos, 10 ounces cold milk, 1 12 to 2 tablespoons sugar, or to taste, according to the size and sweetness of the mangos, Ice cubes, to serve], title: Mango Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 22287: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 ovenproof 6ounce tea or coffee cupsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter 2 ovenproof 6ounce tea or coffee cups. Tear a loosely packed 12 cup of the croissant pieces into slightly smaller pieces, and toss them with the melted butter in a small bowl set aside.nWhisk the egg with 2 tablespoons of the sugar in a medium bowl until the sugar is dissolved. Whisk in the halfandhalf and vanilla. Stir in the remaining 1inch croissant pieces and the caramels, and let the mixture sit, folding occasionally, for about 15 minutes. Dont worry if the mixture seems too wet the excess moisture will be absorbed as the pudding bakes.nDivide the soaked bread mixture between the prepared cups. Top each with half the buttered croissant pieces, and sprinkle with 14 teaspoon of the remaining sugar. Bake until the bread pudding puffs above the rim of the cups and is set, about 30 minutes. Let cool a few minutes the pudding will sink, and serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more butter for greasing the cups, 2 croissants about 2 ounces each, torn into 1inch pieces, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons plus 12 teaspoon sugar, 34 cup halfandhalf, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 soft caramel candies, chopped], title: Caramel Bread Pudding for Two, picturelink: oUzScdahefz751IEk925gKNzeqIAOFG}, 22288: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnPreheat your grill to mediumhigh direct heat.nTrim the asparagus of the woody ends. Place on a sheet tray and drizzle with olive oil. Season with freshly ground black pepper and salt.nWrap bacon slices around each asparagus spear. Skewer both ends of asparagus on each side to secure the bacon. Add 3 to 4 asparagus to each skewer.nGrill skewers on direct heat until the asparagus is tender and the bacon is crisp about 15 minutes halfway through the grilling flip the asparagus. Transfer to a platter, remove the skewers and serve., ingredients: [1 pound medium asparagus, Extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, Salt, 1 pound hickory smoked bacon do not use thick cut], title: Pats Bacon Wrapped Asparagus, picturelink: svqDTzCFG.K2lpWd.u.JX8KqAMsyfua}, 22289: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Mix in the vanilla, lime juice, and lime zest. Add the eggs 1 at a time, and incorporate well. Combine bread crumbs, flour, all the spices, baking powder, and salt. Combine rum and port. Add flour mixture alternately with rumport mixture into the batter. Fold in the chopped marinated fruit.nPrepare 1 9inch cake pan or 2 spring form pans by lining bottom and sides with parchment paper. Fill the pan 34 of the way and bake until a skewer comes out of the center of the cake clean, about 1 hour and 10 minutes.nPut raisins, prunes, cinnamon sticks, and vanilla beans in a glass jar and cover with mixture of equal parts Jamaican white rum, Jamaican spiced rum, and Port. Cover with a tight fitting lid, label, and date the jar. Put in a cool, dry cupboard. From time to time, check the fruits to see if more liquor is needed, as the fruits will plump and soak up the liquid.nKeep the fruit covered in liquor. It is best to allow the fruit to marinate for at least 1 month for best flavor., ingredients: [12 pound unsalted butter, 12 pound light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 6 eggs, 6 ounces fresh bread crumbs, 6 ounces flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup rum, 1 pint Port, 4 cups mixed marinated fruit, recipe follows, squeezed and finely chopped, 1 pound black raisins, 1 pound golden raisins, 1 pound prunes, cut in quarters or eighths, depending on size, 4 cinnamon sticks, 2 vanilla beans, split, Jamaican white rum, Jamaican spiced rum, Port], title: Christmas Cake, picturelink: null}, 22290: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil and meat and season with salt and pepper. Brown and crumble beef. Add Worcestershire, onion, garlic, chili powder and cook together 5 minutes. Add tomato sauce and reduce heat to low.nMeanwhile, boil franks in shallow pan to warm through, 5 minutes. Drain water and return pan to medium heat. Score casings on dogs. Melt butter in skillet and hot sauce. Add dogs to pan, browning and crisping the casings in hot sauce and butter.nHeat broiler.nPlace devilish dogs in buns and top with chili and lots of cheese. Place devilish dogs under broiler and melt cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 pound ground sirloin, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce  eyeball it, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chili powder, a palmful, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 8 fat or footlong beef franks, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 8 hot dog buns, toasted, 2 cups shredded Cheddar, 1 10ounce sack], title: Devilish ChiliCheese Dogs, picturelink: null}, 22291: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the miso, mirin, vinegar, soy sauce, green onions, ginger, and sesame oil in a small bowl. Place the salmon in a baking dish, pour the marinade over, and turn to coat. Cover and marinate for 30 minutes in the refrigerator.nHeat grill to high. Remove the fish from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Grill the salmon, skin side down, with the cover closed, until golden brown and a crust has formed, about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the salmon over and continue grilling for 3 to 4 minutes for medium doneness. Drizzle with a little yuzu juice, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [14 cup white miso fermented soybean paste, 14 cup mirin, 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar, 2 to 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons minced green onions, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 4 salmon fillets, 8 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Yuzu juice, for drizzling, optional], title: MisoGinger Marinated Grilled Salmon, picturelink: 9DHUDqSgXBiPnSEyVe5CTG8dmXchAK}, 22292: {instructions: For the pulled pork: In a small bowl, mix together the cumin, coriander, salt and oregano. Rub the spice mixture all over the pork roast.nHeat the olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork roast and brown on all sides, about 3 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, in a 3 12quart slow cooker, combine the onion, garlic, chipotle and adobo sauce, beer, and orange zest. Add the browned roast along with any pan juices. Cover and cook on low for 8 hours or on high for 6 hours.nWhen the pork is cooked and fork tender, shred it using two forks. Add the shredded meat back to the slow cooker and toss with the onions and cooking juices. Keep warm in the slow cooker for people to help themselves and assemble the tacos with all the garnishes., ingredients: [2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 pounds pork shoulder roast, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 chipotle in adobo plus 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, 12 cup beer, such as Modelo Especial, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest 12 orange, 12 flour tortillas, 8 radishes, thinly sliced, 1 small head savoy cabbage, thinly sliced, 12 cup cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 12 cup sour cream, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 avocado, diced, 3 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 3 limes, cut into wedges], title: Pulled Pork Tacos, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 22293: {instructions: For the Ham: Put water in a pot and cover, bring to a boil. Take the foam off the top. Let simmer for 4 hours. Let ham sit in broth over night, covered in refrigerator. For the Mustard Mix:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Whisk ingredients well and brush the mix on the ham. Bake the ham for 30 minutes or until the mustard crust is golden brown., ingredients: [1 lightly salted ham, approximately 4 pounds, 2 bay leaves, 2 carrots, 2 onions, 2 juniper berries, 2 cloves, 1 tablespoons dried thyme, 3 cup bread crumbs, 1 cup syrup, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon ginger powder, 2 pounds mustard, 1 tablespoon Garam Masala], title: Christmas Ham with Mustard Mix, picturelink: null}, 22294: {instructions: Duck is notoriously a fatty bird, to diminish the fat and produce a crispy skin, begin by trimming the excess fat from the neck and body. Rinse the duck, inside and out, and pat dry thoroughly with paper towels. Combine the Chinese fivespice, sugar, and salt in a small bowl. Rub the spice mixture all over the duck, inside and out. Salt and fivespice powder makes a fragrant dry marinade, which draws some of the moisture from the duck so that the spices penetrate. Stuff the duck cavity with the aromatics: the ginger, garlic, green onions, and tangerine peel. Fold the wing tips back under the duck and tie the legs together with kitchen string. Poke the duck breast a few times, piercing the skin.nPlace a roasting pan on the stovetop over 2 burners and fill with 2inches of water, turn the heat to medium. Set a Vrack insert inside the pan and lay the duck on the rack, breastside up. Cover tightly with aluminum foil. Steam the duck for 45 minutes, checking the water level periodically. Steaming the duck first melts away some of the fat and shrinks the skin.nIn a small saucepan combine the vinegar, honey, and soy sauce over low heat. Cook and stir for 5 minutes until thick. The duck will be lacquered with the sweet glaze, which caramelizes during roasting, making the skin crisp and brown.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTake the foil off the duck, remove the rack with the duck, and pour out the water and all the fat that has rendered out this is great to use in other dishes like fried rice. Put the rack with the duck back inside the roasting pan. Baste the duck with the vinegar mixture, until all the skin is completely coated in the glaze. Stick the whole thing in the oven. Roast the duck for 1 hour, basting periodically with any remaining glaze to set in a deep mahogany color. Tent the breast with some foil if it gets too dark. The legs will wiggle easily when its done. Carve and serve., ingredients: [1 whole 4 to 5 pound duck, 1 tablespoon Chinese fivespice powder, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 5 big slices fresh ginger, 4 garlic cloves, 12 bunch green onions, 1 tangerine,peel cut in big strips, 14 cup rice vinegar, 12 cup honey, 12 cup soy sauce], title: Chinatown Steamed and Roasted Duck, picturelink: null}, 22295: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the oats into a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Add flour, salt, pepper, rosemary, baking powder, and butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add milk and pulse until a dough forms about 15 seconds. On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 18inch thick about a 13inch round and cut out about 60 square oatcakes. Arrange oatcakes on baking sheets 1inch apart and bake in middle of oven 12 to 15 minutes, or until lightly brown on the bottom. Transfer oatcakes to a rack and cool completely., ingredients: [2 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon chopped rosemary leaves, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 stick 14 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk], title: Peppered Rosemary Oat Crackers, picturelink: P0UGbo235hk7q8Y3ykZFKOMxlljJI4O}, 22296: {instructions: Heat some groundnut oil in a large wok over high heat. Add the fish to the wok, pressing lightly on the fillets as they cook. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the heat down to medium.nTurn the fish over and sprinkle the garlic, ginger and chile over the fillets. Cook for a further 3 to 4 minutes, depending on the size of the fillet, until the flesh has turned opaque and flakes when poked at with a fork or a pair of chopsticks.nSeason the fish with the soy sauce and sesame oil. Add the spring onion strips and chopped cilantro and cook until the herbs have wilted slightly.nTo serve, garnish the fillets with the wilted herbs and serve immediately with the steamed vegetables or the scented rice and noodles if using., ingredients: [3 tablespoons groundnut oil, 2 12ounce monkfish fillets or 2 cod fillets, washed, seasoned with salt and pepper and cut into 6 smaller fillets, 4 cloves garlic, crushed and finely chopped, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped, 1 medium red chile, seeded and finely chopped, 4 to 5 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 2 spring onions green, sliced into thin strips, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Serving suggestion: Steamed asparagus and broccoli florets, scented rice and dressed whole wheat noodles], title: WokCooked Monkfish with Sesame Soy Sauce, picturelink: null}, 22297: {instructions: Cook the potatoes and mixed vegetables in a pan of boiling water for 15 to 20 minutes. When theyre cooked right through, drain and put aside.nHeat a glug of olive oil and half the butter in a large frying pan and add the chestnuts. When they start to sizzle, add the potatoes and vegetables. Mash the vegetables up in the pan, then pat the mixture into a thick pancake shape. Fry on a medium heat for about 12 an hour, checking it every 5 minutes. When the bottom turns golden, flip it over bit by bit and mash it back into itself. Pat it out flat again and continue cooking until really crisp all over.nPreheat the oven and a roasting pan to 425 degrees F.nUnravel the pork sausage links and squeeze the filling between them until all 6 sausages are joined together. Do the same to your venison or beef sausages. Pat them to flatten them a bit. Drizzle with olive oil and massage this into your 2 long sausages. Sprinkle over a pinch of pepper, the rosemary and some nutmeg. Put 1sausage on top of the other and roll them up like a licorice wheel Poke 2 skewers through, in a cross shape, to hold the sausages together.nTake the preheated roasting pan from the oven. Drizzle in some olive oil and add the onions. Season, add the remaining butter and stir. Place the sausage wheel on the onions and stick the bay leaves between the sausages. Drizzle with some more oil and roast in the preheated oven for around 40 minutes, or until golden and crisp. When your sausages and onions are done, your bubble and squeak should be ready too. If it still hasnt browned, put it under a hot broiler for 5 minutes.nRemove the sausages to a plate and place the pan with the onions on the stove top. Whack the heat up to full and stir in the flour, balsamic vinegar and stock. Bring to the boil and leave to thicken to a nice gravy consistency, stirring every now and then, and season to taste. Remove the skewers and cut the sausages into wedges. Serve the bubble and squeak with a good portion of sausage, a spoonful of onion gravy and perhaps some lovely dressed watercress.nOur agreement with the producers of Jamie at Home only permit us to make 2 recipes per episode available online. Food Network regrets the inconvenience to our viewers and foodnetwork.com users, ingredients: [1 12 pounds allpurpose potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 14 pounds mixed winter vegetables such as carrots, Brussels sprouts, rutabagas, turnips, onions, leeks or savoy cabbage, peeled or trimmed and chopped into equalsized chunks, Olive oil, 2 knobs butter, divided, 1 7ounce package vacuum packed chestnuts, 6 good quality pork sausages, linked together, 6 good quality venison or beef sausages, linked together, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Small bunch fresh rosemary, leaves picked and finely chopped, Nutmeg, for grating, 3 red onions, peeled and finely sliced, Few bay leaves, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon goodquality vegetable or chicken stock], title: Bubble and Squeak with Sausages and Onion Gravy, picturelink: RPDDmd97ns.oRzzepHrAMNYveir9s4i}, 22298: {instructions: Red wine reduction: Put all ingredients in a wide shallow pan and bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat. Slowly reduce until concentrated and thick.nSalad: Bring a small pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the asparagus, blanch for just 1 minute and then drain. Heat a large saute pan over medium heat and add olive oil. Stir in the shallots and cook until they begin to turn translucent. Add the asparagus and cook until heated through. Stir in the lemon zest and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSalmon: Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. Season the salmon fillets with salt and pepper, to taste, and sear until almost cooked through, about 7 minutes. Turn the fillets over and cook them for 2 minutes more.nWatercress puree: Add all the ingredients into a blender and puree until smooth. Taste and adjust seasoning.nArrange the salmon on a serving platter and garnish with the wine reduction and watercress puree. Serve the salad alongside or in a separate bowl., ingredients: [4 cups dry red wine, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 sprig rosemary, 4 sprigs thyme, 4 stems basil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch fresh green asparagus, trimmed and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 shallots, cut into 14inch rings, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch watercress, washed and stems removed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 sprig basil, leaves only, Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pan Seared Salmon with Asparagus Lemon Salad, Red Wine Reduction and Watercress Puree, picturelink: 7QYLowx138JP5BqUK704VlrIzrxZ2}, 22299: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 22300: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a saute pan to medium heat. Add the oil and saute the onions, garlic and oregano until the onions are slightly caramelized. Set aside to cool.nIn large bowl, mix the chilled tomato sauce with the bread. Add the ground beef, sausage, Parmesan, parsley, provolone, tomato paste, ham, mortadella, salami, raw eggs, hardboiled eggs and the onion mixture and mix well.nForm 3ounce meatballs and place them on a nonstick baking sheet, or a baking sheet lined with parchment paper or a baking mat. Bake until the meatballs are cooked through, 18 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces small onion, diced, 1 ounce fresh garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 cup chilled tomato sauce, 6 pieces white bread, crusts removed, diced, 2 12 pounds ground beef, 1 pound sweet sausage, 4 12 ounces grated Parmesan, 4 ounces fresh curly parsley, chopped, 4 ounces provolone, small diced, 3 ounces tomato paste, 2 ounces ham, small diced, 2 ounces mortadella, small diced, 2 ounces salami, small diced, 3 eggs raw, 2 hardboiled eggs, chopped], title: Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 22301: {instructions: In a large Dutch oven, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the beef and chorizo and smoosh down. Start breaking up the chunks with a wooden spoon and let sear until the beef is no longer pink, about 5 minutes.nRemove the meat from the pot and leave the fat. Then add the onions, chili powder, cumin, paprika and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the onions are soft, 7 to 8 minutes. Deglaze with the beer. Cook until the alcohol smell subsides, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the hot sauce, tomatoes, stock and the reserved meat. Simmer until thickened, stirring frequently, about 20 minutes. Adjust seasoning., ingredients: [1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 12pounds ground sirloin, 1 pound Mexicanstyle chorizo, such as El Supremo brand, 1 onion,diced, 1 to 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 to 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1teaspoon paprika, Kosher saltand freshly ground black pepper, 1 stoutbeer, 1tablespoon hot sauce, One 14.5ouncecan crushed tomatoes, 1 cupchicken stock], title: Chili Sans Beans, picturelink: 0101yzuvl5Opod2gFJjqZs0gq1I22LO}, 22302: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Add 2 tablespoons of salt and the pasta and cook according to the directions on the package. Set aside 1 12 cups of the pasta cooking water before you drain the pasta.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil over medium heat in a pot large enough to hold the pasta, such as a 12inch saute pan or a large, shallow pot. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently, until it just begins to turn golden on the edgesdont overcook it Add the red pepper flakes and cook for 30 seconds more. Carefully add the reserved pastacooking water to the garlic and oil and bring to a boil. Lower the heat, add 1 teaspoon of salt, and simmer for about 5 minutes, until the liquid is reduced by about a third.nAdd the drained pasta to the garlic sauce and toss. Off the heat, add the parsley and Parmesan and toss well. Allow the pasta to rest off the heat for 5 minutes for the sauce to be absorbed. Taste for seasoning and serve warm with extra Parmesan on the side., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound dried spaghetti, such as DeCecco, 13 cup good olive oil, 8 large garlic cloves, cut into thin slivers, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup minced fresh parsley, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving], title: Spaghetti Aglio E Olio, picturelink: r6WFXhOKw85.Nyf27.KKnJQLKZ6K}, 22303: {instructions: Boil water and pour over sugar to dissolve. Cool. Combine all ingredients in a large pitcher and refrigerate, covered, 2 hours or up to 2 days. Serve over ice., ingredients: [34 cup simple syrup, equal parts sugar and water, 2 bottles red wine, 34 cup brandy, 12 cup triple sec, 34 cup orange juice, 2 oranges, sliced into thin round, 2 green apples, cored and sliced thin, 2 lemons, sliced into thin rounds], title: Red Sangria, picturelink: null}, 22304: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook s Note: If using dehydrated chiles soak them in warm tap water for 1 hour or till soften this is usually only take 20 minutes, but I found with the smaller chiles, like the red Thai, that is take about an hour or so to fully rehydrate.nPlace both the red Thai chiles and the bell peppers in a blender or food processor and pulse until smooth. Transfer chiles to a large mixing bowl and add the sugar, orange zest, rice wine vinegar, honey, salt, ginger and coriander and mix together thoroughly.nSkewer shrimp and place in a large casserole dish. Pour the marinade over the shrimp, cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge to marinate for 15 minutes.nPreheat your grill while your shrimp is marinating.nRemove shrimp from fridge and grill over medium high heat for about 12 minutes per side. Glaze with the marinade the last minute of grilling. Remove to a platter and sprinkle with sesame seeds.nPeel, core, and dice pineapple.nIn a medium bowl, combine red onion, pineapple, cilantro, lime juice, ground ginger, and salt and pepper. Mix together. Cover and chill., ingredients: [1 tablespoon about 56 of whole dehydrated red Thai chiles, 1 large red bell pepper, stem and seeds removed, Zest of one large orange, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 pound large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 tablespoon of sesame seeds, for garnish, Bamboo skewers, soaked for one hour, Pineapple Ginger Salsa, recipe follows, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored, and diced, 12 red onion, finely diced, 14 cup cilantro, chopped, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, Juice of 1 lime, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Chile Glazed Shrimp, picturelink: 7YIZXZQuJ6bDaDEnqQMyhIu9CXvUe}, 22305: {instructions: For the romesco sauce: Toast the chile peppers in a small pot over medium heat, pressing them flat with a metal spatula and turning occasionally. Add enough water or stock to cover and simmer until the chiles are tender. Transfer the chiles to a food processor with a splash of the cooking liquid. Add the almonds, hazelnuts, paprika, piquillos, bread, garlic, tomato, vinegar and some salt and pepper. Turn the processor on and add the EVOO in a slow, steady stream until a thick, almost smooth sauce forms. For the stew: Heat the EVOO in a pot over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Cook until lightly browned, then add the celery, bay leaf, onions and parsley bundle and cook for 5 minutes. Deglaze with the wine, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon. Stir in the stock and romesco sauce. Bring to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are just tender. For the seafood: Add the mussels and shrimp to the stew and cook, covered, until the mussels open and the shrimp are firm and opaque. Discard any unopened shells. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a drizzle of EVOO in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Wrap the ham around the fish fillets, then add to the skillet and cook until crisp on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast until the fish is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and let the fish rest in the skillet. Meanwhile, char the bread in the oven. Divide the stew among shallow bowls. Place a piece of fish in the center and top with a spoonful of Gremolata. Rub the charred bread with the cut sides of the garlic clove and drizzle with EVOO serve on the side. Cooks Notes: You can make extra romesco sauce and freeze it. Use it as a base for soup or for topping any grilled or roasted meat or seafood. The stew, without the seafood, can be covered and refrigerated for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat.nPile the parsley, thyme, anchovy, garlic and lemon zest on a cutting board and roughly chop together until well combined., ingredients: [2 dried pasilla or red New Mexico chile peppers or 1 ancho chile pepper, stemmed and seeded, Water or chicken stock, to cover, 14 cup dry Marcona almonds, toasted, 14 cup blanched hazelnuts, toasted, 1 tablespoon sweet or smoked sweet paprika, 4 roasted piquillo peppers packed in water, drained well, 2 slices 34to1inch thick stale goodquality white bread, diced, 2 cloves garlic, grated or made into a paste, 1 large or 2 medium very ripe tomatoes, grated on a box grater, Splash of sherry vinegar about 1 12 tablespoons, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup EVOO, 14 cup EVOO, plus more for drizzling, 1 12 pounds small white or yellow potatoes, chopped or quartered, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 small stalks celery, finely chopped, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 small bundle fresh parsley, tied with kitchen string, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups chicken or seafood stock, 24 small mussels or clams, scrubbed, 12 ounces medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, EVOO, for drizzling, 4 slices Serrano ham, 4 thick centercut pieces cod or other sustainable white fish, Sliced crusty bread, for serving, Gremolata, recipe follows, 1 clove garlic, halved, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, 2 fresh thyme sprigs, leaves stripped and chopped, 1 anchovy fillet or anchovy in hot pepper, 1 clove garlic, grated, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Romesco Seafood Stew, picturelink: BxCJc7XUZoZN.ew5MkFxGtrRbE98JW}, 22306: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Blanch the cauliflower for 2 minutes. Transfer the cauliflower to a buttered 9 by 13inch baking dish and let cool, about 5 minutes.nIn a small skillet over mediumhigh heat, brown the pancetta. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside.nIn the same skillet, melt the butter. Add the flour and stir until combined. Continue stirring for 2 minutes to cook the flour. Slowly add the milk, stirring continuously until the milk has incorporated and there are no lumps. Add the garlic clove and red pepper flakes and stir the sauce over low heat until the mixture coats the back of a wooden spoon. Add the Parmesan, salt, pepper, nutmeg, and the reserved pancetta. Stir to combine. Pour the sauce over the cauliflower to cover. Top with a sprinkling of bread crumbs.nBake until the breadcrumbs are golden and the cauliflower is cooked, about 25 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, cut into pieces about 6 cups, 4 ounce piece pancetta, diced, 14 cup butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups milk, 1 clove garlic, whole, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 13 cup bread crumbs], title: Roasted Cauliflower with Parmesan and Pancetta, picturelink: avazQUEiPN8e1xNsZR6.1bSyvtO62Wq}, 22307: {instructions: Melt the butter in a Dutch oven set over medium heat. Add the shallots and the garlic cook until transparent, about 3 minutes. Add the thyme, bay leaves, and wine. Bring mixture to a boil over high heat.nAdd mussels, and cover. Cook, shaking pan often, until mussels open, 5 to 6 minutes. Discard any mussels that fail to open. Using a slotted spoon, transfer mussels to a large bowl, reserving liquid in pan. Sprinkle 14 cup parsley over the mussels.nRemove and discard bay leaves and thyme. Return liquid to low heat stir in cru00e8me frau00eeche or sour cream and remaining 14 cup parsley. Cook just until warm again, and pour over mussels. Serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 shallots, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 2 cups dry white wine, 4 pounds mussels about 48, scrubbed and debearded, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche or sour cream], title: Mussels with White Wine and Parsley, picturelink: null}, 22308: {instructions: Add all the ingredients to a blender. Blend until combined and smooth. At last, enjoy your Surf N Sunshine, ingredients: [1 16ounce can pineapple juice, 1 large handful basil leaves, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Surf N Sunshine, picturelink: null}, 22309: {instructions: For the glazed oranges: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the orange slices and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet.nCut a piece of parchment into a circle to fit a large shallow saucepan. Bring 2 cups water, the honey and sugar to a boil. Add the orange slices and place the parchment directly on top. Reduce the heat and simmer until the oranges are soft and the liquid has reduced to a syrup, 30 to 40 minutes.nFor the rice pudding: Put 1 34 cup water, the milk, rice, water, sugar, salt and vanilla seeds into a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, and then simmer until almost all the liquid has absorbed, 18 to 20 minutes.nRemove from the heat and stir until smooth. Remove the vanilla bean and cool.nWhip the heavy cream until soft peaks form. Fold into the rice pudding.nFor the sabayon: Prepare a large ice bath and set aside. Fill a medium saucepan with 2 inches of water and set over medium heat to bring to a simmer.nIn a large stainless steel bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, sugar and salt until very pale yellow. Add the wine and whisk to combine. Place the bowl over the pan of simmering water and whisk until the eggs have thickened and tripled in volume, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and transfer to the ice bath. Whisk until chilled.nIn a large bowl, whip the heavy cream until soft peaks form. Add the orange juice and fold into the chilled sabayon.nDivide the pudding among serving dishes and top with the oranges slices and their syrup. Finish with the orange sabayon. Serve with OrangeCardamom Madeleines.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour a madeleine mold pan.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Remove from the heat and stir in the honey and vanilla. Let cool for 10 minutes.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, cardamom and salt together. Stir together the sugar and eggs in a medium bowl. Gently fold in the flour until well combined. Add the butter and fold until combined. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nSpoon the batter into the prepared madeleine mold pan, filling each mold halfway Tap the pan on a work surface to eliminate air bubbles. Bake until the cookies are golden, 7 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [3 oranges unpeeled, very thinly sliced, 1 12 cups honey, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup milk, 1 cup Arborio rice, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped, 1 cup heavy cream, 5 large egg yolks, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch salt, 1 cup muscat or late harvest riesling, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed orange juice, OrangeCardamom Madeleines, for serving, recipe follows, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 34 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for pan, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 2 large eggs], title: Vanilla Rice Pudding with Glazed Oranges, OrangeCardamom Madeleines and Orange Sabayon, picturelink: null}, 22310: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMix together the berries, flour and sugar and pour into a 8 by 8inch baking dish. Spread the creme fraiche over the top of the berries evenly. Mix together the brown sugar, flour and salt. Mix in the melted butter. Top the creme fraiche with this mixture. Place in the oven and bake for 25 minutes, or until the topping is golden brown., ingredients: [4 cups mixed berries blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, huckleberries, loganberries, 12 cup flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup creme fraiche, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup melted butter], title: Mixed Berry Creme Fraiche Crumble, picturelink: null}, 22311: {instructions: For the lobster sauce: In a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, reduce the white wine and tarragon vinegar with the peppercorns, shallots, bay leaf, tarragon and thyme until the mixture is nearly dry, about 10 minutes. Add the halfandhalf and reduce by twothirds, about 5 minutes.nDecrease the heat to low and whisk in the butter, chunk by chunk, stirring vigorously until each piece is nearly melted. Remove the lobster sauce from the heat and season it with lemon juice and salt. Strain the lobster sauce through a fine mesh chinois. Hold the lobster sauce warm in a saucepan over very low heat until the lobster meat is ready.nFor the lobsters: Bring a large pot of salted water to the boil. Prepare a bath of icy water. Kill the lobsters by placing them on their backs on a cutting board and inserting a knife tip into their heads between the antennae. Drop the lobsters in the boiling water for 20 seconds and immediately shock them in the ice bath to stop the cooking. Extract the tail, claw and knuckle meat from the lobsters. The meat will still be translucent and raw. Remove the mud line from the tails and dice the tail meat into bitesize chunks.nAdd the lobster meat to the lobster sauce. Very slowly warm the meat until it is just barely cooked through. Be sure to agitate the pan frequently to prevent the lobster sauce from breaking. If it does start to break, sprinkle it with a few drops of cold water and take it off the heat for a moment.nFor the lobster rolls: In a saute pan, toast the sides of the buns with butter until crispy and golden. Spoon the cooked lobster meat into the prepared buns. Add as much lobster sauce as desired. Drizzle the lobster rolls with Mayo Mustard, drizzle with yogurt and sprinkle liberally with chives. Serve with lemon wedges.nCombine the dried mustard with 1 12 teaspoons water and lemon juice. Whisk in the mayo, Dijon, hot sauce and salt to taste., ingredients: [1 cup white wine, 14 cup tarragon vinegar, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 large shallot, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh tarragon, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 12 cup halfandhalf, 1 pound cold sweet cream butter, medium dice, Lemon juice, Kosher salt, Kosher salt, 4 lobsters 1 12 pounds each, 4 brioche hot dog buns, Salted butter, as needed to toast the buns, Mayo Mustard, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon wholefat yogurt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 2 lemons, quartered, 34 teaspoon dried mustard, such as Colemans Mustard Powder, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 14 cup mayo, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Dash hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Kosher salt], title: Lobster Roll, picturelink: gAH9..0kYLBNXPSE0lClQjG1.M4dYsi}, 22312: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a medium skillet ideally not nonstick over mediumhigh heat. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Add the medallions to the pan and cook about 3 minutes on each side, for mediumrare, or until desired doneness. Remove beef from pan and set on plates or a platter in a warm spot.nAdd the remaining 1 12 teaspoons oil to the skillet. Add the shiitakes and cook over mediumlow heat, until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the shallots, garlic, and salt and cook until translucent, about 2 minutes. Pull the skillet from the heat, add the Cognac, and use a wooden spoon to scrape up any brown bits that cling to the pan. Return to the heat and cook until the liquid is reduced, about 1 minute. If you are cooking over a gas flame the alcohol may flame, simply cook until the flames die down. Add the chicken broth, and cook until saucy, about 2 minutes more. Remove from the heat, stir in the sour cream and parsley, and season with salt and pepper.nSpoon mushrooms and sauce over the medallions and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon, plus 1 12 teaspoons vegetable oil, 4 beef tenderloin medallions about 4 ounces each, patted dry, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms about 12 medium, stemmed, 2 shallots, coarsely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup Cognac or other brandy, or Madeira, 14 cup chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 3 tablespoons light sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Beef Medallions with Saucy Shiitakes, picturelink: null}, 22313: {instructions: BEAT cheeses and dressing with mixer until blended.nADD onions and pepper mix well. Refrigerate several hours.nFORM into football shape on serving plate coat with bacon bits. Add pimento strips for lacing. Serve with crackers.nSizeWise: This is the perfect appetizer to serve while watching the big game with friends. Since it serves 32, one recipe goes a long waynSubstitute: Substitute chopped toasted PLANTERS Pecans or Walnuts, PLANTERS Slivered Almonds or finely chopped fresh parsley for the bacon bits.nVariation: Prepare using PHILADELPHIA Neufchatel Cheese, KRAFT 2 Milk Shredded Cheddar Cheese and MIRACLE WHIP Light Dressing.nNutrition Information Per Serving: 180 Calories, 13 g Total fat, 6 g Saturated Fat, 30 mg Cholesterol, 380 mg Sodium, 12 g Carbohydrate, 0 g Dietary fiber, 2 g Sugars, 5 g Protein, ingredients: [2 pkg. 8 oz. each PHILADELPHIA Cream Cheese, softened, 1 pkg. 8 oz. KRAFT Shredded Sharp Cheddar Cheese, 12 cup KRAFT Grated Parmesan Cheese, 12 cup MIRACLE WHIP Dressing, 2 green onions, chopped, 14 tsp. black pepper, 1 pkg. 3 oz. OSCAR MAYER Real Bacon Bits, 2 Tbsp. pimiento strips, RITZ Crackers], title: Ritz Cheesy Football, picturelink: o6Hpao39oP.oPa58nwoP03It1yX8qq}, 22314: {instructions: Pour sake and water into a large frying pan or wok and bring to boil. Once boiled, turn down heat and simmer. Cook pork slices 1 at a time. Remove each slice and cool in a strainer. Place cool pork slices on a plate and refrigerate while making dipping sauce. Serve with Miso Dipping Sauce and Soy Sauce Dipping Sauce.nPlace all ingredients in a pot and bring to a boil, stirring constantly, until the sugar is dissolved. The consistency of the sauce should be that of gravy. Once this is achieved pour sauce into a bowl and serve with chilled pork slices. Both the miso dipping sauce and the soy sauce dipping sauce can be served with the pork slices.nPlace all ingredients in a pot and bring to a boil, stirring constantly, until the sugar is dissolved. The consistency of the sauce should be that of gravy. Once this is achieved pour sauce into a bowl and serve with chilled pork slices. Both the miso dipping sauce and the soy sauce dipping sauce can be served with the pork slices., ingredients: [2 cups sake, 2 cups water, 10 12 ounces 300 grams thinly sliced pork or beef, Miso Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, Soy Sauce Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 2 12 ounces 70 grams red miso, 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon ground sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon Japanese mustard Karashi, 14 cup sake, 12 cup soy sauce, 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons finely chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped green onion, 14 cup sake], title: Sake Pork Shabu Shabu, picturelink: null}, 22315: {instructions: Slice the ginger into coins. Heat the ginger, lemon rind, water and honey to a boil in small pot. Add lemon juice to hot water and transfer to a tea pot. Add tea bags to pot and steep. Remove bags and serve tea., ingredients: [1inch piece ginger root, peeled, 1 large strip lemon rind, 6 cups water, 13 cup honey, eyeball it, 1 lemon, juiced, 4 camomile or other tea bags], title: Ginger Honey Tea, picturelink: 6WYqH2mlJk0xv9Al4WviV1BSNseCCNq}, 22316: {instructions: Puree strawberries and send them through a fine sieve to catch the seeds. Whisk in cool lavender simple syrup and lemon juice. Taste for balance of acid and sweetness. Chill overnight in freezer.nCombine the sugar and the water in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from the heat and cool. Bring simple syrup back to a simmer and toss in dried lavender. Cover and infuse for a 30 minutes. Strain and cool. Store in a refrigerator., ingredients: [5 cups strawberry puree, strained of seeds, from about 4 pints raw berries, 34 to 1 cup lavender simple syrup, recipe follows, 12 cup lemon juice, 2 cups sugar, 1 12 cups water, 2 tablespoons dried lavender], title: Strawberry Lavender Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 22317: {instructions: Combine all ingredients including the bean and its pulp, except peaches, in a large saucepan and place over medium heat. Attach a frying or candy thermometer to inside of pan. see note below Stirring occasionally, bring the mixture to 170 degrees F. Remove from heat and strain into a lidded container. Cool mixture, then refrigerate mixture overnight to mellow flavors and texture.nFreeze mixture in ice cream freezer according to units instructions. The mixture will not freeze hard in the machine. Meanwhile, chop peaches roughly. Once the volume has increased by 12 and reached a soft serve consistency, add the peaches and continue turning to incorporate. Spoon the mixture back into a lidded container and harden in the freezer at least 1 hour before serving.nNOTE: If you do not have a thermometer, bring the mixture just barely to a simmer. As soon as you see a bubble on the surface, remove it from th, ingredients: [2 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup whipping cream, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup peach preserves not jelly, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, Pinch kosher salt, 4 medium peaches, halved, seeded and grilled or broiled until brown], title: Burned Peach Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 22318: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat a convection oven to 325 degrees F. Line 24 regularsize cupcake pans with liners.nCombine the flour, orange zest, baking powder and salt in a bowl. In a stand mixer, cream the sugar and butter on medium speed until light and fluffy, 4 to 8 minutes. Slowly add the eggs one at a time, scraping the bowl as needed. Add the vanilla extract and orange oil to the mixer. On low speed, gradually alternate adding the flour mixture and the milk, beginning and ending with the dry ingredients, and mix until smooth.nWhen the mixture is smooth, divide the batter evenly into the prepared cupcake liners. Bake until lightly browned and fully cooked through, about 15 minutes. Cool completely.nFor the filling: With a large wooden or metal spoon, mix the ricotta, confectioners sugar, chocolate and orange peel in a medium bowl until combined.nFor the ganache: Place the chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl. In small saucepan over medium heat, bring the heavy cream and sugar to a boil ensuring the sugar is completely dissolved. Pour the cream and sugar mixture over the chocolate and let sit 5 minutes. Gradually whisk until smooth. Cool completely.nFor the almond cream: In a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, beat the cream, sugar and almond paste until the cream is firm enough to pipe on the cupcakes but not too stiff and buttery.nTo assemble: Cut a small hole the size of an apple core in each cupcake and fill with the cannoli cream. Pipe a small amount of ganache on the entire surface of the cupcake and do the same with the almond cream. Top with toasted almonds.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons orange zest, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups sugar, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, 4 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon orange oil, 1 cup milk, 2 cups ricotta cheese, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons finely chopped bittersweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons finely diced candied orange peel, 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 6 ounces heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup almond paste, Toasted almonds, for garnish], title: Cannoli Cupcakes, picturelink: p4tO2j3j74mMP1GNfUbeICyD0lg1Iwi}, 22319: {instructions: Toppings: Delisliced corned beef, shredded Swiss cheese, grated horseradish and spicy mustardnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 20 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: All the Way Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 22320: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the dried mushrooms in small pot and cover with water or chicken stock. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and steep.nHeat a heavy pot over medium to mediumhigh heat with 2 turns of the pan extravirgin olive oil. When hot, add the butter and melt into the oil then add portabellas. After 6 minutes, add the onions, carrots, celery, garlic, and bay leaf. Saute until tender, 15 minutes, then separate and add spinach. Season the spinach mixture with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Stir in the tomato paste and cook 1 minute. Deglaze with wine. Remove the dried mushrooms from the steeping liquid. Chop the mushrooms and stir into the sauce. Add the steeping liquid, reserving the last few spoonfuls as any grit on the mushrooms will have settled at the bottom. Stir in the milk. Simmer over low heat 20 minutes. Cool completely and store for a makeahead meal.nReheat the dish over medium heat. Add a little stock or milk to loosen the sauce up again.nBring a large pot of water to a boil, salt the water and cook the pasta to al dente. Drain the pasta and toss with sauce. Serve in shallow bowls, topped with parsley and Pecorino cheese., ingredients: [1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms or mixed wild mushrooms, 2 cups water or chicken stock, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 4 large portobello mushrooms, gills scraped, cut into 14inch dice, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 small carrot, peeled and finely chopped or grated, 1 small rib celery, finely chopped, 3 to 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 fresh bay leaf, 1 10ounce box organic chopped frozen spinach, defrosted and wrung dry in kitchen towel, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup whole milk, 1 pound pappardelle or fettuccine pasta, A handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Grated PecorinoRomano cheese], title: Portobello and Spinach Bolognese, picturelink: 5R0JMBtL9mmDXyFt4JimBkw9q0OBCFS}, 22321: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and char the red cherry and bell peppers until evenly blackened. Place in a bowl and cover to cool. Peel and seed the peppers. Finely dice the red cherry peppers, and then chop the red bell peppers into 14inch dice.nMeanwhile, heat the EVOO in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat and add the pancetta to render, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the mushrooms and cook until dark and tender, 12 to 15 minutes.nAdd the rosemary, sage, thyme, marjoram, garlic, onions and some salt and black pepper and cook 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and roasted peppers. Deglaze with the wine and cook until reduced by half, scraping reducing up the bits on the bottom of the pan, about 2 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and simmer gently, stirring occasionally, until the tomatoes break down, 30 minutes.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pappardelle to al dente. Reserve 1 cup of the starchy cooking water before draining, and tossing the pasta with the sauce and the cooking water 1 minute. To serve, combine the pasta with lots of grated pecorino, passing more at the table, for topping., ingredients: [2 Italian red cherry peppers or 2 large Fresno chile peppers, 1 large or 2 medium red bell peppers, 14 cup EVOO, 14 pound pancetta or guanciale, chopped into batons, 4 to 5 portobello mushroom caps, gills scraped, sliced, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh sage, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 12 tablespoon fresh marjoram or oregano, or 1 teaspoon dried, 4 large cloves garlic, sliced, 1 large or 2 medium onions, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 cups dry red wine, One 32ounce can whole D.O.P. San Marzano tomatoes, 1 pound pappardelle, Pecorino cheese, grated, for serving], title: Portobello Mushroom, Hot and Sweet Pepper Ragu with Pappardelle, picturelink: YoeV7u9AIGAzpuynZkMmtxSUtLISyK}, 22322: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 200 degrees F.nStir together mashed potatoes, 1 teaspoon horseradish and flour set aside.nHeat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Make blini by dropping 1 tablespoonful of potato mixture into pan. Cook 2 to 4 minutes per side or until golden brown. Remove to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Keep warm in the oven. Repeat with remaining potato mixture.nIn a small bowl, stir together sour cream, remaining horseradish, and dill.nServe blini by topping each with 1 12 teaspoons sour cream mixture. Garnish with caviar., ingredients: [1 12 cups mashed potatoes, 1 12 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon fresh dill, finely chopped, 1 2ounce jar red or black lumpfish caviar recommended: Romanoff Moorehouse, divided], title: Potato Blini with Caviar, picturelink: UrZkeQxNPb3KxtU4Zh5NOg.7ndlmYiy}, 22323: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 9inchsquare baking dish or a 9inch castiron skillet with cooking spray. Whisk the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg, milk, sour cream and melted butter whisk into the dry ingredients until combined. Fold in the onion, kale and bacon.nPour the batter into the prepared dish or skillet. Bake until the cornbread springs back when pressed in the center, 25 to 35 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes in the dish, then loosen the edges and slice., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt, 1 egg, 1 cup milk, 1 cup sour cream or plain Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup onion, chopped and sauteed, 12 cup kale, chopped and sauteed, 12 cup bacon or pancetta, cooked and crumbled], title: BaconKale Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 22324: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nToss pine nuts with 1 tablespoon of olive oil and spread out on a sheet pan. Toast the nuts in the oven, shaking the pan about half way through, until evenly brown, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl. Reserve the baking sheet.nToss the zucchini with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, the garlic, lemon zest, salt and pepper. Spread out on the baking sheet and roast until crisp tender and slightly brown, about 10 to 12 minutes.nToss zucchini and lemon with the nuts, and scatter dollops of the cheese on top. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup pine nuts, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large zucchini cut into 34 inch chunks about 1 pound, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 lemon, zest stripped off in large pieces, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces fresh ricotta], title: LemonZesty Zucchini with Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 22325: {instructions: Heat a large covered skillet over medium high heat. Add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and when it is hot, add the spinach with all the water still clinging to its leaves from washing. Cover and cook for 2 minutes, then remove the lid and turn the spinach over with tongs. Replace the lid and cook for 2 minutes more. Repeat until all the spinach is wilted and tender. Stir in a pinch each of salt and pepper. Transfer the spinach to a colander set over a bowl and drain. When cool enough to handle, press down on the spinach to extract as much liquid as possible. Chop the spinach coarsely and reserve the juice.nIn a large heavy skillet, heat the remaining tablespoon of olive oil over medium heat. Add the pine nuts and stir for 1 to 2 minutes, until slightly golden. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes, until the garlic gives off its aroma. Season to taste, stir in the diced tomatoes and the spinach, and cook for 1 minute more. Remove from the heat.nIn a large saucepan, bring a generous amount of lightly salted water to a boil. Cook the orzo, stirring occasionally to stop them from sticking, for about 9 minutes or until tender. Drain thoroughly, shaking the colander to get rid of most of the water, and transfer them to the skillet with the spinach mixture and the reserved spinach juice. Toss to mix the ingredients evenly, taste for seasoning and reheat gently before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large bunches spinach, leaves only, well washed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup pine nuts, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and cut into 14 inch dice, 2 cups dried orzo pasta], title: Orzo with Spinach and Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 22326: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a small saucepan. Add the couscous and saute for a minute or two to coat. Add the garlic and saute a few seconds, then add the broth, spice of choice cook for 2 minutes until the liquid appears absorbed. Remove from heat, fluff up with two forks, stir in the butter. Leave to steam, covered, 10 minutes, then season with salt and pepper. Or transfer to an ovenproof dish and finish steaming in a 375 oven for 5 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups couscous, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 cups chicken broth, 14 to 12 teaspoon of ground spice such as cumin, cinnamon or allspice, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Easy Way  2 of Making Couscous, picturelink: null}, 22327: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a pot. Simmer until sauce is thickened, 10 minutes. If necessary, place sauce in a food processor and pulse until smooth.nFor grilled tomato sauce, rub tomatoes with oil, then grill until charred. Puree tomatoes and add to Sauteed onions. Season with salt and pepper.nFor roasted tomato sauce, halve tomatoes and roast, coated with oil and sprinkled with salt and pepper on a sheet pan in 375 degree oven for 45 minutes. Puree in a blender and season with fresh basil and salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 12 pounds ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped or 28ounce canned plum tomatoes, with juice, chopped, 14 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 14 cup basil leaves, finely chopped, 14 cup parsley, finely chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Marinara Sauce, picturelink: null}, 22328: {instructions: In a microwavesafe bowl, combine corn, okra and 1 tablespoon water. Cover with damp paper towels and microwave on high setting for 7 to 8 minutes.nIn a medium saucepan, over medium heat, whisk together milk and white sauce mix. Bring to boil, whisking constantly. Reduce heat to simmer and continue stirring for 1 minute. Remove from heat. Add cooked corn and okra, butter beans and chopped pimento to white sauce. Return to medium heat and heat through. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 cups frozen yellow corn kernels, 1 12 cups frozen cut okra, 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons white sauce mix recommended: Knorr, 1 15ounce can butter beans, drained, 1 4ounce jar chopped pimento, drained], title: Creamy Succotash, picturelink: eeD9n2fFcAQ4DL6RU9oGW8y7ULCFRMS}, 22329: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Cut a piece of foil 8 by 16inches. Butter the corners and sides of an 8by8inch baking pan. Line the pan with the foil, leaving an overhang on two sides.nBeat the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Reduce the speed to medium and add the egg yolk, syrup, vanilla extract and vanilla bean seeds if using. Reduce the speed to low, add the flours and salt, all at once, and beat until just combined. Add the walnuts and continue to mix until fully combined.nUsing your hands, drop the dough in pieces evenly into the prepared pan. Flour your hands lightly and press the dough together and into the corners of the pan. Put a piece of waxed paper on top of the dough and use something square and heavyanother pan, a pound of cold butterto press the dough into the pan and make a smooth, even top. Chill until firm, about 30 minutes.nWhen it is firm, use a fork to score the dough all over. Bake until deep golden brown and starting to pull away from the sides of the pan, about 45 minutes. Cool completely on a rack, about 2 hours, then wrap with plastic wrap, and let sit at room temperature overnight.nPlace a lightweight cutting board or a baking rack over the top of the pan. Flip and set on the counter. Gently pull the pan from the foil and the foil from the pan to lift off the pan. Gently peel the foil off the bar. Place another lightweight cutting board on top, and flip the bar rightsideup.nUsing a sharp, serrated knife, slice the square in half. Then slice each half into 8 bars., ingredients: [2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into chunks, at room temperature, plus more for pan, 12 cup sugar, 1 large egg yolk, 2 tablespoons real maple syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, optional, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for working with dough, 14 cup rice flour, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 12 cups coarsely chopped toasted walnuts], title: Maple Walnut Shortbread Bars, picturelink: QaMUHHM4sQMPxPUCCtyiUv8yFBDKglC}, 22330: {instructions: Brill: In a roasting pan, roast in the oven the onion, carrot, celery, cloves, bay leaves, black peppercorn and fish bones about 30 minutes until a dark brown color. Remove from oven and place all the ingredients in a small stock pot over high heat. Add 1 cup wine and water until just covering bones. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer for 20 minutes. Strain and discard everything keep only the broth. Let this reduce over medium heat until only 14 of volume remains. Add the other half of wine, lemon juice and 2 cups water. Let reduce again by half. Set this aside.nMashed Potato: Peel and dice potato, top with salted water and boil until just cooked through do not overcook to mush or cloudy water. While potato is cooking, take half of the butter and the half and half in a small saucepot. Place on low temperature you only want butter to melt. Medium dice remaining butter and keep cold. Once potato is cooked, strain from liquid, place on baking sheet and sit in a hot oven, about 4 to 5 minutes. Take potato out of oven, put in a food mill along with cold butter cubes. Mill through and with a wooden spoon fold in butter and half and half mixture. Incorporate mixture until potato is velvety in texture add salt and pepper to taste.nTurnout: In a heated saucepan add olive oil. Bring to smoking hot, season fillet with salt and fresh cracked pepper. Sear flesh side of fillet until medium brown color. Turn to skin side and finish cooking in oven at 375 degrees about 12 to 15 minutes. In a saute pan, bring 12 cup water to boil add 1ounce of butter and salt and pepper this will emulsify then add the sugar snap peas. Bring the brill up to a good simmer in a separate pan. Heat confit if it has gotten cool.nPresentation: On the entree plate, place a large ring cutter No. 95 in the center of plate. Fill halfway with mashed potato, then fill with the corn and crab confit. Place around the ring the snap peas, then remove ring. Once halibut is cook through, place on top of the confit and mashed potato, pour heated brill around on the plate should be brothy. Garnish with fresh sprig of rosemary or purple basilnConfit: In a brazier, place 1ounce of butter, fennel and onion. Sweat down until onions are translucent. In a separate saute pan over high heat, add corn kernels, then 1ounce of butter 12 cup sugar, thyme, brown the corn, then add to fennel and onion mixture. Add 1 cup wine, apple juice, cayenne pepper, 1 12 cups sugar, white vinegar and wine. Cook over medium heat until liquid evaporates. Strain into colander add parsley, matchstick chives and crabmeat. Fold into mixture set aside., ingredients: [4 7ounce portions of halibut, Salt and pepper to taste, Fresh sprig of rosemary or purple basil for garnish, 2 large carrots diced small, 1 celery stalk diced small, 1 medium onion diced small, 1 pound fish bones flounder, halibut, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 ounces of lemon juice, 3 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon of whole clove, 1 tablespoon of whole black peppercorns, 4 ounces sugar snaps, blanched and refreshed, 1 ounces butter, 3 ounces water, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 large red bliss potatoes, 2 large Idaho potatoes, 8 ounces of half and half, 8 ounces of butter, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 large yellow onion julienned, 1 pound of Phillips blue crabmeat jumbo lump, 4 ounces butter, 1 fennel bulb julienned, 16 ounces frozen corn kernels, 2 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup white wine, 2 cup white vinegar, 1 cup apple juice, 1 tablespoon of minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon matchstick cut chives], title: Roasted Halibut, Mashed Potato, a Corn and Crab Confit and a Halibut Brill, Sugar Snap Peas, picturelink: null}, 22331: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, toss the squash with the sugar and half of the olive oil. Season with salt and stir in the oregano. Arrange the squash in a single layer on a baking sheet and place it in the center of the oven. Cook until the squash is tender but still holds its shape and is somewhat firm, 15 to 20 minutes.nIn a small bowl, combine the red wine vinegar and the raisins. Set aside.nHeat a medium skillet and add a little of the remaining olive oil. When it begins to smoke lightly, add the onions and garlic. Season with salt and cook until they are translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the tomatoes, celery, zucchini, capers, and olives. Stir to blend. Refrigerate.nWhen the squash is cooked, remove from the oven and allow it to cool. Stir it into the onion mixture. Stir in the raisins and vinegar. Taste for seasoning. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 medium butternut squash, peeled and cut into small cubes about 12inch, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 heaping tablespoons golden raisins, 1 medium onion, peeled and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and grated, 1 cup canned San Marzano whole plum tomatoes, drained of their liquid and broken into small pieces, 3 mediumsize stalks celery, cut into thin rounds, 2 large zucchini, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 12 green olives, preferably Cerignola, pitted and chopped], title: Squash Caponata, picturelink: 28xDqPticEFADlreaY5mHCbiFkjd8Q6}, 22332: {instructions: In a medium stainless steel saucepan reduce the wine to 14 cup. Place the syrup in a blender and add the vinegar, mustard, and honey and blend until combined. With the motor running slowly add the olive oil and blend until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper to taste. In a large bowl, combine the garlic, olive oil, rosemary and lamb and marinate for 4 to 6 hours in the refrigerator. Prepare the grill. Thread the lamb cubes, chorizo and roasted shallots on the skewers and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side for mediumrare doneness. Arrange on platter and drizzle with vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 bottle Rioja wine, 14 cup red vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 head garlic, peeled and crushed, 1 cup olive oil, 4 rosemary sprigs, 2 pound lamb loin, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 pound chorizo, sliced 14inch thick, 16 small shallots, roasted, 8 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 2 hours], title: Lamb, Roasted Shallot and Chorizo Skewers with Rioja Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 22333: {instructions: Combine softened cream cheese and sugar in mixing bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed until creamy. Add sour cream and vanilla, beat until well combined. Stir in cool whip and crushed cookies. Spoon mixture into pie crust using a rubber spatula to spread evenly. Refrigerate for 4 to 5 hours before serving.nTo decorate: Through a fine sifter, heavily sprinkle cocoa powder over the cake to make it look like dirt in a graveyard.nTo make tombstone cookies scrape the cream filling out of chocolate cookies. Cut off ends of cookies so as to make a rectangular shape.nUsing royal icing in a piping bag, pipe spooky decorations and words on the tombstone cookies. Examples: BOO, RIP., ingredients: [1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened to room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 8ounce container whipped topping recommended: Cool Whip, 1 12 cups crushed chocolate sandwich cookies plus 10 whole cookies recommended: Oreo, 1 9inch chocolate pie crust], title: Creepy Cookie Cake, picturelink: 8zLPmi4I1qUeCs6i.4py7IDzjHpmBpe}, 22334: {instructions: 1. In a large pot, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Lower the heat to medium and add the butter. Stir in the mushrooms, onions, carrots, celery, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are softened, about 10 minutes. Add the diced tomato and cook until soft, about 5 minutes more.n2. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and add the veal and pork. Cook, breaking up the meat with a spoon, until it is no longer pink. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the wine and cook until the wine is reduced by half. Add the canned tomatoes, reduce the heat to medium, and simmer, uncovered, 40 minutes stir occasionally and adjust the heat if necessary so the sauce simmers gently.n3. When ready to serve, cook the pasta according to package directions. Drain. Meanwhile, stir the cream into the sauce, lower the heat, and cook 5 minutes more. Season the sauce with salt and pepper. Add the pasta to the sauce and mix well. Serve garnished with basil., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 ounces pancetta, diced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 ounces shiitake mushrooms, woody stems removed and discarded, caps sliced, 1 small onion, diced, 1 small carrot, diced, 1 celery rib, diced, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large tomato, diced, 8 ounces ground veal, 8 ounces ground pork, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup white wine, 1 28ounce can San Marzano whole tomatoes, 1 pound dried pappardelle pasta, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced basil leaves], title: Pappardelle with Veal and Pork Ragu, picturelink: SPOQLgX62ylBIaa6PitUCafmCV5Dqy}, 22335: {instructions: In a mixing bowl add the berries, sugar, black pepper, and vinegar and mix well.nDivide the berries into 4 equal parts, place in a parfait or bowl and add a scoop of vanilla ice cream per serving., ingredients: [2 cups500 ml mixed berries, 2 tablespoons30 ml sugar, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons45 ml vinegar, 4 scoops vanilla ice cream], title: Berries with Vinegar and Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 22336: {instructions: Heat oven to 450 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in medium heatproof skillet over mediumlow heat with the clove of crushed garlic. Let the garlic infuse the oil while you thinly slice the potatoes and onion then remove the garlic. Add the potatoes and onions to the skillet and season with rosemary and salt and pepper, to taste. Raise the heat a little and cook for 6 to 7 minutes. Turn the potatoonion mixture over and cook for 5 minutes more. In a large bowl, whisk the eggs and milk together. Add the egg mixture to the skillet and move them around and under the potatoes to settle them. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until golden on top, about 10 to 12 minutes. Scatter the cheese on top, turn the oven off and let sit for another couple of minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large clove garlic crushed, 1 pound baby potatoes, 1 small onion, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 eggs, beaten, 12 cup milk, halfandhalf or cream, 12 cup ParmigianoReggiano], title: Rosemary Potato Frittata, picturelink: null}, 22337: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan over low heat, bring the olive oil to 300 to 310 degrees F.nWhile the oil is heating, season the flounder fillets on all sides with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Lay half of the sliced lemons and half of the parsley in the bottom of a cast iron skillet large enough to hold the fillets in a single layer without overlapping. Lay the seasoned fillets on top of the lemons. Top with the remaining lemons and parsley. Once the oil has reached temperature, gently pour it over the fillets, and place in the oven and poach for 10 minutes. Allow to cool for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 cups olive oil, 1 12 to 2 pounds flounder fillets, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, thinly sliced, 1 small bunch fresh parsley, thoroughly dried], title: Oil Poached Flounder, picturelink: WVDmKFGSbF8KXqMEyf0OwetlpcciD.}, 22338: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nLightly butter a deep 9 by 13inch baking dish.nShred left over BBQ into fine pieces and set aside.nIn a large bowl, stir together the butter, milk, and sugar. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, until well incorporated. Add the creamed corn, chiles, cheese, and shredded BBQ and stir until well incorporated.nIn a separate bowl, stir together flour, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt. Add flour mixture to corn mixture stir until smooth. Pour batter into prepared pan.nBake in preheated oven for 1 hour 10 minutes, or until golden brown and until a toothpick inserted into center of the pan comes out clean.nTopping: Combine all and melt in microwave. Brush over cornbread and place back in oven for a few minutes. Cut into squares and serve warm. Its ok to break up pieces and serve in a small bowl., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, for greasing the pan, plus 1 12 cups butter, melted, 34 pound left over BBQ pork or beef, 1 12 cups white sugar, 6 eggs, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk, 1 12 15ounce cans creamstyle corn, 14 cup drained canned chopped green chile peppers, 1 12 cups shredded cheese Recommended: combination Monterey Jack and Cheddar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 2 tablespoons baking powder, Pinch salt, 6 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons your favorite bbq sauce, 1 12 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 1 12 tablespoons garlic powder], title: Kents BBQ Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 22339: {instructions: In a double boiler, melt the chocolate over barely simmering water. Stir together the cream and rice wine, and then gradually stir into the melted chocolate to combine. Stir in the Sichuan peppercorns. Transfer the mixture to a fondue pot to keep warm and serve with fresh fruit., ingredients: [1 pound goodquality dark chocolate, chopped, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 1 teaspoon Sichuan peppercorns, toasted and ground, Fresh strawberries, for serving, Fresh mango, sliced into 2inch pieces, for serving, Bananas, cut into 2inch pieces, for serving], title: Spicy Sweet Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: null}, 22340: {instructions: Preheat a 8 inch pot with a tight fitting cover over moderate heat. Add oil, onion and garlic and saute for 2 or 3 minutes. Add broth to the pan and bring to a boil. Stir in orzo and return broth to a boil. Cover pot and reduce heat to simmer. Cook 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, or until liquid is absorbed and pasta tender. Remove lid and stir in cheese. Season with salt and pepper to your taste. You favorite fresh herbs may also be stirred into the orzo or rice to strengthen the flavor even more., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 12 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 cans 14 ounces chicken or vegetable broth or stock, 2 cups orzo pasta enriched rice may be substituted, 12 cup grated Parmigiano or Romano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cheesy Orzo, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 22341: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 fairly heavy China coffee cupsnMake the Cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSift together the sugar, flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Transfer to a standing mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or use a hand mixer and blend briefly.nWhisk together the eggs, milk, oil, and vanilla in a medium bowl. Add to the dry ingredients and mix at low speed for 5 minutes. Gradually add the hot water, mixing at low speed until just combined. The batter will be quite thin.nPour the batter into coffee cups and arrange them 1inch apart on a sheet pan or a rectangular cake pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean a few crumbs are okay, and the center feels firm to the touch, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let the cakes cool on the pan. Dont remove the cakes from the cupsnMeanwhile, make the Topping: In a chilled bowl, combine the cream and sugar and whip, using a handmixer, until soft peaks form.nWhen ready to serve, spoon the topping over the cakes to cover, so they look like a cups of cocoa topped with whipped cream. Serve with a spoon., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 1 23 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, preferably Dutchprocessed, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 34 cup milk, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cups very hot water, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar or 1 can real whipped cream], title: Hot Cocoa Cupcakes, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 22342: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFinely grind the almonds and 14 cup of the sugar in food processor. Put in a small bowl. If you do not have a food processor, very finely chop the almonds. Put them in a bowl and stir in the sugar.nIn a small bowl, toss the cherry pieces with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar.nLay the sheets of phyllo flat on a work surface. Remove 1 sheet from the stack and place it on the work surface. Cover the remaining sheets with a kitchen towel. With a pastry brush, brush the single sheet with 14 of the melted butter and then sprinkle with 14 of the almond sugar.nLay a second sheet of phyllo on top of the first, and butter and sugar it. Continue in the same manner with the third sheet of phyllo. Place the fourth piece of phyllo on top of the stack but do not butter or sugar it.nCut the phyllo vertically into quarters and then cut the phyllo in half horizontally. You will have 8 rectangles. Place about 3 tablespoons of cherries on the end of each phyllo rectangle. Roll up the phyllo around the cherries.nPlace the rolls, seam side down, on a baking sheet. Brush the tops with the remaining butter and sprinkle with the remaining sugar. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.nServe warm with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [2 ounces about 12 cup whole natural almonds, toasted, 14 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 10 ounces about 35 Bing cherries, stemmed, pitted, and quartered, 4 phyllo sheets, 2 ounces 4 tablespoons butter, melted], title: Bing Cherry Phyllo Rolls, picturelink: null}, 22343: {instructions: To prepare vinaigrette, whisk together mustard and vinegar until well incorporated, add shallots and while whisking constantly slowly add the olive oil until all is emulsified into the mustard. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside until needed. Combine the endives, pears, walnuts and Roquefort cheese in a medium bowl and toss. Place mixture in the middle of a plate and drizzle with vinaigrette. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1ounce red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 6 endives, center removed and julienned, 2 pears, cored and cut into medium dice, 3 ounces shelled walnuts, 3 ounces crumbled Roquefort cheese], title: Endive Salad with Pears, Roquefort and Walnuts and Dijon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 22344: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a large pot with 3 quarts of water and add the Old Bay seasoning and 1 tablespoon of salt. Bring to a boil, add the shrimp, lower the heat, and simmer for 3 minutes, until just firm. With a skimmer or slotted spoon, transfer the shrimp to a large bowl. Leave 2 cups of the poaching liquid in the pot and discard the rest.nAdd the wine to the poaching liquid and bring to a boil. Add the scallops, lower the heat, and simmer for 2 minutes, until just cooked. With the skimmer, transfer the scallops to the bowl with the shrimp. Bring the poaching liquid back to a boil, add the calamari, and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes, until just cooked. Be careful not to overcook any of the seafood or it will be tough With the skimmer, transfer the calamari to the bowl.nBring the poaching liquid to a boil again, add the mussels, cover, and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes, until all the shells have opened, discarding any that dont open. Turn off the heat and set aside until the mussels in the broth are cool enough to handle. Remove the mussels from the shells and add to the bowl. Add 12 of the shells to the seafood and discard the rest. Set aside 12 cup of the poaching liquid, discarding the rest. Drain the seafood in a colander and put it all back into the bowl.nFor the dressing, heat the olive oil in a medium 10inch saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic, oregano, and red pepper flakes and cook for 1 minute. Be careful: Overcooked garlic will be bitter. Add the tomatoes and cook over medium heat for 2 more minutes. Add the reserved poaching liquid, the limoncello, lemon zest, lemon juice, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and cook for 1 more minute. Pour the sauce over the seafood and toss gently. Add the fennel and parsley. Cut a lemon in half lengthwise, cut it thinly crosswise, and add it to the salad. Toss gently to combine and cover with plastic wrap. Chill for at least 3 hours or overnight.nTo serve, sprinkle with 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, and the juice of the remaining lemon. Taste for seasonings and serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Old Bay seasoning, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds 16 to 20count peeled and deveined shrimp, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 1 pound sea scallops, halved crosswise, 1 pound cleaned fresh calamari, sliced crosswise in 12inchthick rings, 2 pounds fresh mussels, 12 cup good olive oil, 4 teaspoons minced garlic 4 cloves, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 plum tomatoes, seeds and pulp removed and mediumdiced, 13 cup limoncello liqueur, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small fennel bulb, trimmed, cored, and thinly sliced crosswise, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, lightly packed, 2 lemons], title: Italian Seafood Salad, picturelink: tIMSGgoAj7Vem6F.0.clWd990mrXSyS}, 22345: {instructions: emnemnemnemnemnemn1. Sprinkle both sides of steak with 12 teaspoon salt and pepper. In small bowl stir together olive oil, onion powder, paprika, garlic powder and thyme. Rub on both sides of steak. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 2 to 4 hours. 2. Preheat grill. Grill steak directly over medium heat for 12 to 17 minutes or until mediumrare 145 degrees F, turning once. Transfer to plate. Cover and refrigerate for 2 to 24 hours. 3. Meanwhile, for Horseradish Cream Sauce, in small bowl stir together mayonnaise, horseradish, sour cream and lemon peel. Season with salt if desired. Cover and refrigerate for 1 to 24 hours. 4. Remove steak from refrigerator. On cutting board, crosswise slice steak into 14inchthick slices. Cut across the muscle grain not parallel to it. Cut each slice into 1 12 to 2inchlong pieces. 5. Spoon horseradish cream sauce into plastic food storage bag. Snip off small corner of bag. Pipe small amount of sauce onto each KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE Original cracker. Top each with piece of steak. Pipe remaining sauce on top of steak pieces. Sprinkle with chives. NOTE: If desired, omit the steak. Substitute 2 pounds of deli roast beef, sliced 18 to 14inchthick. Cut into 1 12 to 2inch pieces., ingredients: [Steak, 1 2 to 2 12pound beef flank steak, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon hot Hungarian paprika, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 6 to 8 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and chopped, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup prepared horseradish, 14 cup sour cream, 4 teaspoons grated lemon peel peel from 1 lemon, Kosher salt optional, 60 Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Original crackers, 14 cup chopped fresh chives], title: The Steakhouse Stack Snack, picturelink: 9gcV1TpWGWEqF1tHW5lXvdzoYN3mZm}, 22346: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray the bottoms 24 the cupcake molds with nonstick spray. Fill each with a double layer of cupcake papers. Alternatively, use a nonstick cupcake tin and spray the sides and bottoms with nonstick spray. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, cream together the butter and granulated sugar until smooth, 3 to 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides with a rubber spatula and mix to blend. Add the brown sugar and continue mixing until both sugars are fully integrated and the butter soft, 3 to 5 additional minutes. With the mixer on a slow speed, add the eggs, 1 at a time.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, salt and cinnamon. With the mixer still on low speed, gradually incorporate about half of the flour mixture. When fully mixed, add half of the yogurt. Add the remaining flour and the remaining yogurt. The batter will be fairly dense and thick. Fill the tins a little more than 34 full. For a mold that has between 3 and 4ounce holes, I like to use a 13 cup measure, leveled, to fill each one with the same amount of batter. When the trays are full, tap the tray a few times on a flat surface to level the batter out and put the trays in the center of the oven.nBake for 8 minutes then rotate the cupcakes halfway. Bake for an additional 10 minutes. A cake tester, when inserted into the center of a cupcake, should emerge clean. Remove the cupcakes from the oven and allow them to cool for 5 minutes. Gingerly remove them from the tins so the heat from it doesnt continue to cook the cupcakes and risk drying them out. Set aside to cool completely.nIn a small, heatproof bowl, melt the chocolate over a pot of simmering water a double boiler. In a small saucepan, gently heat the sour cream over low heat. When the cream begins to simmer, shut off the heat and whisk in the vanilla. Use the tablespoon measure to measure out the cocoa powder and add it to the sour cream. Whisk to blend. Without cleaning the spoon, measure the corn syrup and add it to the chocolate. The layer of cocoa powder on the spoon will prevent the corn syrup from clinging to the spoon making it easier to add the precise amount of syrup. When the chocolate has melted, remove from the heat and allow the cream and chocolate to rest for 5 minutes. Gently stir them together and set aside.nWhen the cupcakes are cooled, spread the chocolate glaze over the tops and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick baking spray, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons lightly salted butter, room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup light brown sugar, 3 eggs, 2 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups whole milk yogurt, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, 34 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 4 tablespoons light corn syrup], title: Chocolate Glazed Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 22347: {instructions: For the honey syrup: Whisk together the honey and water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and stir until dissolved, about 1 minute. Cool and store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks.nFor the martinis: Stir together the lemon juice, vodka or gin, 34 cup honey syrup and 1 12 cups water in a carafe or pitcher. Wrap and refrigerate until chilled, 3 to 4 hours. When ready to serve, pour into chilled martini glasses and garnish with lemon wheels., ingredients: [12 cup honey, 12 cup warm water, 1 cup fresh lemon juice 5 to 6 lemons, Onehalf 750milliliter bottle vodka or gin 14 ounces, Lemon wheels, for garnish], title: Honey LemonDrop Martini, picturelink: qFHaaKERjhQfM4LlNyfcaAJFMdKg3NK}, 22348: {instructions: Bring 5 or 6 inches of water to a boil in a large pot. Salt boiling water and add pasta. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until pasta is just tender and the tortellini are floating like buoys. Drain tortellini, then cool the cooked pasta by spreading them out on a large plate or a cookie sheet in a single layer.nCoarsely chop baby spinach. Combine with artichoke pieces, roasted red pepper and red onion. Chop garlic, then add salt to it and mash it into a paste with the flat of your knife. Transfer garlic paste to a small bowl and add lemon zest, lemon juice and vinegar to it. Whisk in oil, thyme and pepper. Add pasta and sundried tomatoes to the salad. Dress salad and gently toss. Serve or refrigerate., ingredients: [Coarse salt, 1 package fresh mushroom or chicken prosciutto or spinach filled tortellini recommended: Contadina or Buitoni brands available on dairy aisle in most markets, 12 pound fresh baby spinach, 1 15ounce can baby artichoke hearts in water, drained and chopped, 1 red roasted pepper, drained and chopped, 12 small red onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, cracked from skin, 1 lemon, zested, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, the juice of 1 wedge, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, a couple of splashes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped or 12 teaspoon dried leaves, eyeball it, Black pepper, A handful sundried tomatoes packed in oil, coarsely chopped], title: Spinach Artichoke Pasta Salad, picturelink: DiiQhusxdgvsFkwICYtlRSmi8Ru9UW}, 22349: {instructions: In a heavy bottomed pot place the salt pork and cook over lowmedium heat to render all the fat. Add the onions, celery and leek and cook for 12 to 15 minutes to sweat the vegetables without browning. Add the flour and stir to coat all the vegetables evenly, creating a pale golden roux. Add the hot water, stir well to avoid lumps, and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 30 minutes at a strong simmer before adding the diced potatoes, return to the simmer, and allow to cook for 15 minutes. Add the milk and heat thoroughly but do not scorch or boil the milk. Ad the clams, heat through and adjust the seasoning. Serve with oyster crackers., ingredients: [14 pound salt pork, finely minced, 1 large onion, chopped, about 1 cup, 2 celery stalks, chopped, about 1 cup, 1 large leek, white and light green part only, well washed, chopped, about 1 cup, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 quart hot water, 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1 quart milk, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 dozen chowder clams steamed open, chopped, cleaned and their juices reserved, Oyster crackers], title: New England Style Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 22350: {instructions: Regardless on the size of your crayfish, they are best cooked whole. This way the carapace acts like an oven itself, whereby the shell heats up and bakes the flesh inside.nHowever, if you are cooking a fairly large crayfish its advisable to split it down the back with a sharp heavy knife. This will help it to cook quicker and make it more manageable to serve once its cooked.nI love cooking it on a barbecue, but it can be cooked just as well at home under a domestic grill, if split in half. Cooking times will vary, but a whole crayfish of around 1 to 1 34 pounds will take about 15 to 20 minutes above a hot barbecue, turning it around to cook through evenly. If the crayfish is halved, it will take between 10 to 15 minutes. A large crayfish, around 2 pounds, will take 25 to 35 minutes and if split, about 15 minutes.nServe grilled crayfish very simply with a little olive oil and lemon juice, or melted butter. However, the following dressings add a little oomph to this delicious meat.nPlace all of the above in a blender and puree to a thick dressing. Taste for seasoning, then let rest for at least 30 minutes before serving.nHeat the butter in a small pan, when its bubbling add the onion and chile and cook over a moderate heat until the onion just begins to soften, about 2 minutes. Take it off the heat, stir in the juice, cilantro, and salt. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Crayfish or spiny lobster, Dressings, recipes follow, optional, 1 large ripe tomato, 1 small finger fresh root ginger, peeled, 1 large lemon, juiced, 12 cup virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 12 ounces 100 grams butter, 1 smallish red onion, peeled and finely diced, 12 red chile, medium heat, diced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 large handful cilantro fresh coriander, roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon sea salt], title: Grilled Crayfish or Spiny Lobster with Dressings, picturelink: null}, 22351: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove skin from chicken and shred meat into large pieces. Set aside.nIn a small frying pan, add vegetable oil and heat over medium heat. When oil is hot, add chopped onions and saute until soft.nIn a large pot or Dutch oven, add broth, poultry seasoning, salt, pepper, carrots, celery, and sauteed onions. Bring to a boil. Reduce to simmer for about 10 minutes to soften vegetables, and then add shredded chicken. Continue to simmer while making dumplings.nWhile stew is simmering, prepare dumplings. Open can and remove biscuits. On a lightly floured surface, roll each biscuit to 14inch thick. With a knife, cut each biscuit into 4 piepieces. Set aside.nSkim surface for any scum that has risen to top. Stir in chicken gravy.nWith the stew still simmering over low heat, stir in dumplings a few at a time. Once all dumplings are in to pot, cover with a tight fitting lid and cook for 10 minutes.nLadle into bowls and serve piping hot., ingredients: [1 whole storebought roast chicken about 2 pounds, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 container 7 ounces chopped onions, 6 cans 14 ounces lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground pepper, 1 container 14 ounces precut carrot sticks, chopped, 1 roll 16.3 ounces golden buttermilk biscuit dough, 1 can 10.5 ounces condensed chicken gravy], title: Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: 11zLE2v9PVlYH0wmG1C8m8D2Ee3j9K}, 22352: {instructions: Lay the orange slices in a 6quart slow cooker. Toss the chicken with the flour, lemon zest, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl add to the slow cooker in a single layer. Combine the chili sauce, soy sauce, ginger and garlic in a bowl pour over the chicken.nCover the slow cooker and cook on low, 7 hours. Uncover and gently stir, breaking up the chicken into large pieces let stand 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs. Drain toss with the watercress.nSeason the chicken with salt and pepper. Serve over the noodles and top with the cilantro.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 orange, halved and thinly sliced, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs 5 to 6 thighs, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup sweet chili sauce, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and minced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 6 ounces thin rice noodles, 1 bunch watercress, tough stems removed, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro], title: SlowCooker SoyCitrus Chicken, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 22353: {instructions: Melted butter, for brushing pansn7 ounces allpurpose flournPinch saltn1 generous teaspoon baking powdern7 tablespoons butter, softenedn8 ounces caster sugar superfinen1 teaspoon vanilla extractn2 eggs, separatedn3 12 ounces shelled walnuts, roughly choppedn3 12 ounces milknPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush 2 8inch or 3 7inch cake pans or sandwich pans with melted butter, and dust with flour. Line the base of each pan with parchment or greaseproof paper.nIn a bowl, sift the flour with the salt, and baking powder.nIn a large bowl, or in an electric food mixer, cream the butter until soft. Add the sugar, and vanilla extract, and beat until the mixture is light and fluffy. Beat in the egg yolks, and then stir in the chopped walnuts. Fold in a quarter of the flour and milk into the mixture, alternating each, until they are incorporated.nIn a separate bowl, whisk the egg whites until they are stiff.nStir a quarter of the egg whites into the cake mixture, and then gently fold in the rest. Divide the batter between the tins, making a slight hollow in the center of each so that the cake rises evenly rather than forming a peak.nBake in the oven until firm to the touch or until a skewer inserted into the center of each cake comes out clean, about 16 to 20 minutes. Remove the cakes from the oven and allow to sit for 5 minutes, before turning out onto a wire rack to cool.nTo make the buttercream filling: Cream the butter until very soft, and then beat in the confectioners sugar, and the vanilla extract. When the cakes are cool, spread the buttercream filling on one layer, and top with the second layer, sandwiching the layers together.nMake the American frosting as described below. Spread the American frosting quickly over the cake with a palette knife, regularly dipping the knife into a jug of boiling water to help spread the icing. It sets very quickly at this stage, so speed is essential. Scatter with rose petals, if using, or arrange the walnut halves around the top of the cake, and allow the icing to set until it feels dry on the surface.nTo make the American Frosting: Ensure your cake is ready before you start, as this icing begins to set very quickly. Bring to the boil a saucepan of water large enough to hold a heatproof bowl. Place the egg whites in the bowl and whisk with a handheld electric beater until very stiff.nIn a separate saucepan over a mediumhigh heat, dissolve the sugar in the water and boil for 5 to 10 minutes until the liquid is thick and syrupy and has reached the thread stage  when the last few drops that fall from a metal spoon dipped into the syrup come off in one long, quite thick and syrupy thread.nPour the boiling syrup over the stiffly beaten egg whites, whisking all the time with the handheld beater. Place the bowl in the saucepan of simmering water. Continue to whisk over the water for 10 to 15 minutes until the icing is snow white, very thick and meringuelike.nSpread quickly over the cake with a palette knife, regularly dipping the knife into a jug of boiling water. The icing sets very quickly at this stage, so speed is essential., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, softened, 4 12 ounces icing sugar confectioners, sifted, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, American frosting, recipe follows, Edible rose petals, to decorate, 8 walnut halves, to decorate, 2 egg whites, 15 ounces caster superfine or granulated sugar, 3 12 ounces water], title: Walnut Cake with American Frosting, picturelink: 4qByMeO1XMxmWjJkw34QkfDkWVzpYdK}, 22354: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour a 12 by 18 by 1 12inch sheet pan and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugars on high speed until light, approximately 5 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, and the vanilla and mix well. Combine the buttermilk, sour cream, and coffee. On low speed, add the flour mixture and the buttermilk mixture alternately in thirds, beginning with the buttermilk mixture and ending with the flour mixture. Mix the batter only until blended.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top with a spatula. Bake in the center of the oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool to room temperature before frosting.nPlace the chocolate chips and heavy cream in a bowl set over a pot of simmering water, stirring occasionally, until the chips are completely melted. Off the heat, add the corn syrup and vanilla and allow the chocolate mixture to cool to room temperature. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whisk the chocolate mixture and softened butter on medium speed for a few minutes, until its thickened.nSpread the frosting evenly on the cake. Have the children decorate the cake with MMs., ingredients: [212 cups allpurpose flour, 112 cups good cocoa powder, 214 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup light brown sugar, packed, 3 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 3 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups buttermilk, at room temperature, 34 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons brewed coffee, 24 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, MMs candy for decorating], title: Double Fudge Cake with Chocolate Buttercream Frosting, picturelink: null}, 22355: {instructions: Sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and nutmeg and set aside.nCream butter until very light and fluffy, then add sugar gradually, creaming all the while. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition just enough to mix.nCombine the milk and the flavoring lemon, vanilla or lemon and vanilla. Add the sifted dry ingredients to the creamed mixture alternately with the milk, beginning and ending with the dry ingredients.nPour into a wellbutteredandfloured 10inch tube pan, filling to within about 2 inches of the top. Bake in a 300 degree oven for about 1 hour and 20 minutes, or until cake just begins to pull from the sides of the pan and a finger pressed gently on the top of the cake leaves a print that vanishes slowly.nCool cake upright in the pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes, then turn out on the rack and cool to room temperature before cutting. Serve as is or garnish, if you like with a dusting of confectioners sugar and a few red, ripe strawberries, ingredients: [4 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch of ground nutmeg, 2 cups unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 cups sugar, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup milk, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons lemon extract or vanilla, or 1 teaspoon each lemon extract and vanilla, Confectioners sugar, Fresh whole strawberries], title: Blue Ribbon Pound Cake, picturelink: null}, 22356: {instructions: To make the tomato sauce: In a large soup pot, heat the oil over high heat until smoking. Add the lightly floor cubed monkfish and cook for about 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove the fish and set aside. Add the onion, carrot and celery cook for another 5 minutes. Add the garlic, tomato and tomato paste cook for another 5 minutes. Deglaze the pan with brandy then white wine. Reduce by half and add 1cup of water or chicken broth. Add thyme and bay leave, season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil and reduce heat. Simmer for 15 minutes. Add the cream brings back to a boil simmer for another 5 minutes. Check the seasoning. Set aside.nTo make the risotto: In a medium saucepan, melt the butter. Add the onion and cook for 2 minutes. Add the rice and cook for 1 minutes stirring frequently. Add a cup of the liquid, cook and stir until all the liquid has been absorbed. Repeat the procedure until you have used all the liquid. Add the diced shrimp and the monkfish. Add some of the tomato sauce and cook for another 5 minutes add more sauce as needed the risotto should be creamy but not to liquid. Serve immediately in soup bowls and garnish with one of the whole shrimp, your favorite herb, and drizzle with the truffle oil., ingredients: [1 pound monk fish fillet cut into 5 inch cubes, 2 tablespoon flour, 12 2125 shrimp diced into 14 inch pieces save 4 shrimp whole, 2 cups arborio rice, 3 tablespoon butter, 1 small onion chopped, 3 cups chicken broth or water, 2 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion chopped, 1 medium carrot chopped, 1 celery stalk chopped, 1 tablespoon Tomato paste, 4 large tomato peeled, seeded and diced or one can dice tomato in juice, 4 cloves of garlic chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 14 cup brandy, 12 cup heavy cream, thymebay leave, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoon. Truffle oil, Herb of your choice for garnish chervil, parsley, tarragon or basil], title: Poor Man Lobster and Shrimp Risotto with Truffle Essence, picturelink: null}, 22357: {instructions: Place the garlic in a large mortar and pestle and mash well. Add the egg yolks and mash. While mashing, very slowly add the olive oil, drop by drop, to create an emulsion. When the mixture is thick and the oil is all added, season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nSoak the cod in water in the refrigerator for 3 days, changing the water 2 to 4 times a day. Drain well and cut into 2ounce pieces. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the bay leaf and lower to a simmer. Poach the cod in the water until just cooked, about 4 to 6 minutes. Drain and set aside to cool.nPlace the cod, eggs, carrots, cauliflower, string beans, potatoes, and snails on a large platter. Drizzle with the aioli. Serve remaining aioli in a bowl., ingredients: [4 to 6 garlic cloves, 2 egg yolks, 1 34 cups olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 pound salted cod, 1 bay leaf, 6 eggs, hard boiled, peeled and halved, 12 pound carrots, peeled, 12 pound cauliflower florets, blanched, 12 pound string beans, blanched, 12 pound potatoes, boiled until tender and cooled, 2 dozen snails, cleaned and cooked, optional], title: Le Grande Aioli, picturelink: null}, 22358: {instructions: Special equipment: toothpicksnFor the pork: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Sprinkle salt on the pork, then wrap the pork in the prosciutto and secure with toothpicks. Coat a large saute pan with oil and heat over high heat. Sear the pork on all sides, then transfer to a quarter sheet tray and roast for 8 to 10 minutes, turning the pork halfway through cooking. Reserve the saute pan with the drippings for a later use.nFor the chutney: Heat a large, straightsided saute pan over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook to render the fat. Add in the shallots and season with salt, and cook until soft and aromatic, 6 minutes. Add in the bourbon, brown sugar, vinegar, mustard, peaches, cinnamon, thyme bundle and some salt, and stir to combine. Bring to a boil and then reduce to a simmer. Simmer, stirring the peaches frequently until the liquid evaporates and the peaches are a chutneylike consistency, 10 minutes. Check to make sure the peaches are cooked through. Remove and discard the thyme bundle and cinnamon stick. Blend with an immersion blender if needed to achieve the correct consistency.nFor the asparagus: Return the reserved saute pan to the stove, add some oil if needed. Add the asparagus to the pan and saute until tender.nSlice the tenderloin on the bias and serve with the peach chutney and asparagus., ingredients: [Kosher salt, One 1pound pork tenderloin, 4 thin slices prosciutto, Olive oil, Two 14inchthick slices pancetta, diced, 12 shallot, minced, Kosher salt, 14 cup bourbon, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 2 peaches, peeled, pitted and cut into 12inch dice, 1 stick cinnamon, Thyme bundle, Olive oil, if needed, 1 bunch asparagus, stems removed and discarded], title: ProsciuttoWrapped Pork Tenderloin, Peach Chutney and Asparagus, picturelink: ZxrKxCSEfOSCjWDvX5tMGF12mlBrMu}, 22359: {instructions: For serving:nTrim off all but a thin layer of fat from the pork.nThe slowfry method: Melt the lard in a large 4quart, heavy saucepan over mediumlow heat. When it has melted but is not yet very hot, add the pork, water and lime zest. Cook with the lard at a gentle simmer, turning the pork occasionally, for about 40 minutes, until it is barely tender. Raise the heat to mediumhigh. If all of the water hasnt yet evaporated, the lard will come to a rolling boil, which will eventually diminish into small bubbles as the water evaporates. After the change occurs, the carnitas will need about 10 minutes to brown. Watch them carefully and remove when they are a light golden brown. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt.nThe boilthenfry method: Place the meat in a single layer in a wide, heavy saucepan, add enough water to cover the meat by 12inch, measure in the salt, and set over medium heat. Simmer, partially covered, turning the pork occasionally, until the meat is barely tender, about 40 minutes. Uncover, raise the heat to mediumhigh, and quickly boil away the liquid.nWhen you hear the meat begin to fry in its own rendered lard once the water is gone, turn the heat down to between medium and mediumlow. Let the pork fry, turning frequently, until evenly browned, about 30 minutes. Remove the ribs from the pan, drain on paper towels, and sprinkle with a little salt.nWhile the meat is cooking, prepare the guacamole, scoop it into a serving bowl and garnish. Serve the crispy ribs on a warm serving platter and pass the guacamole to eat along with them. Or cut the meat off the bones and roll with the guacamole into tacos.nIn a mediumsize bowl, mix the finely chopped onion and chiles with the optional tomato, garlic, and cilantro.nClose to the time you are going to serve, halve the avocados lengthwise by cutting from the stem to flower ends, around the pits. Twist the avocado halves in opposite directions to loosen the meat from pits, then scoop out the pits, and reserve. Scrape the avocado pulp from the skins and add it to the bowl.nUsing your hand or a spoon, roughly mash the avocado while mixing in the other ingredients, making a course, thick mass. Flavor with salt, then enough lime juice to add a little zing, if you wish. Return the pits to the guacamole and cover with a sheet of plastic wrap pressed directly onto the surface of the mixture. Set aside for a few minutes to let the flavors blend.nThe guacamole is very attractive in a pottery bowl or Mexican mortar, sprinkle with chopped onion, cilantro, radish slices andor queso fresco cheese radish roses really dress it up.nabout 3 cups, serving 6 as an appetizer, 12 to 15 as a dip, ingredients: [2 12 pounds thick, meaty, pork country ribs, For the slowfry method:, 2 pounds lard or enough to cover the meat, 14 cup water, 1 lime, zest removed with a vegetable peeler in wide strips, Course salt, about 12 teaspoon, For the boilthenfry method:, Water to cover the meat, 12 teaspoon salt, plus a little course salt for sprinkling on before serving, For serving:, About 2 cups Chunky Guacamole, recipe follows, with all its garnishes cheese, radish roses, cilantro, etc., 12 small onion, very finely chopped, 2 to 3 serranos or 1 to 2 jalapenos, stemmed, seeded and very finely chopped, 1 ripe, mediumlarge tomato, cored and very finely chopped, optional, 1 clove garlic, peeled and very finely chopped, optional, 10 sprigs fresh cilantro, chopped, optional, 3 ripe, mediumsize avocados, Salt, about 12 teaspoon, 12 lime, juiced, optional, Additional chopped onion, fresh cilantro, radish slices or roses, andor a little crumbled Mexican queso fresco or other fresh cheese like feta or farmers cheese, for garnish], title: Savory Golden Country Ribs with Guacamole: Carnitas con Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 22360: {instructions: Cut the eggplant in half lengthwise and widthwise and stripe the skin with a peeler. Core the eggplant, leaving at least 13inch outer layer. Reserve cores for red sauce. Saute the eggplant in vegetable oil until all sides are brown.nLightly brown the beef in a frying pan and drain oil. Blend the beef in a food processor and then return to the pan. Add remaining ingredients and cook over mediumhigh heat for 4 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and continue to cook for about 10 minutes.nFor the red sauce, blend the eggplant cores, green pepper, and jalapeno until smooth in a food processor. Place in saucepan with heated olive oil and saute until it boils and melts together, about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the remaining ingredients and boil until it thickens and oil appears at top.nThen stuff eggplant with prepared beef and top with red sauce. Garnish with parsley and serve with rice., ingredients: [2 medium eggplants, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 tablespoon freshly ground pepper, 12 tablespoon salt, Parsley, for garnish, 2 eggplant cores, 12 green pepper, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon beef base, 4 cups crushed tomatoes], title: Sheik Babani, picturelink: null}, 22361: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nWhisk egg white until foamy in a medium bowl. Whisk in sugar, water, salt, cumin, cayenne, garlic and ancho powders. Toss nuts in mixture until well coated.nSpray a sheet pan with nonstick cooking spray or line with parchment. Spread nuts out on the prepared pan in a single layer. Cook for 45 minutes until slightly golden, turning nuts with a spatula every 15 minutes so they toast evenly and dont stick.nSet the nuts aside, stirring periodically as they cool. When completely cool, transfer to serving bowl and garnish with dried red chiles if desired., ingredients: [1 egg white, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon ancho chili powder, 2 cups highquality dry roasted unsalted peanuts, 5 dried chiles, optional garnish], title: Screaming Hot Peanuts, picturelink: 0DYxT4n8ExLrDOMsdsgHbG8ADaW6LD.}, 22362: {instructions: Special equipment: 5 2 by 2 14inch round molds and an electric mixernPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nButter the round molds with the unsalted butter and dust with cocoa powder, tapping out excess cocoa.nMelt the extra bitter chocolate and the unsalted butter in a double boiler. In an electric mixer, beat the eggs, yolks, and sugar until light and fluffy. Stir in the chocolatebutter mixture. Add all the flour and mix until just incorporated.nPipe or carefully spoon the batter into the prepared molds, filling no more than 12 full.nPlace the filled molds on a baking sheet. Refrigerate for a minimum of 20 minutes. The batter will hold overnight in the refrigerator after its been put into the molds. Bake for 7 to 9 minutes.nThe tops will have cracks, the sides will be set, but the centers will be very soft.nServe immediately and drizzle with Espresso Creme Anglaise.nWhisk the yolks and the sugar together until thickened and pale yellow.nIn a small pot warm the cream just to the boiling point over medium heat.nWhile whisking, add some of the hot cream into the egg mixture. Pour into the pot with the rest of the cream and stir with a wooden spoon or rubber spatula until the mixture thickens enough to coat the back of the spoon. Add the espresso. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for cake molds, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 3 ounces extrabitter chocolate, finely chopped, 3 ounces unsalted butter, 2 eggs, 2 egg yolks, 3 ounces sugar, 1 12 ounces allpurpose flour, Serving suggestion: Espresso Creme Anglaise, recipe follows, 3 egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 1 12 cups light cream, 3 tablespoons brewed espresso], title: Molten Chocolate Cake, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 22363: {instructions: In a blender place peeled avocado, add a pinch of chile powder, juice of one lime, salt and pepper, and add some nonfat yogurt. Thin with ice water if necessary. Blend to a pouring consistency. Serve over mesclun, pink grapefruit segments and diced red pepper., ingredients: [One peeled avocado, with pit removed, Pinch of chile powder, Juice of one lime, Salt and pepper to taste, Nonfat yogurt, Ice water, Accompaniments: Mesclun greens, pink grapefruit segments and diced red pepper], title: Curtis Quick Avocado Dressing, picturelink: null}, 22364: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Coat baking sheet lightly with nostick cooking spray. Combine flour, sugar and baking powder in a large bowl. Add shortening. Beat with electric mixer on low speed until shortening is completely blended into flour mixture. Add milk, egg and lemon extract, mixing just until blended.nRoll dough into 1inch balls. Place 1inch apart on prepared baking sheet. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool completely on baking sheet on wire rack.nFor frosting: Beat powdered sugar, shortening, 2 tablespoons warm milk and lemon extract in medium bowl with electric mixer on low speed until blended. Beat in additional warm milk, a little at a time, until desired consistency. Spread on top of cookies., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks AllVegetable Shortening, 12 cup milk, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 teaspoons lemon extract, 2 cups powdered sugar, 13 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks AllVegetable Shortening, 14 cup warm milk, divided, 1 teaspoon lemon extract], title: Italian Lemon Drop Cookies, picturelink: a4JaOIHmJ9nHBswlEa0TEAHvo0oWje}, 22365: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Place the raisins in a small bowl and cover with 1 cup hot water. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and celery, season with salt, pepper, and poultry seasoning, and cook until softened, 6 to 7 minutes.nDrain the raisins, reserving the liquid, and put them into a large bowl with the bread, walnuts, parsley, and sage. Add the cooked onions and celery. Mix everything together, pour over the chicken broth, season with salt and pepper, and mix again. If the mixture seems too dry, add some of the reserved soaking liquid from the raisins. Spoon the stuffing into the prepared baking dish stuffing can be made ahead to this point, covered, and refrigerated overnight. Bake until the top is golden brown, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup golden raisins, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 celery stalks, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 1 loaf stale bread, cubed, 1 cup walnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves, 2 14 12ounce cans chicken broth], title: Stuffing with Golden Raisins and Walnuts, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 22366: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the lime curd: Combine the lime juice, sugar and butter in a medium saucepan and cook on a low flame until the butter melts. Beat the eggs, add to the saucepan and stir until combined. Bring to a simmer. Stir constantly and cook until the mixture is a thick and creamy consistency, 5 to7 minutes. Pass through a mesh strainer. Chill for 2 hours in the fridge.nFor the crust: Add the sugar and graham crackers to a food processor. Pour in the melted butter and pulse to combine.nFor the topping: Whip the cream with the sugar until stiff.nTo assemble, layer the crumb mixture into the bottom of a serving cup, followed by the lime curd. Top with the whipped cream mixture and garnish with lime zest., ingredients: [1 cup lime juice, 2 cups sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 14 eggs, 13 cup sugar, 12 whole graham crackers, 13 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups whipping cream, 12 cup powdered sugar, Lime zest, for garnish], title: Individual Key Lime Pies, picturelink: pkNtENpEwnlk2lZFDRe9u6zusdWBuYm}, 22367: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the orange juice, lemon juice, shallots, honey, salt, and pepper. Slowly pour in the olive oil, whisking constantly, to form an emulsion. If not using within an hour, store the vinaigrette covered in the refrigerator.nPlace the arugula, watermelon, feta, and mint in a large bowl. Drizzle with enough vinaigrette to coat the greens lightly and toss well. Taste for seasonings and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, 14 cup minced shallots 1 large, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cup good olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups baby arugula, washed and spun dry, 18th seedless watermelon, rind removed, and cut in 1inch cubes, 12 ounces good feta cheese, 12inch diced, 1 cup 4 ounces whole fresh mint leaves, julienned], title: Arugula, Watermelon and Feta Salad, picturelink: Vlw.L2JmihTX3KhJtoZJdrJRLV.sQi}, 22368: {instructions: Toss the pear, pear juice, brandy, granulated sugar, lemon juice and salt in a medium bowl. Cover with plastic wrap set aside. Beat the mascarpone, heavy cream, confectioners sugar, vanilla and white pepper in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or in a large bowl with a hand mixer on mediumlow speed until combined, about 1 minute. Increase the mixer speed to medium high and beat until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 more minutes do not overbeat. Line a 9by5inch loaf pan with plastic wrap, leaving a 2inch overhang on all sides. Arrange 9 ladyfingers in the bottom of the pan in a single layer. Top with half of the pears and drizzle with 3 tablespoons of the pear liquid. Spread 1 cup of the mascarpone mixture over the pears. Repeat with 9 more ladyfingers, the remaining pears, 3 tablespoons of the pear liquid and 1 cup mascarpone mixture. Top with the remaining 9 ladyfingers and drizzle with 3 tablespoons of the pear liquid. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 8 hours or overnight. Transfer the remaining mascarpone mixture to an airtight container and refrigerate until ready to serve. To serve, let the reserved mascarpone mixture come to room temperature. Lift the tiramisu out of the pan using the plastic wrap and invert onto a platter remove the plastic wrap. Cover the top and sides with the remaining mascarpone mixture.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [12 cup pear juice or nectar, 1 firm pear such as Anjou or Bartlett, peeled and thinly sliced, 12 cup pear brandy, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 8ounce containers mascarpone cheese, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon finely ground white pepper, 27 soft ladyfingers], title: PearWhite Pepper Tiramisu, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 22369: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine orange juice, lemon juice, and pineapple juice, in a blender. With the blender running, slowly add 2 ounces of the olive oil to emulsify. Add pepper, salt, and sugar, to taste. Set aside.nRoast 1 whole beet with the skin on, until tender, about 1 hour. Remove the beet from the oven and let cool. Peel the skin off the beet and trim the ends. Cut the beet into quarters and puree in a blender with the remaining 2 ounces of olive oil and 2 ounces of water. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put beet oil in a squirt bottle and set aside.nToss microgreens in some of the citrus vinaigrette and place in the center of a plate. Toss chopped lobster meat and some of the chopped chives in remaining citrus vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper. Place 3 ounces of the lobster meat mixture in front of the micro greens. A ramekin or circular mold may be used to form the salad. Drizzle roasted beet oil on either side of the salad. Place orange segments and remaining chives on top of the lobster meat., ingredients: [1 ounce fresh squeezed orange juice, 1 ounce fresh squeezed lemon juice, 2 ounces canned pineapple juice, 2 ounces 10 percent blended olive oil, plus 2 ounces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sugar, 1 medium beet, 2 ounces water, 4 ounces microgreens, 1 12 pounds cooked and chilled lobster meat, 14 cup chopped chives, 16 orange segments], title: Chilled Lobster Salad, picturelink: null}, 22370: {instructions: Coarsely chop the rosemary, thyme and scallions. Transfer to a small bowl and mix with 1 tablespoon olive oil.nSeason the tuna all over with salt and pepper and put in a shallow dish. Coat with the herb mixture on both sides cover and refrigerate 1 to 4 hours.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the tuna and sear until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side for medium rare.nTransfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes before slicing.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [3 sprigs rosemary, leaves stripped, 6 sprigs thyme, leaves stripped, 3 scallions, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 1pound centercut tuna steaks about 1 inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Herbed Tuna Steaks, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 22371: {instructions: Season chicken on all sides with salt and pepper. Place the chicken in a shallow dish. Combine the buttermilk, green onions, garlic, and green peppers and the buttermilk. Pour the buttermilk mixture over the seasoned chicken, cover, and marinate for 24 hours, in the refrigerator.nHeat the canola oil in a deep pot to 350 degrees F. Be careful not to fill the pot more than halfway so the oil doesnt boil over when the chicken is added. Place the flour in a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Remove the chicken from the marinade and dredge in the seasoned flour, shaking off any excess. Fry the chicken until crisp, amber brown in color, and cooked through, about 20 minutes. The dark meat will take a little longer to cook. While the chicken is frying, make your roux.nIn a large, deep soup pot over medium heat, add the oil. Stir in the flour and cook, stirring often, until the roux is peanut butter colored, about 10 to 15 minutes. Whisk in the chicken stock and add the onions, bell pepper, and celery. Bring to a simmer and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nDrain the fried chicken on clean paper towels and add to the thickened chicken stock mixture. Cook for 30 minutes under a low flame. Serve chicken over white rice with a little extra gravy. Garnish with some green chopped onions and enjoy., ingredients: [1 fryer chicken, cut into 8 pieces, Salt and pepper, 2 cups buttermilk, 1 cup chopped green onions, 1 cup minced garlic, 12 cup chopped green peppers, 4 cups canola oil, for frying, 6 cups allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 quarts chicken stock, 1 cup chopped green onions, plus more for garnish, 1 cup chopped green bell pepper, 1 cup chopped celery, Cooked white rice, as accompaniment], title: Chicken Etouffee, picturelink: null}, 22372: {instructions: Bring the water and salt to a boil in a large pot. The water should taste like the ocean.nAdd the live langoustines and boil them for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the water and cool.nEat them, as is, with aioli garlic mayonnaise and toast., ingredients: [2 12 quarts water, 14 cup salt, 2 pounds Danish langostines Norwegian lobsters, Serving suggestions: Aioli garlic mayonnaise and toasts.], title: Cooked Langoustines, picturelink: null}, 22373: {instructions: Season the chicken generously with salt and black pepper place on a baking sheet, cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate 1 hour.nMix the buttermilk, hot sauce, bay leaf, garlic and thyme in a large resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken, making sure the pieces are submerged. Seal and refrigerate 2 to 4 hours.nMix the flour, baking powder, paprika, onion powder, cayenne, 3 12 teaspoons salt and 1 12 teaspoons black pepper in a separate resealable bag.nFill a deep 12inch castiron skillet halfway with equal parts peanut oil and shortening. Heat over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F.nRemove about half of the chicken pieces from the buttermilk mixture, letting the excess drip off. Transfer to the bag of seasoned flour seal and shake to thoroughly coat. Remove from the bag, shake off any excess flour and transfer to a rack.nCarefully lower the coated chicken into the oil. The temperature will drop to 300 degrees F to 325 degrees F adjust the heat to maintain this temperature so the crust doesnt burn before the meat is cooked. Fry, undisturbed, 2 to 3 minutes to set the crust, then carefully lift with tongs to check the browning continue to fry, turning as needed, until golden brown and cooked through, 12 to 14 more minutes for smaller pieces and 14 to 16 more minutes for larger ones. A thermometer should register 160 degrees F in the breasts and 170 degrees F in the thighs and drumsticks.nRemove the chicken to a clean rack to drain, sprinkle with salt and let rest a few minutes. Repeat with the remaining chicken. Serve hot or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 3pound chicken, cut into 10 pieces, or 3 pounds chicken pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart buttermilk, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 1 bay leaf, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 sprigs thyme, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 34 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying, Vegetable shortening, for frying], title: Classic Fried Chicken, picturelink: 3J6Pl9WNzIVu9tc3.L75rFi8vY1WxJu}, 22374: {instructions: Mix 2 cups the water with the cornstarch in a medium bowl and set aside. In a medium saucepan add the coconut milk, sugar and remaining water. Bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Pour the cornstarch mixture into the boiling coconut milk and cook until the mixture thickens, blending with a whip. When the mixture is smooth and thick, pour it into a clean baking tray. Cool to room temperature, and then refrigerate until cold. Cut into 1inch squares and serve on ti leaf lined trays., ingredients: [3 cups water, 16 ounces cornstarch, 2 16ounce cans coconut milk, 1 cup sugar], title: Haupia Recipe, picturelink: null}, 22375: {instructions: Preheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nOil barbeque grill topper or a baking sheet tray. With your hands work the dough ball out onto a lightly floured surface into a rectangular shape about 1inch thick. Shape doesnt have to be perfect. Place dough on lined baking sheet. Brush with some olive oil, then sprinkle top with grated Parmesan. Place 1 row of zucchini rounds along 1 side of dough. Working in and along side of the zucchini arrange 1 row of shallots followed by another row zucchini. With your fingertips gently press vegetables into the dough. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Place on preheated grill and cook for about 20 to 25 minutes until golden brown and crispy. Remove from grill, cut and serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 premade or storebought pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 small zucchini, cut crosswise on a bias 18inch thick, 3 shallots, thinly sliced], title: Grilled Savory Zucchini Flat Bread, picturelink: rdQP1y68XiuPMc5IERwrAmzV0KxzQ9O}, 22376: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the shrimp on a sheet pan and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Pour the olive oil and juice over the shrimp, and roast in the oven for 5 to 6 minutes.nFor the dressing, place the mayonnaise, ketchup, capers, gherkins, sweet pickles, lemon juice, salt and pepper in a bowl, and stir until blended. Serve with the roasted shrimp., ingredients: [12 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon olive oil, 12 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 34 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup ketchup, 1 teaspoon minced capers, 1 teaspoon minced gherkins, 1 tablespoon sweet pickles, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Shrimp with Thousand Island Dressing, picturelink: 03LGcwOHdtkNjnTjoU6EoaxJFbU10a}, 22377: {instructions: Preheat a stovetop grill pan over medium high heat.nIn a small bowl, combine lemon juice, vinegar, oregano and parsley. Whisk in evoo in a slow stream. Season dressing with salt and pepper.nTransfer tubs of crab to a bowl and run fingers through the meat to check for pieces of shells. Cut the ends off 2 navel oranges. Stand oranges upright and remove peels in strips working around each orange with a sharp small knife. Thinly slice the orange, then coarsely chop. Add chopped oranges and red onion to the bowl of crab meat. Drizzle the dressing over the crab mixture and toss to evenly coat. Cover and chill salad until ready to serve.nLightly brush the bread slices with oil and grill, turning once, until lightly toasted.nTo serve, mound the chilled crab salad over the grilled bread and enjoy with a Frozen Peach Champagne Cocktail., ingredients: [1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, a splash, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, stripped from a few sprigs, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, a handful of leaves, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for grilling bread, Salt and pepper, 2 6ounce tubs fresh lump crab meat, available at fish counter in larger markets, 1 navel orange, 12 medium red onion, chopped, 4 slices, 12inch thick, country sourdough bread], title: Crab Salad with Orange and Oregano on Grilled Sourdough, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 22378: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCrust:nCombine the flour, sugar and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Mix in the cold butter with a pastry blender or your hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Work in egg yolks and 1 to 2 tablespoons ice water until the dough holds together without being too sticky. If its still crumbly, add more ice water, 1 teaspoon at a time. Form into a ball, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nOn a floured surface, roll the dough into an 11 to 12inch circle with a floured rolling pin. Ease the dough into a 9inch pie pan, pressing firmly into the bottom and sides. Trim the excess dough, then pinch the edges. Refrigerate until ready to fill.nFilling:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSplit the pumpkins down the middle and scoop out the seeds. Arrange on a roasting tray, cut side up, and roast for 20 minutes. Remove the pumpkins from the oven and lay bananas in their skins around and between the pumpkin halves. Return to the oven and roast for another 10 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool slightly before handling, about 5 minutes.nScoop out the pumpkin flesh and add to a food processor. Peel the bananas and add the flesh to food processor as well. Add the 3 eggs, sugar, cinnamon, 2 tablespoons butter, nutmeg, heavy cream and salt. Puree until smooth.nPut a baking sheet on the bottom oven rack and preheat to 375 degrees F.nPour the filing into the prepared pie shell. Lightly beat the egg white. Brush the pastry edges with the egg white and sprinkle with a bit of sugar. Carefully arrange the pie on the preheated baking sheet, lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F and bake it until the pie is set but still jiggles slightly, about 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool completely.nTopping:nBeat the egg whites, powdered sugar, cream of tartar, and a pinch salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer until glossy medium peaks form, being careful not to over beat.nSpread the meringue mixture over the top of the pie, covering right to the edges. Using the back of a spoon press lightly into the meringue and pull up on the spoon to form peaks all over the surface of the meringue alternatively you can use a piping bag with a large star tip if you choose.nTo cook the meringue, preheat the broiler with the rack in the highest position. Put the pie under the broiler and broil until the meringue is set and golden brown, about 7 minutes, watching carefully to avoid burning, as it cooks quickly. Remove from the broiler and cool before serving., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 5 teaspoons sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 egg yolks, Ice water, 2 whole sugar pumpkins, 6 bananas, 3 large eggs, plus 1 egg white, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup heavy cream, Pinch kosher salt, 4 large egg whites, 6 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch salt], title: Pumpkin Banana Meringue Pie, picturelink: yNkfAMyIxg1Nh1PcxzMOq3tpcefwHbu}, 22379: {instructions: Mix 2 tablespoons each raw sugar and finely chopped dark chocolate on a plate. Combine 2 ounces each chocolate liqueur and vodka, 1 ounce chilled espresso, 12 teaspoon fresh orange juice and a strip of orange zest in a cocktail shaker with ice stir well. Moisten the rim of a chilled martini glass and dip it in the sugarchocolate mixture. Strain the cocktail into the glass and garnish with an orange wedge.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Dark Chocolate Martini, picturelink: OHNjng6xwXxjX.L8ELs2NPNZfYbLMC}, 22380: {instructions: Preheat the griddle pan to mediumhigh.nCoat the steak in oil and rub with the paprika, garlic, onion and some salt and pepper. Dress the scallions with a little oil as well, and season with salt and pepper.nGrill the steak about 12 minutes, turning once. While the meat rests, grill the scallions until marked.nDress the cress with the lemon juice and 1 tablespoon of olive oil, and then season with salt and pepper.nSlice the steak against the grain, 14inch thick. Fan the steak on a plate and top with the grilled scallions, cress and the crumbled blue cheese., ingredients: [One 2pound flank steak, brought to room temperature, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 teaspoons smoked sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, Salt and coarse black pepper, 1 bunch scallions, trimmed, 2 bunches watercress, tops trimmed away from stems, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 ounces smoked blue or Danish blue cheese, crumbled], title: Paprika Flank Steak with Watercress, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 22381: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until translucent, about 2 minutes. Stir in the rice and saute for 2 minutes, stirring a few times.nAdd the water, pepper, allspice, currants, salt, and figs. Stir gently.nBring the mixture to a boil, and then lower the heat. Cover and simmer until the rice is tender and the water is absorbed, about 20 minutes. If the water cooks out of the rice too quickly, you can add a little more, and then recover until cooked.nUncover the rice and fluff with a fork, being careful not to mash the figs. Plate, top with chopped almonds, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 cup jasmine or basmati rice, 2 cups water, Few grinds fresh black pepper, Pinch allspice, 2 tablespoons dried currants, Pinch salt, 6 fresh figs, stemmed and cut in half lengthwise, 2 tablespoons toasted almonds, chopped], title: Rice Pilaf with Figs, picturelink: PlEpxGt4Z8H.CPK8zwFhZCMm85L3Ne}, 22382: {instructions: In a saucepan, melt butter, milk, 13 cup sugar, and salt. Let cool to lukewarm.nIn a large bowl combine 2 tablespoons sugar, yeast, and water. Let stand until foaming appears, about 5 to 10 minutes. Beat eggs into yeast, and add milk mixture. Stir in 5 cups of the flour, 12 cup at a time. Use reserved cup of flour for kneading surface.nKnead dough until smooth, about 5 to 10 minutes. It will probably take the whole cup of reserved flour.nPlace in large bowl greased with nonstick spray, turn once to grease the top, cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 12 to 2 hours.nBeat together the cream cheese, salt, sugar, flour, lemon juice, vanilla, and eggs until smooth. Set aside.nOn flat surface, punch down dough and divide in half. Turn 1 portion of dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll to a 28 by 10inch rectangle. Do not roll too thin.nSpread half of the cream cheese filling lengthwise down the dough. Spread 12 of each pie filling on top of the cream cheese mixture. Place 1 baby anywhere in the filling.nRoll dough, starting at the long side. Gently place dough roll seam side down on a lightly greased baking sheet. Bring ends of dough together to form a circle. Tuck 1 end inside the other, moisten with water and pinch edges together to seal. Cover, and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F, and bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown.nRepeat directions with other half of ingredients.nOn a serving plate, ice the cake one strip at a time from center of ring to outside. Each stripe should be about 2 inches wide. Spread colored icing on cake and sprinkle colored sugar over icing. Repeat with each color of icing and sugar until entire cake is covered in icing and sugar toping.nHave a great Mardi Gras Laissez les bon temps rouler.nIn a bowl, combine sugar and butter, and stir until mixture is smooth. Separate mixture into 3 containers, and add food coloring. Mix until desired color is reached.nIn 3 lidded containers, add 12 cup of sugar in each, and add 1 food coloring to each container, cover, and shake vigorously., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 23 cup milk, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 teaspoons dry yeast, 13 cup warm water, 4 eggs, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, Pinch salt, 1 cup sugar confectioners variety preferred, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 lemon, juiced, 18 teaspoon vanilla, 2 eggs, 1 can cherry pie filling, 1 can blueberry pie filling, 2 plastic babies, Glaze, recipe follows, Colored sugar, recipe follows, 2 cups sugar, confectioners variety preferred, 14 cup butter, softened, Yellow food coloring Power, Purple food coloring Justice, Green food coloring Faith, 1 12 cups sugar, Yellow food coloring Power, Purple food coloring Justice, Green food coloring Faith], title: Kings Cake, picturelink: null}, 22383: {instructions: Melt chocolate and butterscotch separately in a double boiler over barely simmering water, or in the microwave at 50 percent power.nIn a medium bowl, combine the melted chocolate and butterscotch, and set aside. In another medium bowl, combine Chinese noodles, peanuts and raisins. Mix in the melted chocolate mixture. Drop the batter by heaping tablespoons onto waxed paper and refrigerate until set, about 20 minutes. Decorate cookies with sprinkles., ingredients: [12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, melted, 12 ounces butterscotch chips, melted, One 16ounce can Chinese noodles, One 16ounce can unsalted dry roasted peanuts, 1 cup raisins, Sprinkles, for decorating], title: Kristys Ancient Chinese Noodle Cookies, picturelink: null}, 22384: {}, 22385: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the fusilli and cook until tender but still firm to the bite. In a food processor combine walnuts with bread crumbs, garlic, oil and puree until smooth. Add ricotta cheese and broth and puree again to create a fairly smooth sauce. If sauce seems thick, add some water. Season to taste with salt and pepper and set aside. In a skillet saute radicchio in olive oil until just wilted. Drain the pasta and toss with walnut sauce and radicchio with oil from skillet. Toss to combine and garnish with grated Parmesan., ingredients: [12 ounces dry fusilli, 8 ounces walnuts, lightly toasted, 2 tablespoons dry bread crumbs, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 1 cup chicken broth or water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces radicchio, cut into chiffonade, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup grated Parmesan or Grana Padano cheese], title: Fusilli with Walnut Sauce and Radicchio, picturelink: null}, 22386: {instructions: Combine salad ingredients and dress with lemon juice and extravirgin olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and top salad with shavings of cheese made with a vegetable peeler., ingredients: [6 ribs of celery with leafy tops, wiped clean and thinly sliced on an angle, 4 large portobello mushroom caps, wiped clean with damp towel, 1 cup coarsely chopped flatleaf parsley , half a bunch, 1 cup arugula leaves, chopped, 1 cup torn or shredded basil leaves, about 20 leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, Extra virgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and pepper, Chunk of ParmigianoReggiano, for shavings], title: Celery and Portobello Salad, picturelink: lxyeoYW7oMY7upj26ZiS1a6cn4kmjaW}, 22387: {instructions: Combine the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, sugars and molasses in a large bowl with a wooden spoon until the sugar is dissolved the mixture shouldnt feel grainy when you rub some of it between your fingertips. Stir in the vanilla and then the milk. Add the flour mixture all at once and stir just until the dough comes together. Stir in the chocolate and the rice cereal. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill for at least 30 minutes or overnight.nPosition the racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats.nRoll the dough into 1 12inch balls using a cookie scoop or an ice cream scoop helps you get perfectly uniform cookies. Place the dough balls on the lined baking sheets, leaving 3 inches of space between them about 6 cookies should fit on a large baking sheet. Flatten the balls slightly with a spatula.n4. Bake until the cookies are golden brown around the edges, 14 to 18 minutes. Let cool for about 5 minutes, then transfer the cookies with a spatula to a wire rack to cool completely.nTo make sure the cookies bake evenly, switch the position of the baking sheets meaning move the cookies on the upper rack to the lower rack and vice versa and rotate the sheets from front to back halfway through the baking time., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 34 sticks 7 ounces unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon molasses, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 cup roughly chopped bittersweet chocolate about 4 12 ounces, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips about 3 ounces, 1 12 cups puffed rice cereal, such as Rice Krispies about 1 12 ounces], title: Extra Crispy Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 22388: {instructions: Place greens in bowl. Arrange all other ingredients attractively across greens. Add dressing when ready to serve.nWhip eggs vigorously until yolks turn pale yellow. Slowly incorporate oil to form an emulsion. Add remaining ingredients and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 chicken breasts, cooked and finely diced, 1 ounce iceberg lettuce, washed and chopped, 1 ounce romaine lettuce, washed and chopped, 2 ounces tomato, washed and chopped, 12 avocado, thinly sliced, 2 ounces bacon, cooked and finely chopped, 2 ounces hard boiled eggs, finely chopped, 2 ounces grated Roquefort cheese, Original Cobb Salad Dressing to taste, recipe follows, 2 egg yolks, 2 cups olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup water, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: The Original Cobb Salad, picturelink: null}, 22389: {instructions: Soak the chickpeas in water overnight. Drain and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F 160 degrees C.nScore the skin of the lamb with a very sharp knife. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. In a large castiron casserole over high heat, sear the lamb on all sides in the olive oil. Transfer to a plate.nIn the same casserole, add the onions and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the chickpeas, ancho chiles, garlic, epazote and water. Put the lamb back in the casserole. Cover with cactus leaves if using. Cover the pot. Cook in the oven until the meat is falloffthebone tender, about 6 hours.nJust before bringing to the table, stir in chopped epazote. Serve with salsa, chopped onions, cilantro, lime wedges and tortillas., ingredients: [2 cups500 ml dried chickpeas, One 5pound2.5 kg whole leg of lamb, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons30 ml olive oil, 2 onions, chopped, 2 dried ancho chiles, 1 head garlic, halved, 1 bunch epazote, plus more chopped for serving , 8 cups2 l water or stock, Cactus or maguey leaves, optional, Salsa, Chopped onions, Fresh cilantro leaves, Lime wedges, Corn tortillas], title: Don Pepes Barbacoa, picturelink: null}, 22390: {instructions: Bring water to a boil in a saucepan, add the tea leaves and remove pan from the heat. Gently stir the tea leaves to submerge them in the water. Let the tea steep for 5 minutes, or until it turns a brilliant orange and has a strong taste with no bitterness. Pour the tea through a coffee filter or fine mesh strainer into a pitcher. Add the sugar to the hot tea and stir well to dissolve completely. Set aside to cool to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate until ready to serve, or for up to 1 week.nTo serve, fill tall glasses with crushed ice, add tea to fill about 34 of each glass, then pour about 14 cup of evaporated milk or halfandhalf over the ice in each glass. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 cups water, 1 cup Thai tea leaves, 34 cup sugar, or as needed, Crushed ice, 1 12 cups evaporated milk or half and half], title: Thai Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 22391: {instructions: Cut the shrimp in half lengthwise. Mince the garlic. Shred the basil leaves. Toss together with the shrimp halves and the olive oil in a glass bowl. Cover and let sit in the fridge for about 1 hour. Remove 30 minutes before cooking.nHeat the oven to broil. Spread the shrimp over a baking sheet, dribbling over any basil oil that stays behind in the bowl. Broil 5 minutes until the flesh is cooked. Serve immediately., ingredients: [24 jumbo tigershrimp or langoustines, 2 cloves garlic, Two generous handfuls fresh basil leaves, 14 cup60 ml olive oil], title: Shrimp with Garlic and Basil Oil, picturelink: null}, 22392: {instructions: Peel taro root. First, for the chips, take your peeler and peel approximately one cup of long taro shreds. Reserve for frying.nTake the remaining taro and cut it up into rough 2 inch chunks. Place in a sauce pan, covering with cold water. Boil root until tender. Strain into a colander, reserving cup of the liquid. In a food processor, pulse taro, adding little dabs of butter as you go, along with some of the cooking liquid to make a smooth consistency. Remove and season with salt and pepper.nFor the chips:nHeat a couple of cups of peanut or grapeseed oil to 350 degrees. Drops shreds into oil in small batches. Remove when crisp the chips should still be light in color and salt.nFor the duck: Separate legs from the breast by cutting where the breast and carcass end and legs begin, or have your butcher cut it for you. Using a sharp boning knife, follow right along the breast bone on either side and remove both breasts. Trim fat along outside of the breast allowing approximately onethird of an inch of fat overlap. Score fat on breast by making a diagonal cut, making sure not to cut the breast meat. About four strokes is sufficient.nIn a food processor, dice unpeeled ginger and garlic until coarsely chopped. Place in a stainless steel bowl. Add remaining ingredients. Place the two whole duck legs and the four duck breasts in the marinade. Remove the duck breasts after one hour. The legs should continue to marinate for an additional half an hour, and then be removed.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Using the carcasses of the duck, place the duck legs on the duck carcass. Place legs and carcasses in a roasting pan and roast for 1 hour and 45 minutes to 2 hours. Check periodically to make sure the ducks are not getting too dark. They are ready when the leg wiggles freely to your touch, and they are a nice deep amber color. The skin should look crisp and rendered of fat. Cool. Once cooled, take your boning knife and cut through the skin right in the middle of the legs. Using your hands, separate duck legs. Use your thumb to get under the oyster and gently pull leg from the bones. Gently use your fingers to pull out the thigh bone. Trim legs a little to keep a nice triangular shape.nFor the breasts:nHeat a large, 12 inch saute pan to medium high. You can cook two duck breasts in one pan or cook one at a time in a smaller, 10 inch pan. Add two breasts, skin side down to start rendering the fat. Cook over medium high heat for a couple of minutes. You will need to remove the rendered fat as you go. Hold duck breast still with a pair of tongs and pour fat into a stainless bowl or other container. Return to heat. After the first couple of minutes on medium high heat, turn burner down to medium, so not to burn the duck. The duck should be a rich amber color. Continue cooking until the fat is almost completely rendered. You can check this by looking at the incisions of the fat. When there is only a thin, crisp skin, the duck is ready to be flipped. Turn duck over. Shut heat off and leave the breast to sit in the pan for about three to four minutes. Remove from pan and allow to rest for five minutes.nMeanwhile, place the duck legs in a medium to medium small saute pan, skin side down and pan covered to heat and finish any additional rendering of fat, approximately five minutes.nSlice duck breast into fairly thing slices, keeping the nice shape of the breast. With a spatula, pick up breast and fan it out onto the plate. Place duck legs on an angle near the top of the slices. Serve with Whipped Taro Root, Taro Chips, lots of julienned scallions, and a little Duck Jus.nIn a heavybottomed sauce pan, heat 2 tablespoons of oil. Add one chopped, roasted duck body, 1 leek, roughly chopped, one stalk of celery and one carrot cut into halfinch pieces. Cook until vegetables are golden. Add a cup of white wine and two cups of chicken stock and reduce by half. Add one half cup of soy marinade, cooking an additional few minutes. Skim off any fat and strain., ingredients: [2 pounds of taro root, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 cups of peanut or grapeseed oil, 2 4 pound Long Island ducks, 3 tablespoons ginger, 6 cloves of garlic, 1 quart Kikkoman soy sauce, 1 cup of sherry, 2 tablespoons of sesame oil, 1 12 cup julienned scallions, or more, Whipped Taro Root and Taro Chips see previous recipe, Duck Jus, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 chopped, roasted duck body, 1 leek, roughly chopped, 1 stalk celery, 1 carrot, cut into 12 inch pieces, 1 cup white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 cup soy marinade], title: Whipped Taro Root and Taro Chips, picturelink: null}, 22393: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace chicken, vegetables, and herbs and spices in 12quart stockpot. Set opened steamer basket directly on ingredients in pot and pour over water. Cook on high heat until you begin to see bubbles break through the surface of the liquid. Turn heat down to medium low so that stock maintains low, gentle simmer. Skim the scum from the stock with a spoon or fine mesh strainer every 10 to 15 minutes for the first hour of cooking and twice each hour for the next 2 hours. Add hot water as needed to keep bones and vegetables submerged. Simmer uncovered for 6 to 8 hours.nStrain stock through a fine mesh strainer into another large stockpot or heatproof container discarding the solids. Cool immediately in large cooler of ice or a sink full of ice water to below 40 degrees. Place in refrigerator overnight. Remove solidified fat from surface of liquid and store in container with lid in refrigerator for 2 to 3 days or in freezer for up to 3 months. Prior to use, bring to boil for 2 minutes. Use as a base for soups and sauces., ingredients: [4 pounds chicken carcasses, including necks and backs, 1 large onion, quartered, 4 carrots, peeled and cut in 12, 4 ribs celery, cut in 12, 1 leek, white part only, cut in 12 lengthwise, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, 10 sprigs fresh parsley with stems, 2 bay leaves, 8 to 10 peppercorns, 2 whole cloves garlic, peeled, 2 gallons cold water], title: Chicken Stock, picturelink: kawBzJ4uLNg89l7t9BdkUefPE1aDKJi}, 22394: {instructions: Lets make the kids version first. In a large pot, brown the ground beef all over, until no longer pink. If you need to drain the fat, go right ahead Add the cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder and a good pinch of salt. Saute for a minute or so. Add the garlic, onion and bell pepper. Saute until the veggies soften and the garlic is fragrant, another couple of minutes.nAdd the beans, diced tomatoes and tomato sauce. Stir to combine and let simmer for 10 minutes. Taste it. The kids will dig that, rightnLadle out about a cup for each of your littles. Top each bowl with shredded Cheddar and serve cornbread on the sidenNow lets finish this out for the adults. To the pot, add the beer, beef stock, jalapeno, brown sugar and the remaining 2 teaspoons chili powder. It will feel pretty soupy at this point, but let it simmer for another 20 minutes or so, stirring once in a while. Taste it one more time for any seasoning adjustments. Maybe a little salt Lime juice Go for it.nServe it with shredded cheese, sliced jalapeno, sour cream and torn cilantro sprigs. Boom., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 3 teaspoons chili powder, Salt and pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium white onion, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, One 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, One 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, One 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 cup stout beer, such as Guinness, 1 cup beef stock, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Lime juice, optional, Garnishes: shredded Cheddar, sour cream, sliced jalapeno, sour cream, torn cilantro sprigs, Serving suggestion: cornbread], title: One Recipe, Two Meals: SouthwestStyle Chili, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 22395: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease cookie sheet.nSpread almonds and espresso beans on 2 separate baking sheets bake 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly toasted. In a food processor fitted with steel blade, coarsely chop half of espresso beans transfer to a small bowl. In food processor finely chop almonds and remaining espresso beans with 12 cup of the sugar and add to bowl.nIn a large bowl, combine flour, baking powder and salt. Use your fingers to quickly cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in remaining sugar and coffeealmond mixture. Add eggs and brewed espresso, stirring until dough comes together.nOn lightlyfloured surface, knead dough 2 minutes until smooth. Shape into 2 flat 2inchwide logs dust with cinnamon or cocoa and place on cookie sheet. Bake 25 minutes, or until lightly browned. Remove from oven and cool on baking sheet. When cool enough to handle, use a serrated knife to slice logs on the diagonal into 12inchwide pieces. Place cut side down on cookie sheet and return to oven 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly golden. Cool on racks. Dip in melted chocolate, if desired, and let dry on wax paper. When chocolate is completely dried and hardened, store in tins up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 14 cups almonds 6 ounces, 6 tablespoons espresso coffee beans, 1 cup sugar, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoons salt, 1 stick chilled unsalted butter, cut in small pieces, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup brewed espresso, Ground cinnamon or cocoa, for dusting, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted for dipping], title: Toasted Espresso Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 22396: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the sausage, onions, bell peppers, celery, and garlic, and saute until the sausage begins to brown, 5 to 8 minutes. Add the chicken and allow to brown on all sides. Add the herbs and rice, followed by the tomato sauce, stock, hot sauce, and salt and pepper, to taste. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook uncovered until the rice is tender, 20 to 25 minutes, stirring occasionally., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 cups diced andouille sausage, 14 cup diced onion, 14 cup diced bell pepper, 14 cup diced celery, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 12 cups diced chicken, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 2 cups parboiled long grain white rice, 2 cups tomato sauce, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jambalaya, picturelink: 4gTGZ4b67q7dYdf5qKcIzLlNGtZen3m}, 22397: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pork tenderloin: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside.nSprinkle the pork with the salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer the pork to the prepared baking sheet and bake until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat registers 160 degrees F, about 30 minutes. Allow the meat to rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Slice the pork into 14to12inchthick slices.nFor the honey mustard: Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat in the same skillet used for browning the pork. Add the shallots, salt and pepper. Cook until the shallots are soft, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, 30 seconds. Add the wine and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the honey, mustard, vinegar and thyme. Simmer until thick, 2 minutes. Stir in the butter until melted and smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble the sandwiches: Slather the honey mustard on the cut sides of the baguettes. Arrange the pork slices in a single layer on the bottom halves of the baguettes. Spoon a little more honey mustard on top of the pork. Place the remaining baguette halves on top and serve. Serve any extra honey mustard alongside., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, Two 1pound pork tenderloins, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 large shallots, chopped, 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup white wine, such as pinot grigio, 12 cup honey, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, at room temperature, 6 sourdough demibaguettes or rolls, halved lengthwise], title: Pork Tenderloin Sandwiches with Honey Mustard, picturelink: QAGPxeczevfArsgPzaHKiiCnbWfrqy}, 22398: {instructions: Drizzle your bread with the wine, and then sprinkle evenly with the sugar., ingredients: [6 slices bread, 1 cup red wine, 14 cup sugar], title: Pane, Zucchero, Vino, picturelink: null}, 22399: {instructions: In a metal bowl whisk together the eggs and the sugar, set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water, and whisk the mixture until it begins to thicken. Whisk in the 2 tablespoons Marsala, continue to whisk the mixture until it is thick and foamy and registers 160 degrees on a candy thermometer. Spoon the zabaglione into small bowls or wine glasses. Garnish with crumbled biscotti or cookies., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons Marsala, Biscotti or butter cookies], title: Zabaglione, picturelink: null}, 22400: {instructions: Combine the green beans, mushrooms and 1 teaspoon salt in a 6quart slow cooker.nMelt the butter over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. Add the onions and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are tender and lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, then add the garlic and cook, stirring constantly, until the garlic is just softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the flour and stir constantly until it thickens into a paste, about 2 minutes. Add the halfandhalf and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper and cook, whisking occasionally, until thickened, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and season to taste with salt and pepper. Pour the sauce into the slow cooker and stir to coat the vegetables. The sauce will loosen as it cooks.nCover the slow cooker and cook on low until the green beans are tender but not mushy, about 4 hours. Remove the lid and stir. If the green beans look too soupy, cook for an additional 15 minutes uncovered. Season with additional salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a shallow serving dish and sprinkle with the fried onions. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 pounds green beans, trimmed and cut into2inch pieces about 12 cups, 1 pound sliced cremini mushrooms about 8 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large yellow onion, cut into 12inch diceabout 2 cups, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups canned frenchfried onions], title: SlowCooker Green Bean Casserole, picturelink: q1COgAodW9JsmmHP7ZmYc98S7YE0PZ6}, 22401: {instructions: Escarole is a winter green my father served to me raw in a salad. I always struggled with the underlying toughness of the leaves. I would smile and gulp down a lot of water while eating them My favorite treatment for them now is to drop them in a hot pan with a splash of olive oil and a touch of chili flakes. The forkgarlic clove trick adds a nice, light garlic flavor They will lose a lot of volume so dont be afraid to overload the pan and watch it wilt. Cook for only a few minutes and serve immediately.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil. Add the escarole and season lightly with salt and chili flakes. Cook the escarole, stirring, from time to time, with the fork, until they are completely wilted, about 2 to 3 minutes. This will allow a hint of garlic to touch the greens without overwhelming them. Drain and discard any liquid. Transfer the leaves to a kitchen towel and dry them off, slightly, before transferring them to a platter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 heads escarole leaves, about 1 12 pounds, washed, trimmed, dried and broken into bitesize pieces, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons chili flakes, 1 garlic clove, peeled and lightly smashed and stuck onto the tines of a fork], title: Wilted Escarole, picturelink: .M2AemDZtoMhXSXRmsnRzy6jyxQfsgO}, 22402: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Eight 6inchlong lollipop or popsicle sticksnFor the stirrers: Line a small baking sheet with wax or parchment paper. Place the chocolate in a small bowl over a pan of barely simmering water. Stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth. Insert a lollipop stick into each marshmallow. Dip the marshmallows into the chocolate, allowing any excess chocolate to drip back into the bowl. Place on the prepared baking sheet and refrigerate until the chocolate has set, 20 minutes.nFor the hot chocolate: Whisk together the almond milk, cinnamon and nutmeg in a 5quart saucepan. Bring to just below a boil over mediumhigh heat. Remove the pan from the heat and add the white chocolate and agave. Stir constantly until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth, 2 minutes. Keep warm over low heat until ready to serve.nPour the hot chocolate into mugs and stir with the marshmallow stirrers., ingredients: [1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghiradelli about 6 ounces, 8 marshmallows, 6 cups vanillaflavored unsweetened almond milk, such as Almond Breeze, or 6 cups whole milk, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 ounces white chocolate, such as Lindt, chopped or broken into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon agave], title: White Hot Chocolate with Marshmallow Stirrers, picturelink: Lf64dtE.qCxDdDMClmyjjJjvf7vqne}, 22403: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nShave the brussels sprouts horizontally into 18inch slices with a sharp knife or mandoline. Add to a bowl. Add the Cheddar, flour, thyme, garlic and some salt and pepper to the bowl. Toss to combine. Add the mixture to an 8 by 8inch baking dish, packing it in. Pour over the heavy cream.nIn a small bowl, combine the panko, Parmesan and oil and pour over the brussels sprouts mixture.nBake uncovered until the brussels sprouts are tender, the sauce is bubbling and the top is golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Garnish with the parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 pounds brussels sprouts, cleaned and trimmed, 34 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon picked fresh thyme leaves, 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 to 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Brussels Sprout Gratin, picturelink: mQGw90PCJYCIEVKxkwzPQEu84fh9uG}, 22404: {instructions: Special equipment: whipped cream charger and nitrous oxide cartridgenPlace the eggs, sugar and salt into the bowl of a stand mixer with the whisk attachment and whisk for 1 12 minutes on mediumhigh speed. Add the melted chocolate, flour, espresso powder and vanilla and whisk on medium speed for 30 seconds.nPour 2 cups into a whipped cream charger. Fill only halfway. Charge with 1 nitrous oxide cartridge. Shake 10 to 15 times. Dispense the foam into coffee mugs until onethird full.nPlace 1 mug at a time in a microwave. Cook for 45 seconds at 90percent power. Repeat with the remaining batter. Serve the cakes immediately., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 5 12 ounces sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 7 12 ounces good quality semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled slightly, 1 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Instant Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 22405: {instructions: Adjust rack onethird up from bottom of oven. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9 x 3inch tube pan or two loaf pans. Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt and set aside. Combine milk and rum and set aside. In large bowl of electric mixer cream the butter. Add the sugar and beat for 2 to 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs individually, scraping the bowl as necessary with a rubber spatula to keep mixture smooth. On lowest speed alternately add the dry ingredients in three additions and the milkrum in two additions, scraping the bowl with the rubber spatula as necessary and beating only until smooth after each addition. Stir in grated ginger. Turn the batter into prepared pans. Level top by gently shaking pan back and forth.nBake for about 65 minutes until a cake tester comes out dry. Let cake stand in the pan for about 3 minutes and then cover with a rack and invert. Remove pan, leaving the cake upside down. Place over a large piece of aluminum foil or wax paper and prepare glaze.nGLAZE: 13 cup rum, 12 tablespoons sugarnStir the rum and sugar together and brush all over the hot cake until absorbed. If using loaf pans, turn the cakes over and brush the tops too.nDo not cut cake for at least several hours., ingredients: [3 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons doubleacting baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 pound 1 cup butter, 2 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 23 cup milk, 13 cup gingerflavored rum see Note, 13 tablespoons to your taste finely grated fresh ginger preferably from your rum jar], title: Ginger Rum Cake, picturelink: null}, 22406: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange a rack in middle. Line an 8 by 8inch baking dish with aluminum foil, leaving a few inches of overhang on each side.nCombine the pecans, butter, flour, sugar, and salt in bowl of a food processor and pulse until the mixture is well combined and it resembles coarse meal. Press the mixture evenly into the prepared baking dish and bake until lightly golden, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately make the filling.nFor the filling: Whisk together the sugar, molasses, corn syrup, butter, rum if using, vanilla, salt, and eggs in a small bowl until well combined. Add the pecans and stir to coat. Pour the pecan mixture over the hot crust and return the baking dish to the oven.nBake until top is browned and set, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool completely before removing from dish and cutting into 1inch squares., ingredients: [12 cup pecans, toasted and roughly chopped, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter 34 stick, cut into small chunks, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup light molasses, 13 cup light corn syrup, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter 12 stick, melted, 1 tablespoon dark rum, optional, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup toasted and roughly chopped pecans], title: Pecan Bars, picturelink: u8Q8AwexokIPGzLMBqJbkAQzNbMfi4e}, 22407: {instructions: Place rice, stock, turmeric, and chili powder into a large microwave safe bowl or measuring cup. Microwave on high for 10 minutes and on medium for an additional 15 minutes. Remove from microwave and fluff rice with a fork. Stir in marinade and black beans.nPlace rice, stock, turmeric, and chili powder into a large microwave safe bowl or measuring cup. Microwave on high for 10 minutes and on medium for an additional 15 minutes. Remove from microwave and fluff rice with a fork. Stir in marinade and black beans., ingredients: [2 cups long grain white rice, 3 12 cups low sodiumlow fat chicken stock, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 23 tablespoons marinade from Chicken Tonette, 1 can black beans, drained, 2 cups long grain white rice, 3 12 cups low sodiumlow fat chicken stock, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 23 tablespoons marinade from Chicken Tonette, 1 can black beans, drained], title: Black Beans and Rice, picturelink: null}, 22408: {instructions: Put bacon strips on a parchmentline baking sheet put another pan on top. Bake at 400 degrees, 10 minutes, then uncover and back 10 more minutes.nLightly mix 6 ounces ground beef chuck with a big pinch of kosher salt. Form into a ball, then into a 34inchthick patty make an indentation in the center. Heat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat sprinkle the skillet with salt.nCook the burger 4 to 5 minutes per side top with 2 slices cheddar in the last minute of cooking cover to melt. Serve on a sesame bun with the bacon., ingredients: [], title: Bacon Cheese Burger, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 22409: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nCut the tops from the pumpkins and set aside. Hollow out the centers of each pumpkin and place the pumpkins onto one of the prepared baking sheets. Prepare the cake mix according to the package instructions, stirring in 14 cup of the pumpkin seeds at the end. Pour some cake batter into each pumpkin, filling halfway. Sprinkle the top of each with the remaining 14 cup pumpkin seeds.nLightly brush the cut side of each pumpkin top with vegetable oil and sprinkle with sugar. Place the pumpkin tops cutside down on the other baking sheet.nPut both baking sheets in the oven. Bake the pumpkin tops for about 25 minutes, and then set aside to cool. Bake the batterfilled pumpkins until a wooden toothpick inserted in the centers comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool completely on a cooling rack.nPut a pumpkin top on each pumpkin cake and serve with maple syrup., ingredients: [6 mini Sugar Pie pumpkins, One 18.25ounce box spice cake mix, plus necessary ingredients, 12 cup shelled pumpkin seeds, Vegetable oil, for brushing, Sugar, for sprinkling, Maple syrup, for serving], title: Mini Pumpkin Cakes, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 22410: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the meatballs: Cut the bread into small cubes and combine with the buttermilk, parsley, garlic, egg yolks, cayenne pepper, salt, crushed chiles, black pepper, white pepper and gelatin mixture. Mix well into a paste. Add the beef, pork, veal, prosciutto, Romano and olive oil. Mix thoroughly.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet.nForm the mixture into twelve 4 12ounce meatballs and place on the prepared baking sheet. Cook until the internal temperature reaches 155 degrees F.nFor the marinara sauce: Heat a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil, onions and garlic. Cook until softened. Remove from the heat and combine in large bowl with the tomatoes, basil and pepper. Crush the tomatoes by hand to the desired size.nFor the meatballs and sauce: Place the meatballs in baking pan and submerge with the finished marinara. Cover the pan and bake for 20 minutes.nRemove the meatballs and place in a serving bowl. Top the meatballs with the marinara and garnish with the Parmesan, chopped pistachios and lime zest., ingredients: [3 slices white bread, 34 cup buttermilk, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 2 large egg yolks, 12 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon crushed red chiles, 12 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon gelatin mixed with 12 tablespoon water, 8 ounces lean ground beef, 8 ounces ground pork, 8 ounces ground veal, 3 ounces finely minced prosciutto, 34 cup grated Romano, 34 cup olive oil, 15 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 15 ounces fine diced yellow onions, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 34 gallon whole cooked plum tomatoes with juice, 34 ounce sliced fresh sweet basil, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 8 ounces shredded Parmesan, 4 tablespoons chopped pistachios, 2 tablespoons freshly grated lime zest], title: Public House Meatballs, picturelink: mHB3tWn9AQAgKj5cQVe1biSN3Ta7J.}, 22411: {instructions: For the breading: In a small bowl, blend the panko and coconut and hold at room temperature until breading. For the sauce: In a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, cook the mangos with 14 cup cold water and the sugar until the mangos have started to break down, stirring throughout. This should take 10 to 12 minutes. Next, add the Sriracha and continue to cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and puree in a food processor or blender. Then add the horseradish. Serve or hold.nFor the batter: In a medium mixing bowl, blend the lager, flour, baking powder, Cajun spice and egg yolk with a whisk the batter should be thick like pancake batter consistency. If additional flour or liquid is needed, add and whisk again and hold cold until breading.nFor the shrimp: Heat the oil in a deepfryer to 325 degrees F. Season the flour with salt and pepper. Lightly coat the shrimp, excluding the tails, with the seasoned flour, then dip in the beer batter. Evenly coat with the coconut breading, and repeat the process until all the shrimp have been dressed.nCarefully place the shrimp in the fryer and cook until golden brown. Repeat the process until all the shrimp have been cooked. Serve with the mango sauce., ingredients: [1 cup shredded coconut, 1 12 cups Japanese breadcrumbs, slightly crushed, 1 cup diced mango, fresh or frozen, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon Sriracha, 14 cup horseradish, 1 12 cups lager beer, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon Cajun spice, 1 egg yolk, 1 cup seasoned allpurpose flour, Salt and ground white pepper, 2 dozen shrimp, 21 to 25 count, peeled and deveined shrimp, tail on, 8 cups vegetable oil], title: Coconut Shrimp with Mango Horseradish, picturelink: jP1afjhTNDux4SqSVoG00ZbDnc54g2K}, 22412: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat the olive oil over moderate heat until hot. Add the garlic and cook it, stirring, until pale golden. Add the broccoli, salt, and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and simmer for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the pasta. Drain the pasta and transfer it to the saucepan. Toss with sauce to combine. Serve with the cheese., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 to 3 cups broccoli florets, or to taste, Salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste, 1 12 cups canned chicken broth, 1 pound cavatelli, cooked according to package directions, Freshly grated Locatelli pecorino Romano], title: Cavatelli with Sauteed Broccoli and Garlic, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 22413: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine both flours, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the milk, egg, and 1 tablespoon of the clarified butter, then whisk into the flour mixture. Heat 1 tablespoon of the clarified butter in a medium saute pan and drop the batter into the hot skillet, 1 tablespoon at a time. Cook over mediumlow heat until bubbles form on the top side of the blini, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook for 1 more minute, or until brown. Repeat with the remaining batter. I clean the hot pan with a dry paper towel between batches. Set aside.nTo serve, top the blini with a piece of smoked salmon. Add a dollop of creme fraiche and a sprig of dill., ingredients: [13 cup buckwheat flour, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk, 1 extralarge egg, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, clarified, divided, 12 pound smoked salmon, thinly sliced, 14 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, Fresh dill sprig, for garnish], title: Blini with Smoked Salmon, picturelink: FjRfi44kDja5n1t8u4yHXroKz40SuK}, 22414: {instructions: Special equipment: a meat grinder a vacuum sealer an immersion circulatornFor the lamb merguez: In a bowl, mix together the lamb belly and pork shoulder, paprika, curing salt, salt, harissa, cinnamon, coriander, cumin, cilantro, mint, garlic and onion. Feed the mixture through a meat grinder fitted with the larger grinder blade. Form into 5 12ounce balls and flatten into tight 5inch round patties. Vacuum seal in bags. Cook in the immersion circulator at 145 degrees F for 1 hour or place the patties on baking sheets and cook for 18 minutes at 425 degrees F.nFor the grits: Bring the butter, milk and 7 cups water to a simmer in a large saucepan. Add the grits and cook, stirring frequently, for 6 to 8 minutes. Lower the heat and simmer until cooked through. Add the Cheddar, hot sauce and salt to taste.nServe the merguez with the grits., ingredients: [5 pounds lamb belly, cubed, 2 12 pounds pork shoulder, cubed, 3 34 tablespoons paprika, 3 34 grams pink curing salt, 3 34 tablespoons salt, One 5.35ounce tube harissa, 34 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 34 tablespoon ground coriander, 34 tablespoon ground cumin, 34 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 34 bunch fresh mint, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 34 onion, diced, 4 sticks 2 cups butter, 7 cups milk, 1 quart grits, 12 ounces shredded Cheddar, 14 cup hot sauce, Salt], title: Gralehaus Lamb and Grits, picturelink: pmS9QHgJyXhBiTZWvqL7wxoWcK5t.y}, 22415: {instructions: Put the pineapple, kale, frozen grapes, lemon juice, ginger and flaxseed into a blender. Blend on high until very smooth, turning off the blender and pushing down on the ingredients with a spatula or wooden spoon as needed to help the blending process. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of water if needed to adjust consistency. Pour into a glass and garnish with a pineapple wedge., ingredients: [1 cup chopped fresh pineapple, plus a pineapple wedge for garnish, 1 cup packed chopped kale stems removed, 1 cup frozen green grapes, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon ground flaxseed], title: Green Smoothie, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 22416: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the meatballs: In bowl, combine the ground beef and oats. Pour in the milk, and then add the onions, salt and pepper. Stir to combine. Roll the mixture into tablespoonsize balls and refrigerate them for 30 to 45 minutes to firm.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Dredge the meatballs in the flour, and then brown the meatballs in batches until light brown. As they brown, place them into a rectangular baking dish.nFor the sauce: Stir together the ketchup, onions, vinegar, sugar, Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce. Drizzle the sauce evenly on the meatballs.nBake until bubbly and hot, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 34 cup quick oats, 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons very finely minced onion, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Plenty of ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup ketchup, 4 to 6 tablespoons minced onion, 3 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Dash of hot sauce, such as Tabasco], title: Comfort Meatballs, picturelink: QrFmbo1GCLqMiObzSjSm6GpGYNXq92}, 22417: {instructions: Season fillets with salt and pepper. Heat a heavy saute pan over medium high heat. Coat edges of fillet with a thin layer of mustard, approximately 2 tablespoons. Dredge edges of filet in herbs to coat evenly. Sear fillet, 4 to 6 minutes per side, depending on the thickness of the meat.nRemove cooked fillet. Lower heat to medium. Add shallots and saute until translucent. Deglaze pan with white wine. Add 2 tablespoons mustard. Reduce wine to consistency of a rich sauce. If desired, remove the pan from the heat and whisk butter into the sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 6ounce beef fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons grainy mustard, 1 cup herbs such as sage, thyme, rosemary, basil and parsley, finely chopped, 12 shallot, finely chopped, 14 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Herbed Fillet with Red Wine Reduction, picturelink: null}, 22418: {instructions: Toss the beef and potatoes with the curry powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 tablespoon ginger, the garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a 6quart slow cooker. Crumble 12 slice of naan into small pieces over the beef and potatoes, then pour in the tomatoes. Cover and cook on low, 7 hours.nUncover and skim off any fat from the top of the mixture. Stir well to combine, then let stand 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the cilantro, pickled jalapenos and brine, 14 cup water and the remaining 14 teaspoon cumin and 1 tablespoon ginger in a food processor. Pulse until combined season with salt and pepper.nStir 3 tablespoons of the cilantro puree into the slow cooker season with salt and pepper. Reserve 2 cups beef curry for Beef and Vegetable Handpies. Serve the remaining curry with the naan top with the remaining cilantro puree.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 12 pounds cubed beef stew meat, 1 pound small redskinned potatoes, quartered, 2 tablespoons Madras curry powder, 1 14 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons finely chopped peeled ginger, 2 large cloves garlic, grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 5 slices naan bread, 2 15ounce cans diced fireroasted tomatoes, 1 14 cups fresh cilantro, 14 cup sliced pickled jalapeno peppers, plus 1 tablespoon brine from the jar], title: SlowCooker Beef Curry, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 22419: {instructions: Heat the oil: Fill a large, heavybased saucepan about halfway with oil. Begin to heat the oil over medium heat but dont let it get ripping until you have everything else ready to go. Prepare the squid and vegetables: Separate the bodies and the tentacles of the squid. If the squid are big, cut the tentacles in half. Cut the squid bodies open so they lie flat, then cut into 14inchthick, 1 12inchlong strips. Soak the squid in the milk while you prepare the rest of the fritto misto. Trim the artichoke stems and remove the outer leaves. Slice them very thinly through the stem end. If you have true baby artichokes, you dont have to worry about the choke if you can only find large artichokes, remove the spiny choke before slicing. Trim the ends off the zucchini and slice lengthwise about 14 inch thick, then cut into 1 12inchlong sticks.nSet up your fry station: On a sheet pan or large platter, combine the flour, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Have the sliced lemon, garlic, parsley and rosemary prepared and nearby. Line a platter with paper towels or parchment paper. Increase the heat of the oil until it reaches 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nMeanwhile, drain the squid toss the squid, artichokes and zucchini in the flour. Shake the baking sheet back and forth to coat the ingredients. Once the oil is up to temperature, add about onethird of the floured goods, plus a few of the lemon and garlic slices, and let cook for about 1 minute. Add about a third of the rosemary and the parsley and continue to cook until the vegetables and squid are a light golden brown, another 1 to 2 minutes. Using a spider or a Chinese strainer or as a last resort, a slotted spoon, transfer the fried foods to the lined platter to drain. Season with more salt and chopped parsley and serve with the lemon wedges. This is best served hot, so let your guests dig in while you begin cooking the next batch. Photograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [2 to 3 quarts peanut, grapeseed or other vegetable oil, 4 cleaned whole squid about 1 pound, 1 cup whole milk, 6 baby artichokes, 1 medium zucchini, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 lemons 1 sliced very thin the other cut into wedges, 3 cloves garlic, sliced very thin, 1 large handful fresh parsley leaves, plus chopped parsley for sprinkling, 1 small handful fresh rosemary leaves], title: Light and Crispy Fritto Misto, picturelink: aGdQ4rC6Otl3usGCHUiy9U3ALi8kJOO}, 22420: {instructions: For the cupcake batter and brown sugar glazed chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with cupcake liners for a total of 24 cupcakes lightly spray the liners with cooking spray.nIn a medium mixing bowl, sift together the cake flour, 1 teaspoon of the cinnamon, the baking powder, baking soda and a pinch salt. In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and granulated sugar. Add the sweet potatoes and beat until smooth. Mix the vanilla extract and eggs into the sweet potato mixture, scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat until incorporated, about 1 minute. Add the dry ingredients and buttermilk to the sweet potato mixture in three parts, alternating between the dry and wet ingredients. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat for 30 seconds between each addition.nScoop one scoop of the batter into each cupcake liner. Bake until the cupcakes bounce back from gentle pressure, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the pans and cool.nHeat the oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle both sides of the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt. Cook until golden brown and caramelized, about 4 minutes, and then flip over to cook the other side. Continue cooking to an internal temperature of 165 degrees F. Set aside to cool slightly.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine the reserved sweet potato liquid, brown sugar, the remaining 2 teaspoons cinnamon and 12 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil. Simmer until the mixture has the consistency of maple syrup, about 5 minutes. Finely dice the cooked chicken breast and place in a medium mixing bowl. Pour the syrup over the chicken and toss to coat.nFor the buttercream frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, beat the butter on medium speed until smooth and free of lumps. Slowly add the confectioners sugar and cinnamon while mixing on the lowest speed. Add the vanilla and salt. Mix on medium speed until combined and smooth.nTo assemble: Using a pastry bag fitted with an open tip, ice the cooled cupcakes with two rings of buttercream to form a well. Fill the well with glazed chicken and some of the syrup., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying liners, 1 23 cups cake flour, 3 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Salt, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup canned sweet potatoes, mashed reserve 1 cup of the liquid, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 13 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 boneless skinless chicken breast, 2 cups dark brown sugar, 1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 20 ounces confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt], title: Sweet Potato Cupcake with Brown Sugar Glazed Chicken, picturelink: null}, 22421: {instructions: Toast pine nuts in dry saute pan. Pick sage leaves and parsley so as to leave little or no stem. Combine all ingredients in food processor or blender, process until a pesto consistency is achieved. May store in refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.n3 SISTER SAUTE: Sort, rinse and cook beans separately in plenty of water, salting at the end. Rinse and trim squashes. Peel husk of corn down, but not off, remove silk and dress corn again with its husk. Dunk in cool water and grill for 5 to 8 minutes, turning. Let cool and slice kernels from cobs. Rinse tomatoes. Heat olive oil in large saute pan, add squash saute for 1 minute, then in succession, keeping pan moving add beans and saute for another 1 minute. Add the corn and saute another minute, and tomatoes and quickly saute, add sage pesto, stir to distribute. Season with salt if necessary. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound uncooked heirloom beans Anasazi, butterscotch calypso, cranberry calypso and chestnut limas, 6 ears fresh sweet corn, 1 pound yellow pear and red tear drop tomatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 pounds assorted baby squashes patty pan, sunburst, zucchini, yellow, etc., Sage pesto, recipe follows, Salt, to taste, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup garlic, chopped, 1 12 cups fresh sage, firmly packed, 12 cup fresh parsley, 1 cup pine nuts, dry roasted, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Three Sisters Saute, picturelink: null}, 22422: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Wrap the beets individually in tin foil and roast directly on the rack in the oven until tender, about 1 hour. Open the foil packets and let cool. Once theyre cool, peel the beets and cut into small chunks.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the olive oil, vinegar, honey, red onion, and mustard. Season with salt and pepper. Add the beets and spinach to the dressing and toss to coat. Transfer the salad to a platter or plates, top with the goat cheese and walnuts, and serve., ingredients: [3 medium beets, washed and trimmed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon minced red onion, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups baby spinach, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese, 12 cup coarsely chopped toasted walnuts], title: Best Beet Salad, picturelink: UynRck7Xd8CYkGmwRfE9DIo5p9B8Qi}, 22423: {instructions: Special equipment: a 1 12gallon 24cup pitcher or bowlnIn a very large pitcher or bowl at least 24cup capacity, mix together the tea, bourbon and lemonade and orange juice concentrates. Stir in 3 quarts 12 cups water. Place in the freezer for 8 hours. Stir, then continue to freeze for 2 hours more and up to 2 days. Take out of the freezer 30 minutes before serving. Stir and serve., ingredients: [4 cups strong brewed sweet tea, homemade or storebought, 3 cups bourbon, 24 ounces frozen lemonade concentrate, thawed, 12 ounces frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed], title: Bourbon Slush, picturelink: AVVEidN14JoZMw6LhmkuMFaR344zLEe}, 22424: {instructions: Put the basil, ginger, vinegar, cardamom, FiveSpice Blend, chili, mango, lime juice, salt and sugar in a blender and pulse until smooth. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator until serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon FiveSpice Blend, recipe follows, 1 small red chili, minced, 1 mango, peeled and pit removed, Juice of 12 lime, A pinch salt, A pinch sugar], title: Mango Basil Chutney, picturelink: null}, 22425: {instructions: To marinate the shrimp: Combine the oil, garlic, cilantro, lime, jalapeno, and tequila in a blender or food processor and blend on high speed until thoroughly mixed. Season with salt and pepper and reserve.nPeel the prawns, leaving the tails on. Reserve the shells to make the Poblano cream recipe below. Extract the veins then lace the prawns onto 3 bamboo skewers 4 per skewer. Pour the reserved marinade into a shallow dish or plastic bag. Add the shrimp and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 12 to 2 hours, turning the shrimp once or twice.nTo make the red pepper oil: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil over high heat. Add the peppers and cook until they are tender, about 12 minutes. Drain the peppers and put them in a blender or food processor. Puree the peppers at high speed then transfer to a medium skillet. Cook the puree over mediumhigh heat until it has reduced to a thick paste. Press the paste though a fine sieve, then return it to the blender or processor. Add the lime juice, then gradually incorporate the olive oil. Season the puree with salt and reserve.nTo make the black beanannatto amaranth: Bring the chicken stock to a boil in a large pot over high heat. Stir in the annatto paste and the amaranth. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the liquid has been absorbed and the amaranth is tender, about 20 minutes. Fold in the black beans and butter, then season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Keep warm over low heat or in a low oven.nTo make the roasted Poblano cream: Heat the oil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat until just smoking. Add the garlic and reserved shrimp shells. Cook, stirring, until aromatic, 3 to 5 minutes. Carefully add the tequila if the pan is very hot it may flare up. Simmer for about 5 minutes then add the heavy cream and cilantro. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sauce has reduced by half. Meanwhile, puree the Poblano peppers in a blender or food processor. Add the puree to the reduced cream mixture then simmer gently until the flavors blend. Strain the sauce through a fine sieve into a clean saucepan. Keep warm over very low heat.nTo cook the prawns: Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Carefully place the skewered prawns in the pan and cook until almost done, about 3 minutes per side. Remove the pan from the heat and carefully add the tequila. Return the pan to the heat and cook for about 3 minutes more, then season with salt and pepper.nSpoon poblano cream into 3 shallow bowls. Mound amaranth over the cream use a ring mold for a neater presentation. Take the shrimp from the skewers and arrange 4 on each portion. Drizzle pepper oil over each bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 cup canola oil, 14 cup chopped fresh garlic, 1 bunch cilantro, 14 cup lime juice, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, 14 cup tequila, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 prawns, with heads removed and reserved, see Cooks Note, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 red bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, and diced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 cup olive oil, Kosher salt, 2 12 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon annatto paste, 1 cup amaranth , 1 cup black beans, cooked al dente, 14 cup butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 garlic cloves, crushed, Reserved shrimp shells, 14 cup tequila, 1 quart heavy cream, 12 bunch cilantro, 4 poblano peppers, roasted, peeled and seeded, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper], title: Tequila Lime Marinated Prawns and Black Bean Annato Amaranth with Sweet Red Pepper Oil and Roasted Poblano Cream, picturelink: null}, 22426: {instructions: Place the diced eggplant in a small deep bowl. Season with salt and compress with heavy object. Let it stand for approximately 1 hour. Squeeze out excess juice and set aside.nIn a small frying pan, begin to heat 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cracked garlic cloves, hot pepper. When fragrant, add the eggplant and diced mushrooms for approximately 3 minutes until brown and crisp. Discard the garlic.nIn a bowl, beat eggs, add grated cheese, black pepper, remaining 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil, chopped fresh basil, and parsley. Add the eggplant, mushrooms, 2 garlic finely chopped cloves, and bread crumbs, and mix thoroughly.nHeat vegetable oil in a large nonstick frying pan or skillet. Wet your hands and begin to scoop 12 cup of mix to make patties. Start to fry when oil is very hot. Cook for 4 minutes on each side until golden brown. Remove from pan and place on tray lined with paper towels to cool and absorb excess oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 baby eggplants, skinon and diced, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cracked cloves garlic, plus 2 finely chopped cloves, 1 red dry hot pepper, diced, 1 large porcini, diced, 2 eggs, 3 tablespoons pecorino Romano, 114 cups of unseasoned bread crumbs, 1 12 cups vegetable oil or light olive oil, Fresh flatleaf Italian parsley, finely chopped, Fresh basil, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon black pepper], title: Hot and Spicy Eggplant Patties, picturelink: null}, 22427: {instructions: Make the turnovers: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion, carrot and celery, season with salt and pepper to taste, and cook until the carrot softens, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and thyme and cook for an additional minute, stirring frequently. Add the flour and cook off the raw flavor, about 1 minute more. Turn up the heat to medium high and deglaze the pan with the wine. Whisk in the stock and dijon mustard. Add the peas and chicken and cook at a very low simmer until the sauce thickens up into a gravy, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nOn a floured surface, unfold the puff pastry and cut into 4 squares cut once horizontally and once vertically. Gently roll out each square, increasing the size of the square by about 20 percent. Place on a baking sheet and spoon the chicken mixture in the center. Fold the squares in half diagonally to create triangles. Pinch the edges together to create turnovers use a little water if needed to bind. Press the edges with a fork to create a decorative border. Whisk the egg with a splash of water and brush the turnovers with the egg wash. Cut a small slit in the tops to allow the steam to escape during baking. Bake the turnovers until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let cool at least 10 minutes before serving as the insides will be very hot.nMeanwhile, make the salad: Rub the inside of a large wooden bowl with the garlic clove and then either discard it or save it for another use. Put the mustard in the bowl and whisk in the vinegar and soy sauce a French secret vigorously for about 10 seconds to get a creamy consistency. Season with salt and pepper. Drizzle in the olive oil as slowly as possible with one hand while whisking as quickly as possible with the other hand to emulsify. Lay the salad greens on top of the dressing and toss just before serving. Serve with the turnovers., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 onion, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 12 cup frozen peas, 1 12 cups cubed or shredded cooked chicken, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 large egg, 1 clove garlic, halved, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Small splash of soy sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 cups mixed greens the darker the better not iceberg], title: Chicken Potpie Turnovers, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 22428: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a large pot that has a flatbottomed steamer insert with water and bring it to a boil. Arrange the rolls in the steamer, put the hot dogs in the boiling water, and cover with the steamer and lid. Cook until the hot dogs are heated through and the rolls are warm and soft, about 5 minutes. Be careful not to over steam the rolls as they can become soggy.nWhile the dogs are cooking, cut the onion into 6 smaller pieces, put them into a food processor, and pulse until they are finely chopped. Remove the onions to a bowl and do the same with the cabbage. Crush the potato chips into very fine pieces.nRemove a roll from the steamer. Put a hot dog into it and top with some onion, cabbage, and crushed chips. Squirt on some mayonnaise, mustard, and ketchup and enjoy, ingredients: [8 hot dog rolls, preferably potato, 8 hot dogs, preferably pork, 1 yellow onion, 14 head green cabbage, 1 6ounce bag potato chips, Mayonnaise, Mustard, Ketchup], title: Venezuelan Hot Dogs, picturelink: yUrMn.SkdSNiTT7fW86Dy9T7xK0b6Ia}, 22429: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. In a large stove to oven pan, heat the olive oil and brown the chicken on all sides. Put it in the oven and roast until the juices run clear, about 20 minutes. Remove the pan from oven and transfer the chicken to a cutting board. Tent with foil to keep warm. Put the pan on the stovetop over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken stock and scrape up brown bits while bringing it to a boil. Whisk in the pomegranate molasses and thyme leaves and cook until desired thickness is reached, about 5 minutes. Taste for seasoning and adjust if necessary. Quarter the chicken and arrange it on a serving platter. Pour the sauce over the chicken and serve., ingredients: [1 whole organic chicken, rinsed and pat dry, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, 34 cup chicken stock, 14 cup pomegranate molasses, 2 fresh thyme sprigs, leaves removed], title: Roasted Chicken with Pomegranate Molasses, picturelink: P3bC9x7NMWZH.CDN0ILVH9lb69xnmLa}, 22430: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the avocado in half and scoop out the flesh, leaving the skin intact, and roughly dice the avocado. Place avocado in an ovenproof dish, and add the crumbled blue cheese, walnuts, pancetta, and Worcestershire sauce and season with salt and pepper.nSpoon the mixture back into the avocado shells and bake for 5 minutes. Remove from oven and place in the broiler for 2 minutes right before serving.nTo serve, place on a serving tray with sliced baguette or crackers., ingredients: [2 large avocados, 14 cup crumbled Stilton, 14 cup walnut halves, 12 pound pancetta, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper], title: Baked Avocado, picturelink: null}, 22431: {instructions: Bloom the yeast: Pour the warm milk into the bowl of a stand mixer. Sprinkle the yeast on top and stir to dissolve let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Make the dough: Add the sugar, salt, vanilla and eggs to the bowl and whisk until blended. Add 2 cups flour and mix with the dough hook to combine, stopping to scrape down the bowl. The dough will be sticky if its too wet, add the remaining 14 cup flour. Add the butter and mix until smooth. Let it rise: Brush a large bowl with vegetable oil add the dough and cover with plastic wrap. Let rise in the refrigerator, at least 4 hours or overnight.nCut out the doughnuts: Line 2 baking sheets with parchment and dust with flour. Dust a clean surface with flour turn out the dough onto the surface. Dust the dough with flour, then gently pat it out to make it easier to roll. Using a rolling pin, roll out the dough until about 12 inch thick. Cut the dough into 1 12inch rounds with a cookie cutter transfer to the prepared baking sheets. Reroll the scraps and cut out more rounds. Dust the dough rounds lightly with flour, cover with plastic wrap and let rest 1 hour in a warm place.nFry them: Heat 2 to 3 inches vegetable oil in a large pot until a deepfry thermometer registers 360 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the doughnuts, turning, until golden brown, 1 to 1 12 minutes total. Using tongs or a skimmer, remove to paper towels to drain.nFill with jelly: Fit a pastry bag with a 18inchround tip place the bag in a glass and cuff the open end over the glass. Fill the bag with jelly. Insert the pastry tip into the side of a doughnut and gently squeeze to fill. Repeat with the remaining doughnuts. Dust with confectioners sugar and serve warm. Photograph by David A. Land, ingredients: [1 cup warm milk about 105 degrees F, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 2 to 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened, Vegetable oil, for brushing and deepfrying, Jelly or seedless jam, for filling, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Jelly Doughnuts, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 22432: {instructions: Simmer pears, covered in a large saucepan with 13 cup water until tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Drain reserve cooking liquid. Transfer pears to a blender. Working in small batches, blend until smooth. Add reserved liquid if needed. Pass through a fine sieve for a smooth texture. For a coarser texture, mash with a fork. Fill 14cup plastic containers or ice cube trays with puree., ingredients: [3 pounds pears, washed, peeled, cored, and cut into 1inch pieces], title: Pear  Babyfood, picturelink: null}, 22433: {instructions: Put an oven rack in the middle position and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 6cup souffle dish or casserole.nMelt the chocolate and butter in a large bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water, stirring frequently. Or in a microwavesafe glass bowl in a microwave at 50 percent power for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring well every 30 seconds until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Cool completely.nScrape the seeds from the vanilla bean into the cooled mixture and add salt and 6 tablespoons sugar. Add yolks 1 at a time, whisking well after each addition. Whisk in the flour.nBeat the whites with a pinch of salt in a bowl using an electric mixer at high speed until they hold soft peaks. Add the remaining 6 tablespoons sugar, a little at a time, beating until the whites hold stiff glossy peaks.nWhisk about 14 of the whites into the chocolate mixture to lighten the batter, then fold in the remaining whites gently but thoroughly. Pour the batter into the souffle dish, spreading it evenly.nBake about 30 to 35 minutes or until the center is still jiggling and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with moist crumbs adhering to it. Serve the souffle warm., ingredients: [12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into tablespoon pieces, plus more for greasing, 1 vanilla bean, cut lengthwise, 14 teaspoon salt, plus a pinch for the egg whites, 12 tablespoons sugar, 5 large eggs, separated into yolks and whites, at room temperature for 30 minutes, 14 cup allpurpose flour], title: Forgotten Chocolate Souffle, picturelink: aeyjmaYyJeRq4CleyX.iz83NZo.z.eW}, 22434: {instructions: Combine the sardines, celery, red onion, mayonnaise, dill, lemon juice, lemon zest, mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Mash well with a fork.nSandwich the sardine salad between the bread slices along with the lettuce, tomato, cucumber and sprouts.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [Two 3.75ounce cans oilpacked skinless, boneless sardines, drained, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, 14 cup lowfat mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 slices wholegrain bread, toasted, Bibb lettuce, sliced tomato, sliced cucumber and alfalfa sprouts, for topping], title: Sardine Salad Sandwich, picturelink: ALyyoLKZWOSNWqDh2PzmB06.QMqsFKu}, 22435: {instructions: Cut each heart in half lengthwise, trim away core, rinse and dry.nPlace strawberries in a shallow bowl with vinegar and let stand 10 minutes. Whisk in extravirgin olive oil and season the dressing with salt and pepper.nPlace a halfheart on each salad plate or on a large platter and dress with strawberry balsamic vinaigrette. Garnish with toasted almonds., ingredients: [2 large hearts romaine lettuce, 4 large, ripe strawberries, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, eyeball it, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and pepper, 12 cup toasted sliced almonds], title: Romaine Hearts with Strawberry Balsamic Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 22436: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeparate the leaves of the endive and set aside the larger leaves.nIn a bowl, gently mix together the tomatoes, mozzarella, basil, and dressing, and season salt and pepper, to taste. Fill the leaves with the mixture and sprinkle with a little Parmesan. Arrange the bites on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 endives, 1 large green zebra or yellow tomato, chopped, 1 cup grated mozzarella, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup balsamic vinaigrette salad dressing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Caprese Mozzarella Salad Bites, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 22437: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nMix all of the dry rub ingredients in a small bowl.nPut the turkey on a rack in a roasting pan.nGenerously season the turkey cavity with salt and pepper, to taste. Brush the turkey with olive oil, and rub it with the seasoning mixture. Tie the legs together loosely to hold their shape, and tuck the wing tips under.nRoast the turkey until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of thigh registers 165 to 170 degrees F, about 3 hours.nTransfer the turkey to a platter. Tent it very loosely with foil, and let it rest for at least 30 minutes the internal temperature will rise 5 to 10 degrees. Reserve the juices in the pan.nGravy: Scrape the juices and browned bits from the roasting pan into a large glass measuring cup. Spoon off the fat, reserving 2 tablespoons. If necessary, add enough stock to the juices to measure 1 23 cups.nHeat the reserved 2 tablespoons fat in a heavy, large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, and shallots, and saute for 2 minutes. Add the flour and whisk until golden, about 4 minutes. Add the degreased pan juices, and the 2 cups stock. Bring to a boil, whisking until smooth. Reduce the heat and simmer until the gravy is reduced to the desired consistency, about 4 minutes. Whisk in the lemon juice, and the sour cream. Season the gravy with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the gravy into a serving bowl. Carve the turkey and arrange it on a serving platter. Serve the turkey with the gravy., ingredients: [2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 2 teaspoons dried rosemary, 1 teaspoon dried sage, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 14 to 16 pound turkey, rinsed, patted dry inside and out neck, heart, and gizzard reserved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Turkey or chicken stock, 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup sour cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Thanksgiving Turkey with Holiday Rub, picturelink: PTsngJCLXBxMi7rDIM2w27uga0XppUy}, 22438: {instructions: Soak skewers in bowl of water. Drain. Wrap 12 slice bacon around scallop and place on skewer. In small bowl combine honey, vinegar, mustard and olive oil. Brush onto scallops and bacon. Place on baking pan and broil for 34 minutes per side or until crispy. Serve., ingredients: [1 package bamboo skewers, 1 pound fresh scallops, 14 pound bacon, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablesoon vinegar, 2 tablespoons mustard, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Scallops with Bacon, picturelink: null}, 22439: {instructions: Preheat oven broiler for 5 minutes.nBrush both sides of London broil with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the steak on a broiler pan and broil about 4inches from the heat source, about 5 minutes per side. Lay the portobellos and onions in a single layer on a sheet pan lined with aluminum foil. Drizzle with oil and vinegar then put in the oven and roast for 10 minutes. Remove the steak to a cutting board. Let rest for 5 minutes then slice the steak thinly against the grain.nIn a small bowl, combine mayonnaise, horseradish, parsley, and lemon juice. Spread mayonnaise mixture on both sides of the split ciabatta. Lay several slices of steak on the bread and mound with a bit of mushrooms and onions. Cover with a couple of slices of cheese. Garnish with arugula, and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pound London broil, 12 cup olive oil, plus more for brushing steak, Salt and pepper, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 4 portobello mushroom caps, cut in slices, 1 Vidalia onion, cut in rings, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon grated horseradish or grainy mustard, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 lemon, juiced, 4 pieces ciabatta bread, split horizontally, 14 pound Fontina, sliced, 13 cup packed coarsely chopped arugula leaves], title: London Broil and Portobello Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 22440: {instructions: Serving suggestions: Add other herbs like basil, cilantro, or parsleynPosition a rack about 3inches from the broiler and preheat. Line a broiler pan with foil. If there is sliver skin on the tenderloin, trim it off with a knife. Rub or brush the tenderloin with oil. Mix the chili powder with the salt and then sprinkle the spices all over the tenderloins and rub in well with your hands. Lay the tenderloin on the prepared pan, tucking the thin narrow tip of the tenderloin under so the meat is the same general thickness all the way down.nBroil the tenderloin until golden brown on 1 side, about 5 minutes. Turn and continue to cook on the other side, until brown about 5 to 7 minutes more. Remove from the broiler, tent loosely with foil and set aside to finish cooking. Let rest for 5 minutes. Slice and serve with creamed corn.nShear the corn kernels from the cobs with a knife. Transfer the kernels to a bowl. Working over a bowl, run the knife along the cobs to press out the milky liquid. Discard the cobs. Slice the scallions, both white and a couple inches of the green into thin rounds. Separate the scallion whites and greens.nMelt the butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallion whites and cook until softened, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the corn, water, and salt, bring to a simmer, cover and cook until tender, about 2 minutes. Add the cream, bring to a boil, and cook uncovered until slightly thickened, about 1 minute more. Stir in the scallion greens and tomatoes, season with black pepper and serve., ingredients: [2 pork tenderloins, each about 1 pound, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, Creamed Corn, recipe follows, 6 ears fresh corn, husked, about 4 cups corn kernels, 4 scallions white and green, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 to 12 cup water, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 to 12 cup light cream, 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Chili Rubbed Pork Tenderloin with Creamed Corn, picturelink: null}, 22441: {instructions: Cook rice in water as directed on package. Meanwhile, spray 12inch skillet with nonstick cooking spray. Heat over medium heat until hot. Beat egg in small bowl. Add egg to skillet cook 1 minute or until firm but still moist, stirring frequently. Remove from pan cover to keep warm. Heat oil in same skillet over medium heat until hot. Add chicken, onion and garlic cook and stir 4 to 6 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink in center. Add beans, corn and roasted peppers mix well. Cook 1 minute or until thoroughly heated, stirring constantly and breaking up chicken and roasted peppers as mixture cooks. Add cooked egg and rice cook and stir 1 minute. Stir in taco sauce cook 2 minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring occasionally. Stir in green onions. Spoon mixture onto serving platter. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [1 cup uncooked jasmine rice, 1 12 cups water, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon garlicflavor olive oil or olive oil, 1 lb. fresh chicken tenders, 12 cup chopped onion, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 15oz. can Progresso Black Beans, drained, 1 11oz. can Green Giant Mexicorn Whole Kernel Corn, Red and Green Peppers, 1 7oz. jar sliced roasted red bell peppers, drained, 1 8oz. jar Old El Pasou00ae Taco Sauce, 14 cup chopped green onions, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Mexican Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 22442: {instructions: Peel the potatoes and cut into 14inchthick slices. Put the potatoes in a pot, cover with water and season with salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until tender, 7 to 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the EVOO in a saucepot over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the onions, chile, coriander seeds, mustard seeds and bay leaves, and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with the sugar, then douse the pan with the vinegar and stir until combined. Add the consomme and cook until reduced to 34 cup.nDrain the potatoes, then toss with the dressing and the parsley in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle with EVOO., ingredients: [4 medium Russet potatoes, Salt, 2 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for drizzling, 14 pound bacon, finely chopped, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 1 fresh chile pepper, such as Fresno or red finger chile, seeded and finely chopped, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 can beef consomme, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Pickled Potato Salad, picturelink: M1iEb2ozeu9EKIHSfTARJO.P5Xkp9q.}, 22443: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Use a 24 socket cupcake pan and line with paper liners. Set the pan aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda and salt.nIn a liquid measure, mix together the blueberry puree and buttermilk.nIn a large bowl of an electric stand mixer using a paddle attachment, combine the butter and granulated sugar, mixing until blended. Add the eggs and egg yolks and beat on low speed until all the ingredients are smooth and blended.nDecrease the speed of the mixer to slow and add onefourth of the dry ingredients. Mix for 1 minute, scraping the sides of the bowl occasionally. In two separate additions, add the liquid mixture to the batter, beating for 30 seconds after each addition, alternating with the dry ingredients, ending with the dry ingredients. Divide the batter evenly into the prepared cupcake liners and bake on the center rack until a cake tester inserted into the center of each cake comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool the cakes in the pans for 10 minutes. Remove from the pans and cool the cakes completely on wire racks, about 30 minutes.nFor the blueberry caramel: Heat together the sugar and 14 cup water, cooking until a medium caramel stage. Slowly add the blueberry puree, lemon juice and salt. Continue to cook together until smooth.nFor the blue Devonshire cream: Mix together the cream cheese with the granulated sugar and salt with the paddle attachment in an electric mixer. Once thoroughly combined, slowly add the heavy cream. Continue to mix until evenly distributed and fluffy. Fold in the bleu cheese crumbles.nFor the blue agave icing: Mix together the butter, powdered sugar and salt with the paddle attachment in an electric mixer. Once thoroughly combined, slowly add the blue agave nectar. Continue to mix until evenly distributed and smooth.nFor the bleu cheese brulee: Place the bleu cheese crumbles into the freezer for about 10 minutes. Remove from the freezer, and, working on a metal surface, generously cover with sugar. Using a blow torch, quickly brulee the tops of each bleu cheese crumble. Allow to come to room temperature.nTo assemble: Core each cupcake and drizzle a teaspoon of the blueberry caramel into the core. Generously fill each cupcake with the bleu Devonshire cream. Using a round tip and pastry bag, ice each cupcake with blue agave icing, encasing the generous amount of Devonshire cream, creating a combination of shells on top. Use blueberry caramel as a drizzle on top of cupcakes and place a bleu cheese brulee as garnish on top., ingredients: [3 cups cake flour, 1 12 cups blue cornmeal, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 cup blueberry puree, 1 cup buttermilk, 9 ounces unsalted butter, 2 14 cups granulated sugar, 5 eggs, 5 egg yolks, 1 cup granulated sugar, 5 ounces blueberry puree, 1 ounce lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 ounces cream cheese, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 pinch salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup bleu cheese crumbles, 8 ounces unsalted butter, 8 ounces powdered sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons blue agave nectar, Large bleu cheese crumbles, Sugar, as needed], title: Blue Cupcakes, picturelink: Jab.CuZFnLYgurrK1F.en7ca6GXYElq}, 22444: {instructions: In a large stock pot, put in the meat, 2 chopped onions, carrot, celery and bay leaf. Cover with water by 2 inches. Bring to a simmer and cook, uncovered, for 1 12 to 2 hours.nWhen meat is very tender, turn off heat and let meat cool in liquid for 20 min, remove from broth. Set aside. Discard vegetables and strain broth through a sieve. Return broth to heat, and boil to reduce by half, about 20 to 30 minutes. When meat is cool, cut off any fat and pull into shreds about 2 inches wide.nWhile broth is reducing, heat oil in a large skillet. Over medium heat, cook the remaining half of onions, the garlic, jalapenos, green peppers and 1 tablespoon salt until softened, about 10 minutes. Stir in 1 tablespoon of salt.nStir in 3 cups reduced broth and tomatoes. Cook for 10 minutes over medium heat. Stir in shredded meat, parsley, oregano, and cumin. Cook 10 minutes more.nServe with white rice., ingredients: [4 pounds skirt steak or flank steak, 4 medium onions, coarsely chopped and separated into 2 parts, 2 carrots, coarsely chopped, 3 celery stalk, coarsely chopped, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 4 jalapenos, minced, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 tablespoon salt, 10 fresh plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped or 2 cans chopped tomatoes, 12 cup finely chopped parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground cumin], title: Ropa Vieja, picturelink: null}, 22445: {instructions: For the sauce, put the Champagne vinegar, white wine, shallots, 1 tablespoon tarragon leaves, 14 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and simmer over medium heat for about 5 minutes, until the mixture is reduced to a few tablespoons. Cool slightly.nPlace the cooled mixture with the egg yolks and 1 teaspoon salt in the jar of a blender and blend for 30 seconds. With blender on, slowly pour the hot butter through the opening in the lid. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons of tarragon leaves and blend only for a second. If the sauce is too thick, add a tablespoon of white wine to thin. Keep at room temperature until serving.nSeason the steaks liberally with salt and coarsely ground black pepper on both sides. Heat a thin layer of olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat until its almost smoking, then sear the steaks on each side for 1 minute. Lower the heat to low and cook the steaks for about 7 to 10 minutes, turning once, until very rare in the middle. Remove to a plate, cover tightly with aluminum foil and allow to sit for 10 minutes. Serve with the bernaise sauce on the side.nNote: To make the sauce in advance, prepare an hour before serving and allow it to sit in the blender. Before serving, add 1 tablespoon of the hottest tap water and blend for a few seconds., ingredients: [14 cup Champagne or white wine vinegar, 14 cup good white wine, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, divided, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 extralarge egg yolks, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 6 1inch thick rib eye steaks, Olive Oil, Coarsely ground black pepper], title: Steak with Bernaise, picturelink: null}, 22446: {instructions: Put the head of lettuce on a flat surface and cut in half at the equator. Transfer the lettuce to a small tray and put it in the freezer.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the Dijon mustard, vinegar, and pinch of salt. Slowly whisk in the olive oil and then add the tarragon. Taste for seasoning and set aside.nAllow the lettuce to remain in the freezer until just before serving. They can remain in there for 4 to 6 hours, if necessary. When ready to serve, transfer to a platter and drizzle each half with the dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large head iceberg lettuce, outer layer removed and both ends trimmed, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, Kosher salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small bunch fresh tarragon, washed, dried, leaves chopped], title: Frozen Iceberg Salad with Champagne Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 22447: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMix together the brown sugar, pineapple, sambal and a nice pinch of salt in a small bowl. Set aside.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper and lay the bacon strips on top sprinkle with pepper. Bake until most of the fat is rendered, 8 to 10 minutes. Use paper towels to blot as much excess fat as possible.nPut a wire rack on a baking sheet and lay the bacon on top. Brush the glaze over the bacon. Bake until the pineapple bits are golden brown and the bacon is crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Let cool for a few minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup dark brown sugar, 4 ounces canned crushed pineapple, drained, 14 cup sambal oelek, Kosher salt, 12 strips thickcut bacon, Coarse freshly ground black pepper], title: Sunnys Sambal and PineappleGlazed Bacon, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 22448: {instructions: Put a baking sheet in the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Put the potatoes, olive oil, garlic, rosemary, sage, thyme and some salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl and toss until the potatoes are well coated.nSpread the potatoes on the hot baking sheet they should sizzle when they hit the pan and roast until the potatoes are browned and forktender, about 40 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Rosemary Potatoes, picturelink: C03gYk4ZJYAgg7ibzYWWjkxkqbiNV2}, 22449: {instructions: Place the beans and water in a large saucepan over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the beans are just soft, about 1 hour. Remove from the heat. Drain the beans and cool under running water. Drain thoroughly and spread on paper towels to dry.nPreheat an oven to 425 degrees F. Toss beans with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt, lime juice and cayenne. Spread beans out on a baking sheet and place in oven. Roast until beans begin to brown slightly. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup giant lima beans, 4 cups water, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Roasted Lima Beans, picturelink: null}, 22450: {instructions: Cut the chicken into pieces. Place a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add enough oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan and heat. Add the chicken and brown on both sides. Add the onion and the cherry peppers. Discard any excess oil. Add the mushrooms, olives, and capers. Add a dash of paprika and 3 to 4 ounces lightly salted butter. Cook on a high flame until the butter is completely melted, mixing to keep the butter from separating., ingredients: [4 8ounce boneless chicken breasts, Olive oil, for sauteeing, 1 cup chopped medium onion, 4 cherry peppers, seeded and sliced, 16 mushrooms, chopped, 3 cups black oil cured olives and capers, Dash paprika, 3  4 ounces butter], title: Chicken Sicilian, picturelink: null}, 22451: {instructions: Combine the sugar, soy sauce, thyme, nutmeg, allspice, cinnamon, scallions, garlic, habanero and a pinch of salt together in a food processor and blend for a couple of minutes, scraping up any pieces that cling to the walls to make sure everything is blended evenly.nDrizzle veggie oil on the chicken and work the spice rub into the chicken, making sure to put the mixture under the skin as well. Cover and let the chicken marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours or up to overnight.nOil and preheat a grill pan over medium heat. Grill the chicken skinside down, flipping halfway through, 5 to 8 minutes per side. Serve with the Mango Chutney and cilantro.nMix together the raisins, sugar, ginger, garlic, mangos, jalapenos and salt to taste in a medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to overnight.nCombine the mango mixture with the vinegar and turmeric in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally to prevent the chutney from sticking to the pan, until thickened and thoroughly combined, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 6 scallions, roughly chopped, 3 cloves garlic, 1 habanero or scotch bonnet chile, seeded, Kosher salt, Vegetable oil, for drizzling and oiling the pan, 8 pieces mixed chicken thighs and breasts, boneless and skin on, Mango Chutney, recipe follows, Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, 13 cup dark raisins, 13 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 2 mangos, cut into small dice, 1 jalapeno, minced, Kosher salt, 13 cup white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon turmeric], title: Jerk Chicken, picturelink: 3F8A23ZSy9FtIUvjIMNKeFgsBBmvXxG}, 22452: {instructions: In a large pot add the water and the ginger and bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the sugar, lime juice, mint and hibiscus and stir to combine. Remove from the heat and let steep for about 20 minutes. Strain into a pitcher and pour into ice filled glasses. Garnish with mint strips and lime pulp before serving., ingredients: [4 cups water, 1 teaspoon raw ginger, 12 cup raw sugar, 12 lime, juiced, plus lime pulp, for garnish, 12 bunch fresh mint leaves, plus julienne leaves, for garnish, 12 cup hibiscus flowers, Ice], title: Hibiscus, Lime and Mint, picturelink: null}, 22453: {instructions: In a food processor or blender combine the lime juice, oil, garlic, cumin, jalapeno and cilantro leaves and process until pureed. Alternatively, combine the lime juice and oil in a bowl. Finely chop together the garlic, cumin, jalapeno and cilantro and whisk into the juice and oil mixture. Pour the mixture over the steak and allow to marinate for 30 minutes. Preheat charcoal grill or stovetop grill pan. Season the steak with salt and pepper. Grill the steak for 2 to 3 minutes per side or until cooked to desired degree of doneness. Transfer the steak to a cutting surface and allow to stand for 5 to 8 minutes. Cut steak across the grain into thin slices or chop into 12inch pieces. Serve immediately with warm tortillas and accompaniments., ingredients: [Juice of one lime, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 jalapeno, seeded, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 1 pound trimmed skirt steak, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Twelve 7inch flour tortillas, warmed, Salsa, Sour Cream, Sliced red onions, Lime wedges], title: Marinated Skirt Steak Fajitas, picturelink: null}, 22454: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Add the vegetable broth and lentils to a medium saucepan and place over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, then reduce to low and cover. Cook until the lentils are tender, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 2 teaspoons of olive oil in a separate saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until the onion is translucent and tender, 5 minutes. Stir in the couscous and cook, stirring often, until toasted and golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Add 2 cups hot water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the couscous is tender, about 12 minutes.nHalve the peppers vertically and remove the seeds and membranes. Gently rub the remaining teaspoon olive oil over the peppers and place on a baking sheet. Roast until the peppers are tender, 20 minutes.nCombine the cooked lentils and couscous in a large bowl along with the basil, feta, parsley, Kalamata olives, lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste.nDivide the couscous mixture into each cooked pepper cavity, and garnish with extra basil and feta, if using., ingredients: [4 cups lowsodium vegetable broth, 1 cup dried brown or green lentils, 3 teaspoons olive oil, 1 cup minced white onion, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup Israeli couscous, 4 red bell peppers, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, plus more for garnish, optional, 12 cup crumbled feta, plus more for garnish, optional, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup chopped Kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: LentilStuffed Peppers, picturelink: iv3BYJ29hvu6xfesgNIpQHpLJf9XhS}, 22455: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpoon 14 cup of pumpkin into 4 tall glasses. Top with 14 cup of ice cream or frozen yogurt. Repeat layers of pumpkin and ice cream. Top with whipped cream and candied nuts., ingredients: [2 cups pumpkin pie filling scooped from cooked pie, 2 cups vanilla ice cream or frozen yogurt, softened, 8 tablespoons whipped cream or whipped topping, 4 tablespoons candied walnuts or pecans], title: Pumpkin Parfaits, picturelink: 288NbA8XEpbHpg972aVACVcrJPX.xP6}, 22456: {instructions: Place the first cake on 1 of the cardboard rounds on a rack over a sheetpan. While the ganache is still warm, pour over the cake. Using a palette knife sparingly, gently swipe 1 or 2 times to spread the ganache evenly over the top and so that it runs down the sides and covers them. Let the cake sit until the ganache sets up, about 30 minutes to 1 hour.nWhile the ganache is setting up begin making the wings. Cut the remaining cake in half, lengthwise. Cut the remaining cardboard round in half as well and place each cake half on one of the cardboard halves. Using the red buttercream and a palette knife, frost both halves completely. Try to make the frosting appear to be as smooth as possible. Place the black licorice rounds on the wings to make ladybug spots.nOnce the ganache is set up, assemble the ladybug. Allow 2 inches in the front of the ganache cake for the ladybugs face. Place the 2 halves behind the 2inch face with 2 corners touching right behind the head and at an angle to each other. The wings should be in position for the ladybug to fly away. Place the candy wafers on the ganache cake to create eyes. Using a small dab of leftover frosting, secure the candy coated chocolates to the wafers to make pupils. Cut the licorice whip to the desired length and lightly press into the ganache to create a mouth. Use the remainder of the licorice whip to create antennae. To cut this cake for serving, remove the wings and cut separately., ingredients: [2 round 9inch cakes, cooled, 2 9inch cardboard cake rounds, 1 recipe Chocolate ganache, 1 recipe Vanilla Buttercream, colored red, 10 black licorice rounds, coin size for the spots, 2 white wafer candies for the eyes, 2 candy coated chocolate pieces for the eyes, 1 red licorice whip for the mouth and antennae], title: Ladybug Cake, picturelink: UgxIsWc.yGkGIbEz3qogr8Q6ABE6U6}, 22457: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the grapes, sugar and jelly in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Lower the heat and simmer briskly, mashing the grapes with a potato masher, until the liquid is slightly thickened, about 5 minutes.nIn a small bowl, stir the cornstarch into 2 tablespoons water until dissolved. Add to the grape mixture and boil for 1 minute. Off the heat, stir in the lemon juice and butter.nRoll out both of the pies crusts. Fit one crust into a 9inch pie pan. Pour the grape filling into the crust. Top with the second crust. With a knife, cut vents in the top crust in several places. Brush with egg wash.nBake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 1 hour. Cool completely on a rack., ingredients: [4 cups slightly tart seedless black grapes about 1 12 pounds, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup Concord grape jelly, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine, 2 storebought rollout pie crusts, 1 egg, beaten], title: Eboos Wild Scuppernong Pie with grapes, picturelink: null}, 22458: {instructions: Fresh whipped cream or ice cream, for serving Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour one 9inch springform pan. For the batter: In a large mixing bowl, cream together the butter and granulated sugar with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix in the vanilla. In a separate mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. Stir the dry ingredients into the butter and egg mixture. Mix just until combined the batter will be thick and set aside. For the filling: In a second large mixing bowl, add the brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, pumpkin puree and eggs and set aside. For the topping: In a third mixing bowl, combine the flour, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg and ginger. Cut in the chilled butter with a pastry cutter or two forks until the mixture is crumbly. Evenly spread the thick cake batter on the bottom of the prepared pan. Next, pour the pumpkin filling over the top of the cake batter and sprinkle the crumb topping on top of the filling. Bake until the filling is set and the topping is golden brown, 1 12 to 2 hours. Cool before slicing. Serve with fresh whipped cream or ice cream., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, One 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 3 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cubed], title: Spiced Pumpkin Crumb Cake, picturelink: null}, 22459: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Thaw shrimp as directed on package. Drain well press between paper towels to remove excess liquid. Cut shrimp into small pieces. Unroll dough onto ungreased cookie sheet. Press to form 12x8inch rectangle firmly press perforations to seal. Top dough with shrimp and all remaining ingredients in order listed. Bake at 375 for 15 to 20 minutes or until crust is golden brown. Cut into squares., ingredients: [2 cups frozen cooked cocktail or salad shrimp, 1 8oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Crescent Dinner Rolls, 1 cup flaked imitation crabmeat surimi, cut into small pieces, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning blend, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 6 oz. 1 12 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend, 1 teaspoon dried parsley flakes], title: Seafood Appetizers, picturelink: null}, 22460: {instructions: For the balsamic marinated roast beef: Put the balsamic vinegar, chopped garlic and black pepper in a small saute pan over medium to high heat and reduce for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, stir in the chopped rosemary and olive oil, and allow the mixture to cool.nPut the marinade in a baking pan, put the beef in the pan and coat with hands. Put in the refrigerator to marinate for a minimum of 30 minutes, maximum 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and remove the marinated beef from the refrigerator. Put the beef in the oven and roast for approximately 45 minutes to 1 hour, until cooked to mediumrare and an instant thermometer inserted in the center of the roast has an internal temperature between 130 and 140 degrees F.nRemove the beef from the oven and allow the beef to rest before slicing.nFor the mashed potatoes: Cook the potatoes in enough heavily salted water to cover, until tender. Drain the potatoes, reserving 3 tablespoons of the water. Put the potatoes back into the hot pot and using a potato ricer, rice the potatoes or mash.nPut the butter, olive oil, and reserved potato water in the pot with the potatoes. Season the potatoes with salt. Gently fold the ingredients together until incorporated. Taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary.nFor the baked camembert and herb oil: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a baking dish or ovenproof saute pan with parchment paper.nPut the thyme, marjoram, rosemary, black pepper, and olive oil in a bowl and mix to incorporate.nPut the bottom half of the Camembert on parchment paper. Spoon 1 tablespoon herb oil in the center of Camembert, place the top half on top and pour 1 tablespoon herb oil over top. Place the Camembert in the oven until the cheese has melted, approximately 10 minutes.nFor the sauteed mushrooms: Put the remaining herb oil and butter in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Put the mushrooms in the hot pan and saute until slightly caramelized. Season with salt and pepper, and then remove from the heat.nTo assemble: To serve, place the roast beef and mashed potatoes on a warm plate and spoon the sauteed mushrooms and baked Camembert over the meat and potatoes., ingredients: [1 cup balsamic vinegar, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 12 cup olive oil, 1 2 12 to 3pound beef eye round, 3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and quartered, 14 cup butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons potato water, reserved, Salt, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh marjoram leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 1 8 to 10ounce wheel Camembert cheese, cut in half through the center horizontally, 2 tablespoons herb oil from Baked Camembert and Herb Oil recipe, 1 teaspoon butter, 1 pound crimini mushrooms, quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Balsamic Marinated Roast Beef, Mashed Potatoes, Sauteed Mushrooms, Baked Camembert with Herb Oil, picturelink: null}, 22461: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to broil setting.nIn medium size bowl, using a fork, blend together eggs, Parmesan, pepper, and salt. Heat 12inch nonstick, oven safe saute pan over medium high heat. Add butter to pan and melt. Add asparagus and ham to pan and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Pour egg mixture into pan and stir with rubber spatula. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes or until the egg mixture has set on the bottom and begins to set up on top. Sprinkle with parsley.nPlace pan into oven and broil for 3 to 4 minutes, until lightly browned and fluffy. Remove from pan and cut into 6 servings. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 eggs, beaten, 1ounce Parmesan, grated, 12 teaspoon black pepper, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon butter, 12 cup chopped roasted asparagus, 12 cup chopped country ham, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves], title: Frittata, picturelink: ga9nc5WcCG8y4.rx7mJ9EI4iU6YH9x2}, 22462: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a roasting pan, roast chicken pieces until golden brown, approximately 1 hour. Remove chicken from the pan and set aside. Deglaze pan with approximately 1 cup of water by scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon to lift up the brown bits. Transfer liquid to a large stockpot. Once chicken has cooled, separate the meat from the skin and bone and set aside in a bowl. Add bone and skin to stockpot. Pour 2 gallons water into the pot along with unpeeled onions, carrots, and celery. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and let simmer for 2 hours, covered. Drain fat, bones, and vegetables with cone strainer from the broth into a bowl and return strained broth to stockpot. Add peeled onion, salt, and pepper, to taste. Simmer for another 30 minutes or until onions are tender. Keep warm.nGrate potatoes with either a hand grater or juice extractor. Measuring 2 cups at a time, scoop potato mush into cheesecloth and squeeze until all the liquid is removed. Do not discard liquid until measured for its volume. Place potato pulp into a large mixing bowl, while slowly stirring with a wooden spoon, add hot chicken broth measured to the same volume as the discarded potato starch liquid. Potato mixture consistency is correct when the wooden spoon just slightly falls over when made to stand up in the mix. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a saute pan, fry the salt pork just to render the fat, remove salt pork, and set aside. Add the rendered fat to the roasting pan. Add a 1inch layer of potato mixture on top of the fat, then layer reserved chicken meat and repeat process until last layer of potato mixture is on top. Add salt pork strips to the top of your potato pie and bake for 3 hours or until a brown crust is formed.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 3 pound fryer chickens, cut into 8 pieces, 3 onions, unpeeled and chopped, 2 carrots, peeled, 2 celery stalks, 1 onion, peeled and chopped, Salt and pepper, 3 pounds potatoes, peeled, 12 pound salt pork, sliced into 14inch slices], title: Rappie Pie, picturelink: null}, 22463: {instructions: Over moderate heat, melt the 3 tablespoons of butter in a heavy 3 or 4quart soup pot. When the foam subsides, add the chopped onions, carrots and celery and cook, stirring almost constantly, until the vegetables are wilted but not brown. Pour in the stock, add the optional ham bone and the bouquet, and bring to a boil. Then lower the heat and, with the pot half covered, simmer slowly for about 12 hour.nAdd the chickpeas, the ham, the broad beans or string beans, and the cubed potatoes and continue to simmer until the potatoes are tender. Remove the ham bone. Season the soup with salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, and serve sprinkled with chopped parsley in large, deep soup plates., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup onions, finely chopped, 12 cup carrots, finely chopped, 14 cup celery, finely chopped, 6 cups stock, consisting of 1 cup ham braising liquid, if available, plus canned or fresh chicken stock or all chicken stock, Ham bone, optional, A bouquet consisting 6 sprigs parsley and 1 small bay leaf, tied together with string, 1 pound, 4ounce can garbanzos chickpeas, drained of all their liquid and washed in cold water, 1 to 1 12 cups cooked ham, cut into small cubes, 1 package frozen broad beans or string beans, defrosted, 2 medium boiling potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon parsley leaves, finely chopped], title: Garbanzo Soup with Ham and Broad Beans, picturelink: null}, 22464: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring 4 cups of water to a boil in a mediumsize saucepan. Add the couscous and reduce the heat to very low. Cover the pot and simmer for 12 to 15 minutes, until the couscous is just tender. I pull the pot halfway off the heat. Drain in a colander.nMeanwhile, combine the tuna, lemon zest, lemon juice, olive oil, capers, olives, red peppers, garlic, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 12 teaspoons black pepper in a large bowl. Pour the hot couscous into the mixture and stir well. Cover and set aside for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Just before serving, stir in the scallions, basil, juice of the 12 lemon, and 1 more teaspoon of salt. Taste for seasonings and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups Israeli couscous 10 to 12 ounces, 2 7ounce cans or jars Italian tuna, drained and flaked, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup good olive oil, 3 tablespoons capers, drained, 12 cup pitted, oilcured black olives, coarsely chopped 3 ounces, 12 cup jarred roasted red peppers, mediumdiced 4 ounces, 2 teaspoons minced garlic 2 cloves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped scallions 68 scallions, 14 cup julienned fresh basil leaves, lightly packed, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Israeli Couscous and Tuna Salad, picturelink: DcZVmruTx988ix2SHyArCUkF4qXLG6}, 22465: {instructions: Heat a large saute pan over medium heat and add the chorizo. Cook the sausage until cooked through and crispy. Remove the sausage from the pan, leaving the fat in the pan.nAdd the peanut oil to the chorizo fat and add the cumin seeds and mustard seeds. Cooks Note: Be careful The seeds will start popping. When the seeds start to pop, add the curry leaves, which will sputter too, so watch out Then add the onion, peanuts, garlic, turmeric, and paprika, sauteing until the onions are soft and golden brown. Add the tomatoes and okra. Cook until the tomatoes are soft and mushy and the okra is tender.nMeanwhile, in a small nonstick pan, heat a drizzle of olive oil over medium heat and scramble the eggs.nAdd the cooked rice to the tomato mixture and stir. Cook until the rice is warmed through. Stir in the chorizo, scrambled eggs, chopped cilantro, and lime juice. Taste the mixture and season with salt, and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 long link Mexican chorizo sausage, casing removed, and chorizo crumbled, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons brown mustard seeds, 6 fresh curry leaves, see Cooks Note, 1 red onion, chopped finely, 14 cup peanuts, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 teaspoons turmeric, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup fresh okra, sliced, Olive oil, for cooking eggs, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cups cooked white basmati rice, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Juice of 12 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: LuciaLucia Fried Rice, picturelink: Fm8u.H.ZuCqShOG9e9xc3pdp7pMxN6}, 22466: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with paper liners, and coat the liners and the top of the tin with cooking spray.nSpread the pecans out on a baking sheet, and bake until nicely toasted, about 10 minutes. Let cool. Set aside 12 nice halves as garnish, then pulse the remaining pecans in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer the ground pecans to a medium bowl. Add the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt, and whisk to combine set aside.nBeat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating to incorporate after each addition. Scrape down the side of the bowl once or twice as needed. Beat in the vanilla. Adjust the speed to low, and add half the flour mixture, then the sour cream, then the remaining flour mixture until just combined.nDivide the batter evenly among the cups of the prepared muffin tin. Bake until the edges are golden and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 22 to 24 minutes, rotating the tin halfway through. Let the cupcakes cool in the tin for a few minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely. The cupcakes can be made 1 day ahead and stored at room temperature in an airtight container.nFor the frosting: Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat, swirling occasionally, until the milk solids have turned golden brown and the butter smells toasty, about 10 minutes. Pour the butter into a shallow baking dish, and refrigerate until its solid but still soft enough that your finger leaves an indentation, about 25 minutes. Scrape the cooled butter into a large bowl be sure not to leave any brown bits in the skillet, and beat with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth. While continuing to beat, add the corn syrup, and beat until incorporated. Scrape down the side of the bowl. Adjust the speed to mediumlow, add the confectioners sugar and salt, and beat until smooth. Use right away or keep for up to 2 hours at room temperature in an airtight container.nTo assemble: Divide the frosting evenly among the cupcakes, and use a small offset spatula or the back of a spoon to swirl. Top each cupcake with a teaspoonful of dulce de leche and 1 of the reserved toasted pecans., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 12 cup pecan halves plus 12 pecan halves, for garnish, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup sour cream, 2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 2 cups confectioners sugar, Pinch fine salt, 4 tablespoons jarred dulce de leche], title: BrownButter Pecan Pie Cupcakes, picturelink: r8gUDocrcEAOBtNykQFYoo6MfJHUbm}, 22467: {instructions: Heat 13 cup of oil in a large nonstick frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the eggplant and toss to coat in the oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Saute the eggplant until it is golden and tender, about 10 minutes. Decrease the heat to medium. Add half of the garlic and saute until it is tender, about 2 minutes longer. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the eggplant mixture to a large bowl. Repeat with the remaining 14 cup oil and the remaining eggplant and garlic.nAdd the sausage and wine to the same frying pan. Cook over mediumhigh heat until the wine evaporates and the sausage is brown, breaking the sausage into pieces with the back of a spoon, about 8 minutes. Add the sausage, marinara sauce, and crushed red pepper to the eggplant mixture, and toss to combine.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the angel hair and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly, until pasta is still slightly crunchy and undercooked. Drain. Toss the angel hair with the eggplant mixture. Cool completely. Add the mozzarella and Parmesan and toss to combine.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out 1 pastry sheet on a floured surface to a 13 12inch square. Transfer to a 9inch springform pan, allowing the excess pastry to hang over the rim. Spoon the pasta mixture into the pan. Place the second pastry sheet atop the pasta filling. Pinch the edges of the pastry sheets together to seal. Trim the overhanging pastry edges to about 1inch. Fold the pastry edges in to form a decorative border. Cut a slit in the center of the top pastry to allow the steam to escape.nBake until the pastry is brown and puffed on top, about 1 hour and 30 minutes. Let stand for 20 minutes. Remove the pan sides and serve., ingredients: [13 cup plus 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 to 6 Japanese eggplants about 2 pounds total, cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 pound mild Italian turkey sausage, casings removed, 13 cup dry red wine, 3 cups marinara sauce, 1 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes, 8 ounces angel hair pasta, 1 pound mozzarella, diced, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 17 14ounce package frozen puff pastry 2 sheets, thawed], title: Baked Angel Hair with Eggplant, picturelink: null}, 22468: {instructions: Preheat oven to 420 degrees F. Thaw puff pastry in refrigeratornFor the filling: Melt butter in a pan. Add the apples and toss so they are covered with the melted butter. Add brown sugar, rum extract, pumpkin pie spice and apple cider. Stir over heat until thick.nLay 1 sheet of puff pastry flat on a cutting board. Cut puff pastry with Halloween shaped cookie cutters like bats, pumpkins and ghosts. Place cutout shapes on an ungreased cookie sheet. Make sure there is enough room between shapes for them to puffup. Bake in the oven for 20 minutes.nWhen puff pastry has been baked carefully cut each shape in half like a sandwich. Spread apple butter on bottom half of puff pastry. Layer apple filling on top of the apple butter. Put whipped topping on top of apple filling. Place top half of puff pasty on whipped cream to complete the sandwich. Sprinkle with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 sheet puff pastry from a package of 2, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 green apples, thinly sliced soak apples in lemon water to keep them from browning, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 tablespoon rum extract, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 13 cup apple cider, 12 cup apple butter, Whipped topping in a can, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Spooky Pastry Puffs, picturelink: 8zLPmi4I1qUeCs6i.4py7IDzjHpmBpe}, 22469: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlowly pour the beer into a 10cup capacity pitcher and slowly add the sparkling cider.nPour the shandy into frosted glasses and serve immediatelynCooks Note: The ingredients can be divided and served in 2 smaller pitchers., ingredients: [4 12fluid ounce bottles lager beer, chilled recommended: Heineken, 1 25.4fluid ounce bottle sparkling apple cider, chilled], title: Apple Cider Shandy, picturelink: zXixbYRQb2p3JfK3qv4EiOEKr8lQeOG}, 22470: {instructions: Place a closed 9 by 3inch springform pan on a baking sheet. Set the top half of the chocolate brownie inside the pan top side up. Ladle 1 12 cups of ganache into the pan over the chocolate brownie. Trim the cocoa meringue with a serrated knife so that it will fit tightly into the pan. Place the trimmed cocoa meringue, top side up, inside the pan on top of the ganache, pressing down gently on the cocoa meringue to eliminate air pockets.nSpoon the mocha mousse on top of the cocoa meringue spreading evenly. Place the remaining chocolate brownie half, bottom side up, on top of the mocha mousse. Chill the cake in freezer for 30 minutes or refrigerate for 1 hour.nRemove from the freezer and cut around the edges to release from the springform pan. Pour the remaining ganache over the cake and use a cake spatula to spread the ganache evenly over the and sides of the cake. Refrigerate the cake for 10 to 15 minutes to set the ganache.nFill a pastry bag with a star tip with the chocolate mousse. Pipe a circle of stars each touching the other along the outside edge of the top of the cake. Continue to pipe out circle of stars until the top of the cake is covered. Refrigerate the Death By Chocolate for at least 4 hours and preferably 12 hours before cutting and serving.nHeat the butter in a 2 12 quart saucepan over medium heat. When melted, add the sugar, heavy cream, sifted cocoa, 2 tablespoons dark rum, and salt. Stir with a whisk to combine. Bring to a boil, then adjust heat and allow to simmer for 5 minutes, occasionally stirring. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Add the instant coffee and vanilla extract and remaining tablespoon of rum, stir until smooth. Allow to cool to room temperature before serving.nTo serve, cut the Death By Chocolate into the desired number of servings. Heat the blade of a serrated slicer under hot running water before slicing into the cake. Repeat this procedure after making each slice. Flood the base of each 10inch dinner plate with 3 to 4 tablespoons mocha rum sauce and place a piece of Death By Chocolate in the center of each plate. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 ounces unsalted butter, 1 13 cups sugar, 1 13 cups heavy cream, 8 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, sifted, 3 tablespoons dark rum, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 teaspoons instant coffee, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Death By Chocolate: Assemble Death By Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 22471: {instructions: Make the dough: Combine the yeast, sugar, olive oil and 2 cups warm water let stand 5 minutes. Whisk both flours and the salt in a large bowl. Add the yeast mixture to the flour mixture and stir with a fork until the dough forms. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface knead until smooth and elastic, about 6 minutes. Place in a bowl brushed with oil, cover and let stand until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPunch down the dough and divide into 12 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball, cover and let stand until doubled in size, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the topping: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the pine nuts, onion and bell pepper cook, stirring, until softened, about 6 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook 1 minute. Add the remaining 14 cup olive oil, the lamb, cumin, cinnamon, red pepper flakes, allspice and 12 teaspoon salt. Cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, 5 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and cook 1 minute. Remove from the heat and stir in the yogurt, lemon juice, cilantro and parsley season with salt.nMake the sauce: Stir the yogurt, mint, lemon juice and 14 cup water in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate, covered, until ready to use.nPreheat the grill to medium. Cut twelve 9inch squares of parchment paper. Stretch each piece of dough into an 8inch round, brush with olive oil on both sides and stack the rounds, separating each with parchment.nInvert the dough onto the grill remove the paper. Grill in batches until golden brown on the bottom, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and spread each round with 14 cup lamb mixture, leaving a border. Continue grilling until the dough is charred in spots and cooked through, about 3 minutes. Transfer the pizzas to a platter. Drizzle with olive oil and serve with the sauce.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 14ounce packet active dry yeast 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing and drizzling, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup semolina flour, 2 teaspoons fine salt, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup pine nuts, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 12 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, 6 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 pound ground lamb or beef, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, Kosher salt, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and finely chopped, 14 cup Greek yogurt, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 23 cup Greek yogurt, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Lamb Pizzas, picturelink: R.0qPcCDOlMmBclNFRDjMsSouYmR4K}, 22472: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 8x8inch glass baking dish with cooking spray set aside.nCombine Egg Beaters, milk and garlic powder in large bowl. Add bread, Canadian bacon, peppers, cheese and green onions toss to coat.nPlace bread mixture in prepared dish lightly press bread down into Egg Beaters mixture. Bake 55 to 60 minutes or until knife inserted in center comes out clean.nServe with mustard, if desired., ingredients: [PAMu00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 112 cups Egg Beatersu00ae Original 112 cups  12 oz, 1 can 12 oz each fat free evaporated milk, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 cups cubed rye bread 34inch cubes, 34 cup chopped Canadianstyle bacon, 34 cup chopped roasted red peppers, 12 cup shredded reduced fat Cheddar cheese, 12 cup chopped green onions, Guldensu00ae Spicy Brown Mustard, optional], title: Canadian Bacon and Rye Casserole, picturelink: WeZPDi4i.IOwWQLBl64.wIar22ULP9C}, 22473: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMix the garlic, Italian seasoning, salt, and olive oil in a small bowl, until a thick paste forms. Rub the paste all over the pork shoulder and put it in a small roasting pan. Roast for 20 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue to cook until tender and an instantread thermometer registers 145 degrees F in the thickest part of the roast, about 50 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the pork from the oven to a cutting board and let rest 20 minutes. Cut the porchetta into thin slices.nSlice each piece of focaccia bread in half horizontally. Combine the mustard and apricot jelly in a small bowl. Spread both halves of the bread with the mustard mixture. Put 1 slice of provolone and a few slices of porchetta on the bottom half of the bread and top with the second piece of focaccia. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Arrange the sandwiches on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [10 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 2pound boneless pork shoulder, 1 herbed focaccia bread, 12 by 12 inches, cut into 8 even pieces, 13 cup Dijon mustard, 13 cup apricot preserves, 8 slices provolone cheese, about 4 ounces], title: Panino with Porchetta, picturelink: IJj1TF9Gx16Nvo7vfSzVQnTcUal2Uye}, 22474: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350F 180C.n2. Combine first 3 ingredients in a bowl and press into the bottom of a 9 spring form pan.n3. Bake for 1015 minutes until light gold. Cool.n4. Place rest of ingredients into the Vitamix container and secure lid.n5. Select Variable 1.n6. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n7. Blend for 30 seconds.n8. Pour mixture into prebaked crust and bake an additional 4550 minutes, or until cake is barely firm to the touch.n9. Remove from oven and loosen cake rim. Cool cake completely and remove ring.n10. Cover lightly and refrigerate until completely chilled before serving., ingredients: [1 cup 100 g graham cracker crumbs, 1 cup 200 g granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons 45 g butter spread, melted, 3 8 ounce packages cream cheese, 3 tablespoons 25 g allpurpose flour, 34 cup 180 ml eggnog, light or regular, 12 cup 120 ml egg substitute or 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons 30 ml rum, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg], title: Eggnog Cheesecake, picturelink: RrcZJt9vdGg2W6FcPWy9O66lnDZOOy}, 22475: {instructions: Split bread lengthwise. Hollow the bread out and cut each half in half across, making 4 boats.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a small nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add oil, 1 turn of the pan, garlic and hot peppers. Drain beans. Add half of the beans then mash the remainder of the beans in the can using a fork. Add mashed beans to the pan and combine with whole beans. Season beans with hot sauce, chili powder, cumin, salt and pepper. When the spicy beans are hot through, spread them evenly across all of the bread. Top with salsa and liberally sprinkle with cheese, covering bread to all edges. The boats will only be halffull. Melt cheese in the oven until it bubbles and begins to brown.nTop Nacho Bread Pizzas with lettuce, olives, onions and tomatoes and serve. You can pick it up with your hands, but eat over the plate or the kitchen sink, like me., ingredients: [1 loaf baguette or semolina bread, day old is fine, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped or 1 pickled hot pepper of any kind, chopped, 1 15ounce can black beans, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 1 12 teaspoons chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, Salt and pepper, 1 cup prepared salsa, any variety, 2 cups shredded Cheddar, smoked Cheddar, Monterey Jack or pepper Jack, 1 heart romaine or 12 iceberg head, shredded, 12 cup green olives with or without pimiento, chopped, 14 red onion or 2 to 3 scallions, chopped, 2 plum or vine tomatoes, seeded and diced], title: Nacho Bread Pizzas, picturelink: null}, 22476: {instructions: Assemble the cake: Trim 12 inch off the short ends of the pound cake, then trim the domed top to make it flat. Stand the cake on its side and slice in half horizontally to make two equalsize rectangles.nMicrowave the chocolate in 30second intervals, stirring until melted. Beat the butter, 3 tablespoons milk and the confectioners sugar with a mixer. Beat in the melted chocolate. Add more milk, if needed, to make the frosting spreadable.nLay the cake rectangles on a rack set on a rimmed baking sheet. Spread some of the frosting on one short end of each cake and press together to form a long rectangle. You can slide a thin piece of cardboard under the cake for moving to a platter later.nSpread the remaining frosting on the cake in a 1inchthick layer, making the edges slightly higher than the center. Smooth the top and sides with an offset spatula. Freeze until firm, about 30 minutes.nMix the peanuts and dulce de leche in a bowl.nRemove the cake from the freezer. Spread the peanut mixture on the frosting in a flat, even layer. Freeze until the dulce de leche is firm, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the chocolate coating: Microwave the chocolate and butter in 30second intervals, stirring, until melted and smooth.nPour the chocolate on the cake and spread it evenly over the top and sides with an offset spatula. Freeze until the chocolate cools slightly, 6 to 8 minutes.nStarting at a short end of the cake, dip the edge of an offset spatula into the chocolate at an angle and gently pull up, repeating along the top of the cake to create a wave pattern. Chill 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [1 12ounce frozen pound cake, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 to 4 tablespoons milk, 1 1pound box confectioners sugar, 34 cup salted roasted peanuts, 2 cups dulce de leche, 10 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces], title: Candy Bar Cake, picturelink: UkTebUQHVp6vQXZmoy0.3UI3m.1pwXa}, 22477: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the potatoes with enough cold water to cover by 1 inch. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce the heat and simmer actively for about 10 minutes, or until the potatoes are just tender. Remove from the heat, drain and, when cool enough to handle, slice the potatoes 18inch thick.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, in a large heavy skillet, heat the butter and olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions and saute, stirring occasionally, for 4 to 5 minutes, or until softened. Stir in 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper and remove from the heat.nPreheat the oven to 425. In a small bowl, combine the garlic and herbs and toss together to mix evenly. Brush a large oval or rectangular baking dish with a little olive oil and place one layer of sliced potatoes, slightly overlapping, in the bottom. Distribute about 14 of the sliced onionsnevenly over the potatoes, then scatter a little of the garlicherb mixture over the top and drizzle with a little olive oil. Make another layer of potatoes and repeat until all the potatoes, onions, and garlic mixture have been used up, finishing with a layer of the olive oil and herb mixture.nPour the chicken stock around the edges of the pan so as not to disturb the herb topping, and cover with aluminum foil. Bake on the lower middle shelf of the oven for about 30 minutes,until the potatoes are perfectly tender. Remove the foil and cook for 5 to 10 minutes more, until the top is slightly dried. If desired, scatter the cheese over the top after removing the foil. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 12 lbs white or red rose potatoes, peeled, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 12 teaspoon dried marjoram, crumbled, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, finely chopped, 2 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 12 cups coarsely grated Swiss cheese optional], title: Layered Potatoes from Bahia de Casares, picturelink: null}, 22478: {instructions: Liberally dust surface of the pastry and your board with sugar. Roll pastry to about 4 inches wide and 10 inches long. The more sugar you manage to work into the dough, the more caramelized and scrumptious the cookies will be.nPress sugar over the top with a rolling pin turn dough over and press sugar in on the other side. Fold each long side of the pastry, towards the middle and dust this with sugar now fold pastry in half, dust with sugar and gently apply pressure to the top to flatten it out and even it up. With a knife or bench knife, cut across the length of the dough into 38thinch wide cross pieces.nTransfer cookies to a parchment lined cookie sheet. Shape the cookies by turning edges out to approximate a bell shape or by turning edges in. Dust with more sugar and refrigerate for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Remove cookies from the fridge and place the in the oven. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes or until sugar on top begins to caramelize and turn golden brown. Turn over and bake for another 5 minutes or until second side is golden watch them carefully because they burn easily Cool on a rack serve with fresh berries or orangesnLiberally dust surface of the pastry and your board with sugar. Roll pastry to about 4 inches wide and 10 inches long. The more sugar you manage to work into the dough, the more caramelized and scrumptious the cookies will be.nPress sugar over the top with a rolling pin turn dough over and press sugar in on the other side. Fold each long side of the pastry, towards the middle and dust this with sugar now fold pastry in half, dust with sugar and gently apply pressure to the top to flatten it out and even it up. With a knife or bench knife, cut across the length of the dough into 38thinch wide cross pieces.nTransfer cookies to a parchment lined cookie sheet. Shape the cookies by turning edges out to approximate a bell shape or by turning edges in. Dust with more sugar and refrigerate for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Remove cookies from the fridge and place the in the oven. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes or until sugar on top begins to caramelize and turn golden brown. Turn over and bake for another 5 minutes or until second side is golden watch them carefully because they burn easily Cool on a rack serve with fresh berries or oranges, ingredients: [Piece of puff pastry 2 inches wide by 8 inches long, Sugar, Piece of puff pastry 2 inches wide by 8 inches long, Sugar], title: Micheles Favorite Cookies, picturelink: null}, 22479: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo prepare mint extract, remove about 40 small mint leaves. Wash and place in a small bowl. Cover with 3 ounces bourbon. Allow the leaves to soak for 15 minutes. Then gather the leaves in paper toweling. Thoroughly wring the mint over the bowl of whisky. Dip the bundle again and repeat the process several times.nTo prepare simple syrup, mix 1 cup of granulated sugar and 1 cup of distilled water in a small saucepan. Heat to dissolve sugar. Stir constantly so the sugar does not burn. Set aside to cool.nTo prepare mint julep mixture, pour 3 12 cups of bourbon into a large glass bowl or glass pitcher. Add 1 cup of the simple syrup to the bourbon.nNow begin adding the mint extract 1 tablespoon at a time to the julep mixture. Each batch of mint extract is different, so you must taste and smell after each tablespoon is added. You are looking for a soft mint aroma and tastegenerally about 3 tablespoons. When you think its right, pour the whole mixture back into the empty liter bottle and refrigerate it for at least 24 hours to marry the flavors.nTo serve the julep, fill each glass preferably a silver mint julep cup 12 full with shaved ice. Insert a spring of mint and then pack in more ice to about 1inch over the top of the cup. Then, insert a straw that has been cut to 1inch above the top of the cup so the nose is forced close to the mint when sipping the julep.nWhen frost forms on the cup, pour the refrigerated julep mixture over the ice and add a sprinkle of powdered sugar to the top of the ice. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups bourbon, 2 bunches fresh spearmint, 1 cup distilled water, 1 cup granulated sugar, Powdered sugar], title: The Perfect Mint Julep, picturelink: R8ceXzbpfMoR7g9lBqcNj838.h9ptcW}, 22480: {instructions: Make the aioli: Blend the mayonnaise, sundried tomatoes, garlic, fresh herbs and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a mini food processor or blender until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the roasted tomatoes: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Pat the tomatoes dry with paper towels and arrange on the prepared baking sheet drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with the dried basil, oregano and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Roast until the tomatoes start caramelizing, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the caramelized onions: Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and sugar and toss to coat. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 20 minutes. Increase the heat to medium high and cook, stirring, until browned and caramelized, 15 to 20 more minutes season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and set aside.nMake the burgers: Preheat a grill to medium high and brush the grates with vegetable oil. Put the beef and sausage in a large bowl and combine with your hands. Form four 34inchthick patties season with salt and pepper. Grill the burgers until the edges begin browning, 3 to 5 minutes, then flip and top each patty with a slice of cheese. Cover and cook until the cheese is melted and the burgers are done, 3 to 4 more minutes for medium.nLightly toast the buns on the grill. Spread the aioli on the top and bottom buns. Sandwich with the burgers, roasted tomatoes, caramelized onions and arugula.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped drained sundried tomatoes packed in oil, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh parsley andor basil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 plum tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, For the caramelized onions:, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 large onions, thinly sliced, Pinch of sugar, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 1 pound ground beef chuck, 1 mild Italian sausage link, casing removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 slices provolone cheese, 4 brioche or hamburger buns, split, Baby arugula, for topping], title: Italian Burgers with Roasted Tomatoes and Caramelized Onions, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 22481: {instructions: Place the bean in a bowl. Add enough water to cover. Let soak overnight. Alternatively, place the beans in saucepan. Add enough water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Boil for 3 minutes. Cover, and remove from heat. Let soak for 1 hour. Drain the beans, discarding the soaking liquid. Transfer beans to a large saucepan. Add stock, onion, garlic, and bay leaves. Simmer until the beans are tender, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, bring a small pot of water to a boil. Add pancetta, and cook for 5 minutes. Drain, and add to the soup after 30 minutes.nWhen beans are cooked, add the escarole. Let simmer for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound dried navy beans, 12 cups beef stock, 1 large onion, minced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 bay leaves, 14 pound pancetta, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 large head escarole, trimmed, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: White Bean and Escarole Soup, picturelink: null}, 22482: {instructions: Combine the fish stock, dry sherry and soy in a large skillet and bring to a boil and then reduce to a simmer. Crush the lemon grass with the back of a knife to release its oils and chop the ginger. Add the lemongrass, ginger and all remaining ingredients except the fish to the simmering liquid and continue to simmer gently for 15 minutes.nThe skillet should be large enough so that when the fish is placed in a bamboo steamer, the steamer basket nestles over the skillet tightly. Place lettuce leaves on steamer basket and lay whole sea bass on bed of lettuce. After placing the whole fish in the bamboo steamer and the steamer is nestled over the simmering liquid, cover the basket with a bamboo cover, lower the heat to a gentle simmer and steam gently for 8 to 9 minutes. When completely cooked, remove from the heat, place the fish on a bed of the bok choy and mushrooms and strain the broth. Discard the lemon grass, and ladle a little of the broth over the top. Scatter the more chopped scallions freely as a garnish., ingredients: [1 cup fish stock, 14 cup dry sherry, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 3 stalks fresh lemongrass, crushed, 2 tablespoons peeled , finely chopped fresh ginger, 1 chili pepper or 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 14 cup chopped scallions, 12 large fresh shiitake mushroom caps, 1 small bok choy, washed and sliced into wedges, 14 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 1 teaspoon Thai red curry paste, 1 12 pound whole sea bass, scales removed, head on and gutted, 1 recipe Saffron Basmati Rice], title: Sea Bass Steamed with Lemon Grass and Chili Coconut Broth, picturelink: null}, 22483: {instructions: Place the flour on the work surface or in a bowl. Make a well in the center and place the remaining ingredients in the well. Gradually draw in the flour to make a very soft dough.nKnead the dough until very smooth, adding up to 14 cup flour if the dough is too sticky. Wrap the dough and let it rest 1 hour.nDivide the dough into 4 pieces and roll each one very thin. Cut the dough into rectangles or other shapes with a fluted pastry wheel.nFry the Galani, a few at a time, in oil heated to 350 degrees.nDrain the Galani of absorbent paper, cool them and dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 stick soft unsalted butter, 3 large eggs, Flour for rolling the dough, Oil for frying, Confectioners sugar for dusting the Galani], title: Galani, picturelink: null}, 22484: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHalve and pit the avocados. Scoop out the flesh with a tablespoon into a mixing bowl. Mash the avocados with a fork, leaving them somewhat chunky. Add the remaining ingredients, and fold everything together to gently mix. Lay a piece of plastic wrap right on the surface of the guacamole so it doesnt brown and refrigerate 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [4 ripe avocados, 3 limes, juiced, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 serrano chiles, sliced thinly, 1 big handful fresh cilantro, finely chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chunky Guacamole, picturelink: tYz7oxS7EFneo7JBlkGHjPN0sE3w3Ti}, 22485: {instructions: Remove chorizo from casings and fry in a skillet until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Drain fat from chorizo and set aside.nSlice roll in half and spread red salsa on each side, being sure to coat the bread thoroughly. Add some of the cooked chorizo to the bottom half of the bread, follow with the roasted peppers, and top with 2 slices of cheese. Place the top half of the bread on top and wrap in foil. Place in a barbecue or a preheated 350 degree F oven for about 10 minutes, until bread is toasted and cheese is melted. Remove from heat and unwrap. Cut each torta or sandwich in half and enjoy., ingredients: [4 Mexican rolls or kaiser rolls any wide roll will do, 2 links spicy chorizo, 8 slices chihuaua cheese, 2 roasted pasilla or poblano peppers, peeled, seeded and cut into thin strips or rajas, 12 cup red salsa], title: Chorizo Torta, picturelink: null}, 22486: {instructions: For the dough: Add the milk and 12 cup water to a medium saucepan and warm over low heat until it is about 100 degrees F but no more than 110 degrees F. Remove from the heat and sprinkle the yeast over the surface over the liquid. Sprinkle a pinch of the granulated sugar over the top and set aside without stirring, until foamy, about 5 minutes.nWhisk in 4 tablespoons of the butter, the vanilla and egg yolk until well combined.nWhisk the flour, remaining granulated sugar and 34 teaspoon of salt together in a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour and use a wooden spoon to stir in the yeast mixture until the dough becomes thick and slightly sticky. Turn the dough onto a floured work surface and knead until it is soft and elastic, about 6 minutes. Shape the dough into a ball.nBrush the inside of a large bowl with the remaining melted butter. Place the dough in the buttered bowl, turning to coat lightly. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and use a permanent marker to trace a circle the size of the dough onto the plastic, noting the time.nLet rise at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nTurn the dough out of the bowl and knead briefly on a floured surface to release excess air reshape the dough into a ball and return it to the bowl. Lightly butter a large piece of plastic wrap and tightly cover the entire bowl. Let the dough proof in the refrigerator for 4 hours and up to overnight.nFor the filling: Grease a 9 by 13inch baking dish with some of the butter. Whisk the granulated sugar and pumpkin pie spice together in a small bowl. Turn the prepared dough onto a floured work surface and press flat. Then roll into a 10 by 18inch rectangle, with a long edge facing you. Spread the remaining 1 12 sticks of butter evenly over the surface of the dough, leaving about an inch border on the side opposite you.nDollop the pumpkin puree over the butter and spread over to cover the same area as the butter. Evenly scatter the pumpkin spicesugar mixture over the pumpkin puree. Starting from the long side facing you, roll the dough up into a tight 18inchlong cylinder.nLightly brush the clean edge of the dough with water, then press it to the cylinder to seal.nSlip a long taut piece of string or unflavored dental floss under the roll, about 1 12 inches from the end. Lift and cross the string ends over the roll, and then pull the ends tightly in opposite directions to cut a single roll. Repeat, cutting every 1 12 inches, to make 12 buns. Place the buns cutsidesdown in the prepared pan, leaving 1 inch of space between them. Cover the baking dish loosely with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place to rise until the buns double in size, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nPosition the rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Bake the buns until golden brown and the tops spring back when pressed lightly, about 30 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes.nFor the glaze: Whisk together the confectioners sugar, butter, milk, vanilla and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl until smooth. Drizzle over the warm buns and serve., ingredients: [12 cup whole milk, One 14ounce package active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 14 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing the bowl and plastic wrap, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg yolk, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus extra for greasing the pan, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons pumpkin spice blend, 12 cup pure pumpkin puree, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons whole milk, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Fine salt], title: Pumpkin Spice Buns, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 22487: {instructions: Place large potato on grill. Grill 1 side for 30 minutes then flip the potato and grill for another 30 minutes. Dress the potato with sour cream and butter to end up with a delicious potato that melts in your mouth., ingredients: [1 large potato, Sour cream, Butter], title: Grilled Potato, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 22488: {instructions: For the lobster: Fill an 8quart stockpot halfway with water and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the wine, lemon juice, coriander, thyme, garlic and enough salt to taste like the ocean. Boil for 10 minutes.nAdd the lobster, cover the pot and cook for 8 minutes. Remove and let cool. Crack the lobster and remove the meat from the claws, knuckles and tail cut the tail meat in half vertically. Toss the lobster meat with a splash of red wine vinegar and olive oil. Set aside.nFor the salad: Drizzle some olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat, swirling to coat the pan heat until shimmering. Add the garlic and a pinch of salt and red pepper flakes and cook until the garlic is golden brown remove the garlic. Add the tomatoes, corn kernels and zucchini, toss to combine, and season with salt. Cook until the tomatoes start to burst, just a few minutes. Toss with threequarters of the basil chiffonade.nPlace the arugula in a bowl, season with a pinch of salt, and lightly dress with a splash of red wine vinegar and olive oil. Transfer the arugula to a plate, top with the corn and cherry tomato mixture and then with the lobster meat. Garnish with the remaining basil chiffonade., ingredients: [12 bottle white wine, 1 lemon, halved and juiced, 14 cup coriander seeds, 1 bundle fresh thyme, 1 bulb garlic, cut in half equatorially, Kosher salt, One 1 14pound lobster, Splash red wine vinegar, Splash olive oil, Olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Kosher salt, Pinch red pepper flakes, 6 cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 1 ear corn, kernels removed, 1 zucchini, cut into brunoise, 4 leaves basil, cut into chiffonade, 1 small handful baby arugula, Splash red wine vinegar], title: Poached Lobster over Corn and Cherry Tomato Salad, picturelink: DCVzusMvcDNWUZnpLEozepjn4.yQvi}, 22489: {instructions: For the lamb:nIn a small pot over low heat, combine the honey and thyme and bring to a slow simmer. Cook the honey low and slow.nKeep at a low simmer for 30 minutes then strain and season with salt, and pepper. Keep warm.nMeanwhile, preheat a grill or grill pan over high heat. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the garlic powder, fines herb, and parsley in a bowl and mix to combine. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. Rub the outside of the lamb with the spices and place over a very hot grill, fat side down. Let the lamb sit for just 1 minute or until the fat chars a bit, turn and cook the other side for 2 minutes. Transfer the lamb to a baking sheet and finish in the oven for about 10 minutes. Remove the lamb from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes before slicing the chops.nFor the beans:nIn a medium saute pan, over medium heat, cook the bacon until most of the fat has been cooked out. Add the carrots and a pinch of salt. When the carrots just start to soften, add the onions and stir to mix well. Continue to cook for about 5 minutes, and then add the celery. Pour the wine and stock into the pan. Simmer until most of the liquid is gone. Turn the heat to high and add the beans and toss frequently to heat through. Add the butter and parsley and season with salt, and pepper, to taste.nOn each plate, make a bed of beans, then 2 lamb chops on top and drizzle the lamb with the warm honey mixture., ingredients: [34 cup honey, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon dried fines herb, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 rack of lamb, with about 8 to 9 bones, Frenched, 2 slices bacon, diced small, 1 large carrot, diced small, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 yellow onion, diced small, 2 stalks celery, diced small, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup chicken stock, 1 15.5ounce can white beans, drained, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Lamb Chops with Thyme Honey and White Beans, picturelink: SVO6zIfqqcADM2W0zr4phrAJmTUnLi}, 22490: {instructions: In a medium size bowl mix the cheeses together and set aside, covered, in the refrigerator until ready to use. In a hot saute pan over medium heat 12 teaspoon of the olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the onion, garlic, potato, pepper, scallion, and zucchini and saute for 3 minutes, stirring. Fold in the herbs. Set aside. Place the tortillas in a hot dry saute pan over medium heat or on a hot grill and spoon 2 tablespoons of the veggie saute 2 tablespoons of the mixed cheeses on to each tortilla. Fold the tortillas in half and toast each side for 1 to 2 minutes until the cheese starts to melt. Cut each tortilla in thirds and arrange on a serving plate garnished with Ancho Chile Salsa and cilantro. Serve warm.nBegin by rinsing and seeding the chiles. Add the chiles, onion, tomatoes and oregano in a saucepan with the water. Bring to a boil reduce heat to a simmer. Simmer 20 minutes or until the tomatoes are soft. Strain cooked ingredients from the cooking liquid. Toss liquids and place the cooked ingredients plus the garlic into a blender and puree until smooth. Add cilantro if desired, season with salt, to taste, and set aside until ready to use. Serve hot or cold., ingredients: [4 tablespoons feta cheese, drained and crumbled, 4 tablespoons grated part skim milk mozzarella, 12 teaspoon olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 2 cloves fresh garlic, minced, 1 potato, peeled, diced, and cooked until tender, 1 poblano pepper, seeded and toasted, 1 scallion, sliced, 12 zucchini, cubed, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus extra for garnish, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 6 10inch flour tortillas, heated, 1 cup Ancho Chile Salsa, recipe follows, 6 ancho chiles, washed and seeded, 1 chile de arbol, toasted, 1 onion, chopped, 4 tomatoes, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 cups water, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt], title: Poblano and Rosemary Veggie Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 22491: {instructions: Preheat the grill to medium.nFor the dressing: In a blender, combine the lemon juice, vinegar, capers, salt and garlic. Blend until smooth. Add the Worcestershire, hot sauce, anchovies and 12 cup of the olive oil and blend until smooth. Taste for seasoning. Add the remaining olive oil if needed. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, toss 4 of the romaine halves in a little olive oil and season them with salt. Put them in a single layer on the grill and cook for 3 minutes. Turn and cook on the other side for 3 additional minutes the romaine should feel slightly warm and tender. Transfer the halves to a large platter. Spoon a little dressing on each.nOn a flat surface, finely chop the rest of the romaine and add it to a medium bowl. Add the remaining vinaigrette, a touch of lemon juice and the basil leaves. Toss to coat the romaine.nTop the grilled romaine with some of the chopped, dressed romaine. Garnish with crumbled blue cheese and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon capers, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 6 anchovy fillets and 12 teaspoon of their oil, 12 to 34 cup olive oil, 3 romaine hearts, halved lengthwise, washed and dried, Olive oil, for tossing, Kosher salt, 1 lemon, juiced, 20 fresh basil leaves, washed and dried, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese, for garnish], title: Grilled Romaine Salad with Blue Cheese, picturelink: IHqU7qR4YEVyjnIBQsslPLnaVcofbIK}, 22492: {instructions: A halfhour before cooking, remove the medallions from refrigerator.nSauce: Put the shallots, garlic, vinegar, and all the herbs in a food processor and pulse until herbs are minced, with the motor running slowly drizzle in the olive oil until you have a thick sauce. Season with salt and pepper and the sauce is ready to serve.nPrepare a grill or a stove top grill pan with a mediumhigh heat fire.nBrush meat lightly with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place medallions on the grill and cook, without moving, until nice grill marks appear, about 4 minutes. Turn the medallions and continue to grill until an instantread thermometer inserted into the medallions sideways registers about 120 degrees F, about 3 to 4 minutes more. Set aside on a cutting board to rest for 5 minutes before serving.nDivide medallions among plates and drizzle with some of the sauce. Serve. Pass the remaining sauce at the table., ingredients: [4 beef fillet medallions, about 6 to 8 ounces each, Olive oil, for brushing, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 shallots, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup chopped chives, 14 cup fresh tarragon leaves, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing steak, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Beef Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 22493: {instructions: Cut the avocados in half and remove the pit. With your fingers, slip off or peel away the avocado skin, or use a spoon to scoop out the avocado flesh. Place the flesh in a bowl and mash coarsely with a fork. Add lime juice and salt, to taste., ingredients: [2 medium Hass avocados, 1 lime, Salt], title: Purists Guacamole, picturelink: vRyZVF2NdYPwlG698G3ELX3nf3.d1OK}, 22494: {instructions: For the brine: Combine 8 quarts cold water, the salt, sugar, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, red pepper flakes, garlic, bay leaves, carrots, celery and onions in a large container. Immerse the turkey in the brine and refrigerate for 2 to 3 days.nTo prepare the turkey for cooking: Remove the turkey from the brine the night before roasting and pat it thoroughly dry with paper towels. Combine the butter, rosemary and some salt in a small bowl. Taste it to make sure it tastes good. Work the butter under the skin of the turkey and massage it into the breasts and the legs. Massage the butter on the outside of the skin as well. Tie the legs together and over the breast so they will protect it during cooking to help keep it moist and juicy. Place the turkey on a sheet tray and refrigerate overnight UNCOVERED Yes, thats right, uncovered. This will help the skin dry out and become really brown and crispy. Pay close attention not to have any food that will not be cooked near the turkey in the fridge.nThanksgiving Day: Take the turkey out of the fridge 1 hour before placing in the oven.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nFor the gravy: Place the garlic, celery, onions, celery root, fennel, bay leaves, sage and thyme in a roasting pan and season with salt. Put the chicken stock and wine in the bottom of the roasting pan and place the turkey on top.nPut the turkey in the oven until the skin of the turkey gets really nice and brown, about 40 minutes. Lower the heat of the oven to 350 degrees F for the remainder of the cooking time. Baste the turkey every 30 minutes or so and add more stock to the roasting pan if needed. Think about 17 minutes per pound for the turkey. Tent the turkey with aluminum foil when it gets to the proper color to prevent it from getting too dark.nRemove the turkey from the oven when a thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the turkey reads 160 degrees F. Be sure the thermometer is not touching a bone when doing the reading.nWhen the turkey has reached the proper temperature, remove it from the roasting pan and let it rest for at least 30 minutes. Cover loosely with aluminum foil.nTo finish the gravy: Remove the bay leaves, sage and thyme and from the roasting pan. Using an immersion blender, blend the veggies together until smooth. Taste and adjust the seasoning if needed it will.nCarve the turkey, and dont fight over the drumsticks.nGive thanks for such a great turkey, ingredients: [34 cup kosher salt, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 bay leaves, 2 carrots, peeled and diced, 2 ribs celery, diced, 1 onion, diced, One 12 to 14pound turkey freerange organic is great, 3 sticks butter, at room temperature, 1 bunch fresh rosemary, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 ribs celery, cut into 12inch dice, 2 large onions, cut into 12inch dice, 1 large celery root, cut into 12inch dice, 1 bulb fennel, cut into 12inch dice, 5 bay leaves, 4 sprigs fresh sage, tied in a bundle, 1 bundle fresh thyme, Kosher salt, 1 quart chicken stock, plus more if needed, 12 bottle dry white wine], title: Brined Rosemary Crusted Turkey with Pan Gravy, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 22495: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients in a blender or food processor fitted with the metal blade. Puree until smooth. This salsa can be stored in the refrigerator up to 2 days. Serve cold., ingredients: [4 plum tomatoes, cored and seeded, 1 scant tablespoon Tabasco sauce, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, firmly packed, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Cocktail Salsa, picturelink: null}, 22496: {instructions: To make the sauce also called pesto alla trapanese: Put the tomatoes, garlic and basil in a large mortar. Add the extravirgin olive oil, salt and use a pestle to crush the ingredients into a paste. If the pesto looks too dry, add more olive oil. Crush the ingredients until the pesto sauce is even in consistency. Alternatively, place the above ingredients in a food processor and puree.nHeat up extravirgin olive oil in a saucepan and fry the eggplant until golden.nPlace the fried eggplant on an absorbent paper towel to drain the excess oil. Season the eggplant, while hot, with salt. Follow the same procedure to fry up the potatoes. Place the spaghetti in a pot of boiling salted water. Stir initially to prevent the strands from sticking.nDrain the spaghetti when it is al dente. Place the spaghetti in a large mixing bowl, add the pesto sauce, half the quantity of the fried eggplant, potatoes, Pecorino cheese, and mix thoroughly. Transfer to a large serving bowl and top with the remaining eggplant, potatoes and Pecorino cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 large vineripened tomatoes, quartered, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, Bunch fresh basil leaves, torn, 12 cup117 ml extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for frying eggplant and potatoes, Salt, 2 eggplants, cubed, 3 large potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced into strips, 1 pound500 g spaghetti, 1 cup228 g freshly grated Pecorino cheese], title: Pasta alla Trapanese: Trapanesestyle Pasta, picturelink: null}, 22497: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into a 10ounce glass and serve immediately. Garnish with a mango slice and mint sprig, if desired., ingredients: [6 ounces mango sorbet, 3 ounces vanilla ice cream, 12 cup chopped fresh mango, plus mango slices, for garnish, 58 cup cold milk, 1 to 2 tablespoons honey, or more to taste, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Fresh Fruit Batidos, picturelink: null}, 22498: {instructions: In a large heatproof bowl pour boiling water to cover over the noodles and let them stand for 10 minutes. Drain the noodles and arrange them on a platter or divide them among 6 plates. In a bowl combine the chicken, the carrot, and the cucumbers.nMake the dressing: Mince and mash the garlic to a paste with the salt. In a blender blend together the soy sauce, the lime juice, the sugar, the peanut butter, the red pepper flakes, and the garlic paste, with the motor running add the oil in a stream, and blend the dressing until it is emulsified.nPour 12 the dressing over the chicken mixture. Toss the salad well, and arrange it in the center of the noodles. The salad may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.nJust before serving top the salad with the peanuts. Serve the remaining dressing separately. Serve the salad at room temperature or chilled., ingredients: [4 12 to 5 ounces cellophane noodles bean threads, available at Asian markets and many supermarkets, 4 cups shredded, poached chicken from about 3 pounds chicken breasts, 1 cup finely grated carrot, 2 cucumbers peeled, seeded, and chopped, 4 large garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup soy sauce, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon peanut butter, 1 14 teaspoons dried hot red pepper flakes, 14 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup coarsely crushed roasted peanuts, or to taste], title: Asian Chicken Salad with Cellophane Noodles, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 22499: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Halve and pit the peaches, then lightly score the cut sides of each peach a few times with a knife.nCombine the liqueur and butter in a medium ovenproof skillet over medium heat cook, stirring, until the butter melts and the liquid just begins to simmer. Add the peaches, cutside up, and cook until the bottoms begin to soften, about 4 minutes. Sprinkle each peach half with 1 teaspoon sugar and transfer the skillet to the broiler. Broil until the peaches brown in spots, about 3 minutes. Let cool slightly.nDivide the peaches among plates and drizzle with the syrup from the skillet. Serve with the mascarpone.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [4 peaches, 13 cup elderflower liqueur such as St. Germain or sweet dessert wine, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons demerara sugar, 14 cup mascarpone cheese or sour cream], title: Hot Peaches and Cream, picturelink: 3gHVMWhuSDDvhiBRoZd4BFLuOUMMx4m}}