{22800: {instructions: For the batter: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and place an 8 to 10inch castiron skillet inside.nCombine the cornmeal, masa and salt in a large mixing bowl. Place the butter in a small saucepot over medium heat. When the butter is melted, remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the milk and eggs. Add all of the liquid to the dry ingredients. Stir with a wooden spoon or spatula until the batter just comes together a few lumps are okay. Set the batter aside to rest.nFor the filling: Melt the butter in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the onions, garlic and peppers and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken and sauce to the pan and bring to a simmer. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the cilantro, lime zest and juice and Cheddar.nTransfer the filling to the preheated castiron skillet, then pour the batter over the top. Bake until the top is risen and browned, and a knife inserted into the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool on a rack 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Serve with sour cream.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the coriander, smoked paprika, cumin. 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon ground black pepper.nLightly coat the chickens with oil, then sprinkle generously with the salt and spice mixture.nCombine the tomatoes, garlic and onions in a large roasting pan and place the two chickens on top, breastside up. Roast until an instantread thermometer inserted in the thigh registers 160 degrees F, about 45 minutes as the chicken rests, the temperature will rise to 165 degrees F.nTransfer the chicken to a large carving board to rest, then place the roasting pan on the stovetop and bring the tomato mixture to a boil. Boil for 1 minute and season to taste with salt and pepper. Puree with a hand blender or transfer to a blender to process until smooth. Reserve the sauce and serve the chicken.nAfter serving the chicken, pull any remaining meat from the bones and mix with the sauce. Freeze in small containers for up to 3 months., ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup masa, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as needed, 4 cups milk or buttermilk, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup diced yellow onion, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 3 cups cooked shredded chicken and sauce from SouthofSomething Pulled Chicken, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, Zest and juice of 1 lime, 2 cups grated Cheddar, Sour cream, for garnish, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 3 12 to 5pound whole chickens roaster size, Olive or vegetable oil, as needed, One 28ounce can chopped tomatoes, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 cups minced yellow onions], title: Mississippi Tamale Pie, picturelink: null}, 22801: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven 350 degrees F.nDiscard bag of gizzards from inside the cavity and rinse the cavity of the turkey with cold water. Pat dry and rub the olive oil, salt and pepper all over the bird and oil the inside of the cavity. Place the celery on shallow roasting pan and place the turkey on top of the celery. Roast until golden brown, about 2 hours. Cover the breast loosely with foil when golden brown. Cook until an instantread thermometer registers 165 degrees F in the thigh of the turkey, which will take about 30 minutes more.nTransfer to a cutting board to rest for 15 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 10 to 12pound fresh turkey, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 celery ribs], title: Do Nothing Turkey, picturelink: f.ly5mhatKQ2c.kHmvJ9Mp49pHevO}, 22802: {instructions: For the salsa: In a medium bowl, add the tomatoes, onions, olive oil, basil, vinegar, salt, black pepper and chile flakes. Toss well, and set aside at room temperature.nFor the provolone: Place the provolone rounds on a waxedpaperlined baking sheet and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, combine the cornstarch and flour, then whisk in the club soda and salt until smooth, cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nIn a large Dutch oven, add 3 to 4 inches canola oil. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F.nLightly dredge each piece of the provolone in flour. Working in batches, dip the provolone rounds into the batter, then shake off any excess and place in the hot oil. Fry until lightly browned and puffy on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the provolone and season with some salt. Repeat for the remaining rounds of provolone.nCut the crispy provolone into wedges and place on a large serving platter. Garnish with the parsley and serve with the Italian salsa spooned over the top or on the side for dipping., ingredients: [2 cups cherry tomatoes, quartered, 14 cup finely diced sweet onion, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch chile flakes, Canola oil, for frying, One 16ounce log provolone, wax removed, sliced into 12inchthick rounds, 1 cup cornstarch, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dredging, 2 cups cold club soda, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Fried Provolone with Italian Salsa, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 22803: {instructions: Hang a large, well packed scoop of vanilla ice cream on the edge of a fountain glass or other tall drinking glass. Fill the glass 34 full with root beer. Set the fountain glass on a salad plate, underlining the glass for overflow. Serve floats with straws and parfait spoons. When you are ready to enjoy the floats, knock the ice cream into the root beer and watch it fizz up as the ice cream floats. Yummy This is the simplest and my most favorite fountain drink, ingredients: [1 pint vanilla bean ice cream, 2 quarts root beer], title: Root Beer Floats, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 22804: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTrim any surface fat from the ribs. Rub all surfaces of the meat generously with salt and pepper. Put the ribs into a large baking dish that fits them all in a single layer. Drizzle the vinegar over the ribs and turn them over so they have vinegar on both sides. Let the ribs marinate, turning them occasionally at room temperature for up to 1 hour or in the refrigerator for up to 4 hours. This longer marinating time may make the surface of the ribs turns grayishwhite in spots. That is fine and the discoloration will disappear when they are grilled.nHeat a gas grill to mediumhigh or build a strong charcoal fire.nGrill the ribs, turning them once, until well browned, even charred here and there, about 6 minutes per side. The ribs should be just a touch rarer than mediumanything less and they will be very chewy. Let them rest 4 to 5 minutes before serving.nPull the husks from the tomatillos and wash them under cool water until they no longer feel sticky. Cut them into quarters and put them into the work bowl of a food processor. Add the onion and garlic and process until smooth. Add the cilantro, jalapeno and lime juice and process until the jalapeno is finely chopped.nScrape the mixture into a small saucepan. Season lightly with salt and bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid is boiled off and the salsa looks relishy, about 15 minutes. Cool before using. The sauce can be refrigerated for up to 1 week. If refrigerated, you may want to add a little salt andor lime juice to the salsa before serving., ingredients: [4 pound beef short ribs, cut across the ribs into 1 12inch thick slices, Kosher or fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows, 1 pound fresh tomatillos, 1 large Spanish onion about 12 ounces, cut into large chunks about 3 cups, 3 cloves garlic, 12 packed cup coarsely chopped cilantro leaves, 12 jalapeno seeds and all if you like heat, 12 lime, juiced, Kosher or fine sea salt], title: Barbecued Short Ribs of Beef  Tira de Asado, picturelink: Vu8DMMftHuWtOdvuJGIypBWqzZNQ0aO}, 22805: {instructions: For the pancakes: In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt until combined.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk together the ricotta, almond milk, vanilla, blood orange zest and juice and egg until combined.nAdd the wet ingredients to the dry and stir to combine until the ingredients are just moistened be careful not to overmix.nIn a large nonstick pan or griddle, heat the butter over medium heat. For each pancake, add 14 cup of batter to the pan, spreading the batter out with the back of the measuring cup into a round shape.nCook until the surface of the pancakes starts to bubble, about 3 minutes. Flip the pancakes over with a spatula and cook until the second side is lightly browned, 3 minutes more. Serve warm with blood orange syrup, if desired.nFor the blood orange syrup: Stir together the maple syrup and blood orange zest and heat in the microwave until warm, about 15 seconds. Drizzle over the pancakes and serve with additional blood orange slices., ingredients: [1 cup white whole wheat flour, 12 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup ricotta, 12 cup almond milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon blood orange zest plus 2 tablespoons blood orange juice, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons butter, 13 cup maple syrup, 14 teaspoon blood orange zest, Blood orange slices, for garnish], title: Blood Orange WholeWheat Ricotta Pancakes, picturelink: iv3BYJ29hvu6xfesgNIpQHpLJf9XhS}, 22806: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nSeason fish with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Sear the tomatoes over medium heat, add the leeks, and cook together 3 minutes. Add the shallots, olives, capers, reserved tomato juice, vermouth, and stock, and cook 5 minutes more over medium heat, or until the sauce reduces slightly.nPour the vegetable mixture into an ovenproof casserole. Place the fish on top of the bed of vegetables and roast the fish for 8 to 10 minutes. Gently remove the fish from the casserole, stir in the tarragon and butter and spoon the vegetable sauce around the fish.nServe immediately, sprinkled with additional chopped tarragon., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Chilean sea bass, skinless and bones removed cut into four 1 12 thick steaks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup drained canned plum tomatoes, crushed, reserve tomato juice for recipe, 3 large leeks, split, carefully washed, julienned, 2 shallots, finely minced, 14 cup pitted nicoise olives, 3 tablespoons capers, 14 cup dry white vermouth, 12 cup fish stock, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Roasted Chilean Sea Bass with Seared Tomatoes and Leeks, picturelink: null}, 22807: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saute pan over medium heat, cook the pancetta until tendercrisp. Remove to a paper towellined plate and set aside. Reserve the pan with the drippings.nSeparate 4 of the eggs and set the yolks aside. Discard the 4 whites. Crack the fifth egg and add it to the yolks.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, 23 of the pancetta, the ParmigianoReggiano, black pepper and cayenne.nCook the pasta until al dente. Add the peas when the pasta is just about finished and strain both into the reserved pancetta drippings. Reserve about 34 cup pasta water to fortify the sauce.nAdd the egg mixture into the pasta and toss well with tongs for about 1 minute. Add the reserved pasta water to the bowl in 14 cup increments, combining and adding until desired sauce consistency is reached. Add the parsley and gently combine and place into a serving dish.nGarnish with the reserved pancetta., ingredients: [1 12 cups 14inch diced pancetta, 5 organic large eggs, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 pound bucatini, 1 cup frozen peas, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped Italian parsley, for garnish], title: Carbonara Classica, picturelink: SrDZhpsTSWT2MklI2pjCiJIjiEXjEO}, 22808: {}, 22809: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a bowl stir together flour, salt, and baking soda. In another large bowl stir together butter, both sugars, eggs, vanilla and cocoa. Gradually stir flour mixture into butter mixture and mix until combined. Stir chocolate chips and walnuts, if using, and stir to distribute evenly.nFor cookies: Drop dough by tablespoonfuls onto greased baking sheets and bake about 10 minutes. Cool on a baking rack.nFor bars: Pat dough into a greased 9 inch square baking pan and bake 20 to 25 minutes. Cut into squares when cooled, ingredients: [2 14 cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 sticks butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa, 2 cups chocolate chips, 2 Hersheys chocolate bars, chopped or MMS, 1 cup chopped walnuts optional], title: Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 22810: {instructions: Special equipment: Charcoal and hickory and apple wood chips soaked in water 12 hour prior to cookingnTwelve hours prior to cooking, trim fat cap to 14inch thickness from pork butt. Season heavily with dry rub. Place in plastic bag and refrigerate overnight.nRemove pork from refrigerator 2 hours prior to cooking to come to room temperature.nPrepare smoker to temperature of 210 to 220 degrees F and place 1 handful of hickory chips and 1 handful of apple chips on hot coals.nPlace pork butt in smoker and smoke for 14 to 16 hours adding 1 handful of hickory and 1 handful of apple chips every 4 hours. After 5 hours in smoker, begin spraying generously with apple juice every 2 hours.nPork will be done when the internal temperature reaches 185 to 190 degrees F.nPull or chop meat as desired and top with your favorite sauce, ingredients: [1 5pound or larger bonein pork butt, 14 cup BBQ dry rub, homemade or storebought, 1 cup apple juice in spray bottle], title: Wood Chicks Smoked Pork Butt, picturelink: GbJk31UxN4cw53cYqxqqaCHbkat63QW}, 22811: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a small bowl, toss the tomatoes in 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and place on a baking sheet. Roast until soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer the tomatoes to a food processor and process until smooth. Strain, pressing against the solids with a wooden spoon to extract as much pulp and juice as possible.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat until almost smoking, and saute the onion and garlic until translucent. Add the tomato puree, cider vinegar, brown sugar, cinnamon, allspice, and honey, and season with salt and pepper. Continue cooking, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thick, about 20 minutes. May be refrigerated, covered, up to 2 days., ingredients: [34 pound ripe tomatoes, cored and quartered, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 medium onion, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, finely diced, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon allspice, 112 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Roasted Tomato Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 22812: {instructions: In a bowl, blend the ground meat with the salt and pepper, mixing well but not over mixing. Divide into four 8ounce portions and press flat with a burger press or between plates, should be 12inch thick. Next, on a preheated flat top or griddle, sear the burgers on the first side, 4 minutes, and then flip and repeat the process. Cook the burgers until the internal temperature reaches 140 degrees F for medium.nFor the buns, preheat a saute pan over medium heat or use the griddle from the burgers. Then spread butter on both sides of the interior of the buns. Toast the buns until browned, 1 to 2 minutes.nFinally, heat the oil in a saute pan over high heat. Add the eggs and cook until the whites are set, with a soft yolk, for overmedium eggs.nTo build, stack a burger on a toasted bun with 2 bacon slices, a tomato slice, a fried egg and the bun top. Repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [2 pounds ground short rib, 1 tablespoon mixed salt and black pepper, Butter, softened, for toasting, 4 buns, 14inch thick, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 4 eggs, 8 bacon slices, fried semi crisp, 4 tomato slices], title: Short Rib, Bacon and Egg Burgers, picturelink: null}, 22813: {instructions: In a very large pot, bring 5 quarts water and 3 tablespoons salt to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until just al dente, about 1 minute less than the package directions. Occasionally give the pasta a stir so it doesnt stick together. Scoop out and reserve 1 cup of the pasta water before draining the pasta.nMeanwhile, put a large skillet over high heat. Add the olive oil and sausage and cook, breaking up the meat as it cooks, 2 to 4 minutes. Add the fava beans and ramps, season with salt and pepper and cook for 2 minutes.nAdd the pasta and reserved pasta water to the pan and cook for 30 seconds, stirring to blend. Remove from the heat and stir in the parmesan. Top with a good drizzle of olive oil and a sprinkling of freshly ground pepper.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound fresh orecchiette pasta, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 pound spicy Italian sausage, removed from the casings if not bulk, 1 cup peeled shelled fava beans, 3 cups sliced ramps, bulbs and leaves or an equal amount of leeks and 1 garlic clove, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups freshly grated parmesan cheese], title: Orecchiette with Ramps and Favas, picturelink: null}, 22814: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees. In a large skillet preferably nonstick, heat the oil over mediumhigh. Add the sliced onion and cook, stirring frequently, until softening and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and stir nearly constantly until they have softened and any juice they release has evaporated, about 5 minutes longer. Stir in the sliced chile, then taste and season with salt, usually about 14 teaspoon. Transfer the mixture to a 9 or 10inch shallow baking dish, Mexican cazuela or pie plate. Very lightly dampen a clean kitchen towel. Check the tortillas to make sure none are stuck together. Wrap them in the towel, then in foil, sealing the edges tightly. Place in the oven and set the timer for 7 minutes. When the timer goes off, stir the shredded cheese into the warm mushroom mixture. Set in the oven alongside the tortillas and bake until the cheese is just melted, about 5 more minutes. Sprinkle with the thyme or epazote and black pepper and serve without a moments hesitation, accompanied by the warm tortillas., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons olive oil, preferably extravirgin, 1 large red onion, sliced, 6 to 8 ounces fullflavored mushrooms such as shiitakes, oysters or practically any wild variety, stemmed discard woody stems or chop them finely and sliced youll have about 2 generous cups, 2 to 3 canned chipotle chiles, removed from the canning sauce, seeded and thinly sliced, Salt, 12 corn tortillas, the fresher the better storebought are okay, though homemade will really shine here, 8 ounces mozzarella, preferably whole milk but not fresh mozzarella which will not melt or Mexican quesillo cheese, shredded, A generous 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme or 1 generous teaspoon chopped fresh epazote leaves, A little fresh ground black pepper], title: Queso Fundido con Hongos y Chile Chipotle Mozzarella Casserole with Mushrooms and Smoky Chipotle Chile, picturelink: null}, 22815: {instructions: FOR THE PANNA COTTAn1.In a small bowl of cool water, submerge the gelatin sheets to soften. They will go from stiff to soft, kind of like the texture of a giant contact lens. Feel oneits SO cooln2.In a small saucepan, combine the cream, sugar, and espresso powder. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise down one side, open it up, and scrape out the seeds with a paring knife. Add the seeds and the hull to the pan. Whisk to combine everything.n3.Bring the cream mixture to a boil and then immediately turn off the heat. Remove the softened gelatin sheets from the water and squeeze out the excess water. Add the gelatin sheets to the pan and whisk to combine.n4.Immediately ladle the cream mixture into four 6ounce ramekins and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours ornovernight.nFOR THE CHOCOLATE SAUCEn1.Fill a small saucepan with 1 inch of water and bring it to a boil BTB.n2.In a medium heatproof bowl, combine the chocolate chips, heavy cream, butter and corn syrup. place the bowl on top of the pan of water this is a doubleboiler setup. Reduce the heat to a simmer. Stir until the chocolate has melted and all the ingredients are combined. Remove and use immediately or store in a warm place until ready to use.nTO UNMOLD THE PANNA COTTAn1.Fill a small saucepan with 1 inch of water and bring to a boil, then turn off the heat. Run a paring knife around the outside edge of the panna cotta to loosen it. Set each ramekin in the saucepan for 10 seconds. Place a small serving plate on top of each ramekin and flip it over to unmold the panna cotta. If it doesnt release, put the ramekin in the water for a few seconds more and try again.n2.To serve, ladle a couple tablespoons of the chocolate sauce around the panna cotta and sprinkle with a few chocolatecovered espresso beans., ingredients: [2 tablespoons light corn syrup, FOR THE PANNA COTTA:, 4 sheets of gelatin, 3 cups heavy cream, u00be cup sugar, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, u00bd vanilla bean, u00bd cup chocolatecovered espresso beans, for garnish, FOR THE CHOCOLATE SAUCE:, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, u00bc cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Cappuccino Panna Cotta with Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: 9rJGa2BJyM9I2NFDpIGMkWIG0TSUps6}, 22816: {instructions: In a 9inch nonstick skillet cook the onion, the zucchini, and the peppers with salt and black pepper to taste in 1 tablespoon of the oil over moderate heat, stirring, for 10 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender. In a bowl whisk together the eggs, 13 cup of the Parmesan and the parsley, add the vegetable mixture, and stir the mixture until it is combined well. In the skillet heat the remaining 12 tablespoon oil over moderate heat until it is hot but not smoking, pour in the egg mixture, distributing the vegetables evenly, and cook the frittata, without stirring, for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the edge is set but the center is still soft. Sprinkle the remaining 13 cup Parmesan over the top. If the skillet handle is plastic, wrap it in a double thickness of foil. Broil the frittata under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the cheese is golden, let it cool in the skillet for 5 minutes, and run a knife around the edge. Slide the frittata onto a serving plate, cut it into wedges, and serve it warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [13 cup finely chopped onion, 1 cup thinly sliced zucchini, 12 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, 12 cup finely chopped green bell pepper, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 4 large eggs, 23 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Zucchini and Bell Pepper Frittata, picturelink: null}, 22817: {instructions: Mix together the vegetable oil, chipotle and sauce, smoked paprika, honey, oregano, cumin, garlic, lime zest and juice, 2 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Rub some under the skin of the chicken breasts and thighs, and then all over the outside of the chicken. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPrepare a grill for low indirect heat: For gas grills with 3 or more burners, turn all the burners to mediumhigh heat after about 15 minutes turn off one of the middle burners and turn the remaining burners down to low. For charcoal grills, bank one chimney starterfull of lit and ashedover charcoal briquettes to one side of the grill. Set up a drip pan on the other side to avoid flareups. Be sure to consult the grill manufacturers guide for best results.nPlace the chicken breastside up on the indirect side. Cover and cook, rotating the chicken periodically, until an instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the thigh avoiding the bone reads at least 165 degrees F, 1 hour and 30 minutes to 1 hour and 40 minutes. If using charcoal, you might have to add more charcoal during cooking. Let the chicken rest 20 minutes before carving.nMeanwhile, increase the grill to mediumhigh heat. Drizzle some oil on the scallions and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until softened and darkly charred in spots on all sides, just a few minutes. At the same time, warm up the tortillas on the grill, about 1 minute per side stack grilled tortillas and wrap in foil to keep warm.nServe chicken with warm tortillas, charred scallions, lime wedges and salsa., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 tablespoons chipotle in adobo 1 tablespoon finely chopped chipotle peppers and 1 tablespoon sauce, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 cloves garlic, finely grated, Zest of 1 lime and juice of 12, plus wedges for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 whole chicken 3 12 to 4 pounds, 2 bunches scallions, root ends trimmed, 16 small corn tortillas, Prepared salsa, for serving], title: SlowGrilled Chipotle Chicken, picturelink: 2PRDfMkbnSxA0yOx6kg6wbKm.ZEH6}, 22818: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add spinach and stir for 30 seconds. Strain in a colander. Squeeze out excess water. Reserve spinach.nIn a saute pan over mediumhigh heat add olive oil. Add garlic and chili and cook for approximately 2 minutes, or until garlic just begins to brown. Add spinach and saute for 2 minutes. Add lemon juice, salt and pepper. Toss and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fresh spinach, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Spinach, picturelink: null}, 22819: {instructions: Wash the okra, trim the stems, but leave on the caps.nIn a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Add the okra and saute, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes.nAdd the garlic, red pepper flakes, thyme, basil, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for 1 minute more, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound okra pods, each less than 3 inches long, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon minced fresh basil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Yankee Okra, picturelink: null}, 22820: {instructions: Position the racks to divide the oven into thirds and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter 48 minimuffin tins. There is enough batter to make 48 cakes in tins with a 2tablespoon capacity or 16 cakes in standard muffin tins holding 13 cup.nWorking in a medium mixing bowl with a whisk, beat the egg whites just to break them up. Add the ground almonds, sugar, flour and corn syrup and stir until the batter is smooth. If youd like, you can cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate for as long as overnight.nPut the butter in a small saucepan and bring it to a boil over medium heat. Remove the butter from the heat and stir it into the batter. When the batter is no longer warm, stir in the chocolate chips.nSpoon about 1 tablespoon of batter into each muffin tin. If you are using regularsize tins, use about 3 tablespoons of batter for each muffin mold. Bake the cakes for 15 to 18 minutes, or until they are puffed and golden a knife inserted in the center of the cakes should come out clean. Allow the cakes to cool for 2 or 3 minutes, then turn them out onto racks to cool to room temperature.nWhen the cakes are cool, you can top them with ganache, if you wish.nPut the chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl. Bring the heavy cream to a boil in a small saucepan. Pour the cream over the chocolate, let rest 30 seconds, then gently stir the cream into the chocolate with a small whisk. Stir, do not beat  you dont want to beat air into the ganache. The ganache is now ready to be used as a dip.nTo dip: Place the tiger cakes upside down on a cooling rack. To protect your counter, put a sheet of parchment or foil under the rack. One by one, dip the bottoms of the cakes into the ganache, glazing them with ganache to about the halfway point. Return the cakes to the rack to set u2013 about 1 hour at room temperature or 15 minutes in the refrigerator.nKeeping: Tigres will keep in a covered container at room temperature for up to 3 days, although ganachetopped tigres are best eaten the day they are made. Packed airtight, tiger cakes can be frozen for up to 1 month., ingredients: [6 large egg whites, at room temperature, 2 14 cups ground blanched almonds, 34 cup sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 stick plus 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, or minichips, Bittersweet chocolate ganache, optional, recipe follows, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces and at room temperature, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Tiger Tea Cakes: Les Tigres, picturelink: 5fyYIDBqOfC4f6quXhEwrpSuSfeNvS}, 22821: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 F. Place tartlett shells on a sheet tray and bake until golden brown. Let cool.nMince salmon in a food processor. In a medium bowl, mix salmon, onion, chives, capers, aioli and a touch of lemon. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Refrigerate until use.nIn a small bowl, mix yogurt, dill, lemon, salt and pepper. To serve, fill each shell with a spoon of salmon mixture. Top with a refined amount of caviar and tiny dollop of yogurt. Garnish with dainty dill sprig., ingredients: [100 phyllo tartlett shells, 1 side smoked salmon, minced, 1 small red onion, chopped fine, 1 bunch chives, chopped very fine, 1 cup capers, rough chopped, 2 cups aioli, 1 jar domestic osetra caviar, 2 cups plain yogurt, drained, 2 Tbs. fresh dill, chopped fine, fresh juice from 2 lemons, salt and pepper to taste, dill to garnish], title: Phyllo Tartlets with Smoke Salmon Rillettes, picturelink: null}, 22822: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the chicken breasts on a sheet pan and rub the skin with olive oil. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Roast for 35 to 40 minutes, until the chicken is just cooked. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones, discard the skin, and dice the chicken into large bitesize pieces.nFor the dressing, combine the mayonnaise, wine, chutney, curry powder, and 1 12 teaspoons salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Process until smooth.nCombine the chicken with enough dressing to moisten well. Add the celery, scallions, and raisins, and mix well. Refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to blend. Add the cashews and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [3 whole 6 split chicken breasts, bonein, skinon, Olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups good mayonnaise recommended: Hellmans, 13 cup dry white wine, 14 cup chutney recommended: Major Greys, 3 tablespoons curry powder, 1 cup mediumdiced celery 2 large stalks, 14 cup chopped scallions, white and green parts 2 scallions, 14 cup raisins, 1 cup whole roasted, salted cashews], title: Curried Chicken Salad, picturelink: ZU9YtqxJgSK6.WLFlOzaPRgFAu6PSu}, 22823: {instructions: Arrange the first nine items decoratively on a large platter. Whisk together the oregano, the vinegar and salt and pepper, to taste. Add the oil in a stream, whisking. Drizzle the dressing over the platter., ingredients: [6 vineripened tomatoes, cut into eighths, 1 seedless cucumber, halved lengthwise and sliced crosswise, 2 bunches radishes, 1 tin anchovies, drained, 2 red peppers, cut into strips, 12 pound feta, crumbled, 12 cup caper berries, 1 red onion, sliced, 1 cup Kalamata olives, 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano leaves, 14 cup red or white wine vinegar, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Greek Salad, picturelink: null}, 22824: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the pork, scallions, soy sauce, sesame oil and gingerroot. Mix well so that the flavors will penetrate the meat. Then add the cabbage and mix until all the ingredients are thoroughly combined. The filling will not taste right if you try to combine all the ingredients at once. Place 1 dumpling wrapper on a plate or a board. Place 1 scant tablespoon of pork mixture in the center. Moisten the edges of the wrapper with a little water, then fold them over the filling to form a halfmoon shape. Pinch the center together first, then stand the dumpling up on its base and pleat one of the sides of the halfmoon twice, halfway between the outer edge and the center. Pleat the other side in the same way and leave the dumpling standing up. Stand the finished dumplings on a baking sheet lined with wax paper. Do not allow the sides of the dumplings to touch each other, or they will stick together. Repeat, using the remaining dumpling wrappers and pork filling. The dumplings can be made in advance and frozen for up to 3 months, or they may be cooked immediately, either boiled or panfried. Serve hot, with SoyGinger Sauce on the side.nCombine all the ingredients in a small bowl. Mix thoroughly and serve. This sauce will keep for up to a week in the refrigerator, without the gingerroot. Add the gingerroot when ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pound pork butt, coarsely ground, 1 cup finely chopped scallions, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 1 tablespoon peeled, grated gingerroot, 12 pound Chinese Napa cabbage, finely chopped See Cooks Note, 1 1pound package round dumpling wrappers gyoza, 3 inches in diameter, SoyGinger Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon peeled, julienned gingerroot, soaked in ice water], title: Pork Dumplings with SoyGinger Sauce, picturelink: null}, 22825: {instructions: Special equipment: a pasta machine and a linen clothnFor the pasta: On a flat surface, pour out the flour in a mound and make a crater in the center. Place the eggs unbeaten, oil and salt in the crater and work the mixture into the flour, kneading with the flat of your hands until your dough is smooth and elastic. Let the dough rest for 30 minutes.nDivide the dough into four equal parts. Place one piece of dough at a time on a wellfloured surface, sprinkle with more flour and roll it out thin enough to run through a pasta machine. Run through a pasta machine 3 to 4 times, changing the setting until the desired thinness is achieved. Place the pasta sheet on a wellfloured surface and repeat with the remaining dough.nRun the pasta sheets through the fettuccine cutter in the pasta machine and place the fettuccine on a linen cloth sprinkled with flour.nFill a large stockpot with 3 quarts of water and bring to a boil. While waiting for water to boil, prepare the sauce.nFor the sauce: Combine the cream and lemon and orange zest in a skillet. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon, until the cream lightly coats the sides of the pan, 2 to 4 minutes after it comes to a boil.nAdd the cognac, if using, and mint leaves, and cook another 2 minutes. Season with salt to taste and set aside.nWhen the water is boiling, add 1 tablespoon kosher salt and cook the pasta until al dente. Lightly drain, transfer to the cream mixture, and saute for 1 minute, moving everything around with tongs to combine the ingredients. Add the ParmigianoReggiano, stir well and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups hardgrain semolina flour, plus extra for the work surface, 2 jumbo eggs, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon sea salt, Kosher salt, 2 cups heavy cream, Zest of 1 lemon, Zest of 1 orange, 1 ounce cognac, optional, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, Kosher salt, 1 cup roughly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Tagliatelle del Magnifico, picturelink: tc41ifR1vxusqznCSYLd38moW4rEtG}, 22826: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the flour in a shallow platter and add the onion powder, garlic powder, cayenne, salt, and pepper mix with a fork to distribute evenly. Pat the pork chops dry with paper towels to remove any moisture and then dredge them in the seasoned flour shaking off the excess.nHeat a large saute pan or cast iron skillet over medium heat and coat with the oil. When the oil is nice and hot, lay the pork chops in the pan in a single layer and fry for 3 minutes on each side until golden brown. Remove the pork chops from the pan and add a little sprinkle of seasoned flour to the pan drippings. Mix the flour into the fat to dissolve and then pour in the chicken broth in. Let the liquid cook down for 5 minutes to reduce and thicken slightly. Stir in the buttermilk to make a creamy gravy and return the pork chops to the pan, covering them with the sauce. Simmer for 5 minutes until the pork is cooked through. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with chopped parsley before serving., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 pork chops, 34inch thick, bonein, 14 cup olive oil, 1 cup chicken broth, 12 cup buttermilk, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Smothered Pork Chops, picturelink: IoW6VGfsMWB133b3.XiheQjbejJphm}, 22827: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large wok over medium heat, toast the corn cereal, puffed rice cereal, peanuts, and pepitas until the cereals have crisped up, about 2 minutes. Remove from the pan.nWarm the oil in the same wok over medium heat. Add the mustard seeds stand back, theyll pop, curry leaves, green chile, and turmeric. Cook about 30 seconds. Turn the heat off.nAdd the cereal mixture, plantain chips, if using, and raisins. Season with salt. Toss until well combined, and pour into a big bowl. Crack a beer and enjoy, ingredients: [2 cups corn cereal recommended: Corn Flakes, 2 cups puffed rice cereal recommended: Rice Krispies, 14 cup shelled, skinless peanuts, 14 cup pepitas pumpkin seeds, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 teaspoon brown or black mustard seeds, 8 to 10 fresh curry leaves, optional, 12 green serrano chile, minced, 12 teaspoon turmeric, Small handful plantain chips, optional, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, Kosher salt], title: Indian Snack Mix Chewda, picturelink: 0UCsDwK7jzhJEqb1inXv8woIOEfH.Qe}, 22828: {instructions: In a small, shallow plate, add the pink salt. Rub the rims of 10 margarita glasses with the lime wedge and then dip the rims into the salt.nFill a pitcher with ice, then add the lime juice, tequila, prickly pear syrup and orange liqueur. Stir, then strain into the prepared glasses., ingredients: [Coarse pink salt, for rimming glasses, 1 lime wedge, 3 cups freshly squeezed lime juice, 3 cups silver tequila, 2 cups prickly pear syrup, 1 cup orange liqueur, such as triple sec], title: Prickly Pear Margaritas, picturelink: qIiS64R3wq1Y7zwtiCpO0PrB0Q5Ai}, 22829: {instructions: Remove the giblets from the hens. Rinse the hens with cold water and pat them dry with paper towels.nCombine the marinade ingredients in a small bowl. Place the hens in a large selfsealing foodstorage bag and pour the marinade over them. Close the bag securely and refrigerate for at least 3 hours. Shake the bag once or twice to coat the hens evenly with the marinade. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.nRemove the hens from the plastic bag and pat dry with paper towels. Season the hens inside and out with salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity loosely with the Cornbread Herbed Stuffing. Rub or brush butter over the skin of the hens and place the hens breast side up in a shallow roasting pan, large enough to allow space between the hens.nRoast for 15 minutes to brown. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees and baste frequently with pan drippings and melted butter. Continue roasting for 35 to 45 minutes, or until the juices run clear when the flesh is pierced with a sharp knife.nIn saute pan, melt the butter. Saute the onions and celery in the butter until tender. In a large bowl, toss the bread cubes with onions, celery, poultry seasoning, and herbs. Add the eggs and enough chicken stock to slightly moisten and barely bind the ingredients. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Yield: 9 to 10 cups, ingredients: [4 Cornish hens about 1 pound each, Cornbread Herbed Stuffing, recipe follows, 14 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary or 34 teaspoon dried rosemary, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup chopped onions, 1 cup chopped celery, 2 cups dry cornbread cubes, 2 cups dry white bread cubes, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage leaves or 34 teaspoon dried sage leaves, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary or 34 teaspoon dried rosemary, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 to 1 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Rosemary Roast Cornish Hens, picturelink: null}, 22830: {instructions: Heat the oven to 500 degrees F. Place a 15 by 10 14inch roasting rack in a heavy 16 by 13inch roasting pan alternatively, use 2 large disposable aluminum roasting pans set inside one another for added strength. Stuff the turkey with the stuffing. Using a trussing needle and butchers string, sew the sides of the body cavity together, stitching from side to side, to enclose the stuffing. To truss the turkey, tuck wings under body. Tuck neck flap under body to secure then center a 3 foot length of butchers string over the neck flap. Bring the string ends of the string under wings, over drumsticks, wrap each end around a drumstick, pull drumsticks together, and tie then ends of the string into a bow. The bow makes it easier to remove the trussing string after roasting. Brush the turkey breast with melted butter. Place the turkey, breast side down, on the rack, and brush with remaining melted butter. Place breast side down in the oven, and roast until brown all over, about 30 minutes. Remove the turkey from the oven, and reduce temperature to 325 degrees F. While the oven cools, brush the hot turkey with the paste, and allow it to set until dry, 5 to 7 minutes turn it over on the rack, and brush the breast side with paste. Place the coated turkey in the oven. Using a turkey baster, baste with basting liquid. Continue basting the turkey every 15 minutes with basting liquid throughout the roasting process, about 7 hours allowing about 20 minutes per pound. Results yield a turkey with a dark, black coating over the skin that can be removed with tweezers before serving to reveal succulent moist skin and meat.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Saute veal, pork, and beef until brown and thoroughly cooked, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, and mix with the bread crumbs in a large mixing bowl. In another large bowl, combine apple, orange, pineapple, lemon zest, water chestnuts, and ginger. Add to the meat and bread crumbs. Combine mustard powder, caraway seed, celery seed, oregano, bay leaf, mace, parsley, turmeric, onions, celery, marjoram, summer savory, and poultry seasoning in a small bowl. Add to the large bowl containing the fruitmeatbread crumb mixture. Using your hands, combine all the ingredients until achieving a consistent soft, moist texture. Use immediately to stuff the turkey the stuffing can be made a day in advance, if covered, and refrigerated. Yield: 18 to 20 cups enough for an 18 to 22 pound turkeynCombine all of the ingredients in a small bowl, until you have the consistency of a light paste add additional flour if necessary. Yield: 14 cupnIn a medium saucepan, combine gizzard, neck, heart, bay leaf, paprika, coriander, garlic, salt, and pepper with 4 cups water. Bring to a simmer, and continue to simmer until the turkey pieces are cooked through, about 20 to 25 minutes. Add apple cider, stir, and remove from heat. Using a turkey baster, baste the turkey with the liquid every 15 minutes according to Step 4 of the BlackLacquered Turkey recipe. If you run out of basting liquid, you may use apple cider or the roasting juices that accumulate in the roasting pan.nYield: 6 cups, ingredients: [1 18 to 22 pound turkey, 1 recipe Stuffing, recipe follows, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 recipe Glazing Paste, recipe follows, 1 recipe Basting Liquid, recipe follows, 14 pound unsalted butter, 34 pound ground veal, 12 pound ground pork, 14 pound ground beef, 2 16ounce packages bread crumbs or stuffing mix, 1 large apple, peeled and diced, 1 large orange, peeled and diced, 1 20ounce can crushed pineapple, drained, 12 lemon, zested, about 1 teaspoon, 1 5ounce can water chestnuts, drained and coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons preserved ginger, chopped, 3 teaspoons mustard powder, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, 3 teaspoons celery seeds, 2 12 teaspoons oregano, 1 bay leaf, crushed, 12 teaspoon mace, 4 tablespoons parsley, chopped, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 3 medium onions, chopped, 6 large celery stalks, chopped, 12 teaspoon dried marjoram, 12 teaspoon summer savory, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon grated onion, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, more if needed, 1 turkey gizzard, chopped, 1 turkey neck, chopped, 1 turkey heart, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon coriander, 1 clove garlic, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup apple cider], title: Black Lacquered Turkey, picturelink: null}, 22831: {instructions: In a saucepan combine the wine, the sugar, and 1 cup water and bring the mixture to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Simmer the syrup for 5 minutes and let it cool. In a blender or food processor puree the grapes, add the syrup, and blend the mixture well. Strain the puree through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on the solids, stir in 1 cup cold water and the lemon juice, and chill the mixture, covered, for 1 to 2 hours, or until it is cold. The mixture may be made up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Stir the mixture, transfer it to 2 metal ice cube trays without the dividers or a shallow metal bowl, and freeze it, stirring it with a fork every 20 to 30 minutes depending on the temperature of the freezer and crushing the large frozen clumps, for 2 to 3 hours, or until it is firm but not frozen hard. Scrape the granita with a fork to lighten the texture and serve it in chilled bowls., ingredients: [13 cup dry white wine, 13 cup sugar, 1 pound about 3 cups seedless green grapes, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste], title: Green Grape Granita, picturelink: null}, 22832: {instructions: Mix together the basil, oregano, parsley, thyme, zest, butter and some salt and pepper. Transfer to a piece of waxed or parchment paper and roll into a log or place in a small bowl. Refrigerate until firm. Slice and serve with fresh corn on the cob, steak or bread., ingredients: [4 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh basil any variety, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme or lemon thyme, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Serving suggestions: Corn on the cob, steak, bread], title: Fresh Herb Butter, picturelink: null}, 22833: {instructions: Place the steak seasoning and vinegar in the bottom of a small bowl then whisk in extravirgin olive oil and let dressing stand 10 to 15 minutes.nAdd the radishes, peppers, pickled vegetables, arugula and parsley to a salad bowl. When youre ready to serve the salad, dress it, toss and season it with salt, if necessary, to taste., ingredients: [2 teaspoons steak seasoning, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 6 large radishes, thinly sliced, 1 green Italian cubanelle pepper, seeded and very thinly sliced, 4 scallions, chopped on an angle, 1 cup chopped pickled green beans, available on condiment aisle, or hot pickled Italian vegetable salad, Giardiniera, drained well, 2 bunches, 6 cups, arugula, cleaned and trimmed, coarsely chopped, Salt, Handful flatleaf parsley, coarsely chopped], title: Peppery Salad, picturelink: null}, 22834: {instructions: Quarter the apples and remove the seeds and cores. Do not peel. Place them in a bowl, add the lemon juice and toss thoroughly to coat.nPlace the apples, water, and sugar in a heavy saucepan. Cover pot and let simmer over low heat for about 30 minutes, or until the apples breakdown to a saucelike consistency.nRemove from the heat, uncover pot, and allow the apples to cool slightly. Gently push the apples through a food mill or wire sieve using a rubber scraper. Discard the skins. Refrigerate until ready for use., ingredients: [8 McIntosh apples, or other tart, redskinned apples, 23 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice about 4 lemons, 1 cup water, 14 cup sugar], title: Pink Applesauce, picturelink: null}, 22835: {instructions: Sift the confectioners sugar and meringue powder into a large bowl. Add the water and beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until soft glossy peaks form. Divide among bowls and tint with food coloring, if desired.nTransfer the icing to resealable plastic bags snip off the corners. Pipe on the cookies., ingredients: [1 1pound box confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons meringue powder available in the baking aisle, 6 tablespoons water, Assorted food coloring], title: Royal Icing, picturelink: null}, 22836: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the cream, sugar, scraped vanilla beans, vanilla pod and honey powder in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, stirring constantly, until all the sugar dissolves. Sprinkle the gelatin over 2 tablespoons cool water in a bowl. In a heatproof container with a spout, combine the gelatin mixture with the heated cream, allowing it to dissolve. Whisk in the buttermilk.nAdd 1 tablespoon of buckwheat honey to the bottom of each of four 8ounce parfait glasses. Divide the panna cotta evenly among the glasses, about 6 ounces in each. Refrigerate until firm, about 3 hours. Drizzle with more honey and sprinkle with the pistachios., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 1 tablespoon honey powder see Cooks Note, 1 12 teaspoons powdered gelatin, 2 cups whole milk buttermilk, 4 tablespoons buckwheat honey, plus more for drizzling, 14 cup salted roasted pistachios, chopped], title: Buttermilk Panna Cotta, picturelink: 9pUQTDcJzP7IBYp.ZRCU.GIswkWtvm}, 22837: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the cream cheese, milk, Parmesan, scallions, garlic, eggs, and lemon juice pulse until smooth. Add the artichokes, salt, pepper, and cayenne, and pulse until just mixed, but still chunky. Transfer the mixture to a buttered, deep 4cup casserole dish and bake until lightly browned and set, about 1 hour. Serve warm with crackers., ingredients: [34 pound cream cheese, softened, 12 cup milk or halfandhalf, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 scallions white and green, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 cups drained jarred or thawed artichoke hearts, patted dry, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Pinch cayenne, Butter, as needed, Assorted crackers], title: Artichoke Dip, picturelink: BXoQJaWh9yjzC9qQEMkoL0A6A1WfC}, 22838: {instructions: Halve the squash or pumpkin, scoop out and discard the seeds and fibers, peel, and cut into 12inch dice. You should have 3 to 3 12 cups. Place in a saucepan, add milk to cover, and place over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until the squash breaks down into a smooth puree, about 30 minutes. Dont worry if the mixture looks curdled it will smooth out. Stir in the 1 12 cups flour and continue to stir until the mixture is thick, about 5 minutes, adding more flour as needed to bind. Beat in the dissolved baking soda, and then the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the salt, granulated sugar, orange zest, citron, raisins, and pine nuts. Remove from the heat. Let stand for about 15 minutes until most of the moisture has been absorbed. Pour oil to a depth of 3 inches in a deep frying pan or wok and heat to 375 degrees. In batches, drop the batter by small 1inch diameter teaspoonfuls into the hot oil. These should not be too large or the center will not cook. Fry until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels to drain briefly. Keep warm until all the fritters are cooked. Arrange the fritters on a platter and sift a heavy dusting of confectioners sugar over the top. Eat while hot or very warm., ingredients: [1 butternut squash or pumpkin, about 1 14 pounds, 2 cups milk, or as needed, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour or as needed, 2 teaspoons baking soda dissolved in 2 teaspoons water, 2 eggs, Pinch salt, 23 cup granulated sugar, or to taste, Grated zest of 1 or 2 oranges, 12 cup candied citron, cut into small dice, 13 cup golden raisins, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, Peanut oil, for deep frying, Confectioners sugar, for topping], title: Frittelle di Zucca Squash Fritters from the Veneto, picturelink: null}, 22839: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium. Oil the grill grates well.nSlice the potatoes lengthwise about 34 inch thick. Place the potatoes in a bowl and add 2 tablespoons canola oil, the paprika and 2 teaspoons each salt and pepper. Toss to coat.nPlace the potatoes on the grill, cover and cook 5 minutes, then rotate them 90 degrees F and cook 5 to 10 more minutes. Flip the potatoes and repeat on the other side. They should be slightly puffed and golden brown. Remove and allow to cool completely. Dice into 34to1inch pieces.nIn a large glass bowl, combine the diced potatoes, celery, red onion and cilantro. In a medium glass bowl, combine the sour cream, mayonnaise, mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons pepper, the capers and lemon juice. Adjust the salt as needed.nFold the mayonnaise mixture into the potato mixture until coated. Cover and refrigerate 20 to 30 minutes. Stir and adjust the seasoning as needed.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for the grill, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes 5 to 6 potatoes, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper, 1 cup diced celery from 2 to 3 stalks, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, 2 teaspoons chopped capers, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Smokin Potato Salad, picturelink: b7NtpyanVXCzFrAGH.4H993xUCIOi}, 22840: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBring large pot of water to a boil and add the baking soda. Drop in the hazelnuts, bring back to a boil, and blanch 10 seconds. Drain hazelnuts in a colander, then spread out on a baking sheet in a single layer. Place in oven and roast 8 to 10 minutes until light brown. Remove from oven, place a kitchen towel over the pan, and allow to cool completely.nRub cooled hazelnuts between your palms the skins should slip right off. Set aside 50 whole hazelnuts. Grind the rest very fine in a food processor fitted with the metal blade and set aside.nPlace sugar and heavy cream in a medium pot and bring to a boil. Add the chopped chocolate, let sit for 2 minutes, then whisk until smooth. Whisk in the butter. Pour the ganache into the bowl of an electric mixer and allow to cool until set. Fit the machine with a paddle and beat the set ganache on medium speed until aerated and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the reserved ground hazelnuts and the liqueur if using. Beat well to thoroughly combine.nLoad mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch plain tip. Line a baking sheet with parchment or waxed paper. Pipe out 12inch balls. On top of each ball, press in one of the reserved whole toasted hazelnuts until it is halfway buried. Place pan in refrigerator to chill completely.nTo coat, place tempered chocolate in a medium bowl. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment or waxed paper. Get yourself 2 forks. Place one nuttopped ball on the prongs of one fork, nut up. Lower the fork into the melted chocolate, covering completely. Lift fork up, pause 3 seconds to allow excess chocolate to drip off, then run bottom of fork along top of bowl to remove excess chocolate. Place fork on paperlined pan and use second fork to push off the candy while you withdraw the first fork its easier than it sounds. Keep the nut up at all times. Repeat with remaining centers. If its warm out, place the finished candies in the refrigerator to set otherwise they will set at cool room temperature 65 degrees.nBoth of these candies make great Christmas presents packed into little boxes or baskets. They are involved but can be done easily in large batches. One day of work can yield many gifts. You can make a double of triple batch of truffle ganache and divide it, beating different flavorings into different parts., ingredients: [6 ounces whole hazelnuts, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 pound bittersweet chocolate, chopped finely, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons Amaretto or other nut liqueur, or dark rum optional, 1 pound tempered chocolate for dipping], title: Chocolate Hazelnut Smooches, picturelink: 00C9QfhV6pqhVJvLjknSJ5b7vf8PtKq}, 22841: {instructions: In a food processor combine the flour, salt, eggs, oil and 14 cup water process until dough begins to form a ball. Add more water, only if needed, 1 teaspoon at a time. Process 30 seconds more to knead. Remove dough from processor and rest, covered with inverted bowl, at room temperature for 1 hour.nDivide dough into 4 pieces. Set rollers of pasta machine at widest setting. Flatten 1 piece of dough into a rectangle cover other pieces with inverted bowl. Lightly dust rectangle with flour and feed through rollers. Fold rectangle in half and feed through rollers 6 to 8 more times, folding in half each time and dusting lightly with flour to keep it from sticking to machine. Turn dial down one notch and feed the dough to last setting. Repeat with other 3 pieces.nCut sheets of dough into equal lengths. Cover surface of one sheet with fresh herb leaves stems removed. Top with second dough sheet. With lightly floured rolling pin, roll dough sheets to seal. With pastry wheel or knife, cut dough into large shapes and dust very lightly with flour. Transfer to parchment lined baking sheet and dry slightly., ingredients: [2 cups all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, beaten lightly, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup water, plus 3 teaspoons, Washed and dried, large Italian parsley leaves, dill, tarragon or cilantro], title: Herb Pasta Dough, picturelink: null}, 22842: {instructions: Rim the outside of a tall, chilled pint glass with 1 quarter of the lime. Pour salt on a plate. Press the rim of a glass into the salt to rim the edge. Squeeze the rest of the limes into the glass. Drop the limes in the glass. Add the Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce. Fill glass with ice, add beer, and stir., ingredients: [1 lime, cut into quarters, Kosher salt, 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 34 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, 1 cup Mexican pilsnerstyle beer recommended: Modelo Especial, Ice], title: Michelada, picturelink: PjCSgeI9Paqr2cRZuGU1afm70II.7G}, 22843: {instructions: In a 10inch heavy skillet heat 12 inch oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and fry tortillas, 1 at a time, turning with tongs, until pale golden and crisp, about 1 12 minutes. Transfer tortillas as fried with tongs to paper towels to drain and cool completely. Tortillas may be fried 1 week ahead and kept in an airtight container at room temperature.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a shallow baking pan fitted with a rack, arrange bacon in 1 layer and cook in middle of oven, turning occasionally, until crisp. Transfer bacon to paper towels to drain. Then crumble bacon and set aside. Bacon may be made 1 14 hours ahead and kept warm on baking sheet in turnedoff oven.nPeel potatoes and cut into 12inch cubes. In a 12inch nonstick skillet heat water and 2 tablespoons butter over moderate heat until butter is melted. Add potatoes and cook, covered, over moderately low heat 6 minutes. Remove lid and cook potatoes over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until golden and tender. Potatoes may be made 1 hour ahead and kept warm on baking sheet in turnedoff oven.nIn a bowl whisk together eggs, scallions, and salt and pepper, to taste. In a skillet, heat remaining 2 tablespoons butter over low heat until melted. Add eggs and cook, stirring and breaking up into bitesize pieces, until just cooked throughu00bfthe key here is to cook them slow and low. Eggs may be made 45 minutes ahead and kept covered.nSpoon potatoes, bacon, and eggs onto tortillas and top with sour cream, scallion, cilantro, and salsa., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying tortillas, 12 8inch corn tortillas, 12 slices bacon about 1 pound, 4 russet baking potatoes, 14 cup water, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 12 large eggs, 1 bunch scallions, sliced thin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sour cream, as needed, Chopped fresh cilantro sprigs, as needed, Your favorite salsa], title: Scrambled Egg, Potato, and Bacon Tostadas, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 22844: {instructions: For each drink, fill a 14 to 16ounce tumbler threequarters full with ice. Fill each glass twothirds full with Prosecco, add 2 ounces of the Aperol, a splash of San Pellegrino, and an orange slice, and stir. Serve ice cold., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 750 ml bottle Prosecco, chilled, 12 ounces Aperol, such as Barbieri, San Pellegrino or other sparkling water, chilled, 6 halfround slices of orange or blood orange], title: Aperol Spritzer, picturelink: W7QBUTy.6D.9lhGnZqaqwZL1oq7TLae}, 22845: {instructions: Spray an 8inch square baking pan and a wooden spoon with cooking spray.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the marshmallows and salt and stir with the prepared spoon until the marshmallows have completely melted, about 2 minutes. Stir in the almond butter and vanilla.nAdd the rice cereal and strawberries and stir until the mixture is fully combined. Remove the pan from the heat and let the mixture cool slightly for a few minutes. Stir in the white chocolate chips. They will melt slightly.nTransfer the mixture to the prepared pan and press into an even layer. Let stand at room temperature until firm, about 20 minutes. Cut into 9 bars. Store at room temperature in an airtight container up to 2 days., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups mini marshmallows, Pinch of kosher salt, 14 cup almond butter, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 cups crispy rice cereal, 1 14 cups freezedried strawberries about 34 ounce, crushed, 12 cup white chocolate chips], title: NoBake Healthy StrawberryAlmond Cereal Bars, picturelink: kWQKPqhJzJB6Gy9pPUX23wTT17RPyjW}, 22846: {instructions: For the cookies: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cream the butter, cream cheese and sugar until smooth using a handheld mixer in a medium bowl. Add the flour slowly, mixing on low, until incorporated. Scoop the dough into a ball using your hands and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate until the dough has firmed slightly, about 30 minutes.nOn a floured surface, roll the dough about 18inch thick. Cut out as many rounds as possible with a small cookie cutter and transfer to ungreased baking sheets, leaving about 1 inch between each cookie. Reroll the dough scraps and repeat until all the dough is used. Use a smaller cutter, about 34inch, or cut freehand with a small sharp knife to punch a small window out of half of the cookies. Place the cutouts on the baking sheets and sprinkle all the cookies and cutouts with the colored sugars.nBake until golden around the edges, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes on the baking sheets and then transfer to wire racks to cool completely.nFor the filling: Place the sugar, butter, mint extract, food coloring and 12 teaspoon of water in a medium bowl and beat on medium speed until well combined and fluffy. Spread a thin layer of mint filling on the cookies without the windows and place the wafers with the windows on top. Sprinkle with the confectioners sugar, if using, and serve the sandwich cookies with the cutout cookies on the side.nWe truly appreciate fans bringing concerns to our attention and are sorry for any lessthanpositive experience, this recipe did test successfully as written. Times vary greatly depending on the type of oven you have, placement in the oven, brand of oven, and whether the oven is gas, electric or convection. Piercing or pricking the cookies is important as the ones we did not prick puffed up. Fans can also double the recipe if they would like to make more., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 ounces cream cheese, softened, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 14 cup allpurpose flour, Colored sugars, such as green, blue, red, silver and white, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 or 2 drops mint extract, 1 or 2 drops red or green food coloring, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, optional], title: Delicate Mint Sandwich Holiday Cookies, picturelink: lghrUo.QT9WzA6KPfIOe4cT6lGNjvgS}, 22847: {instructions: In a stockpot, heat oil over medium heat. Add leeks and garlic saute, stirring, until translucent, about 7 minutes. Add jalapeno, carrots, cumin, cayenne, cinnamon, and salt lower heat to medium low and cook until carrots are medium tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, wine, and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil and lower heat to medium cook 5 minutes. Stir in shrimp and scallops cook until just opaque, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat, add cilantro, and serve over couscous pilaf.nIn a large saucepan, heat olive oil and butter over mediumlow heat. Add onion, and cook until lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Stir in cumin and cayenne pepper, and saute for 1 minute more. Stir in couscous, salt, pepper, and boiling water if using Israeli couscous, add 2 12 cups boiling water if using regular couscous, reduce water to 2 14 cups. Cover, and simmer over low heat until tender and water is absorbed, about 10 minutes. Add parsley, and serve with shrimp and scallop stew. Yield: 4 servings, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large leeks, white and lightgreen parts only, washed, sliced lengthwise, and cut into 12inch dice, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, or less to taste, 1 medium carrot, peeled and cut into a 14inch dice, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 12 cups chopped tomatoes, with juice, 1 cup dry white wine, 34 pound medium shrimp, shelled deveined, tails intact, 34 pound sea scallops or large bay scallops, muscle removed, 3 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, Couscous Pilaf, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 small onion, cut into 14inch dice, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 23 cups Israeli couscous, or 1 10ounce box mediumgrain couscous, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 14 to 2 12 cups boiling water, 2 tablespoons fresh flatleaf parsley, coarsely chopped], title: Shrimp and Scallop Stew, picturelink: null}, 22848: {instructions: Beat 8 ounces softened cream cheese and 6 tablespoons softened butter with 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon zest and 12 teaspoon vanilla until fluffy. Spread the frosting on prepared muffins such as zucchini, banana or carrot. Top with candied ginger or walnuts.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Muffin Cupcakes, picturelink: 1cFQVPt.3vlv2EAlexIfUPInzTqL2K}, 22849: {instructions: Combine marinade ingredients and marinate beef for 2 to 4 hours refrigerated. Grill for 1 to 1 12 minutes on each side. Combine ingredients for peperonata and toss with the peppers. Marinate for 1 hour. Grill peppers for 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Do not overcook. Garnish beef with peppers., ingredients: [12 ounces beef tenderloin, 2 ounces olive oil, 1 pinch fresh thyme, 1 pinch fresh rosemary, 1 pinch fresh basil, 1 whole clove chopped garlic, 4 ounces red wine cabernet sauvignon preferred, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil, 1 whole clove chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 1 pinch red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 1 red pepper, sliced, 1 green pepper, sliced, 1 yellow pepper, sliced], title: Grilled Marinated Beef Tenderloin with Peperonata, picturelink: null}, 22850: {instructions: Bring the carrot juice, 3 cups water and the mushroom stems to a boil in a saucepan over medium heat. Meanwhile, heat the olive oil and 2 tablespoons butter in a pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushroom caps and barley and cook until the barley is toasted, about 5 minutes.nAdd the onion, celery and rosemary to the pot and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the carrots and cook 2 more minutes.nIncrease the heat to high and add half of the carrot juice mixture, leaving the mushroom stems in the pan. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is almost absorbed, about 6 minutes.nAdd the remaining carrot juice mixture, the kale and ginger and cook, stirring, until the barley and vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, then ladle the stew into bowls.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 cups carrot juice, 10 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and reserved, caps sliced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup instant barley, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery with leaves, finely diced, 14 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 medium carrots, cut into 12inch pieces, 4 cups kale or mustard greens, stems removed and leaves torn, 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger], title: CarrotMushroomBarley Stew, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 22851: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large saucepan over moderate heat. Add the onion, carrot, potato, salt and pepper and saute until the vegetables are tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the Swiss chard, stirring to mix well, cover the pan and simmer over low heat until chard is tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the vinegar and simmer, uncovered for a few minutes longer. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 potato, cut into 12 inch chunks, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds Swiss chard, washed, white and green parts cut into strips, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar], title: Swiss Chard Saute, picturelink: null}, 22852: {instructions: Follow directions on box for preparation of couscous. Add all other ingredients., ingredients: [1 box instant couscous, 1 cup green coriander, roughly chopped, 1 cup dried apricots, diced, 1 cup scallions, diced], title: Couscous, picturelink: null}, 22853: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: metal skewersnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the squash in half, scrape out the seeds and place the squash cutside down on a baking sheet. Roast for 50 to 55 minutes. Halfway through the cook time, flip the squash so it is cutside up to release some steam and dry the squash out a bit. Once you can press the squash with your finger and make an indentation, the squash is cooked. Set aside until cool enough to handle, then scoop out the flesh.nIn a small saucepan over mediumlow heat, the combine maple syrup, butter and 1 cup of the roasted squash. Paddle until smooth with a rubber spatula. Add the cream cheese and salt and mix until smooth. Cover and keep warm over low heat.nToast the bread until golden on both sides, then rub the bread with the ginger. Set aside.nThread the marshmallows onto skewers and toast over a fire either in a fireplace or over a gas range flame until darkly toasted and melty but not burnt.nTo assemble: Smear each slice of bread with some warm squash puree. Top with some chocolate shavings, then with a marshmallow. Consume immediately, in front of the fire., ingredients: [1 medium buttercup squash, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 8 slices baguette, 12inch thick, cut on an angle, 1 small chunk fresh ginger, peeled, 8 large marshmallows, One 4ounce bar dark chocolate, cut into shavings], title: Buttercup Marshmallow SMores, picturelink: G8bGC2mfkiyzYP7Hx0Uam85rjzLrtP6}, 22854: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Meanwhile, scrub the clams with a stiff brush under cold running water and discard any that are open. Put a medium roasting pan over 2 burners.nAdd the olive oil, garlic, pancetta, chiles, and herbs and cook until the pancetta renders, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the clams, the wine, tomatoes, and a good amount of pepper and toss that all together. Transfer pan to oven and roast until the clams open, about 10 minutes. While the clams are cooking, drop the pasta into the water for 7 to 8 minutes. Drain. Dump the drained pasta into a serving bowl, and toss with clams. Garnish with fresh basil leaves, freshly ground black pepper and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [40 littleneck clams, well scrubbed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 10 garlic cloves, smashed with the back of a knife, 14 pound pancetta, small dice, 2 dried red chiles, Handful fresh basil leaves, 14 cup white wine, 2 pints cherry tomatoes,yellow and red, stemmed, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound spaghetti], title: Spaghetti with Oven Baked Clams, picturelink: IO9uCUP9SE6IfiIqVvnmb.XqH6HOO}, 22855: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Toss the sweet potatoes, red onion, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper on a rimmed baking sheet arrange the onion cutside down. Roast, flipping halfway through, until the sweet potatoes are tender and the onion is browned and crisp, 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, season the steaks with salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the steaks and cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer to a plate and tent with foil let rest.nRemove the skillet from the heat and add the beer, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Stir in the mustard. Return the skillet to mediumlow heat and simmer until the liquid is slightly syrupy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the vinegar, honey and any collected juices from the steaks season with 14 teaspoon salt. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter until melted.nPeel and slice the roasted onion. Top the steaks with the pan sauce. Serve with the roasted vegetables. Sprinkle with the parsley.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 medium sweet potatoes, cut into 12inchthick wedges, 1 red onion, cut in half through the root end do not peel, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 boneless beef sirloin steaks about 6 ounces each, 1 cup lagerstyle beer, 1 tablespoon wholegrain Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Steak with Beer Sauce and Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: 7b1iL7juzuDEC3EtcUElMDWgh8VO4i}, 22856: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll out the pate sucre to a circle about 14 inch thick and large enough to slightly overlap a 9inch metal tart pan. Fit the dough into the pan and trim the edges. Line the bottom and sides of the shell with parchment, or coffee filter papers, or aluminum foil. Fill the lining with dried beans, rice or aluminum beans and bake in the oven for 20 to 25 minutes. Cool and remove the beans and the lining. Return the shell to the oven and bake until golden, 5 to 10 minutes longer.nIn a large metal bowl, whisk together the whole eggs, egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, lemon and lime juice, and zests. Set over simmering water and continue to whisk until the mixture is very thick, about 10 minutes.nTurn off the flame and whisk in the butter, a few pieces at a time. You dont want the mixture to cool down before all the butter is incorporated. Strain the filling into a bowl. Scrape into the baked tart shell and smooth with a metal spatula. Cool and then refrigerate until firm, 3 to 4 hours, up to overnight.nSprinkle the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar evenly over the top of the filling. With a propane blowtorch, caramelize the sugar. This can also be done under the broiler. Place the tart on the broiler tray directly under the flame, watching carefully to prevent burning. Refrigerate the tart for at least 30 minutes. Or, if desired, eliminate the 2 tablespoons of sugar and arrange circles of raspberries on top of the tart. Sift a little powdered sugar over the berries just before serving.nCut into slices and serve. If you have caramelized the sugar, serve the tart with fresh strawberries or raspberries.nIn a food processor fitted with the steel blade, combine the flour and sugar. Add the butter and process until the texture resembles fine meal.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the yolks and 1 tablespoon of the cream. Scrape into the machine and process until a ball begins to form, using the additional tablespoon of cream, if necessary. Remove the dough from the machine, and on a lightly floured surface, press down into a circle. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour., ingredients: [12 recipe pate sucre, recipe follows, 4 whole eggs, 4 egg yolks, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 23 cup lemon juice, 23 cup lime juice, 2 small lemons, zested, 2 small limes, zested, 6 ounces 1 12 sticks soft butter, cut into small pieces, 2 13 cups cake or pastry flour, 13 cup sugar, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, chilled, cut into small pieces, 2 egg yolks, 1 or 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Caramelized LemonLime Tart, picturelink: null}, 22857: {instructions: For the Filling: After soaking rice overnight, drain out excess water. Steam, covered, over light heat until soft. Boil skinless chestnut in water until soft. In a large pan, saute shallots, ginger, Chinese sausage, and prosciutto, until shallots are soft and translucent. Add all remaining ingredients and spices. Mix well, making sure not to break the chestnuts. Stuff the duck. Sew back up tightly, wrap with string in 3 or 4 places.nFor the Marinade for the Duck: Mix all ingredients very well together.nFor the Duck: Pour boiling water over the entire duck. Remove and dry the duck. Rub the marinade into the skin and marinate 45 minutes turning frequently.nTo deep fry the duck, remove it from the marinade. Deepfry in vegetable oil at 350 degrees F until golden brown.nFor the Wine and herb mixture, for steaming: Combine all ingredients in a large bowl.nWhen duck is golden brown remove it from hot oil submerge it in the wine and herb mixture. Place the whole vessel, duck and wine into steamer. Then steam for 2 hours in a covered pan. Serve with winter melon., ingredients: [34 pound sweet rice soaked overnight, 10 whole chestnuts, shelled, skinned, 2 teaspoons chopped shallots, 2 teaspoons fresh chopped ginger, 2 tablespoons diced Chinese sausage, 3 tablespoons diced prosciutto ham, Dragon Eye Fruit or Langhan 1 package soaked overnight, 2 tablespoons chopped coriander, 10 pieces black tree ear mushroom soak overnight in warm water, 2 tablespoons chopped green onion, White pepper, to taste, 3 teaspoons light soy sauce, 2 teaspoon Far Dill wine or first press rice wine, Sugar, to taste, 12 cup dark soy sauce, 12 cup light soy sauce, 2 tablespoons fivespice powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 4 pound duck, split down the back bone leave drumstick bone in, 4 star anise, 3 cloves, 2 bulbs fresh garlic skin off but broken, deepfried until golden brown, 12 bottle rice wine, 12 bottle Far Dill wine or first press rice wine, 12 bottle red wine, Sugar, 3 whole scallions, 4 slices ginger], title: Whole Duck, picturelink: null}, 22858: {instructions: Split cardamom pods and sprinkle seeds in with coffee when brewing. Combine coffee, sweetened condensed milk and water. Sweeten to taste. Place mixture in metal bowl and freeze for 2 to 3 hours or until slushy. Remove from freezer and mash with whisk or fork until soft. Return to freezer and leave for 23 hours more., ingredients: [6 cardamom pods, Water and coffee grounds to make 4 cups strong, freshly brewed coffee, 34 cup sweetened condensed milk adjust for individual taste, 1 cup water], title: Cardamom Coffee and Cream Granita, picturelink: null}, 22859: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMake a bread bowl by cutting off the top third of the loaf of bread to expose the inner crumb. Use your fingers to tear out the crumb, trying to keep it in large pieces. Cut or tear the crumb of the bread into 1 12inch pieces. Place the bread bowl and the bread pieces on a baking sheet and bake until slightly dried out and lightly toasted, about 10 minutes.nPut the leeks in a large bowl of water and wash thoroughly drain.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the leeks, garlic, cayenne, salt and pepper to taste and cook, stirring occasionally, until very tender and golden in parts, about 10 minutes. Add the milk and bring to a simmer. Add the cream cheese and goat cheese a few spoonfuls at a time, stirring well after each addition, until all of the cheese is smoothly incorporated. Continue to cook, stirring, until the dip is hot, about 3 minutes more. Stir in the dill, lemon zest and juice and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to the bread bowl and garnish with the dill sprig. Serve with the toasted bread and vegetables for dipping. Top with bread top as decoration., ingredients: [1 crusty sourdough or countrystyle boule, about 7 inches in diameter, 3 medium leeks, white and light green part halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 pinch cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup whole milk, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, plus a sprig for garnish, 12 lemon, zested and juiced, Assorted raw vegetables for serving, such as carrot sticks, celery sticks, sliced bell peppers and sliced radishes], title: Hot Leek Dip, picturelink: MLCxQaueTcbTBKhr5z2vHiKvZWs0Dm}, 22860: {instructions: Batter: In a mixing bowl, add the flour and salt and make a well in the center. Add the eggs, milk, club soda and 3 tablespoons of melted butter into the center of the well and whisk together until just combined. The mixture should be like VERY loose pancake batter. If the mixture is a little thick, whisk in a little more milk. Let the batter sit for at least 30 minutes before using.nCrepes:nMelt about a 12 teaspoon of butter in a small nonstick saute pan. The butter should coat the bottom of the pan, if there is a lot of excess, wipe it out with a paper towel. Keep the paper towel handy in case you need it again you will.nPut the pan over medium heat. Fill a 2ounce ladle, almost to the top, with batter and pour it into the preheated pan, tipping and rolling the pan, as you ladle the batter, to evenly cover the bottom. This will take a little practice, even when you are an experienced crepe maker the first couple always get wasted. Accept it and move on.nWhen the edges of the crepe begin to pull away from the edges of the pan and the bottom begins to brown a little, turn the crepe over and cook it for about 1 minute on the other side. Remove the crepe from the pan to a plate and let cool. Stack the crepes as they are cooked between parchment paper squares. Repeat this process, until all the batter is used, wiping the pan with your paper towel or melting a little more butter to the pan, as needed.nYAY, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch kosher salt, 2 eggs, 12 cup milk, 12 cup club soda, 3 tablespoons melted butter, plus 3 tablespoons for cooking the crepes], title: Basic Crepes, picturelink: null}, 22861: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a 10inch heavy saute pan, heat 1 ounce of clarified butter over high heat. Add sliced mushrooms one handful at a time to saute pan. As mushrooms begin to develop rich, brown color, push them to the outside of the saute pan. Turn the mushrooms over as they begin to color. When pan becomes dry, add remaining clarified butter to the pan. Add another handful of mushrooms to the pan and continue until all mushrooms have been added. Season with salt and pepper after the last addition to the pan has been made.nMake a hole in the middle of the pan and add the shallots. Deglaze pan with cognac, scraping up any browned mushroom bits. Add the chives. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds cremini mushrooms, 14inch sliced, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 12 ounces cognac, 2 teaspoons fresh chopped chives], title: The Fungal Saute, picturelink: iwp3lpniV6BivRKhI1T.GVEfnivROu}, 22862: {instructions: 1. Mix cream cheese, brown sugar, 2 teaspoons of the cinnamon and 1 teaspoon of the vanilla in small bowl until well blended. Spread 2 tablespoons of cream cheese mixture on each of 8 slices of bread. Spread 1 tablespoon of preserves on each of the remaining 8 slices of bread. Press one each of the bread slices together to form 8 sandwiches.n2. Beat eggs with wire whisk in 13x9inch baking dish. Stir in milk, remaining 1 teaspoon cinnamon and remaining 12 teaspoon vanilla until well blended. Dip sandwiches in egg mixture, soaking for 2 minutes on each side.n3. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in large nonstick skillet or griddle on mediumlow heat. Place 4 of the sandwiches in skillet. Cook 4 to 5 minutes per side or until golden brown. Repeat with remaining sandwiches, melting remaining tablespoon butter in skillet. Serve French toast with maple syrup, if desired., ingredients: [1 tub 8 ounces whipped cream cheese, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 3 teaspoons McCormicku00ae Cinnamon, Ground, divided, 1 12 teaspoons McCormicku00ae Pure Vanilla Extract, divided, 16 slices Italian bread 12inch thick, 12 cup apricot preserves or jam, 5 eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons butter, divided], title: Stuffed French Toast, picturelink: ij0BIuyeFP6VF5fSzwqaeDOFQIDhX.}, 22863: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCut potatoes into quarters, cover with water, salt the water, and bring to a simmer. Simmer until tender and drain, letting all the steam evaporate. When dry and cool, toss with 4 ounces extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place in a single layer on a roasting pan and roast for 30 minutes until tender and golden brown. The potatoes will need to be stirred while roasting to insure all sides are nicely browned.nWhile potatoes are roasting, shave the fennel using a mandoline or the slicing side of a box grater. Thinly slice celery stalks and tops. Reserve.nMake the vinaigrette: In a large bowl, whisk together the Dijon mustard, vinegar, and salt, to taste. Gradually whisk in the remaining 4 ounces extravirgin olive oil. Fold in fennel seeds and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nRemove roasted potatoes from oven and allow to slightly cool. Add potatoes and their oil to the vinaigrette bowl. Top with shaved celery and fennel and toss., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, Salt, 8 ounces extravirgin olive oil, Black pepper, 1 fennel bulb with fronds, 1 bunch celery hearts with leafy tops, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, toasted], title: Roasted Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 22864: {instructions: Melt butter in a large pot. Dice shallot and lobster meat and add to butter. Save lobster shells. Add 4 ounces white wine and reduce to medium heat reduce by 12. Add 2 ounces heavy cream and tarragon and reduce on medium heat by 12. Add salt and pepper to taste. Cool to room temperature. Save remainder of heavy cream for the lobster sauce.nSaute lobster shells in a large pot with 6 tablespoons olive oil over high heat. After the shells turn orange, remove them from pot and save them. Add all vegetables including onion and garlic and saute in olive oil until they are light brown. Put the lobster shells back into the pot with the mixture. Deglaze with 2 tablespoons olive oil and lobster shells, and add brandy and chopped tomatoes. Add water or fish stock to cover mixture and lobster shells. Simmer for 20 minutes. Strain out lobster shells and vegetables, keeping just the liquid in the pot. Reduce liquid by half. Add the remaining 2 ounces heavy cream and simmer. Place mixture in blender with butter and juice of 2 lemons. Blend until butter is fully incorporated. Mixture should be thick and creamy. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nLay blini flat. Place 1 teaspoon of lobster stuffing on the half of blini closest to you. Roll blini tightly and gently away from you. Place 3 completed blini on plate with lobster rolled inside. Garnish with Sauteed mushrooms. Add chives and dill to taste. Serve with the Lobster sauce., ingredients: [2 ounces butter, 1 shallot, 2 1pound lobsters, cooked, meat removed, shells reserved, 4 ounces heavy cream, 1 teaspoon chopped tarragon, 4 ounces white wine, Salt and pepper, Lobster Sauce recipe below, Lobster shells, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 whole head garlic, 1 celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 2 ounces brandy, 6 chopped tomatoes, Water or fish stock, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 lemons, juiced, Salt and pepper, to taste, 6 blini available at gourmet stores, 4 to 6 sliced and Sauteed mushrooms, 2 teaspoons chives, chopped, 2 teaspoons dill, chopped], title: Lobster Blinchiki, picturelink: null}, 22865: {instructions: Special equipment: three 8inch cake pans and parchment linersnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare three 8inch cake pans with baking spray and parchment liners.nUsing a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream together the granulated sugar, light brown sugar and butter on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy. Slowly add the eggs, one at a time, mixing each fully before adding the next.nWith the mixer on low, slowly trickle the oil into the mixture. Once added, increase the speed to mediumhigh and continue to mix until the mixture thickens and begins to look like mayonnaise. Using a silicone spatula, scrape down your bowl, making sure to get anything at the bottom of the bowl that has not been mixed well.nIn a small bowl, combine the buttermilk and vanilla extract. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. Add a third of the flour mixture to the butter mixture and beat on medium high speed for 90 seconds. Bring the speed down to low and, alternately, add the buttermilk mixture and remaining flour mixture in 4 stages, beginning with the buttermilk mixture and ending with the flour mixture. Fold in the mashed bananas. Mix only enough to incorporate the ingredients after each addition.nPour the batter into the prepared pans, filling twothirds full. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. The top of the cake should spring back slightly after a gentle tap with your finger. Allow to cool for 10 to 15 minutes before removing from the pans. Allow the cakes to cool completely before frosting.nFor the salted caramel Swiss meringue buttercream: Using a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, beat the egg whites and confectioners sugar on mediumhigh until the mixture thickens to fluffy white, 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce speed to medium and gradually add the softened butter. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and continue mixing for 5 to 7 minutes. Reduce the speed and add the prepared caramel sauce, vanilla and salt. Mix until combined.nTo assemble the cake: Frost the top of 1 cake round with some salted caramel Swiss meringue buttercream. Drizzle with some prepared caramel sauce and sprinkle with some pecans. Add a second round and repeat with the buttercream, caramel sauce and pecans. Top with the remaining cake round and frost the entire cake with the buttercream.nCombine the sugar, corn syrup and 14 cup water in a saucepan, making sure the sugar is completely wet, but being careful not to let the sugar water coat the sides of the pan. Turn the heat to mediumhigh and cook for about 4 minutes. The cooking process is done when the sugar has reached a nice amber color. Do not stir during the cooking process. Quickly remove the sugar from the heat and add the heavy cream. The mixture will bubble. Stir to combine. Whisk in the butter, sea salt and lemon juice. Allow to cool completely before use., ingredients: [Cake, Baking spray, for the cake pans, 7 ounces granulated sugar, 4 ounces light brown sugar, 5 ounces unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, 1 ounce canola oil, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 11 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon table salt, 34 cup mashed, overripe bananas, Salted Caramel Swiss Meringue Buttercream, 34 cup pasteurized liquid egg whites, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 2 pounds unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup Salted Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, or bottled prepared caramel sauce, salted to taste, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon table salt, Toasted pecans, chopped, for sprinkling, Salted Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, or bottled prepared caramel sauce, salted to taste, for drizzling, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons corn syrup, 23 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 12 teaspoon lemon juic], title: Nanas Banana Cake with Salted Caramel Buttercream, picturelink: tUizaSG01GK.ZNkeoio1e6wZ0WFG8fa}, 22866: {instructions: Put the flour, milk, egg, and salt in a mixing bowl and whisk until smooth. Once combined, grate in the pear, core and all, then stir it through with a spoon. Put a large pan on a medium heat and add a knob of butter. Once that melts, add the batter, a spoonful at a time. Youll need to cook the pancakes in batches, cooking them for a few minutes, until golden on the bottom then flipping them over and cooking for a few minutes more until theyre done. When theyre golden and fluffy, serve them right away with a dollop of natural yogurt and some runny honey drizzled all over the top., ingredients: [1 cup selfrising flour, 1 cup milk, 1 large egg, preferably freerange or organic, Pinch sea salt, 1 pear, A few knobs butter, Natural yogurt, to serve, Runny honey, to serve], title: Poppy and Daisys Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 22867: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Brush potatoes halves, onion slices, peppers, and chiles with oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill potatoes and onions for 2 to 3 minutes per side or until just cooked through and slightly charred. Remove from heat, cut each potato half in half again, and finely chop the onions.nGrill peppers and chiles until charred on all sides. Remove from the grill, place in a bowl, cover, and let steam for 5 minutes. Remove skin and finely dice.nMelt butter in a 9inch cast iron skillet on the grates of the grill. Add the potatoes, onions, peppers, and chiles all in 1 layer and pack down. Cook until crisp and nicely browned., ingredients: [2 pounds new red potatoes, cooked until tender and halved, 1 Spanish onion, peeled and cut into 14inch thick slices, 1 red bell pepper, 1 yellow bell pepper, 2 jalapeno chiles, Vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Cast Iron Home Fries, picturelink: null}, 22868: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees Fahrenheit.nToast the walnuts on a baking sheet in the preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nProcess the walnuts in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade until finely chopped, about 8 to 10 seconds.nHeat the granulated sugar, water and corn syrup in a 3quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Bring to a boil. Continue to boil, stirring often, until the temperature of the syrup reaches 250 degrees Fahrenheit, about 5 minutes.nAs soon as the syrup begins boiling, place the egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a balloon whip. Whisk on high speed until soft peaks form, about 4 minutes. Change the mixer speed to medium. Carefully and slowly pour the 250 degree Fahrenheit syrup into the whisked egg whites and continue to whisk on medium until the meringue is very thick, about 4 minutes. Remove the bowl from the mixer. Working quickly, use a rubber spatula to fold the walnuts and then the chocolate morsels into the meringue creating a variegated mixture. Divide the mixture into 24 large heaping tablespoons onto a two large pieces of waxed paper, using a finger to push the mixture off the spoon onto the wax paper. Allow to cool to room temperature for about an hour before storing in a tightly sealed plastic container., ingredients: [1 cup walnuts, 3 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup water, 13 cup light corn syrup, 2 large egg whites, 8 ounces chocolate mini morsels], title: Almighty Chocolate Divinity, picturelink: null}, 22869: {instructions: Heat a small pot over medium heat. Add butter and melt. Add flour to butter and cook 1 minute. Whisk in milk and season sauce with salt and chipotle powder or smoked paprika. Stir in cheese and melt. Thicken sauce 1 minute. Stir in salsa and remove from heat. Serve sauce from hot pot and return to stove, as necessary, to loosen.nCut carrots in half then stand on end and cut thin strips. Cut strips across on an angle, forming 2 long triangles. Lightly salt the carrots. Pile chips into a bowl and tuck carrots in and around the chips. The blue and orange triangles are your witches hats., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, Salt, 1 teaspoon chipotle powder or smoked paprika, 1 sack 10 ounces 2 cups shredded Cheddar, 1 cup store bought tomato salsa, your favorite brand and flavor, 2 large carrots, peeled, 1 sack blue corn tortilla chips, plain or flavored], title: Salsa Cheddar Dip with Witches Hats, picturelink: null}, 22870: {instructions: Special equipment: A straightsided 3quart tall glass bowl or four 16ounce widemouth glass jars with lidsnSoak the onions in ice water for at least 20 minutes. Strain.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until brown and crisp, 6 to 7 minutes per side. Remove, drain on paper towels and roughly chop.nWhisk together the blue cheese, mayonnaise, sour cream, vinegar, Worcestershire, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl.nUsing a 3quart straightsided tall glass bowl for 1 large salad or four 16ounce widemouth glass jars for 4 individual salads, make a layer with a third of the lettuce, then add the following in separate layers: the tomatoes, the olives, half the remaining lettuce, the carrots, the croutons, and the remaining lettuce. Sprinkle the top with the onions and bacon. The salad can be put together, covered and refrigerated for up to 2 hours before serving.nIf making 1 salad, just before serving, transfer it to a large bowl, toss with about half the dressing and season with salt and pepper. If making 4 salads, add dressing to each jar, season with salt and pepper, cover with the lid and shake to coat. Serve the remaining dressing on the side., ingredients: [12 small red onion, cut into thin rings, 6 strips bacon, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 13 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small head iceberg lettuce, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 cups grape tomatoes, halved, 1 cup pitted kalamata olives, roughly chopped, 3 small carrots, cut into very thin rounds, 2 cups croutons], title: Layered Blue Cheese, Bacon and Iceberg Salad, picturelink: CZEgQxREB1XfQA5PGA20p1Sa1SZDliC}, 22871: {instructions: Combine all ingredients with water and cook until meat is done. Strain meat and set aside. Reserve liquid for later use.nCombine all ingredients and mix well. Grind in grinder and add to meal mixture. Add 1 gallon of reserved liquid from meat mixture. Mix well. Let meat and meal mixtures cool overnight in refrigerator.nCombine ingredients in a large pot and put over high heat. While boil mixture is heating, spread meal mixture in tamale wrapper. Add meat mixture to center. Roll tamales. Either corn shucks or tamale papers may be used. Prepare according to package instructions. Place tamales in large pot. Pour boil mixture over tamales and cook for 3 hours. Remove from heat and set aside for 30 minutes. Add more water to cover. Cook for 1 additional hour., ingredients: [5 pounds ground chuck, 12 cup diced red pepper, 12 cup dried onions, 12 cup garlic powder, 14 cup salt, Water, to cover, 7 12 pounds plain cornmeal, 14 box salt, 1 12 cups fresh ground onion, 12 cup fresh ground garlic, Chile powder, Cumin powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon garlic powder, Dash red pepper, Cumin powder and chile powder, to taste, 3 ounces tomato paste, 1 gallon water], title: Tamales, picturelink: null}, 22872: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, add the spinach, scallions, parsley, and dill, and toss. Add the cheese and toss again. Add the eggs and then the cream of wheat. Work the eggs and cream of wheat into the mixture with your hands. After it is well incorporated, pour 12 cup olive oil over all and use a spoon to coat the mixture well. Season with salt and pepper.nBrush a 9 by 13 inch baking pan with olive oil. Line the bottom of the pan with a leaf of phyllo. Brush with olive oil and repeat with another 4 leaves. Evenly spread the spinach mixture over the layered and oiled phyllo. Add 5 more leaves, brushing each with oil. With sharp knife, score top phyllo into serving size portions. Bake for about 45 minutes or until the phyllo is golden brown and the mixture inside is piping hot., ingredients: [3 boxes frozen spinach, thawed and liquid squeezed out, 1 bunch scallions, finely chopped, white and green parts, 12 cup chopped parsley, 12 cup chopped fresh dill, 1 12 cups feta cheese, grated or crumbled, 12 cup cottage cheese, 5 eggs, 12 cup cream of wheat, 1 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 10 leaves phyllo dough], title: Spanikopita, picturelink: null}, 22873: {instructions: Heat 1 tbsp. oil in large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add red pepper and cook, stirring often, until it begins to soften, about 1 min. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring often, until juices evaporate, about 5 min. Stir in scallions and cook until wilted, about 1 min. Transfer to plate. Season pork with 12 tsp. salt and 14 tsp. pepper. Add remaining 1tbsp. oil to skillet and heat. Add pork and cook, turning occasionally, until browned and meat is slightly pink when pierced to the center with tip of sharp knife, about 5 min. Sprinkle with flour and stir with wooden spoon to coat pork. Add wine and 12 c. water and bring to a boil, scraping up browned bits in pan with wooden spoon. Return vegetables to pan and cook until sauce is thickened, about 1 min. Season with salt and pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 1 lb. boneless pork sirloin chops, cut into 1in. cubes, 2 tbsp. olive oil, divided, 12 large diced bell peppers, cored and cut into 12in. pieces, 10 oz. cremini mushrooms, sliced, Coarse salt, Fresh ground black pepper, 1 tbsp. allpurpose flour, 12 c. dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, or nonalcoholic varietal grape juice], title: Italian Pork and Vegetable Saute, picturelink: 7oMSpWZgHosEZiGBDsXk26sM.BOLEVO}, 22874: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small, dry, heavy skillet over moderate heat, toast the cumin seeds until fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Finely grind in a spice grinder or mortar and pestle. Mash the garlic to a paste and transfer half the garlic to a medium bowl. Whisk in the curry paste, 1 cup yogurt and half the cumin. Transfer the chicken to a plastic resealable bag and pour the yogurt mixture into the bag, making sure all the chicken is covered. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 12 hours and up to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nLine a sheet pan with aluminum foil and top with a cooling rack.nRemove the chicken from the marinade, place on the cooling rack in the sheet pan. Bake until cooked through, 30 to 35 minutes.nIn a small bowl, whisk the remaining 1 cup yogurt and the remaining garlic and cumin. Serve a dollop of sauce on top of the chicken.nWhat really makes this recipe sing: Toasting and grinding your own spices here, makes all the difference in the world. If you dont remember when you bought that jar of cumin, then you should throw it out and start fresh., ingredients: [2 teaspoons whole cumin seeds, 4 cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons bottled green or red Thai curry paste, 2 cups whole Greek yogurt, divided, 3 pounds chicken thighs, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Roasted Curry Chicken Thighs with Yogurt Cumin Sauce, picturelink: u.XWyGW5l.iwfVLnctBncKoqbwxMJP2}, 22875: {instructions: Special equipment: an immersion blendernIn a large bowl, combine the bread with 12 cup of the milk and break apart with your fingers. Mix well and allow the bread to soak for 5 minutes. Add the shallots, garlic, egg, prosciutto, Parmesan and 14 teaspoon salt and mix with a wooden spoon to evenly distribute the prosciutto. Add the turkey and parsley and mix well. Divide the mixture into 2 even oblong loaves.nHeat 2 medium skillets over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter to each pan. Add a loaf to each pan and cook on all sides until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Divide the white wine between the two pans and cook until reduced by half. Add the remaining 2 cups milk and 14 teaspoon salt to one of the pans and bring to a simmer. Add the marinara to the other pan and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat under each pan to medium low and cover the pans. Braise until an instantread thermometer registers 160 degrees in the center of each loaf, about 25 minutes, carefully flipping the loaves about halfway through.nRemove the loaves from the pan and allow them to rest 10 minutes before slicing. Remove the marinara from the heat and stir with a wooden spoon. Simmer the remaining milk, uncovered, until it reduces by half. It will be slightly brown and look broken. Using an immersion blender, blend the milk until fully emulsified and creamy. Serve each polpettone with its respective sauce., ingredients: [2 cups diced dayold bread, crust removed, 2 12 cups milk, at room temperature, 1 large or 2 small shallots, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 14 pound thinly sliced prosciutto di Parma, finely chopped, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound ground turkey, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup white wine, 1 12 cups storebought marinara], title: Polpettone Two Ways, picturelink: QP0UI0cSaVmMITFQwvDyzZwF7TtE3U6}, 22876: {instructions: Roll puff pastry out with flour, thinly. Cut into 3 to 4inch lengths  the same size as the plantains.nSpray nonstick cooking spray onto a cookie sheet. Place rolledout puff pastry onto sheet. Place marinated plantains in center of each puff slice. Roll up. Prepare egg wash 2 eggs beaten, using a pastry brush paint egg wash on all sides of pastry. Bake for 20 minutes at 400 degrees.nSauce for Dominican Plantains: Drain and strain marinade, add thickening 1 tablespoon cornstarch to 1 cup water, mix well. Bring all liquid to a boil for 3 to 5 minutes. Drizzle on plate,place baked plantains 2 to a plate and drizzle sauce on top., ingredients: [3 sheets puff pastry, 4 tablespoons flour, 6 fresh plantains Machos can be used, cut into 3 to 4inch lengths, 14 cup light rum, 2 tablespoons Mango juice, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 1 dash cinnamon, 1 dash nutmeg, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon cornstarch or potato starch, 1 cup water], title: Dominican Plantains, picturelink: null}, 22877: {instructions: Soak mushrooms in enough boiling water to cover them for about 20 minutes or until they have rehydrated. Squeeze out excess water and chop mushrooms fine. Fold mushrooms into mayonnaise until they are well blended. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve with grilled vegetables., ingredients: [12 cup dried Chinese black mushrooms, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 12 cups prepared mayonnaise, Salt and pepper], title: Mushroom Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 22878: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the whiskey, lemon juice, lime juice, and syrup. Fill a cocktail shaker halfway with ice and pour in the drink mix 23 full. Shake for 15 seconds and pour into glasses. Add a maraschino cherry and serve ice cold.nNote: To make the sugar syrup, bring 1 cup of water and 1 cup of sugar to a boil, and simmer until the sugar is completely dissolved. Chill before using., ingredients: [34 cup whiskey recommended: Jack Daniels Tennessee Whiskey, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 4 lemons, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice 4 limes, 23 cup sugar syrup see note, Ice cubes, Maraschino cherries], title: Fresh Whiskey Sours, picturelink: c.T05Ld7bZm9Z6sw5K.wGSfWWywrSBK}, 22879: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium saucepan, melt the butter. Mix the flour and confectioners sugar in a bowl and add the melted butter, mixing until a dough forms. Press the mixture firmly into a 9 by 13 by 2inch pan. Bake the crust for 25 minutes.nFor the filling: While the crust is baking, with an electric mixer, combine the eggs, lemon juice and zest until smooth. Add the granulated sugar, flour, baking powder and salt, and beat until smooth. Pour the mixture over the baked crust. Bake for 20 minutes more.nRemove the pan from the oven and let it cool completely. Sprinkle the top with confectioners sugar. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks butter, at room temperature, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 4 large eggs, 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from about 2 large lemons, 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Lemon Squares, picturelink: null}, 22880: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace a pot of water on to boil for spaghetti. When it comes to a boil, salt the water and add pasta to cook to al dente. Heads up: reserve 12 cup cooking water just before draining.nPlace pork in a mixing bowl. Add the egg to the bowl. Place rice cereal in food processor and pulse into a bread crumb like consistency. Add cereal crumbs to bowl.nAdd salt, pepper, fivespice powder, 2 chopped scallions and 2 tablespoons soy sauce. Mix the meat balls thoroughly. Form 1 12inch balls and coat with 1 tablespoon oil, scatter onto a baking sheet and roast 15 minutes.nWhen the meatballs are close to done and the pasta is in, heat a large skillet over high heat with enough vegetable oil to coat the bottom of the skillet, a couple of tablespoons. Add the snow peas, red pepper, remaining cut scallions, ginger and garlic, stirfry 2 minutes add spinach and wilt, 1 minute. Add the remaining soy sauce, about 13 cup, and the sesame oil then drain, add in pasta cooking water and toss to combine so pasta can soak up sauce, about 1 minute. Garnish with sesame seeds and top with lots of meatballs., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound wholewheat spaghetti, 1 pound ground pork or chicken, 1 egg, 2 cups puffed rice cereal, Black pepper, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 13 palm full, 8 scallions, 2 finely chopped, 6 cut into 2inch lengths, 2 tablespoons plus 13 cup tamari dark soy, divided, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 2 cups snow peas, thinly sliced on an angle, 1 red bell pepper, very thinly sliced, 2 inches ginger root, grated, 4 cloves garlic, grated, 1 pound triple washed spinach, leaves stripped of larger stems, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, available on Asian foods aisle of market, 3 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, available on Asian foods aisle of market], title: Chinese Spaghetti and Meatballs, picturelink: ZUrHtWYOWwdk.VYhVRc0IaU0i0UDe}, 22881: {instructions: Prepare the wings: In a large bowl, combine the granulated garlic, cayenne pepper, mustard powder, black pepper, white pepper and cumin. Remove and reserve 2 tablespoons of the spice mixture for the sauce.nRinse the wings and pat dry. Add to the bowl with the remaining spice mixture and toss to coat well. Lay the wings on a baking sheet, loosely cover and refrigerate 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat a grill to medium high with direct and indirect heat on a gas grill, turn off the burners on one side on a charcoal grill, bank the coals to one side. Cook the wings over direct heat, turning, until they are good and crispy on both sides, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to the cooler side of the grill and cook, turning frequently, until cooked through, 8 to 10 more minutes.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: In a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine the olive oil, garlic and jalapeno. Saute 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add the reserved 2 tablespoons spice mixture and the hot sauce. Bring to a simmer, then add the butter, vinegar and lime juice and stir until the butter melts. Keep warm until ready to serve. Put the wings in a large bowl, pour in the sauce and toss.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon mustard powder, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 4 pounds chicken wings, tips removed, For the sauce:, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic about 2 cloves, 1 jalapeno pepper, minced remove seeds for less heat, 1 12ounce bottle hot pepper sauce, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice], title: Garlic Butta Hot Wings, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 22882: {instructions: In a bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites with the salt until they are frothy, add the cream of tartar, and beat the whites until they hold stiff peaks. Stir in the cayenne and the Parmesan. In a deep fryer heat 2inches of vegetable oil to 370 degrees and in it fry teaspoons of the mixture, formed into balls, in batches, turning them occasionally, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until they are golden. Transfer the Parmesan puffs to paper towels to drain and serve them hot as an hors doeuvre., ingredients: [4 large egg whites at room temperature, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Cayenne to taste, 2 cups freshly grated Parmesan, Vegetable oil for deep frying], title: Parmesan Puffs, picturelink: null}, 22883: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nMelt butter in a large castiron skillet over medium heat. Add potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender and brown, about 15 minutes. Stir in parsley and garlic. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and remove from heat.nMake 4 shallow depressions in potatoes and break 2 eggs into each. Transfer to oven and bake until egg whites are cooked and yolks are still runny, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle cheese over eggs and continue baking until cheese melts, about 1 minute more. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds redskinned potatoes, diced, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 large eggs, 1 cup shredded extrasharp white Cheddar cheese about 4 ounces], title: Farmhouse Baked Eggs with Cheddar  Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 22884: {instructions: Heat a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, add the olive and heat. When the oil is hot, add pancetta and saute, and caramelize for about 10 to 15 minutes. Stir onion into mixture, toss and saute for another 10 minutes, until the onion begins to brown. Add garlic, thyme, and cider vinegar, and remove from heat. Allow mixture to cool for about a 12 an hour.nPlace cooled mixture into bowl, add mayonnaise and sour cream. Season with black pepper, to taste. Serve over iceberg wedges., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups roughly cut pancetta, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 heads iceberg lettuce, quartered and cleaned], title: Creamy Pancetta Dressing, picturelink: null}, 22885: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPat salmon fillets dry, then rub them with the Seafood Rub and cracked pepper. Drizzle salmon with olive oil.nTurn on grill or start fire making sure grill is hot before placing salmon on grill. Rub the grill with a towel coated with olive oil. Place salmon on grill with skin side up and let cook for 3 to 4 minutes on each side or desired doneness. Turn salmon and finish with the Smoked Salt, BBQ sauce and brown sugar, to taste., ingredients: [4 7ounce salmon fillets, Clayton Shurleys Seafood Rub, Cracked black pepper, Olive Oil, to taste, Clayton Shurleys Smoked Finishing Salt, Clayton Shurleys BBQ Sauce, Brown sugar, to taste], title: BBQ Salmon, picturelink: 6.lW6pfTh.LKdhlAsvKUQ48yH9rmK}, 22886: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the strawberries, sugar and vanilla bean. Process until it is a smooth puree. Put a tablespoon or two of the strawberry puree into 4 chilled champagne flutes and top off with Champagne. Garnish with a strawberry, if desired., ingredients: [12 pint fresh strawberries, stemmed and hulled, plus a few more for garnishing, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar or more depending on sweetness of berries, 12 vanilla bean, split, 1 bottle very cold rose Champagne], title: La Fraise, picturelink: null}, 22887: {instructions: In a small saucepan simmer syrup ingredients, stirring, until sugar is dissolved, about 1 minute. Remove pan from heat, add split vanilla bean, and cool syrup completely.nDiscard zest and vanilla bean. Syrup may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.nJust before serving, in a medium bowl combine melon balls with syrup and divide mixture among 6 martini glasses. Top each serving with a generous dollop of cream and garnish with grated zest., ingredients: [23 cup sugar, 13 cup fresh lime juice, 13 cup water, 2 limes, zest removed in strips with a vegetable peeler, 1 vanilla bean, split, 4 cups 34 to 1inch honeydew melon balls from one 5pound melon, Garnish: whipped cream and freshly grated lime zest], title: Honeydew and Cantaloupe in Vanilla Lime Syrup, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 22888: {instructions: Heat the oil in a 4 quart Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onions and sweat for 2 minutes. Add peppers, garlic and jalapenos and sweat for 4 minutes. Add remaining ingredients, simmer for 1 hour and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 onion, minced, 1 red pepper, small dice, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 minced jalapenos, 1 quart whole peeled smoked tomatoes, 1 bottle dark beer, 2 cups cooked blackeyed peas, 2 pounds crumbled tempeh], title: Tempeh Chile, picturelink: null}, 22889: {instructions: Make sure crab is carefully picked over to remove any shells. In a large bowl mix diced fennel, honey, juice of one lime, chives, hot pepper sauce and olive oil. Let sit for 10 minutes then add crab. Check for seasoning. Spoon a small amount of filling on each wonton and brush edges with egg wash. Fold wontons in half into triangles. Fold back the 2 corners like a tortellini. Heat oil in a fryer to 350 degrees and fry wontons until golden brown. Serve on fresh shaved fennel tossed in lime juice and garnish with mango puree.nIn a blender, puree mango, juice and sambal. Slowly add oil and check for seasoning., ingredients: [12 pound picked fresh crab meat, 1 cup fennel, finely diced, 1 tablespoon honey, Juice of 1 lime, 14 cup chopped chives, 4 dashes hot pepper sauce, 12 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and white pepper to taste, 1 package thin, square wonton skins, Egg wash 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon of water, 1 cup shaved fennel, 1 ripe mango, peeled, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon sambal chili condiment, 12 cup canola oil, Salt and white pepper to taste], title: Crab and Fennel Wontons, picturelink: null}, 22890: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 5inch removable bottom tart pansnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCake: Combine the cake mix, egg and butter and mix well with an electric mixer. Divide the mixture into 10equally sized balls. Flatten each ball with the palm of your hand and gently press into the bottom of each tart pan.nFilling: In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese and pumpkin until smooth with an electric mixer. Beat in eggs, vanilla and butter. Add the powdered sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and mix well. Spoon a scant 12cup of the pumpkin mixture over cake batter in the tart pans and bake for about 40 minutes. Make sure not to over bake as the center should be a little gooey. Let cool in the pans for 10 minutes before removing.nServe with fresh whipped cream and candy topping., ingredients: [1 18 14ounce package yellow cake mix, 1 egg, 8 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 1 15ounce can pumpkin, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 16ounce box powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon grated nutmeg, Fresh whipped cream, for topping, Candy for toppings recommended: M and Ms, Reeses pieces, crushed Snickers, Heath bars, mini chocolates, peanuts], title: Ooey Gooey Pumpkin Cakes, picturelink: null}, 22891: {instructions: In a large skillet, melt the butter over low heat. Add the honey, vanilla, and brown sugar and stir the mixture until it is melted. Turn off the heat and add the flax seed, pecans, grits, wheat germ, coconut, oats, cranberries, cinnamon, nutmeg, and orange zest. Stir the mixture until the dry ingredients are completely covered. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWhen the mixture is cool, add the egg whites and stir to combine. Spread the mixture onto a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 13 cup honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 13 cup toasted flax seed, 1 cup pecans, toasted and chopped, 1 cup soy grits, 1 cup toasted wheat germ, 2 cups shredded coconut, 6 cups rolled oats, 2 cups dried cranberries, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 oranges, zested, 2 egg whites], title: Trail Mix, picturelink: null}, 22892: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees.nPlace the fish fillet on a piece of parchment paper and sprinkle it with the salt and pepper. Drizzle the lemon juice and olive oil over the top of the fillet. Lay the thyme on top and place the olives next to the fillet.nBeat the egg together with 1 tablespoon of water for an egg wash. Brush the egg wash around the edge of the parchment paper and fold it in half. Carefully fold the edge of the parchment paper under and around the fish to make a package. Place the package on a sheet pan and cook for 12 to 15 minutes, until the fish is cooked through. Serve hot in the parchment paper., ingredients: [8 ounces boneless fish fillet, such as snapper or cod, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon good olive oil, 1 large sprig fresh thyme, 2 Cerignola or other large green olives with pits, Extralarge egg], title: HerbRoasted Fish, picturelink: QAGPxeczevfArsgPzaHKiiCnbWfrqy}, 22893: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to boiling for the pasta. Saute lobster meat in oil until it is no longer translucent, and set aside. Cook the pasta until al dente and drain well so that you dont have excess cooking water which will dilute the flavor. While the pasta is cooking, melt butter in a large saucepan over medium heat, and add the onion and garlic, cooking until translucent, being careful not to burn it. Add the flour a little at a time to make a roux. Do this gradually because some batches of flour absorb more than others and you may not need as much. Add the bay leaves, and then incorporate the vegetable or fish stock a little at a time to form a smooth sauce. Simmer for a least 10 minutes to allow the flour to cook out, then remove the bay leaves. Add the heavy cream and Cheddar, then season with salt and white pepper. Stir the lobster meat into the cheese mixture, then fold in as much pasta as you need to acquire the right consistency for macaroni and cheese. Transfer to a serving bowl and drizzle sparingly with truffle oil and garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [1 pound lobster meat, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 pound dried macaroni pasta, 12 cup butter 1 stick, 1 cup chopped white onion, 2 cloves chopped garlic, 12 cup allpurpose flour, or as needed, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup fish stock or vegetable stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 cups sharp shredded Cheddar 8 yearold aged if you can get it, Salt, White pepper, White truffle oil 2 or 3 tablespoons, 14 cup chopped fresh chives], title: Maine Lobster Macaroni Cheese with Truffle Oil, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 22894: {instructions: Crack the raw olives with a hammer or rolling pin against a wooden chopping board and place in a large bowl or bucket. Soak the olives in water to cover for at least 1 week. Make sure you change the water everyday. This is to remove the bitterness of the olives. Once the olives have soaked for a week, strain the water and add clean fresh water to the bowl. Add the salt, garlic cloves, thyme, bay leaves and optional wild fennel. Mix well. Place all the solid ingredients herbs and olives into an airtight glass or ceramic jar. Pour in enough of the salted water to cover the olives. Close the jar and ensure it is airtight. Store in a cool dry place for at least 2 weeks before eating your first olive. Serve with drinks., ingredients: [5 cups raw olives, Water, 1 tablespoon salt, 8 cloves garlic separated but not peeled or crushed, Handful fresh thyme, 3 bay leaves, Handful wild fennel, flowers included, optional], title: Olives Marinated in Thyme and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 22895: {instructions: Cut chops from the racks of lamb and place in a large bowl. Add the wine, mustard, and salt cover and set aside in the refrigerator for a couple of hours.nIn a separate bowl, mix the cream, salt, paprika, cayenne, fenugreek flakes, and lemon juice. In a medium size heavy pot, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute until golden in color add the turmeric, stir, and cook for 1 minute. Add the cream mixture, stir, and cook over low to medium heat for a few minutes. Keep warm until ready to serve.nMeanwhile, preheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Remove lamb from marinade and grill the chops just before serving they are best when served piping hot off the grill. Grill on each side for a couple minutes or until mediumrare. Remove from the heat and either pour the cream curry over the grilled chops or use the cream curry as a dipping curry for the chops., ingredients: [2 to 3 Frenchcut racks of lamb, for approximately 16 large or 20 mediumsize chops, 2 cups white wine, 1 cup grainy mustard, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 cups whipping cream, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon dried green fenugreek flakes known as kasuri methi, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons crushed garlic, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric], title: Marinated Lamb Chops with Fenugreek Cream Curry, picturelink: null}, 22896: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the diced figs in a medium bowl and add the warm water. Let soak until softened.nWhisk the unbleached flour, cake flour, oats, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Set aside.nPut the maple syrup, milk, eggs, egg yolks, and canola oil in a medium bowl and stir with the whisk to combine. Add the mixture to the dry ingredients, stirring with a spoon just until all the flour is moistened. This should be a wet batter, because the oats absorb a lot of the liquid during baking.nFold the walnuts and figs into the batter the figs do not need to be drained. Divide the batter evenly between two oiled 9 by 5inch loaf pans. Bake for about 1 hour, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. If your oven bakes unevenly, rotate the pans from left to right and front to back about halfway through the baking time.nRemove the pans from the oven and use a pastry brush to glaze the tops of the loaves with maple syrup. Set them on a rack to cool for about 10 minutes. Turn the loaves out of the pans and set them on the rack to cool completely before serving. Wrap any leftovers tightly in plastic wrap and store at room temperature. They may also be frozen, wrapped first in aluminum foil and then in plastic wrap or a heavyduty freezer bag., ingredients: [1 34 cups 10 12 ounces dried figs, diced, 12 cup 4 ounces warm water 85 degrees to 90 degrees F, 2 23 cups 12 ounces unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 23 cups 6 12 ounces cake flour, 1 34 cups 5 14 ounces oldfashioned rolled oats, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 13 cups 11 ounces maple syrup, 1 13 cups 11 ounces milk, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 large egg yolks, 34 cup 6 ounces canola oil, 2 cups 8 ounces walnut pieces, toasted, Additional maple syrup for glazing], title: Maple Walnut and Fig Bread, picturelink: null}, 22897: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeasoning:nStir the paprika, sugar and onion powder together in a bowl and set aside.nHalibut:nIn a small bowl, using a rubber spatula, combine the oregano, scallions, butter, barbeque seasoning, orange zest, 14 teaspoon salt and cayenne pepper. Spoon the seasoned butter onto a piece of plastic wrap. Using the plastic wrap as a shield for your hands, shape the butter into a log, wrapping it in the plastic, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nHeat a grill to mediumhigh.nBrush the fish fillets on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the halibut fillets until the center of the fish is opaque and firm, about 4 minutes per side.nBrush the asparagus with some more oil and season the stalks with salt and pepper. Grill the spears until they are tender, turning them once, about 6 minutes total.nTransfer the fish and asparagus to serving plates. Spread a generous tablespoon of the barbeque butter over the fish. Serve the remaining butter alongside the fish, if desired., ingredients: [1 12 cups paprika, 34 cup sugar, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 scallion, white and light green parts only, finely chopped, 6 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons Neelys BBQ seasoning, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 6 6ounce halibut fillets, about 1inch thick, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, Freshly cracked black pepper, 2 pounds asparagus, trimmed], title: Grilled Halibut with BBQ Butter, picturelink: 2ZqyguWfnifsXacNYBdun4WVVafDIH6}, 22898: {instructions: In a small bowl, pour vermouth over dried cherries to rehydrate. Macerate for 30 minutes or until cherries are plump. Meanwhile, using a double boiler, melt chocolate and butter together. Remove melted chocolate from heat and stir in whiskey.nIn a separate bowl whisk egg yolks, then slowly add in thirds to the melted chocolate. In a large bowl whip egg whites to stiff peaks. Whisk 13 of the whites into the chocolate then gently fold in the remainder. Pour into 4 individual serving dishes and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Remove dishes from the refrigerator, top with macerated cherries and serve., ingredients: [1 cup dried cherries, 1 cup sweet vermouth, 1 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, 14 cup whiskey, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 eggs, separated], title: Manhattan Mousse, picturelink: 44P7MFwcouD8ojdK5G2MyM99FM2yycW}, 22899: {instructions: Preheat the grill or grill pan to very high heat. Brush the watermelon slices with olive oil. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side. Cool slightly and cut into 1inch cubes makes about 3 cups. Add to a serving bowl with the blueberries, mint, vinegar and feta. Toss to combine. Serve chilled., ingredients: [Ten 1inchthick watermelon spears, Olive oil, for brushing, 1 cup fresh blueberries, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh mint or basil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 ounces crumbled feta], title: Grilled Watermelon and Mint Salad, picturelink: aaLA8lnoHGw6HhxWw7DiXDvyYBxF0y}, 22900: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine sour cream and halfandhalf. Whisk in the sugar and add in the lemon juice. Whisk to combine well and process in an ice cream machine., ingredients: [1 pound sour cream, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 23 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Quick Sour Cream Ice Cream, picturelink: JEtx1eqZ.oZ1Q0htlQGcNkMWlLUQmx2}, 22901: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nButter and sugar ramekins and place 5 or 6 berries in each one. With a whisk attachment, whip the yolks with 12 cup sugar until light and fluffy. Mix in the vanilla, melted butter, lemon zest, and buttermilk.nStir the dry ingredients together and slowly mix them into the yolks.nIn a separate bowl, whip the whites until stiff then fold them into the batter.nPour the batter into the prepared molds filling almost to the top. Place them in a water bath and cover with foil. Bake for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let set 5 minutes before turning the cakes out of their molds.nTo serve, mash the remaining raspberries with the 1 to 2 tablespoons of sugar to make a rough pureed mash. Stir 2 tablespoons sugar into the yogurt. Place the cake on a plate and ring it with the sweetened yogurt and drizzle some raspberry mash through the yogurt., ingredients: [Butter, for coating, plus 2 ounces melted, Sugar, for coating, plus 12 cup, 12 pint raspberries, 3 eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 lemon, zested, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 1 14 cups flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 to 2 tablespoons sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 cup yogurt], title: Steamed Lemon Raspberry Sponge Pudding, picturelink: null}, 22902: {instructions: HEAT oven to 400 degrees F. Coat large cookie sheet with nostick cooking spray. Prepare recipe for double crust pie. Divide in half. Roll out one half into a 10inch circle. Place on cookie sheet. Score lightly with a knife to divide into 6 equal wedge shapes. Roll out other half of dough into an 11inch circle.nSTIR together preserves, cornstarch and cinnamon in medium bowl. Stir in raspberries. Spoon 2 tablespoons in center area of each wedge. Top with 1 tablespoon chopped apple. Brush water on dough between wedges. Place the 11inch circle of dough on top. Press down to seal between wedges. Press dough with fork along outside edge of pie to seal. Brush top of pie with 1 teaspoon milk. Cut small vents in top of pie to allow steam to escape. Sprinkle with sugar.nBAKE 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 20 minutes on wire rack. Blend powdered sugar and 1 12 teaspoons milk in small bowl until smooth. Drizzle over top of crust. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 double crust Classic Crisco Pie Crust, 14 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Northwest Triple Berry Preserves, 1 tbsp. cornstarch, 18 tsp. ground cinnamon, 12 cup red raspberries, washed, drained and patted dry, 12 cup finely chopped, peeled tart apple, 2 12 tsps. milk, divided, 1 tsp. sugar, 14 cup powdered sugar], title: Triple Berry Apple Hand Pie, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 22903: {instructions: Toss 1 large acorn squash cut into wedges in a baking dish with 3 tablespoons each melted butter and balsamic vinegar, 2 sliced shallots, 6 chopped sage leaves, 1 tablespoon honey, a pinch of ground coriander, and salt and pepper. Add 12 cup water and roast at 450 degrees F, 20 minutes flip, sprinkle with 14 cup hazelnuts and roast 20 more minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: BalsamicGlazed Squash, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 22904: {instructions: For the dressing: Put the mayonnaise, sour cream, parsley, chives, tarragon, lemon juice, lemon zest and avocado in a food processor and process until smooth.nFor the crostini: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spread out the baguette slices in one layer on a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake until lightly golden, 8 to 10 minutes.nSpread the baguette slices generously with dressing, then top with crabmeat. Sprinkle with smoked paprika and sea salt., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 2 lemons, juice of, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and peeled, 1 baguette, sliced on the bias 14inch thick, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound Dungeness crabmeat, picked for shells jumbo lump can be substituted, Smoked paprika, for finishing, Sea salt, for finishing], title: Green Goddess Crab Tapas, picturelink: 2ioo7AdS0bxG7NbWXI4XdhOpccfmduS}, 22905: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nPlace and spread all the almonds on a cookie sheet or in a shallow pan, pushing the almonds around until they turn color, about 20 minutes.nMix together the cream cheese and the mayonnaise. Add the bacon, salt and pepper, dill, and onion. Chill overnight.nOn a serving platter, make 2 pine cone shapes with the cheese. Begin to press the almonds at a slight angle into the cheese, starting at the narrow end of the pine cone shape.nDo this in rows, continuing to overlap rows until all the cheese is covered. Garnish with fake sprigs, or real ones, or with rosemary.nServe at room temperature and spread on crackers., ingredients: [1 14 cups whole natural almonds, 1 8ounce package of cream cheese, 12 cup real mayonnaise, 3 crispy cooked bacon slices, crumbled, 12 teaspoon dill weed, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped green onion, Sprigs, for garnish], title: The Heavyset Cheese Ball, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 22906: {instructions: To a pitcher filled with ice, add white chocolate liqueur and vodka. Shake to chill and strain into martini glass. Slowly pour a small amount of grenadine along edge of glass. It will sink to bottom. Garnish with a maraschino cherry on rim of glass., ingredients: [Ice, 1 part white chocolate liqueur, 1 part vanilla flavored vodka, 1 tablespoon grenadine, per glass, Maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: White Chocolate Covered Cherry Martini, picturelink: null}, 22907: {instructions: For the linguine: Bring 4 cups of water to a boil and add the oil and a dash of salt. Add the linguine and cook until al dente slightly firm to the bite, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain the pasta and set aside.nFor the beurre blanc: Put the cream, lemon juice, vinegar and shallots in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil and reduce by about half. Whip in the butter until smooth. Strain the sauce to remove the shallots. Add salt and pepper to taste and set aside.nFor the grouper: Heat a medium nonstick pan over medium heat and add the olive oil. Sprinkle Cajun seasoning over one side of the grouper the serving side. Cook until well seared and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate.nHeat a nonstick pan over medium heat. Add the olive oil, haricots verts and minced garlic and cook briefly. Add the linguine and toss in 2 ounces 14 cup of the beurre blanc sauce.nTo assemble, arrange the linguine in the center of a plate and place the grouper fillet on top. Sprinkle on the shredded Parmesan and garnish with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, Salt, 6 ounces linguine, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 bulb shallot, minced, 4 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Cajun seasoning, for sprinkling, One 8ounce fillet black Gulf grouper, 2 to 3 teaspoons olive oil, 1 ounce haricots verts, cut in 12inch portions, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 ounce shredded Parmesan, Lemon wedge, for garnish], title: Blackened Grouper Linguine, picturelink: null}, 22908: {instructions: Special equipment: 9inch aluminum pie pannMake the Crust: In a food processor combine the flour, sugar, and salt. Add the butter and pulse until peasized pieces appear.nIn a small bowl, stir the water and vinegar together.nAdd the vinegar mixture and pulse brieflyu00bfit will still look crumbly. Transfer the crumbs to a work surface and shape into a round, flat disk. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes before using. Or, refrigerate up to 48 hours or freeze up to 1 month before using. If frozen, let thaw in the refrigerator overnight before rolling out.nWhen the time comes to roll out the dough, let the dough warm up for a few minutes at room temperature to make it more workable. Dust a work surface with just a few tablespoons of flour and keep some extra flour at hand. Sprinkle a little flour on top of the dough and start rolling outward from the center with quick, light strokes. Dont worry if the edges split a bit concentrate on forming a good circle from the center. Lift up and rotate the dough 14 turn every minute or so to help ensure even rolling. The dough should feel smooth and soft some say it should feel like the inside of your forearm. If it gets sticky, sprinkle on a bit more flour, but dont do this more than 2 or 3 times the dough will absorb too much flour. Instead, put it back in the refrigerator for 15 minutes to firm up the butter. Keep rolling until the circle is at least 2 inches larger than your pan for example, 11 inches wide for a 9inch pie pan, or 3 inches larger for deepdish pies.nSet your pie pan nearby. We always use heavy aluminum pans, because glass pans seem to bake the crust too fast. However, we know that the advantage of glass is that you can easily check the color of the crust. To transfer the crust to the pan, I find it easiest to roll a finished crust up onto the rolling pin, then gently unroll it in the pan. Or, you can fold it gently in quarters, lift it up, position the center point on the center of the pan, and unfold it into the pan. Make sure that the dough is allowed to settle completely into the pan.nDont stretch and press the dough into the corners stretched dough will likely shrink back when you bake it. Instead, lift the edges of the crust to let it settle down into the corners. If the dough tears a bit, dont be concerned well patch it in a minute. Using scissors or a sharp knife, trim the dough to within 34inch of the rim. Use any extra scraps to patch the crust, pressing with your fingers wet them if necessary or set aside. To decorate the rim, fold under the excess dough then just press it all around with the back of a fork. For a slightly more advanced look, press the thumb and forefinger of 1 hand together. Use them to gently push the thick dough rim outward, while pushing inward with the forefinger of the other hand, so that they intersect in a V with the dough in between. Repeat all around the rim to make a wavy edge. Chill 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line the shell with a sheet of foil and fill with raw rice or dried beans. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the foil and rice and continue baking until golden brown. Let the pie shell cool on a rack while you make the filling.nMake the Filling: In a mixing bowl with a whip attachment, whisk together the yolks and 13 cup sugar until fluffy, then add the lemon juice and zest. Place the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water, and cook, whisking, until thickened, about 7 to 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, sprinkle the gelatin over cold water and let dissolve.nRemove the yolk mixture from the heat and whisk in the gelatin until dissolved. Place the mixture over an ice bath and stir with a rubber spatula to cool it. Once its room temperature remove it from the ice bath and let it sit while you whip the meringue.nPlace the egg whites in a clean dry bowl and whip on medium speed until foamy then turn up to high and continue whipping until soft peaks form. Gradually add the remaining 13 cup sugar and whip until glossy and sugar has dissolved. Fold 13 of the whites into the lemon mixture then fold in the remaining whites in 3 batches. Pour the mixture into the cooled pie shell and smooth the top.nChill the pie at least 2 hours before serving. Serve with dollops of whipped cream., ingredients: [2 14 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter 6 ounces, cut into pieces, 14 cup ice water strain out the ice just before using, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 4 eggs, separated, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 12 teaspoons powdered gelatin, 13 cup water, Sweetened whipped cream, for garnish], title: Lemon Chiffon Pie, picturelink: xE0qdBsqaZS7RP7DPurDJSytI1XDgl2}, 22909: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPour the milk into a medium saucepan and add 1 tablespoon of the sugar, the cardamom and bananas, mashing them a bit into the milk. Turn the heat to mediumhigh and when it comes to a boil, turn the heat off and cover the pan with a tightfitting lid. Leave to infuse for 15 to 20 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, beat the egg yolks with 1 tablespoon of the sugar until thick and pale. Strain the hot milk, and then slowly pour it into the egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly to prevent the eggs from scrambling. Pour the mixture back into the saucepan and cook over low heat until the mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 3 to 5 minutes.nPour the mixture into 4 shallow creme brulee dishes or ramekins, place in a baking pan large enough to accommodate them and pour enough water into the pan to come halfway up the dishes. Bake until set but still slightly jiggly, about 30 minutes. If they arent done at this point, continue to check them every 5 minutes until they are set. Remove from the water bath and let cool slightly on the counter top. Put them in the refrigerator to finish cooling for about an hour.nSprinkle 1 tablespoon of the sugar evenly on top of each creme brulee. Melt the sugar with a blowtorch, or alternatively place under a broiler until it has caramelized. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 4 ripe bananas, 4 egg yolks], title: Banana and Cardamom Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 22910: {instructions: Sprinkle the herbs on both sides of each goat cheese round, pressing down lightly so they adhere to the cheese.nWrap 2 slices of bacon, crisscross fashion, around each round of goat cheese. The goat cheese can be prepared to this stage up to 8 hours in advance. Cover and keep the cheese in a cool spot.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over moderate heat. Add the wrapped cheese and cook until the meat is browned, about 2 minutes per side. Serve immediately., ingredients: [About 1 tablespoon mined fresh herbs, such as chives, chervil, tarragon, or thyme, or a mixture, 4 small goat cheese rounds each about 2 ounces, 8 extrathin slices smoked bacon, pancetta, or smoked ham each about 1 12 by 8inches], title: Molards Ham and Goat Cheese Wraps, picturelink: null}, 22911: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the cheese sauce: Whisk together the sour cream, blue cheese, milk, mayonnaise, 18 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutesnFor the Buffalo cauliflower: Meanwhile, microwave the butter in a small microwavesafe bowl on high until melted. Whisk in the hot sauce and lemon juice and set aside.nMix olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt and 12 cup water in a large bowl. Add the cauliflower and toss until well coated. Spread the cauliflower on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until beginning to brown and just tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Whisk the hot sauce mixture again, drizzle over the cauliflower and toss with tongs to coat. Roast the cauliflower until the sauce is bubbling and browned around the edges, 5 to 7 minutes more. Serve hot with the cheese sauce., ingredients: [13 cup nonfat sour cream, 2 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese, 1 tablespoon skim milk, 2 teaspoons mayonnaise, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup hot sauce, such as Franks, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, 8 cups cauliflower florets from about 1 medium head], title: Buffalo Cauliflower with Blue Cheese Sauce, picturelink: GhMBn0OqZQcnSwpeytLawbvHMYDuLgK}, 22912: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Place Boboli on an ungreased baking pan. Spread cranberry sauce evenly over Boboli. Sprinkle with green onion and cheese. Top with turkey.nBake for 10 minutes or until heated through and cheese has melted, ingredients: [16ounce precooked Boboli pizza crust, 16ounce can Ocean Spray Whole Berry Cranberry Sauce, 34 cup sliced green onion, 8ounce package shredded Monteray Jack cheese, 14 pound leftover turkey, cut into thin strips], title: Smoked Turkey and Cranberry Gourmet Pizza, picturelink: null}, 22913: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nSeason salmon with salt and pepper and place on a baking sheet. Combine melted butter, stoneground mustard, yogurt and macadamia nuts in a bowl. In a separate bowl combine bread crumbs and chopped chives and season with salt and pepper. Spread yogurt mixture over top of fish then evenly coat fish with the bread crumb mixture. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes, for medium doneness., ingredients: [1 fresh salmon fillet about 1 12 pounds, pin bones and skin removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 2 tablespoons stoneground mustard, 14 cup vanilla yogurt, 14 cup chopped macadamia nuts, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, Chopped chives], title: Macadamia Nut and Yogurt Crusted Salmon, picturelink: null}, 22914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSmush the softened butter with a fork. Dump in the sugar, cinnamon and vanilla. Stir to completely combine. Spread the mixture on the bread slices, completely covering the surfaces all the way to the edges.nPlace the bread on a baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes. Turn on the broiler and broil until golden brown and bubbling. Watch so it doesnt burnnCut the slices into halves diagonally and serve., ingredients: [2 sticks salted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar or more to taste, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract or more to taste, 16 slices bread whole wheat is great], title: Cinnamon Toast, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 22915: {instructions: Grill pierogies for 5 minutes or saute for 8 minutes in 2 tablespoons of oil until golden brown.nCombine mozzarella, garlic, tomatoes, basil, red wine vinegar, salt and pepper in a large bowl.nArrange pierogies on a platter top with mozzarella and tomato mixture. Garnish with fresh basil sprigs, if desired., ingredients: [1 16 ounce box Garlic  Parmesan or your favorite variety of Mrs. Tsu00ae Pierogies, 1 pound fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into 12inch chunks, 2 medium ripe tomatoes, diced, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 14 cup fresh basil, slivered, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, Fresh basil sprigs for garnish optional], title: Savory Pierogy Bruschetta, picturelink: oz1sITWYcIbsINyhVALltH5hCERkAEK}, 22916: {instructions: Heat oven to 175 degrees F. Generously butter a 1 12quarttall souffle dish and a wide strip of parchment paper to form a collar extending at least 3 inches above the rim of the dish. Press the collar, buttered side inward, against the inside of the dish. Chill until butter is set and the paper sticks to the dish. To extract the zest from the skins of the oranges, rub them with the sugar cubes so that the cubes soften and turn bright orange. Wrap the sugar cubes in plastic wrap, and crush them with a rolling pin. Set an apple 12, cut side down, on a board and cut it crosswise into the thinnest possible slices, about 18inch thick. Alternately, slice apple halves using a mandoline. Sprinkle bottom of souffle dish with sugar. Arrange a layer of apple slices in a floral pattern in the bottom of the souffle dish. Top this first layer of apple with more apples slices arranged across the others like ripples in a pond. This crossed pattern of slices ensures that the cake holds together when unmolded. Sprinkle the second layer with the crushed orange sugar. Continue filling the souffle dish until the apples, held in place by the paper collar, extend at least 3 inches above the rim. They will shrink down into the souffle dish during baking. Cover them with a round of parchment paper. Top with a small stack of plates slightly smaller than the souffle dish to seal and weigh down apples. Bake until apples are much reduced and meltingly soft when pierced with a skewer, 12 to 14 hours. Tear off the top of the paper collar, and let the cake cool to room temperature. Combine mascarpone and yogurt in a small bowl. Unmold cake onto a warm platter. The top should be lightly caramelized with a little syrupy juice running down the sides. Serve warm, with caramel sauce and mascarponeyogurt combination.nIn a medium heavybottomed saucepan, heat sugar, lemon juice, and 12 cup water over low heat until the sugar dissolves. Bring the syrup to a boil, and continue to boil without stirring until it begins to turn golden around the edges. It is important not to stir, as the syrup may crystallize. Meanwhile, combine butter and heavy cream in a small saucepan. Heat until the butter melts. When the syrup begins to color, lower the heat a bit, and continue boiling to a deepgolden color. It will darken rapidly. Remove the pan from the heat, and let it cool for 30 seconds. Add the butter and cream, being careful as the syrup will bubble up in the pan. Place pan back over heat, stirring until the caramel is completely dissolved. Let the sauce cool, taste, and add a pinch of salt, if necessary. Serve hot or chilled. Yield: 6 servings, ingredients: [1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 oranges, 6 large sugar cubes, 6 12 pounds tart apples, such as Granny Smith, peeled, halved and cored, Caramel Salt Butter Sauce, recipe follows, 34 cup mascarpone cheese, 34 cup plain yogurt, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup water, 12 cup 1 stick salted butter, 34 cup heavy cream, Pinch salt], title: Apple Gateau, picturelink: null}, 22917: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 martini glassesnFor the chipotlelime poached shrimp: Combine the chipotles, lime juice, wine and salt with 4 cups water in a pot and bring to a boil. Prepare an ice water bath.nAdd the shrimp to the boiling liquid, reduce the heat to medium and poach the shrimp for 4 minutes. Remove the shrimp from the poaching liquid and chill in the ice bath. Slice the shrimp lengthwise along the seam.nCool the poaching liquid and store the shrimp in the chilled poaching liquid until ready to use.nFor the ceviche: Remove the shrimp from the poaching liquid. Combine the mahimahi, jalapenos, cantaloupe, honeydew, red onions, and shrimp in a large bowl.nIn another bowl, whisk together the lime juice, grapeseed oil, salt, sriracha and pepper. Pour over the fish and shrimp mixture and mix well. Store in the refrigerator 10 minutes before serving.nFor Plating: Spread the cream cheese on the bottom of 6 martini glasses and use it to glue the glasses to the centers of 6 serving plates. Divide the ceviche among the glasses. Garnish each with 2 sprigs of watercress and spread 10 tortilla chips around each glass., ingredients: [2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 18 extralarge 1620 shrimp, peeled, deveined and tails removed, 24 ounces mahimahi, sliced on the bias 12inchby12inchby18inchthick, 2 jalapenos, seeded, ribs removed and minced, 3 cups largediced cantaloupe, 3 cups largediced honeydew, 1 cup julienned red onions, 1 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sriracha, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons cream cheese, 12 sprigs watercress, 60 tortilla chips], title: Shrimp and MahiMahi Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 22918: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 3 to 4inch round cookie cutter or ring moldnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, beat the eggs until fluffy. Add the asparagus, Parmesan, salt and pepper.nMelt the butter in an ovenproof nonstick frying pan over low heat add the egg mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, for about 2 minutes. Transfer to the oven until cooked through, 5 to 8 minutes.nUsing a 3 to 4inch round cookie cutter, punch out rounds from the frittata. Place each round on a toasted English muffin and enjoy, ingredients: [2 large eggs, 14 cup chopped leftover asparagus 12inch pieces or other leftover vegetables, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon butter, Toasted English muffins, for serving], title: Asparagus and Parmesan Frittata, picturelink: Y.AmE0AHilvnr7pAmSnc1qMZmPScXq}, 22919: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometer a waffle ironnFor the waffles: Preheat a waffle iron and keep a little melted butter or cooking spray on hand to grease it.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the buttermilk and eggs in a medium bowl, then whisk the wet ingredients into the dry. Stir in the blue cheese crumbles. Set the batter aside.nFor the seasoning flour: Mix together the flour, paprika, salt, cumin, mustard, granulated onion, black pepper, cayenne and baking soda, and divide between 2 plates or shallow bowls.nFor the brine: Mix together the buttermilk, hot sauce, salt, celery seed, paprika and pepper, and divide between 2 plates or shallow bowls.nFor the fried chicken: Set a rack into a baking sheet. Heat a few inches of oil in a Dutch oven or deepfryer to 365 degrees F. Coat the chicken in the brine, then the flour, then the brine and flour a second time shake off excess and place on the rack.nGrease the waffle iron. Add the batter and cook on high until deep golden. Cut into 4 waffles. Repeat until the batter is finished.nFry the chicken in batches, stirring occasionally, until deep golden and cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes.nTop the waffles with 2 pieces of chicken and some Buffalo Whiskey Sauce. Garnish with a few pickle chips and some scallions.nIn a small pot, melt together the hot sauce, maple syrup, whiskey, butter, tamari, Worcestershire and garlic. Simmer to thicken, then remove from the heat., ingredients: [Butter or nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the waffle iron, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 8 ounces about 1 12 cups smoked blue cheese crumbles or blue cheese of your choice, crumbled, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground mustard, 2 teaspoons granulated onion, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 quart 4 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground celery seed, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, Oil, for frying, 8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, Buffalo Whiskey Sauce, recipe follows, Sweet pickle chips, for garnish, Chopped scallions, for garnish, 12 cup hot sauce, such as Franks Red Hot, 14 cup maple syrup or honey, 3 shots 4 12 ounces bourbon whiskey, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons tamari, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped], title: ButtermilkandBlue Waffles with Buffalo Whiskey Crispy Chicken, picturelink: zEN1pIKxIlkPP0igyZkR2Ro33bmmu2}, 22920: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Draw two 4by13inch rectangles about 2 inches apart on the parchment, then flip it over so it is markedside down.nMake the meringue: Beat the egg whites in a medium bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until foamy, about 1 minute. Gradually beat in the granulated sugar and continue beating until stiff shiny peaks form, about 6 minutes. Gently fold in the confectioners sugar with a rubber spatula do not overmix.nTransfer the meringue to a pastry bag fitted with a 34inch round tip. Using the rectangles as a guide, pipe 4inchlong lines of meringue side by side in each rectangle. The lines should touch each other. Transfer to the oven and bake, rotating the baking sheet occasionally, until the meringue is firm and crisp but not brown, about 2 hours. Remove from the oven and let cool completely on the baking sheet.nMeanwhile, make the lemon curd: Combine the egg yolks, lemon zest, lemon juice and granulated sugar in a medium saucepan cook over medium heat, whisking, until thickened, about 7 minutes. Whisk in the butter, a few pieces at a time, until incorporated. Transfer the curd to a small bowl, then set in a larger bowl of ice stir occasionally until the curd is completely cool, then refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the ginger cream: Combine the heavy cream, confectioners sugar, crystallized ginger and vanilla in a bowl and beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form, about 5 minutes.nAssemble the napoleon: Place a meringue rectangle on a platter. Spoon the lemon curd on top, leaving a 12inch border. Top with the ginger cream. Place the other meringue rectangle on top and gently press refrigerate 1 hour. Dust with confectioners sugar before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 13 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 3 large egg yolks, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 14 cup fresh lemon juice from about 2 lemons, 13 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 cup cold heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Lemon Meringue Napoleon with Ginger Cream, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 22921: {instructions: For the rice: Thoroughly rinse the rice in a fine mesh colander. Combine the rice with 2 cups filtered water in a medium saucepan. Set the heat to high and bring to a full boil. Then reduce to a low heat and simmer. Cover the pan and cook until all the water is absorbed and the rice is tender and fluffy, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the rice from the heat and allow it to sit covered for another 10 minutes.nFor the tempeh: In a medium saute pan or skillet, warm up the coconut oil. Gently grill the tempeh until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes on each side. Remove it from the pan and dice into 12 to 1inch cubes.nFor the curry: Place the sesame oil in a 3quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, ginger and onion and stir frequently, cooking for 5 minutes. Add the grilled tempeh, coconut milk, agave nectar, nama shoyu, curry powder, cumin, turmeric, red pepper flakes and broccoli. Reduce to a low heat and simmer for 15 minutes more. Add the chopped cilantro last. Spoon the curry mixture over the cooked brown rice and garnish with cilantro leaves and black sesame seeds., ingredients: [1 cup uncooked brown basmati rice, 1 tablespoon coconut oil, One 8ounce package tempeh, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon peeled and minced fresh ginger, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, 2 34 cups coconut milk, 2 tablespoons agave nectar, 1 12 tablespoons nama shoyu or tamari, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon turmeric powder, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 cups fresh broccoli florets, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro, Fresh cilantro leaves, to garnish, Black sesame seeds, to garnish], title: Curried Broccoli with Grilled Tempeh, picturelink: null}, 22922: {instructions: The above should be enough for 7 or 8 pounds of wings. Rinse and drain 7 to 8 pounds wings. Pour some of the Red Hot hot sauce over them, and toss. Add seasoning mixture above until generously coated. You will lose some in the cooking, so dont skimp Place the wings on a gas grill or smoker and slow cook them at a low temperature. After 20 minutes bastemist with sprayer at least every 10 minutes. Flip them after you mist them. Total cooking time should be around 1 12 to 3 hours, depending on the heat of the grill. Theyre done when they break at the joint or you can break the wing tip off.nCombine ingredients and warm on stove or in microwave, then put in spray bottle and set aside. ., ingredients: [2 cups Red Hot hot sauce, 2 cups brown sugar, 2 tablespoons vinegar Steve uses white vinegar with jalepeno peppers, onions, etc., Stick of butter, 14 cup black pepper, 14 cup garlic, minced, 12 cup Italian seasoning, 14 cup chili powder, 14 cup paprika, 14 cup dried rosemary, 2 tablespoons of red pepper more or less to taste], title: Wing Zzzingers, picturelink: null}, 22923: {instructions: Add the olive oil, parsley, capers, anchovies, garlic and lemon juice to a food processor and blend until smooth. Can be kept refrigerated in a covered container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 2 oilpacked anchovies, chopped, 1 clove garlic, peeled, Juice of 12 a lemon], title: Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 22924: {instructions: In a blender of food processor blend the flour, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, milk, eggs, butter and salt for 5 seconds. Turn off motor, with a rubber spatula scrape down the sides of the container, and blend the batter for 20 seconds more. Transfer the batter to a bowl and let it stand, covered, for about an hour. The batter may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.nIf necessary, add more milk by tablespoonfuls to batter to thin to consistency of heavy whipping cream. Heat 8inch diameter nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Brush with melted butter. Pour 3 tablespoons batter into skillet and swirl to coat bottom evenly. Cook until top appears dry, loosening sides of crepe with spatula, about 45 seconds. Turn and cook until brown spots appear on second side, about 30 seconds. Turn crepe out onto plate. Repeat with remaining batter, brushing skillet with butter and stacking crepes on plate., ingredients: [1 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup milk, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Basic Crepe Batter, picturelink: null}, 22925: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, combine the cashew cream and chocolate chips. Place the bowl over a pan of barely simmering hot water. Stir occasionally until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth, about 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the agave syrup, vanilla and orange zest. Refrigerate the mixture until firm, about 1 hour.nWith a small ice cream scoop or a tablespoonsize round measuring spoon, spoon out the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet. With damp hands, roll the mixture into balls and return to the baking sheet. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. Roll the truffles in your desired toppings and serve.nIn a small bowl, combine the water and cashews. Let soak for at least 2 hours or overnight at room temperature.nIn a blender, blend the cashews and water at high speed until creamy and smooth, about 1 minute., ingredients: [23 cup Cashew Cream, recipe follows, 2 cups 12 ounces 41percent cocoa vegan chocolate chips, 1 teaspoon agave syrup, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Zest of 12 medium orange, Topping suggestions: Finely chopped pistachio nuts, cocoa powder, vegan chocolate chips, finely chopped crystallized ginger, 1 cup water, 1 cup raw, unsalted cashews], title: Vegan Truffles, picturelink: 3uQgWnODfL1D5BHO39bBiL8e4wy3li}, 22926: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place garlic cloves, oil and 3 tablespoons of water in a small dish and cover with foil. Bake for 30 minutes or until garlic is softened. Place in a small food processor and process until smooth. Bring 4 cups of water to simmer in a medium saucepan. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter and 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a medium saucepan. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the rice and stir until lightly golden brown. Add the wine and cook until reduced completely. Add 1 cup of hot water and stir until absorbed. Continue adding 1 cup of water at a time until rice is just tender. Remove from the heat and add the garlic puree, cheese, parsley, salt and pepper and stir to combine. Let cool for 30 minutes. Place in a bowl, cover and refrigerate until cold, about 2 hours. Shape risotto into 8 2inch diameter patties. Place risotto cakes on a baking sheet. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour. Place seasoned flour in a medium bowl. Lightly coat each risotto cake with flour. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium saute pan. Add 4 cakes at a time and saute until golden brown on both sides. Wipe out pan, add the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and repeat with the remaining 4 cakes. Serve 2 per person.nFor the Sea Bass: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. With a sharp knife score bass 3 times on each side to the bone. Season bass on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add bass to pan and brown it on both sides. Transfer pan to oven and cook bass for 8 to 12 minutes or until cooked through. Transfer fish to a plate. Serve with Heirloom Tomato Salad.nFor the Heirloom Tomato Salad: Sliced tomatoes and arrange them in a shallow bowl. Combine the rest of the ingredients and pour over tomatoes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [10 whole cloves garlic, peeled, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 4 cups water, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 cup arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, Salt and pepper, 1 cup seasoned flour, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and pepper, 3 to 4 pound whole sea bass, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 pounds assorted heirloom tomatoes, or substitute plum tomatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped basil, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 small, fresh red chile, seeded and minced], title: Sea Bass with Tomatoes and Garlic Risotto Cakes, picturelink: null}, 22927: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the first 7 ingredients in a bowl, and season with pepper, to taste. Refrigerate until ready to use.nHeat a grill pan or grill to mediumhigh.nDress the shrimp with extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper, to taste, and smoked paprika. Skewer the shrimp onto metal skewers, to ease in turning them, and grill until the shrimp are opaque and firm, about 7 to 8 minutes. Pile the shrimp on a serving platter, and drizzle with the sauce or pass the sauce at the table., ingredients: [23 to 34 cup chili sauce, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, about 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, eyeball it, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 13 palmful, 1 rib celery from heart with leafy tops, finely chopped, Coarsely ground black pepper, 16 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika, A small handful parsley, finely chopped], title: Grilled Shrimp with Chili Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 22928: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace butternut squash halves on a large baking sheet flesh side up. Place 1 teaspoon butter in the middle of each squash. Sprinkle brown sugar over each squash. Season with salt and black pepper. Roast 50 to 60 minutes, until flesh is forktender. Reserve 2 halves for future meal., ingredients: [2 medium butternut squash, halved lengthwise and seeded, 4 teaspoons of butter, 4 teaspoons brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Butternut Squash, picturelink: Sp1wuExqSrWV8dugbXxwhFH46SH.86a}, 22929: {instructions: Set 8 cookies on a plate. Top with 8 small scoops coffee ice cream and set another cookie in place on top of each scoop. Lightly press down to set mini sandwiches. Serve or individually wrap and freeze., ingredients: [16 chocolate covered graham cracker cookies, 1 pint coffee ice cream, softened in microwave for 15 to 20 seconds on high], title: Mini Mud Sandwiches Like Mud Pie, but smaller..., picturelink: null}, 22930: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Beat egg yolks well, about 4 to 6 minutes. Add sugar and continue beating well, another 4 to 6 minutes. Sift together the flour and the baking powder. Gradually add dry ingredients and lemon juice and rind to wet mix. Beat egg whites to medium peaks and fold into batter. Butter and flour 3 9inch cake rounds. Place a parchment paper circle in the bottom of each cake round. Pour the batter into the prepared cake rounds and bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes. Cool cakes completely. With a serrated knife, slice each cake into 3 layers.nCream all ingredients until smooth. Frost each layer and the outside of cake. Cover the whole cake with crushed walnuts. Refrigerate cake for 2 hours before slicing., ingredients: [12 eggs separated, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup cake flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 lemon rind and juice, 1 pound sweet butter, 1 pound powdered sugar, 1 egg yolk, 6 tablespoons cocoa, 2 tablespoons cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups crushed walnuts], title: Dubush Torte, picturelink: null}, 22931: {instructions: Heat about 1 12 inches vegetable oil in a medium heavy pot over medium heat to 360 degrees F.nWhisk the flour, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a shallow bowl. Whisk 1 tablespoon water and the eggs in a separate shallow bowl. Place the breadcrumbs and remaining 14 teaspoon salt and pepper in a separate shallow bowl.nToss onethird of the celery in the flour mixture, shaking off excess. Transfer the celery to the egg mixture and turn with a fork to coat. Lift out the coated celeries 2 at a time, letting the excess egg drip off. Place the celery in the breadcrumbs, slightly pressing the celery into the breadcrumbs to make sure theyre well coated. Carefully drop the celery into the pot and fry in batches of 3, turning occasionally, until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the celery to a wire rack or fresh paper towels, to drain, using a slotted spoon.nRepeat the coating and frying process with the remaining celery sticks. Keep the oil to 360 degrees F between batches. Sprinkle the celery with salt and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 to 3 cups vegetable oil, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, plus extra for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 14 cups panko breadcrumbs, 4 celery stalks, cut into 3inch sticks, 24 sticks in total, Special equipment: deepfat thermometer], title: Crispy Celery Sticks, picturelink: wpLHt1qUsXTdTXI8LwlDA8Yrc6du.Xu}, 22932: {instructions: In a 12 to 14inch saute pan, heat oil until just smoking. Add pine nuts, currants and chili flakes and saute until nuts are just golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add caper berries, tomato sauce and couscous and bring to a boil. Add calamari, stir to mix and simmer two to three minutes, or until calamari is just cooked and completely opaque. Season with salt and pepper, pour into a large warm bowl, sprinkle with scallions and serve with warm Panelle.nTo Make Tomato Sauce: Saute onion and garlic in olive oil over medium heat for about 10 minutes, or until translucent but not browned. Add thyme and carrot, cook 5 minutes over medium heat and add tomatoes. Bring to boil, lower heat to just bubbling and simmer 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season with salt to taste and set aside., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 2 tablespoons currants, 1 tablespoon hot chili flakes, 2 cups Basic Tomato Sauce recipe follows, 1 cup Israeli couscous, blanched two minutes and refreshed, 1 12 pounds cleaned calamari, tubes cut into 14 inch rounds, tentacles halved, Salt and pepper to taste, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 Spanish onion, cut into 14inch dice, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 ounces virgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves or 2 tablespoons dried leaves, 12 carrot, shredded finely, 2 28ounce cans of tomatoes, crushed and mixed, Salt to taste], title: TwoMinute Calamari, Sicilian Lifeguard Style, picturelink: null}, 22933: {instructions: Remove 12 frozen roll dough balls from bag. Use a nonstick spray on a baking sheet and arrange the yeast rolls approximately 14inch apart, to form a ring Cover loosely with plastic wrap or a damp cloth and set in a warm spot in the kitchen to thaw and rise until doubled in size, about 1 to 3 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine melted butter and ranch dressing mix. Brush tops and sides of rolls with butter mixture. Sprinkle rolls with finely chopped herbs. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until golden brown.nServe on cake stand, garnished with fresh herbs., ingredients: [1 bag yeast rolls, frozen dough, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 12 teaspoons ranchstyle dressing mix, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh herbs thyme, rosemary, parsley, Fresh herbs, for garnish], title: Dinner Roll Wreath, picturelink: null}, 22934: {instructions: Combine the sugar and 14 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Chill the simple syrup until cold. Meanwhile, chill 6 rocks glasses in the freezer.nIn a large pitcher, stir together the bourbon, lemon juice, bitters and the chilled simple syrup. Add the beer and stir.nTo serve, pour the cocktail into the chilled glasses over ice. Top off with a splash of seltzer, and garnish with lemon twists., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 1 12 cups bourbon, 14 cup lemon juice, 10 dashes bitters, Two 12ounce bottles wheat beer, chilled, One 12ounce can lemon seltzer, chilled, for topping off, Lemon twists, for garnish], title: BeerBourbon Splash, picturelink: UR3QIeyaCLTpBrBMg.6wv.7z1BJKcrK}, 22935: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nArrange bacon on slotted broiler pan. Sprinkle with brown sugar and place in oven to bake until crisp, 20 to 22 minutes.nPreheat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat.nIn a shallow dish, beat together with a wire whisk: eggs, halfandhalf, vanilla, salt, nutmeg, cinnamon. In a second shallow dish combine flakes and nuts. Add 2 tablespoons butter to warm skillet. Place a cookie sheet lined with foil for easy cleanup near the stove. Coat 4 to 6 slices of bread in egg, depending on the size of your skillet, then coat bread in cornflakes and nuts. Cook slices 2 minutes on each side and transfer toast to cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining slices and transfer toast to oven. Bake 10 minutes, with already cooking bacon.nWhile bacon and toast are in oven, combine fruit, sugar and liqueur in a serving bowl and reserve.nRemove toast and bacon from oven. Warm syrup in a small pitcher in microwave 15 seconds on high. Serve toast and bacon on plates with optional garnish of mint and edible flowers.nPass syrup and topping at the table., ingredients: [1 pounds applewood smoked bacon, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 8 large eggs, 1 cup halfandhalf, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 pinches salt, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, ground or freshly grated, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 3 cups corn flakes, lightly crushed, 12 cup sliced almonds, lightly crushed, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 1 12inchthick slices challah bread or soft Italian style bread, Medium or dark amber maple syrup to pass at table, Mint sprigs and edible flowers, suggested plate garnish, 1 large navel orange, peeled and chopped, 12 large strawberries, sliced, 12 pint blueberries, 12 pint raspberries, 12 pint blackberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier], title: Crunchy VanillaAlmond French Toast with Fancy Fruit Topping, SweetnSmoky Bacon, picturelink: null}, 22936: {instructions: Place the couscous in a large heatproof bowl and stir in the salt, cumin, ginger and paprika.nBring the vegetable stock to a simmer over medium heat then pour over the couscous. Cover bowl with a large plate or plastic wrap and leave for 10 minutes or until it has absorbed all the stock. Fluff up the couscous with a fork.nStir in the parsley, cilantro, carrots, apricots, almonds. Stir in the olive oil and grated lemon and orange zest and juice to add zing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup couscous, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon paprika, 2 cups vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped parsley leaves, 4 tablespoons roughly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 large carrot, grated, 12 cup roughly chopped dried apricots, 1 12 cups slivered almonds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 lemon, zest grated and juiced, 1 orange, zested and juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Carrot and Almond Couscous, picturelink: null}, 22937: {instructions: Pour celery salt into a shallow bowl or small plate. Rub the rims of 2 16ounce tumblers with 1 of the lemon wedges. Dip rims into celery salt. Fill glasses with ice cubes. Pour half of the beer into each glass and top with the spicy vegetable juice. Add a couple dashes of Worcestershire sauce and freshly ground black pepper. Garnish with remaining lemon wedges and celery stalks., ingredients: [Celery salt, 3 lemon wedges, Ice cubes, 2 12ounce bottles lager beer, 12 ounces spicy vegetable juice recommended: V8, Worcestershire sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 stalks celery], title: Spicy Beer Mary, picturelink: null}, 22938: {instructions: For the pickles: Combine the vinegar, dill, sugar, salt, coriander and mustard in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Remove from the heat and let cool for 15 minutes. Put the cucumbers in a medium bowl, pour the pickling liquid over, cover the bowl and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 24 hours.nFor the sour orange glaze: Combine the orange juice and lime juice in a small nonreactive saucepan over high heat and cook until reduced to 12 cup, about 20 minutes. Whisk in the honey and vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Let cool slightly.nFor the pork: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Season the pork with salt and pepper and rub with the steak rub. Let sit for 15 minutes at room temperature.nHeat the oil over high heat in a castiron pan or ovenproof skillet until it begins to shimmer. Add the pork and cook until a crust has formed on all sides, about 2 minutes per side. Brush liberally with the sour orange glaze and transfer the pan to the oven. Brush with the glaze every few minutes, and cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the pork registers 145 degrees F, about 10 minutes. Remove the pork to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Slice the pork thinly.nFor the garlic mayonnaise: Combine the mayonnaise, mustard, oregano, garlic, salt and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Whisk together and let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nFor the serrano ham: Heat the oil in a small saucepan until it reaches 350 degrees F. Add the ham one slice at a time and cook until crisp, about 30 seconds. Drain on a plate lined with paper towels.nTo serve: Spread the top and bottom of each bun with the garlic mayonnaise and top each piece with 2 slices of cheese. Put some pickles on the bottom piece of bun. Top with 4 to 5 slices of the pork and 2 slices of the fried ham. Combine the tops and bottoms to make the sandwiches.nBrush the outsides of the buns with the butter. Heat a castiron pan over low heat. Put 2 sandwiches in at a time, topsides down, and press with a brick wrapped in foil, or put foil over the top of the sandwiches and weigh them down with another heavy castiron pan. Cook until the bread is crispy, then flip over and continue cooking until the bottom is crispy and the cheese has melted, 6 to 8 minutes total. Slice in half and eat., ingredients: [3 cups white wine vinegar, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 2 kirby cucumbers, sliced 14inch thick, 2 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons clover honey, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup steak rub, such as Bobby Flays Steak Rub, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 heaping tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano, 2 cloves garlic, chopped to a paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup canola oil, 8 thin slices Serrano ham, 4 Cuban buns, split, 16 thin slices Swiss cheese, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened], title: Cuban Sandwich, picturelink: IxYiTRVaJ4Qtaqpgo4ENVeGigTn3uXa}, 22939: {instructions: Place a large, deepsided skillet over mediumhigh heat with EVOO, 2 turns of the pan. Add the celery, onions, carrots and bay leaf and season with a little salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, for about 7 to 8 minutes. Add the red bell pepper and continue to cook for an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Scoot the veggies over to the sides and add the butter to the center of the skillet. Once the butter has melted, add the flour and cook for about 1 minute. Whisk in the white wine, chicken stock and cream. Bring the liquids up to a simmer, then add the chicken pieces. Bring back up to a simmer and add the asparagus. Simmer the mixture until the chicken is cooked through and the asparagus is tender, about 10 to 12 minutes more. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat.nTo serve: Add the peas and tarragon to the a la King mixture and stir to combine. Adjust seasoning.nPreheat the oven according to package directions for the puffpastry shells. Arrange the shells on a nonstick baking sheet, then place in oven. Bake until golden, remove from oven and let cool.nServe mixture filling and spilling over the pastry cups, 2 per person. Garnish each dish with noodles and chives., ingredients: [3 ribs celery, thinly sliced on bias, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 2 carrots, thinly sliced on bias, 1 fresh bay leaf, Salt and pepper, 12 red bell pepper, thinly sliced into strips, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 heaping tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup white wine, 2 12 cups chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into bitesize pieces, 12 pound thin asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces on a long angle, 1 cup frozen peas, 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon, chopped, 2 packages 4 to 6 each puffpastry shells, 1 can fried thin Chinese noodles or leftovers from your last Chinese takeout, 2 tablespoons chives, finely chopped], title: Chicken a la King, picturelink: null}, 22940: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare grill or preheat broiler. With a serrated knife cut bread crosswise into 12inch thick slices. Grill slices on a rack set about 4 inches over glowing coals for 1 to 1 12 minutes on each side, or until golden brown and crisp outside but still soft inside. Alternatively, slices may be broiled in batches under a broiler about 4 inches from heat 1 to 1 12 minutes on each side, or until golden. Rub toasts with garlic on one side and lightly brush same side with oil. Toasts may be made 1 week ahead and kept in an airtight container.nIn a small skillet cook shallots in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Stir in tomato and salt and pepper to taste and cook, stirring 30 seconds, or until just heated through. In a bowl toss together tomato mixture with cheese, chives, vinegar, and salt and pepper, to taste, and mound about 1 tablespoon on oiled side of each toast.nDiscard coarse stems from greens and wash leaves thoroughly. Coarsely chop the greens there should be about 6 cups.nIn a large heavy skillet, cook garlic paste in oil over moderately low heat, stirring, 1 minute. Add greens, salt, and pepper and saute over moderately high heat, stirring, until wilted and tender, about 3 minutes. Pour off any excess liquid. Transfer mixture to a bowl and cool to warm. Stir in mozzarella.nIn a heavy skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Saute the eggplant, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes, or until tender, and transfer to a bowl. To the skillet add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and in it cook the onion and the celery over moderate heat, stirring, for 5 minutes.nAdd the olives, capers, vinegar, sugar, raisins, pine nuts, and tomatoes and cook the mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until it is cooked through and the celery is tender. Transfer it to the bowl. Stir in the parsley, let the caponata cool, and chill it, covered, overnight. Season the caponata with salt and pepper.nWine Suggestions: Kendall Jackson Chardonnay Hahn Estates or Glass Mountain Merlot Rosemount Shiraz, ingredients: [2 loaves crusty Italian or French bread, 2 garlic cloves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Assorted toppings, recipes follow, 2 large shallots, sliced thin, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups chopped seeded vineripened tomato, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces ricotta salata firm salted sheeps milk cheese or feta, cut into fine dice about 12 cup, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, or more, to taste, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, or more, to taste, 1 14 pounds arugula, spinach, or escarole, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup coarsely shredded mozzarella, 14 cup olive oil, 3 12 cups 14inch dice unpeeled eggplant about 1 14pounds, 34 cup finely chopped onion, 34 cup finely chopped celery, 13 cup chopped pitted green olives, 3 tablespoons chopped drained bottled capers, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, or more, to taste, 3 tablespoons golden raisins, optional, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted lightly, 3 plum tomatoes, cut into 14inch diced about 1 cup, 14 cup finely chopped flatleafed parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bruschetta Bar, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 22941: {instructions: Place rice in a bowl and rinse under cold, running water until water runs clear. Drain and reserve. Remove wispy fennel leaves. Chop and reserve for garnish. Cut bulbs in half and slice thinly across width. Finely dice, discarding hard cores.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan over moderate heat. Add chopped fennel bulbs and stalks, salt, and pepper. Cook, uncovered, until soft. Add Pernod, turn heat to high, and light alcohol with a match. Continue to cook over high heat until liquid is reduced by half. Add reserved rice and chicken stock, and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce to a simmer, and cook 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit, with cover on, for 5 minutes.nStir in reserved fennel leaves, and serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 cups medium grain white rice, 1 to 2 fennel bulbs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup Pernod, 2 cups chicken stock or canned broth], title: Fenneled Rice Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 22942: {instructions: Prepare a grill for high heat. Tear off two 18inchlong pieces of aluminum foil.nHeat a skillet over mediumhigh heat and toast the almonds, tossing occasionally, until lightly toasted.nRemove the bottom leaves of the cauliflower, and trim the stem down to the base. Turn the cauliflower on its side. Starting near the stem end, cut the cauliflower crosswise to make two 1inchthick rounds. If you start near the top, the cauliflower will crumble. Cut each round in half so you have 4 semicircles. Save any trimmings for another use.nWhisk together the harissa and 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in a small bowl. Place 2 cauliflower steaks on each piece of foil. Brush both sides of each steak with the harissa mixture, and sprinkle on a little salt. Wrap the steaks up to make foil packets as flat as possible, for maximum contact with the grill.nPlace the 2 foil packets on the hot grill, sealedside down, and grill for 12 minutes. Flip the packets, and open them up with tongs to allow the steam to escape. Cook the cauliflower in the opened foil until tender and nicely browned on the bottom, 6 to 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and ginger, and stir for about 1 minute. Add the couscous, 2 14 cups water, the raisins and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil. Cover, reduce the heat to low and cook until all the water has been absorbed and the couscous is tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer the couscous to a large bowl, and stir with a fork to break up any clumps and release excess steam. Let sit for 5 minutes to cool slightly.nWhen ready to serve, add the remaining 3 tablespoons oil, the lemon juice and zest, feta, almonds, parsley, 12 teaspoon salt and some ground black pepper to the couscous. Divide the couscous and cauliflower steaks among 4 plates. Scatter 3 olives on each plate. Drizzle the cauliflower with oil, and add a squeeze of lemon juice., ingredients: [13 cup sliced almonds, 1 large head cauliflower, 2 tablespoons harissa, 7 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 2 cups Israeli couscous, 14 cup golden raisins, Juice of 2 lemons and zest of 1 lemon, plus more for serving, 23 cup crumbled feta, 13 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 large green olives, smashed], title: Grilled Cauliflower Steak with Israeli Couscous and Olives, picturelink: tP5U4etMtEoVTlrgG8sa9nC08600dG}, 22943: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 22944: {instructions: For the curry mayonnaise: Heat the oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds, then add the curry powder and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add 1 cup water and cook until it reduces and the spices cook out, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl and let cool slightly.nAdd the mayonnaise, lime zest and lime juice to the cooled onions. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours to allow the flavors to meld.nFor the rolls: Heat a charcoal or gas grill to mediumhigh for direct and indirect grilling. Brush the cut side of the lobsters with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill, cutside down, until lightly golden brown. Flip and continue grilling until the lobsters are just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove the meat from the tails and claws and chop. Fold the lobster, green onions, celery and dill into the cooled curried mayonnaise. Mound in the toasted hot dog buns and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 small Spanish onion, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons mild curry, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 1 fresh lime, zested and juiced, Two 2 pound whole lobsters, par cooked 12 minutes in boiling salted water, put in ice bath and split lengthwise, Canola oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 green onions green and pale green part, thinly sliced, 1 large stalk celery, finely diced, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 6 hot dog buns, toasted], title: Curried Lobster Rolls, picturelink: HZ17EMT8JlGlsbn.L.i.q3NyV57.hCG}, 22945: {instructions: Fill a large pot 34 of the way with water and place over high heat. Add plenty of salt and bring to a boil. Add the pasta and cook 8 to 10 minutes, until al dente. Drain the pasta and rinse under cold water to cool down.nPut the pasta in a large serving bowl and add the tomatoes, basil, lemon juice, olive oil and salt. Toss well and garnish with fresh basil leaves., ingredients: [1 pound farfalle pasta, 4 plum tomatoes, cut into 1 inch dice, 8 basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 teaspoons salt, Fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Lemon Basil Pasta Salad, picturelink: pDB6AcGnbRPSzFYocHrMO6OmW1jmvaW}, 22946: {instructions: Cook oatmeal in water with a pinch of salt over medium heat for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, heat cream over low heat heat. Place star anise, cinnamon and orange zest in a small piece of cheesecloth and tie with cotton string. Add to cream and simmer about 10 minutes to infuse the cream. Whisk in maple syrup and cook until cream coats the back of a spoon. Remove the sachet of spices. Place 12 of the oatmeal in a heat proof bowl. Sprinkle an even layer of the fruits and nuts over the oatmeal, cover the second half of oatmeal. Sprinkle sugar over the top and place bowl under the broiler until sugar caramelizes, adding more sugar if necessary to achieve a crisp shell. Serve immediately with the maple cream., ingredients: [1 cup McCanns Irish Oatmeal, soaked overnight in water to cover, 4 cups water, Pinch of salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 star anise, 1 stick cinnamon, 3 pieces orange zest, 14 cup maple syrup, 14 cup chopped dried apricots, 14 cup dried cherries, 14 cup dried currants, 14 cup diced dried figs, 3 tablespoons chopped toasted pecans, 3 tablespoons chopped toasted walnuts, 4 tablespoons sugar], title: Irish Oatmeal Brulee with Dried Fruits and Nuts and a Maple Cream, picturelink: null}, 22947: {instructions: Wash the rice until the water rinses clear. Drain the rice in a colander and let it stand for 30 minutes. Place the rice in a pot or rice cooker, and add 4 cups of water or follow the instructions on a rice cooker. Bring the water to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cover the pot. Cook for 15 minutes. Remove the cover, place a damp towel over the rice, and let cool for 10 minutes.nYou can find sushi vinegar prepared at a grocery story or you can easily make it by pouring the vinegar, sugar and salt into a pan under low heat until the sugar and salt are dissolved. If you like sweeter vinegar, add more sugar.nPour sushi vinegar over cooked rice and mix it gently. You can do this in a wooden bowl for making sushi rice or in your rice cooker by turning off the cooker and pouring the vinegar and mixing gently and evenly and leaving it until it cools down to room temperature. The lid should remain open.nBuy fresh fish at a fish market or a Japanese grocery store, make sure to ask the clerk if the fish is good for eating raw. Only purchase sushigrade fish. With salmon, be sure to cover fish with salt and leave for 1 hour. Then, rinse off salt and put it into the freezer. Once frozen, defrost and use for sushi. Slice the fish very thinly into bitesized pieces.nHandmold fingers of rice and place a thin slices of fish on the top., ingredients: [3 13 cup shortgrain sushi rice, rinsed, 4 cups water, 5 13 tablespoons sushi vinegar, or 5 13 tablespoons rice vinegar, 5 tablespoons sugar and 3 tablespoons, Salt, 1 4 to 6 ounce piece sushigrade tuna or salmon], title: Nigiri Sushi, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 22948: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C.nCream the butter well and then just stir in the sugar and ground almonds. Dont over beat or the oil will come out of the ground almonds as it cooks. Put a teaspoon of the mixture into 24 small patty tins, or divide between 2 by 7inch sandwich tins. Bake until golden brown 10 to 30 minutes depending on the pans used.nThe tarts or tartlets are too soft to turn out immediately, so cool in the tins for about 5 minutes before turning out. Do not allow to set hard before removing to a wire rack or the butter will solidify and they will stick to the tins. If this happens pop the tins back into the oven for a few minutes so the butter melts and then they will come out easily.nJust before serving, arrange whole raspberries on the base. Glaze with Red Currant Glaze and decorate with rosettes of Jersey cream.nMelt the red currant jelly with the water in a small stainless steel saucepan. Stir gently, but do not whisk, or it will become cloudy. Cook it just for 1 to 2 minutes longer for the jelly to darken. Store any leftover glaze in an airtight jar and reheat gently to melt it before use., ingredients: [4 ounces1 stick 110 grams butter, 4 ouncesgenerous 12 cup 110 grams castor sugar, 4 ouncesgenerous 1 cup 110 grams ground almonds, Fresh raspberries, Red Currant Glaze, recipe follows, 12 pint 300 milliliters1 14 cups whipped Jersey cream, 12 ounces 350 grams red currant jelly, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon water], title: Almond Tart with Raspberries, picturelink: null}, 22949: {instructions: For the sauce:nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the red pepper, onion, vinegar, water, sugar and salt. Simmer until the liquid is reduced to half. Let cool, transfer to a blender and puree. Add the mayonnaise and mustard and stir to combine. Set aside.nFor the cakes:nAdd the oil to a large saute pan over medium heat. Stir in the onion and pepper and saute until soft. Add the shrimp and cook until the shrimp turns pink. Let it cool, then add the remaining ingredients and mix gently. Do not over mix. Form the mixture into 8ounce balls, then flatten them into patties.nHeat the grill or griddle to high.nGrill the patties on both sides until heated through. Transfer to a serving platter and serve with the red pepper sauce., ingredients: [1 jar roasted red peppers, 1 small yellow onion, sliced, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch salt, 1 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons spicy mustard, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 1 large green bell pepper, diced, 1 pound cooked chopped shrimp, 2 pounds cooked chopped salmon, 4 eggs, 4 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup shredded Cheddar, 12 cup shredded Parmesan, 1 12 cups bread crumbs, Pinch salt, Pinch sugar], title: Shrimp and Salmon Cakes, picturelink: null}, 22950: {instructions: Clean blossoms by removing the staemen, and fill with the mozzarella pieces, seal by pressing the top together.nBread the vegetables by dipping in flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, then the eggwash, and finally the bread crumbs.nHeat 14inch oil in a large saute pan until very hot but not smoking, and pan fry the vegetables until golden, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels and season with salt. Repeat until all vegetables are done. Serve with herb oil.nCombine all ingredients, season with salt and pepper, ingredients: [2 ounces fresh mozzarella, cut into 8 pieces, 8 squash blossoms with squash attached if possible, 1 eggplant cut into 8 14inch slices, 1 yellow squash cut into 8 12inch slices, 1 medium green tomato cut into 4 14inch slices, 1 medium yellow tomato cut into 4 12inch slices, Flour, for dredging, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Eggwash, for dredging 4 eggs whisked together with 1 tablespoon milk, Fresh bread crumbs, for dredging brioche preferred, Olive oil, for pan frying, Herb oil, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chiffonaded basil, 1 tablespoon chiffonaded mint, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: PanFried Summer Jersey Vegetables, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 22951: {instructions: For the honeysesame vinaigrette: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the soy sauce, olive oil, honey, sesame oil, rice vinegar, scallions, ginger and black pepper. Mix well to combine. Cover and set aside for 30 minutes.nFor the grilled red plums: Preheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Place the quartered plums in a small mixing bowl and toss with the canola oil. Sprinkle the plums with the sugar. Scrape and oil the grill grates. Place the plums on the grill, flesh side down, and grill until caramelized and slightly charred on both sides, about 10 minutes total. Remove the plums to a plate and set aside.nFor the soba noodle salad: Bring one gallon of water to a boil in a stockpot. Add the soba and stir to submerge. Bring the water back to a boil and cook the noodles for 5 to 8 minutes. Drain in a colander and rinse the soba well under cold running water to remove all of the starch. Drain well and refrigerate.nIn a large bowl, combine the chilled soba noodles, Napa cabbage, shiitakes, carrots, cucumbers and red peppers. Toss with the honeysesame vinaigrette. Plate the salad on a large serving platter and garnish with the toasted sesame seeds and grilled plums., ingredients: [5 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar, 14 cup scallions, sliced thin on the bias, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 red plums, pitted and quartered, 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus more for oiling the grill, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 pound soba noodles, 2 cups finely sliced Napa cabbage, 1 cup fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and thinly sliced, 1 large carrot, washed, peeled and julienned, 1 seedless cucumber, halved lengthwise and cut on the bias 14inch thick, 1 red bell pepper, seeded, deveined and julienned, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted, for garnish], title: Soba Noodle Salad with Grilled Plums, picturelink: oj2OibXJO1usGOMnGkbmuiF6slBssm2}, 22952: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nMeasure 2 tablespoons lemon juice into a large nonreactive bowl. Add the fruit to the bowl and toss to coat.nMelt the butter over medium heat in a nonreactive roasting pan or rimmed baking sheet. Cook until it stops foaming and turns light brown. Add the rosemary, bay leaves, vinegar, remaining lemon juice, and brown sugar. Bring to a boil, stir well until the sugar has melted, and simmer until slightly reduced.nSeason the cut fruit with a pinch of salt and pepper and pour into the roasting pan. Stir well until evenly coated.nSpread the fruit into a single layer and place in the oven. Let cook slowly about 6 hours, turning the pieces over every hour for at least the first 3 hours. To test whether the fruit is ready, remove a piece after 2 hours and let cool for a few minutes. Taste to see if the flavor is intense enough for your palate. Do not let the fruit get as dry as a fruit leather. It should still be moist and flexible. Remove any pieces that are done before the rest. Remove from the oven, let cool completely, and store in a tightly sealed container.nRefrigerate, if not consumed within 2 days. Let come to room temperature or warm gently before serving, if refrigerated. The fruit will keep a week or more in the refrigerator.nCooks Note: Ovendrying is a technique for intensifying flavor. If the fruit is watery, it may take up to 8 hours to dry. If the fruit is at its peak, ripe, and firm, it may take far less time., ingredients: [5 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 4 large pears, peeled, cored, and cut into 8 wedges, 2 large apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 8 wedges, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 bay leaves, 13 cup balsamic vinegar, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Balsamic Glazed Fruits, picturelink: oBHRbypQEpqhq84v1gnxUxE6Yhw.cm}, 22953: {instructions: In a small pot, brown bacon in olive oil. Stir in flour. Add onions, garlic and potatoes and cook 25 minutes. Add stock and cook for 1520 minutes. Add cream and cook for a few minutes. Add scallops, heat thoroughly and finish with cilantro, salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup chopped bacon, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup flour, 12 cup chopped onions, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 12 cups diced potato, 3 cups fish stock, 1 cup cream, 2 cups chopped scallops, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Scallop Chowder, picturelink: null}, 22954: {instructions: Make the sofrito: In a heavy 12inch skillet heat 3 tablespoons olive oil until hot, add the onions, and pepper strips and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, garlic, and thyme and cook, stirring for 5 minutes more, until most of the liquid in the pan evaporates and the mixture is thick.nSeason the chicken with salt and pepper. In the skillet heat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil over moderately high heat until hot. Add the chicken and cook it, turning. Add sausages and cook until lightly browned. Transfer to a plate and deglaze pan with 12 cup dry white wine.nAbout a 30 minutes before you plan to serve the paella, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a 14inch paella pan or shallow casserole at least 14inches in diameter, combine the sofrito, rice, and the saffron. Pour in 5 cups simmering stock and, stirring constantly, bring to a boil over high heat. Remove the pan from the heat immediately and season with salt. Arrange the chicken, sausage, shrimp, clams, and mussels on top of the rice. Set the pan on the floor of the oven or the lowest shelf and bake uncovered for 20 minutes. Scatter the peas at random over the whole and bake for 5 to 10 minutes more or until all the liquid has been absorbed by the rice and the grains are tender but not too soft. If necessary, add the remaining cup stock, if the rice needs to be more soft. Do not stir the paella once it goes in oven.nLet paella stand at room temperature covered with a cloth for 5 minutes before serving. Garnish with the lemons and parsley., ingredients: [Minced fresh parsley, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup minced onions, 1 each smallsized sweet red and green bell peppers, seeded, and cut into strips, 1 cup drained, chopped canned tomatoes, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 1 2 12 pound chicken, cut into serving pieces, patted dry, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 chorizos, sliced into 14inch thick half circles, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 cups longgrain rice, 14 teaspoon ground saffron or saffron threads, 5 to 6 cups simmering chicken stock, 12 extralarge shrimps in their shells, shelled and deveined, leaving tails intact, 12 hardshelled clams, such as littlenecks, scrubbed, 12 mussels, scrubbed, 1 cup peas, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Paella, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 22955: {instructions: Chop 12 large bunch kale toss with 1 tablespoon each olive oil and white wine vinegar, and 14 teaspoon kosher salt in a large bowl, then rub with your fingers until softened. Cook 12 cup chopped pecans in a skillet with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 14 teaspoon each sugar and salt until toasted. Stir in 1 chopped pear add to the kale. Drizzle with more oil and vinegar, season with salt and pepper and toss.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Kale and Pear Salad, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 22956: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Place the tomatoes and garlic on a baking tray and broil until the tomatoes are charred all over and garlic is golden. Tuck the garlic under the tomatoes as necessary to prevent burning. Transfer to a blender and puree.nHeat the olive oil in a heavy soup pot over moderate heat. Cook the onions with the salt and pepper until translucent. Pour in the wine, turn the heat up to high and reduce by half. Pour in the fish stock and bring back to a boil. Add the potatoes, carrots, garlic tomato puree and morita chile and cook 3 to 5 minutes. Add the fish. Cook 2 to 3 minutes, until the fish is just done. Sprinkle in the cilantro and serve immediately with lime wedges., ingredients: [3 Italian Roma tomatoes, 5 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 112 onions, julienne, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 quart fish stock, 3 small boiling potatoes, peeled, cut in half lengthwise, then into 18inch slices, 2 carrots, peeled, cut in half lengthwise, then into 18inch slices, 1 Morita chile stemmed, seeded and julienned, 1 12 pounds assorted fish fillets, such as, flounder, sea bass, snapper, cut in 2inch chunks, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Seafood Stew, picturelink: null}, 22957: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour the wine into a large saucepan set over medium heat. When the wine is heated, carefully set it aflame. Let the flames die out, then increase the heat so that the wine boils allow it to boil until it cooks down by 12. Remove from the heat.nCenter a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a Dutch oven or large casserole, large enough to hold 6 ribs, over mediumhigh heat. Season the ribs all over with salt and the crushed pepper. Dust the ribs with about 2 tablespoons of matzoh meal and then when the oil is hot, slip the ribs into the pot and sear for 4 to 5 minutes on each side, until well browned.nTransfer the browned ribs to a plate. Remove all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the pot lower the heat to medium, and toss in the vegetables and herbs. Brown the vegetables lightly, 5 to 7 minutes, then stir in the tomato paste and cook for 1 minute to blend.nAdd the reduced wine, browned ribs, and stock to the pot. Bring to a boil cover the pot tightly, and slide it into the oven to braise for about 2 12 hours, or until the ribs are tender enough to be easily pierced with a fork. Every 30 minutes or so, lift the lid and skim and discard whatever fat may have bubbled up to the surface.nCarefully transfer the meat to a heated serving platter with a lip and keep warm. Boil the pan liquid until it thickens and reduces to approximately 1 quart. Season with salt and pepper and pass through a finemesh strainer discard the solids.nPresentation: Pour the sauce over the meat. Serve with vegetables of your choice., ingredients: [1 bottle kosher for Passover Cabernet Sauvignon, 2 tablespoons kosher for Passover vegetable oil, 6 short ribs, trimmed, Salt, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, crushed, Matzoh meal, for dredging, 10 cloves garlic, peeled, 8 large shallots, peeled, trimmed, rinsed, split, and dried, 2 medium carrots, peeled, trimmed, and cut into 1inch lengths, 2 stalks celery, peeled, trimmed, and cut into 1inch lengths, 1 medium leek, white and light green parts only, coarsely chopped, 6 sprigs Italian parsley, 2 sprigs thyme, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 quarts unsalted beef stock or chicken stock, Freshly ground white pepper], title: Braised Short Ribs, picturelink: 5d0YwhnQBtvuBvYRp3GJbNOmiL7tW}, 22958: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the rolls: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured flat surface, roll out the dough and separate it into 4 rectangular parts, leaving 2 triangles attached for each of the 4 sections. Each section should appear to be a rectangle with a perforated dividing line through its center diagonally. Carefully pinch together the 2 triangles along this line to close the gaps and seal it to make it 1 piece. Cut each piece in half to make 2 squares. Repeat for each and place on a nonstick baking sheet with sides. There should be 8 squares to fill.nCombine the candy bars and bacon in a medium bowl. Add 1 heaping tablespoon of the candy mixture in a row along the length of the prepared dough in the center, leaving enough room to pull the uncovered dough on the edges up and over the pile of filling.nFor the topping: In a small bowl, mix the sour cream and just enough water to make it loose like glue, yes glue. Brush this over the top of each roll and sprinkle with sugar and a pinch of flake salt.nBake until golden on top, 16 to 20 minutes. Allow to cool slightly., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 tube croissant dough makes 8 individual croissants, 1 cup chopped chocolate candy bars I like Snickers andor Butterfinger here, 4 slices crispcooked bacon, chopped, 1 tablespoon sour cream, Turbinado sugar, for sprinkling, Flake salt, for sprinkling], title: Sunnys Candy Bar and Bacon Rolls, picturelink: BdqyEFUldiQiOTLy6QXBc4LBzrjCrYS}, 22959: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine in a food processor the achiote paste, olive oil, cumin, coriander, oregano, and 1 tablespoon garlic. Make sure to puree all these ingredients until it becomes a paste. Rub the marinade inside the Cornish hen cavities, underneath the skin, as well as outside. Allow the hens to marinade overnight, refrigerated.nNext day, heat up a large saute pan. Add the chorizo and cook until crispy, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and remaining 4 tablespoons garlic and cook for another 2 minutes. Add the mustard greens and deglaze with the chicken stock. Cook until greens have wilted, about 2 minutes, and then add the potato, green olives, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Once the stuffing has cooled, distribute it equally into the hens and place them on a sheet with a rack. Place in the oven for 1 hour., ingredients: [1 package achiote paste, 12 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon toasted cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon Mexican oregano, 5 tablespoons chopped garlic, divided, 2 poussins or Cornish hens, 4 large links hard, dried Spanish chorizo, diced, 1 Spanish onion, diced, 1 bunch mustard greens, cleaned, trimmed and roughly chopped, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 baking potato russet peeled, diced, and blanched, 2 tablespoons sliced green olives, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Achiote Marinated Cornish Hens Stuffed with Chorizo and Mustard Greens, picturelink: null}, 22960: {instructions: Blanch all tomatoes in salted water for 30 seconds and dunk in ice water, then remove skin off of tomatoes. Remove interior juice and seeds from tomatoes and pour through a strainer into a bowl. To make the vinaigrette mix fresh tomato juice, red wine vinegar, olive oil and seasonings then set aside.nIn a pot of salted boiling water, submerge parsley and remove place in a blender, add seasonings and olive oil, blend for 5 to 7 minutes and strain for 30 minutes through a chinois. Slice outside of tomato off making four slices and divide the rest of the tomato interior into four parts.nForm the tomato into a three inch ring, first with the interior of the tomato then the exterior of the tomato so it resembles the original tomato and place it into an oversized bowl. Pour the vinaigrette equally into six bowls and garnish the tops of the tomatoes with thinly sliced onions and chervil. Garnish the tomato dish with radishes, chervil, herbed oil, and Roquefort cheese., ingredients: [6 beefsteak tomatoes, 2 tablespoons wood aged red wine vinegar, 1 ounce of extra virgin olive oil, 1 bunch flat leaf parsley, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 bunch chervil, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 18 bunch radishes, 6 ounces Roquefort cheese], title: Vine Ripened Beefsteak Tomato with Roquefort and Garden Radish, picturelink: null}, 22961: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Fill a medium saucepan onethird full with water and bring to a simmer. Put the zest and lemon juice in a medium bowl and whisk in the eggs. Add the sugar and butter and place the bowl over the simmering water the water must not touch the bottom of the bowl. Cook, whisking constantly, until the butter is completely melted and the mixture is smooth. Remove the bowl from the pan of hot water and allow the mixture to cool for 15 minutes. Place the pre  baked tart shell on a baking sheet. Pour the filling into the shell and bake the tart for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the center is just set. Cool the tart completely on a wire rack. Make the garnish: Using a channel knife, cut 6 lengthwise grooves in the lemon, removing 6 strips of rind. Cut a crosswise slice from the center of the lemon and place it in the center of the tart. Slice the remaining lemon and place it in the center of the sections into half and then cut the sections into halfmoons. Arrange the slices around the edge of the tart with the cut sides out. If necessary, rewarm the apricot glaze over low heat or in the microwave. Using a pastry brush, lightly brush the top of the tart with the warm apricot glaze. Garnish with a few mint leaves.nSift together the confectioners sugar, flour, and salt into a bowl. Place the butter in a food processor and process until smooth, about 15 seconds. Scatter the flour mixture over the butter, add the egg, and process just until the dough forms a mass do not overmix. Turn the dough out onto the counter and divide it into 2 pieces. Shape each half into a disc, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate., ingredients: [3 lemons, zest grated, juiced, 3 large eggs, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 9 12inch tart shell made from Sweet Tart Dough, prebaked, recipe follows, 1 lemon, 14 cup Apricot Glaze, Mint leaves, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 1 34 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 9 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 large egg], title: Lemon Tart, picturelink: null}, 22962: {instructions: Special equipment: an electric hand mixer, a Danish ebelskiver pan and wooden skewersnAdd the egg whites to a bowl and whip with an electric hand mixer until stiff peaks form. Mix together the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Add the egg yolks and buttermilk to the dry ingredients and mix thoroughly with a wooden spoon until no lumps remain. Gently fold in the beaten egg whites. Transfer the batter to a pitcher for easy pouring into the pan.nHeat the ebelskiver pan over medium heat. Drizzle each hole with approximately 2 tablespoons of canola oil. Test the heat of the pan with a teaspoon of the batter it should bubble immediately. When the pan is hot enough, fill each hole to the top with the batter. Cook 2 to 3 minutes, then poke the middle of each pancake ball with a skewer and give the pancake ball a quarter turn. Wait 1 minute, then turn completely over. Cook 2 to 3 minutes more. The pancake balls are done once a skewer inserted into the center comes out clean.nDust with confectioners sugar and serve topped with strawberry jam., ingredients: [3 large eggs, separated, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups buttermilk, Canola oil, for greasing pan, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Strawberry jam, for topping], title: Danish Pancake Balls, picturelink: N8lmUNMSGkq96gS0kW3oBnLoqDlzTxS}, 22963: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a cocktail shaker add all of the ingredients, except the grenadine. Add ice and shake, then pour into glasses filled with ice.nTop each with a splash of grenadine and garnish with an orange twist., ingredients: [1 12 ounces orange vodka recommended: Grey Goose, 12ounce Danish cherry liqueur recommended: Cherry Heering, 14 cup ginger liqueur recommended: Canton, 12ounce freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 1 dash bitters, 14ounce grenadine, Orange twists, for garnish], title: Orange Sling, picturelink: 2VyPvcgNGxMUdwKJq5EUIzhmXnInRt2}, 22964: {instructions: Special equipment: 1foot butchers twinenPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBegin by using a large saute pan on mediumhigh heat. Add 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, and saute the spinach with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Stir until spinach wilts and add the wine. Let the wine evaporate and infuse with the spinach. Remove from heat and let cool.nBegin with the turkey by either pounding it or butterfly the meat to make it a thinner piece. Spread the cooled spinach evenly over the breast, along with the Gorgonzola. Carefully roll the breast tightly and then using the twine, tie the roll up in the middle and both ends.nSear the roll until golden brown on all sides in a medium sized saute pan with a drizzle of oil. When all sides are seared, put in the oven for 20 minutes. Remove and serve with espresso BBQ sauce.nIn a medium sized saucepan over medium heat, add the olive oil. Add the onions and garlic and cook until they begin to turn brown and caramelize, about 4 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the balsamic vinegar, scraping up any browned bits from the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the hot sauce, to taste, and wine. Next, add the ketchup, brown sugar, mustard, coffee, and salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Let simmer for 30 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for searing, 2 ounces fresh spinach, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups Zinfandel wine, 8ounce turkey breast, 2 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola, Espresso BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small sweet white onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, Hot sauce, 2 cups red wine, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup espresso coffee, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Breast Rollatini with Espresso Bbq Sauce, picturelink: null}, 22965: {instructions: Heat the oil in a saucepan or skillet. Add the garlic and half of the beans. Mash them into the oil and cook for a few minutes. Add the broth less if you want a stew more if you want soup, the other can of beans and dried herbs. Cover and simmer for 20 minutes over very low heat if melange gets too thick, add some water. Season to taste with salt and pepper and remove from heat. Stir in sage and parsley. Eat as a soup or on pasta, with bread or rice., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 2 cloves slivered garlic, 2 to 4 cups chicken broth, 2 cans 15 ounces each, drained and rinsed white cannelini beans, 12 teaspoon each dried marjoram and oregano, 5 or 6 fresh sage leaves, snipped, 12 cup packed flat leaf parsley leaves, snipped], title: White Bean Soup Stew, picturelink: null}, 22966: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and pecans. Using a pastry blender, flat beater attachment on an electric mixer or your fingertips, work in the shortening until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Mix in the evaporated milk and 3 tablespoons of the rum to form a soft dough. Knead it for 10 seconds, then lightly flour it and pat it out 34inch thick. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour until firm. Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees. Cut out 2 14inch round biscuits and arrange them at 2inch intervals on a nonstick or parchment lined cookie sheet. If necessary, pat the scraps together, rechill for 10 minutes and cut more biscuits to make a total of 8. Bake for 20 minutes or until slightly tanned and springy. Set the cookie sheet on a rack to cool. In the meantime, in a saucepan, cover the dried fruit with white grape juice and bring to a simmer. Cook for 3 minutes. Let cool in juice then drain. Add canned fruits. Mix together the sweetened condensed milk, coconut cream and remaining tablespoon of rum. With a serrated knife, split the biscuits in half. Fill with fruit and spoon on sauce., ingredients: [1 34 cups cake flour, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 14 cup evaporated milk, 14 cup dark rum, divided, 3 cups exotic canned fruits, lychee nuts, loquats, and jack fruit, rinsed and drained, 12 cup dried pineapple, dried raisins and cherries, 2 cups white grape juice, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup coconut cream], title: Tres Leches Pecan Shortcakes with Dried Fruit Compote, picturelink: null}, 22967: {instructions: Rinse the ham and pat dry. To score the ham, use a serrated knife to make parallel cuts about an inch apart, across and through the skin into the fat. Cut diagonally across these first cuts to make a diamond pattern. In a food processor combine the parsley, sage, garlic, mustard, red pepper, salt, and pepper. Add 14 cup of the oil and pulse to a make a coarse paste. Rub the paste all over the ham, pressing it into the cuts. Cover the ham with plastic wrap, put on a pan, and refrigerate overnight. Remove ham from the refrigerator about 1 12 hours before cooking so the meat can come to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a large roasting pan toss the onion wedges with the remaining oil. Place the ham on top of the onions and add 1 cup of the cider. Roast the meat for 30 minutes, reduce the oven temperature 300 degrees F. Cook the ham until an instant read thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 150 degrees F. A 13pound ham will take about 4 to 4 12 hours, about 20 minutes per pound. Meanwhile in a large sauce pan bring the cider to a boil. Reduce the heat to a brisk simmer and cook the cider until syrupy and about 1 12 cups. Skim off any foam that comes to the surface as the cider reduces. During the last 1 12 hours of cooking the ham, brush the reduced cider over the roast every 30 minutes to glaze the skin. Let the cooked ham rest, loosely covered with foil, at room temperature for 30 minutes before carving. Reserve the onions and pan juices, skimming off any excess fat. Carve the ham and serve with the onion and pan juices., ingredients: [One 12 to 14 pound fresh ham, bone in and skin on, 1 cup chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 6 large cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large Spanish onions, trimmed and cut into 1 inch wedges, 1 gallon apple cider], title: Roast Fresh Ham with Cider Glaze, picturelink: null}, 22968: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan or Dutch oven, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the ground chicken, 1 teaspoon salt, cumin, fennel seeds, oregano, and chili powder. Cook, stirring frequently, until the chicken is cooked through, about 8 minutes. Stir the flour into the chicken mixture. Add the beans, Swiss chard, corn, and chicken stock. Bring the mixture to a simmer, scraping up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Simmer for 5560 minutes until the liquid has reduced by about half and the chili has thickened. Add the red pepper flakes and simmer for another 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nLadle the chili into serving bowls. Sprinkle with the Parmesan cheese and chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 2 pounds ground chicken, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 15ounce cans cannellini or other white beans, rinsed and drained, 1 bunch about 1 pound Swiss chard, stems removed, leaves chopped into 1inch pieces, 112 cups frozen corn, thawed, 4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Freshly ground black pepper for seasoning, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: White Bean and Chicken Chili, picturelink: rHCtIVPLr2K3Juztfuj2GJXUA69XOC6}, 22969: {instructions: Cook Tortellini according to package directions. In a skillet heat olive oil and cook garlic and rosemary. Stir in Prosciutto and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in 14 cup Parmesan and butter. Add cooked Tortellini and toss to coat. Serve with fresh pepper and Parmesan., ingredients: [12 ounces cheese Tortellini, 14 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon rosemary, crumbled, 14 pound Prosciutto cut in 14 inch strips, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Cheese Tortellini with Prosciutto and Rosemary, picturelink: null}, 22970: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRub garlic pepper seasoning into pork loin. Heat a small amount of oil in a pan and sear all sides of meat. Roast covered in oven until fork tender, at least 35 minutes. Combine bread cubes, butter, apple juice, apples, cranberries, poultry seasoning, and salt and pepper in a bowl and mix well. Bake stuffing uncovered in oven until dry and fluffy, 35 to 40 minutes. Let pork rest before slicing. Lay slices of pork loin over stuffing and finish with any type of brown sauce.nChefs Note: You could also substitute 1 cup of dried cranberries for the fresh, if youd like, which are a little sweeter and more intense in flavor., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Irvine Spices Roasted Garlic Pepper Seasoning, 1 3pound pork loin, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil approximately, 2 pounds dry bread cubes, 1 pound melted butter, 1 quart apple juice, 8 apples, small dice, 1 12 cup fresh cranberries, 2 tablespoons poultry seasoning, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 ounces prepared brown sauce or gravy], title: Pork Loin with Cranberry Apple Stuffing, picturelink: yJiXcFWc06ydNIy5w4bIMnBCutjESm}, 22971: {instructions: In a small amount of cooking oil sweat the onion, carrots and celery. Add chicken, broth, green beans, barley, celery salt, parsley and bay leaves. Simmer until the barley is tender, about 30 minutes.nBring the milk and butter to a boil, add salt and nutmeg. Remove from heat and immediately add flour stirring until dough leaves the sides of the pan. Incorporate the eggs, 1 at a time, forming a sticky dough.nSeason the soup, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add spoon sized balls of dumpling dough and simmer until dumplings rise., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons cooking oil, 1 large onion, diced, 2 carrots, diced, 12 stalk celery, diced, Meat from 1 chicken, cooked and shredded, 4 to 6 cups chicken broth, 1 cup fresh cut green beans, 1 cup pearl barley, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley, 2 bay leaves, Salt and pepper, 1 cup milk, 12 cup butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 eggs], title: Chicken Dumpling Soup, picturelink: null}, 22972: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Grease the bottoms of two 9inch round cake pans.nIn a large mixing bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and 12 cup of the sugar. Add the cold butter and cut in with 2 knives or a pastry blender to coarsecrumb consistency.nIn a large bowl, beat the eggs. Add the milk until fully combined. Gradually stir the egg and milk mixture into the flour mixture. Knead the dough for no more than a minute on a lightly floured board. Pat half the dough into each cake pan. Brush the surfaces with the melted butter. Bake until lightly browned, about 15 minutes. Turn the shortcake layers out onto cooling racks.nWhile the layers are cooling, wash the strawberries and remove the hulls. Reserve a few berries for garnish. Cut the large berries in half and sprinkle with the remaining 34 cup sugar. Let stand for about 30 minutes.nSpoon half of the berries with their juice over one shortcake layer. Place the second layer on top and spoon the remaining berries and juice over it. Top with whipped cream., ingredients: [4 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups sugar, 23 cup butter 11 tablespoons, cold and cut into small pieces, 2 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 3 pints fresh strawberries, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped], title: Old Fashioned Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: DKTj73PoDtusrYunCd082Nlb5jcIqS6}, 22973: {instructions: Mix butter, sugar and cocoa. Melt in a bowl set over hot water. Add beaten egg and mix thoroughly. Remove from heat. Add graham cracker crumbs, coconut, vanilla, and walnuts. Press firmly into an 8 by 8inch pan. Place in refrigerator while mixing the next layer.nSecond layer: Cream the butter, confectioners sugar, and custard powder. Add small amount of milk. Beat until light and creamy. Spread on top of bottom layer. Place this in refrigerator for at least 20 minutes.nTopping: Melt chocolate and butter together in a bowl set over hot water. Mix well and spread on top. Chill in refrigerator., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 14 cup sugar, 5 tablespoons cocoa, 1 egg, well beaten, 2 cups graham cracker crumbs, 1 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup walnuts, finely chopped, 12 cup butter, 2 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons custard powder, 1 tablespoon milk, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 tablespoon butter], title: Chudleighs Nanaimo Bars, picturelink: null}, 22974: {instructions: In a medium saute pan, saute garlic and shallots in canola oil until translucent. Remove from heat and cool. In a medium size bowl, whip together sour cream and Boursin cheese. When mixture becomes smooth, season with hot pepper sauce, Worcestershire, cilantro and chives. Finish with lime juice, salt and cayenne pepper to taste. Mix in crabmeat, garlic and shallots being careful not to break up the crabmeat too fine. Place crab salad on a piece of lavosh and serve as hors doeuvre., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, minced, 2 shallots, minced, 2 ounces canola oil, 12 cup sour cream, 2 ounces Boursin cheese, 1 12 teaspoons green hot pepper sauce, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon cilantro, chopped, 2 tablespoons chives, chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 1 teaspoon salt, Cayenne pepper to taste, 1 pound crab claw meat, picked over], title: Texas Blue Crab Salad, picturelink: null}, 22975: {instructions: HEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Coat baking sheet with nostick cooking spray.nBEAT together cake mix and preserves do not add water at low speed of electric mixer 1 minute or until evenly moistened. Continue to beat an additional 1 minute. Stir in chocolate chips. Drop by rounded tablespoonfuls onto prepared baking sheet.nBAKE 10 to 12 minutes or until tops are just lightly browned. Cool 1 minute on baking sheet. Place on cooling rack to cool completely. Cookies will be soft and chewy.nTIP: Store between sheets of wax paper to keep from sticking together., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 16 oz. package Pillsburyu00ae Angel Food Cake, 34 cup Smuckersu00ae Strawberry Sugar Free Preserves, OR 34 cup Smuckersu00ae Low Sugaru2122 Reduced Sugar Strawberry Preserves, OR 1 cup Smuckersu00ae Special Recipe Strawberry Preserves, 3 tablespoons mini semisweet chocolate chips], title: Strawberry Angel Cookies, picturelink: null}, 22976: {instructions: Wash and dry peppers. Cut in half cross ways and remove seeds. Roughly chop shrimp and crawfish and mix with cream cheese and pepper jack cheese. Fill peppers with cheese mixture. Grill until done, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [8 poblano peppers, 12 shrimp, cleaned and cooked, 12 crawfish, cleaned and cooked, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, room temperature, 2 cups shredded pepper jack cheese, room temperature], title: Lake Rat Peppers, picturelink: null}, 22977: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cookies: Whisk together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Sift into another large bowl.nBeat the granulated sugar and butter together in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the egg and beat until incorporated. Beat in the vanilla. Alternate adding the dry mixture and the milk, beginning and ending with the dry mixture. Mix until just incorporated. Refrigerate the dough until chilled, about 1 hour.nAdjust the oven racks to the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment and lightly coat with cooking spray.nDrop tablespoonfuls of batter about 3 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets about 6 cookies per baking sheet. Keep the remaining batter chilled while working.nBake until the cookies puff up and the tops are no longer glossy, about 7 minutes. Let cool for a few minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely, about 1 hour. Let the baking sheets cool, then reline with parchment, lightly coat with cooking spray and bake the remaining batter in batches cool, reline and spray the baking sheets each time.nFor the filling: Beat the confectioners sugar and shortening in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Add the marshmallow creme, milk and peppermint extract and beat until light and airy, about 5 minutes.nSpread a heaping tablespoon of the filling on half of the cookies. Sandwich with the remaining halves, pushing down slightly to move the filling to the edge. Put the crushed candy canes on a plate and roll the sides of the whoopie pies in the candy., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup milk, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the parchment, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 23 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup marshmallow creme, 1 to 2 tablespoons milk, 14 to 12 teaspoon peppermint extract, About 12 candy canes, crushed], title: Chocolate Peppermint Whoopie Pies, picturelink: 57kYgvakky.5ACsvbiuhLhoPrufeiuu}, 22978: {instructions: Special equipment: A pastry bag or a large resealable plastic bagnFor the filling: Toss the apples, granulated sugar, lemon juice, cinnamon and salt together in a medium bowl. Melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the apples, and cook, stirring frequently, until the apples are tender but still pliable and the liquid is simmering, about 6 minutes. Add the flour, and stir until it dissolves and the liquid thickens. Remove the skillet from the heat, and let the filling cool completely. Divide the filling evenly into 12 little packed mounds set aside.nFor the cupcakes: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with paper liners, and coat the liners and the top of the tin with cooking spray.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt together in a medium bowl. Beat the sugar and eggs in another medium bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and creamy, about 2 minutes. While continuing to beat, gradually pour in the butter, then add the vanilla. Adjust the mixer to mediumlow, and add half the flour mixture. Add the milk, then the remaining flour mixture, taking care not to overmix the batter. It will be thin, like pancake batter transfer it to a liquid measuring cup to make filling the muffin cup easier.nDivide the batter evenly among the cups of the prepared muffin tin. Top each with a mound of apple filling. Bake for 15 minutes the cupcakes will spread quite a bit. Remove the tin from the oven, gently brush the tops with melted butter and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Continue to bake until the tops of the cupcakes, which bake and puff around the apple filling, spring back when pressed, 6 to 8 minutes more. Let the cupcakes cool in the tin for a few minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nFor the whipped topping: Beat the cream, confectioners sugar and sour cream in a medium bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until the mixture forms soft peaks. Transfer it to a pastry bag or a resealable plastic bag snip off the tip. Pipe a dollop of whipped topping onto each cupcake dont completely hide the cupcake, and sprinkle with cinnamon., ingredients: [3 medium apples, cored, peeled and cut into 18inchthick slices, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Large pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch fine salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus melted butter for brushing, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, Cooking spray, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, plus 1 tablespoon for brushing, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon sour cream, Ground cinnamon, for sprinkling], title: Apple Pie Cupcakes, picturelink: r8gUDocrcEAOBtNykQFYoo6MfJHUbm}, 22979: {instructions: 1. Combine WishBoneu00ae Buffalo Blue Cheese Dressing with sour cream in medium bowl. Stir in remaining ingredients.n2. Serve, if desired, with baked potato chips, tortilla chips or cut up vegetables., ingredients: [12 cup WishBoneu00ae Buffalo Blue Cheese Dressing, 12 cup lowfat sour cream, 12 cup chopped cooked chicken, 12 cup chopped celery, 3 Tbsp. sliced green onions], title: Buffalo Chicken Dip, picturelink: hEFDp9ENnPcdfZ2SvmUCnEl9ybxK8zS}, 22980: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a grill pan on medium heat, cook cocktail wieners until plump, about 5 minutes. Cook in 2 batches. Set aside.nOn a clean surface, cut 4 large biscuits into sixths. Dump cheese into bowl and roll each slice of dough in the cheese to make little cheese balls. Gently stretch each ball to fit a mini hot dog. Wrap the dough around the mini dogs. Arrange pillow dogs on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Leave about 1inch space between each roll. Bake for 10 minutes. Garnish with mustard, or desired topping. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 pack miniature beef cocktail wieners, 1 16ounce container buttermilk biscuit dough, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, Mustard, optional topping], title: Pillow Dogs, picturelink: null}, 22981: {instructions: Bring a 6quart pasta pot of water to boil over high heat and add 2 tablespoons of salt. Add the pasta and stir well. Try to time it so that the garlic is done when the pasta is al dente. While the pasta cooks, reserve 1 cup of the pasta water to moisten the pasta at the end if necessary.nHeat a 10inch saute pan over medium heat and add the olive oil. Add the garlic and cook until golden brown, taking care not to let the garlic get too dark, about 2 minutes. When the garlic is light brown, remove the pan from the heat, and add the parsley and red pepper flakes. Drain the pasta and add it to the saute pan. Toss, season with salt and pepper, and serve immediately in warmed bowls., ingredients: [1 pound spaghettini, 6 to 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons Italian parsley, minced, for garnish, Pinch red pepper flakes, for garnish, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Spaghettini with Garlic and Oil: Spaghettini Aglio e Olio, picturelink: null}, 22982: {instructions: Proof yeast in a measuring cup with lukewarm water.nIn a food processor add whole wheat and all purpose flours, proofed yeast, oil mixed with honey and salt. Pulse processor to combine all ingredients. Then process until the dough forms a ball on the blade. Remove dough to a large oiled bowl. Cover with plastic wrap or a kitchen towel and let rise in a warm place for 45 minutes or until dough has doubled in bulk.nPunch down dough and transfer to a floured board and knead briefly. Divide dough into 4 equal portions and roll each piece into a ball. Place the balls of dough, covered, in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours or overnight. Bring the dough to room temperature before proceeding.nOn a floured board roll and stretch each piece of dough into a 7 to 8inch circle. Place each circle on a wooden pizza peel or pizza pan and top as desired.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. and bake 7 to 8 minutes per pizza., ingredients: [1 package dry yeast, 1 14 cups lukewarm water, 1 12 cups whole wheat flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon salt, Grated mozzarella cheese, Grated Parmesan cheese, Ricotta cheese, Sliced tomatoes, Sliced onions, Sliced mushrooms chanterelles, Roasted red bell peppers, peeled, seeded, sliced, Calamata olives, pitted and sliced, Japanese eggplant, sliced thin, Leeks, washed well, outer leaves trimmed, sliced into rings, Broccoli florets, Spinach leaves], title: Whole Wheat Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 22983: {instructions: For the dressing: Whisk together the vinegar, mustard and garlic. Whisk in the oil, adding it in a thin stream. Taste, and add some lemon juice if the dressing isnt sharp enough. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the salad: Toss the lettuce leaves with a very little bit of the dressing and the shredded basil, and arrange on a platter. Toss the green beans, potatoes, tomatoes and artichoke hearts separately in a bit of dressing, and arrange on the platter. Scatter the onions and olives on top. Arrange the eggs and anchovies on top. Season with fleur de sel and pepper., ingredients: [1 teaspoon tarragon vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup60 ml mild olive oil, or half olive oil and half peanut oil, Lemon juice, if needed, Salt and freshly ground pepper, About 10 leaves from a head of Bibb lettuce, About 6 fresh basil leaves, shredded, 4 ounces110 g green beans, blanched in salted water, refreshed and drained, 6 baby red potatoes, boiled until tender and sliced, 6 cherry tomatoes, halved, 3 baby artichoke hearts, cooked and quartered, 1 very small purple onion, sliced very thinly and separated into rings, Handful nicoise olives, 2 hardcooked eggs, peeled and quartered, 3 or 4 anchovy fillets, Fleur de sel and freshly ground pepper], title: Salade Nicoise, picturelink: null}, 22984: {instructions: Make the cookies: Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, confectioners sugar and vanilla in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture in 2 additions. Add the food coloring and beat until combined. Transfer the dough to a clean surface and knead a few times. Roll into a 10inchlong, 1inchdiameter log wrap in plastic wrap and freeze until firm, about 2 hours.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Pulse the coconut, cream cheese, confectioners sugar, salt and vanilla in a food processor until combined. Refrigerate until ready to use.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Remove the dough from the freezer and unwrap. Slice the dough into 14inchthick rounds and arrange about 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until the cookies are firm around the edges, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool 2 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nSpread about 1 teaspoon of the filling on the flat side of half of the cookies, then sandwich with the remaining cookies.nCooks Note: If the dough feels dry after you beat in the food coloring, beat in up to 2 more tablespoons softened butter until the dough stays together when pinched and is kneadable.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch of salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon red food coloring, 34 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 13 cup confectioners sugar, Pinch of salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Red Velvet Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: W1OHdekXHyw0UxtGVPnZMZORbEveq.}, 22985: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 18 12inch or 10 12inch foil pans Pastry brushnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the Chardonnay, water, lemon, peppercorns, juniper berries, bay leaves, basil and 2 fennel fronds into a large saucepan. Place the pan over high heat and bring the liquid to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and let the liquid simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, discard the fennel and basil and let cool.nPut the salmon into the foil pan and top with the remaining fennel frond. Pour the poaching liquid over the salmon. Cover the pan with foil and seal it tightly. Place the pan into the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Remove the foil halfway through the cooking process and baste the salmon. Reseal and finish poaching. Remove the pan from the oven, remove the foil and brush the top of the salmon with the poaching liquid to remove any white bits.nWhen the pan is cool enough to handle place it over your sink. With a sharp knife, make a few punctures in the bottom of the pan to let the poaching liquid drain. Place the pan directly into the second pan to prevent dripping. Brush the salmon with olive oil, cover with foil and refrigerate overnight.nTo serve, cut the end off the foil pan and, with a spatula, slide the salmon onto a platter. Fan the lemon slices out along the top and garnish the sides with the dill. Serve with Dill Dijon whipped cream on the side.nPour the heavy cream into a large bowl and, using an electric mixer on high, beat until soft peaks form. Add the mustard and continue to beat on medium for 1 minute. Fold in the dill and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTransfer to a decorative bowl for serving., ingredients: [3 cups Chardonnay, 3 cups water, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 10 juniper berries, crushed, 3 bay leaves, 1 stem fresh basil, 3 fronds fennel, 1 2 12 to 3 pound salmon fillet, skin on, Olive oil, 2 lemons, sliced for garnish, 1 bunch dill, for garnish, Dill Dijon Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons dill, chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Chardonnay Poached Salmon with Dill Dijon Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 22986: {instructions: For the wet masala: In a small skillet over mediumhigh heat, toast the cumin seeds, cinnamon bark, cloves, and peppercorns until fragrant, about 1 minute. Pour into a spice grinder and process until powdered. In a small food processor or blender, combine the toasted spice mix and the rest of the wet masala ingredients. Process until smooth.nPlace a large preferably nonstick pot over high heat and add the oil. When the oil is shimmering, add the onions and serrano pepper. Stirring frequently, saute the onions until golden brown, about 12 minutes. Dont let them burn Turn the heat down to mediumhigh if theyre starting to burn.nAdd the ground wet masala, taking care because it will sizzle wildly and steam up your glasses, if you wear them. Stir quite vigorously and turn down the heat if its bubbling too furiously. Dont wash the food processor bowl yet. Keep stirring, with short pauses, until most of the liquid has evaporated and the masala comes together as one mass, about 2 minutes. Also, you may see little droplets of oil on the perimeter of the masala. Thats a good signnQuickly add the meat and stir, coating the meat in the masala. Stir and cook about 5 minutes until the meat browns.nRemember that dirty food processor bowl Fill it with 1 cup of hot water from the tap is fine, swirl it around so it picks up any leftover masala, and pour that into the pot. Add salt and pepper, stir, bring the curry to a boil, and then turn it down to a simmer. Cover and cook 30 minutes. Then cook with the lid ajar for another 10 minutes to thicken the gravy slightly. Check the meat at the end of the cooking time it should be tender and not chewy at all. Adjust the salt if you like, and serve over rice or with chapatis whole wheat griddle bread.nThrow the garlic, ginger, and canola oil in a minifood processor and let it go until it forms a semismooth paste. There will still be tiny little pieces in there, but overall, it should resemble a paste.nSave what you dont use in a small glass jar. It should last in the fridge for 2 to 3 weeks. Its a delicious addition to marinades, pasta sauces, stir fry sauces, slowcooker recipes, gravy etc. We always had a jar of this stuff in our fridge growing up., ingredients: [1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 1inch pieces cinnamon bark, 6 whole cloves, 4 whole black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 teaspoons paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne more if youre feeling feisty, 1 heaping tablespoon Ginger Garlic Paste, recipe follows, or 6 cloves garlic, peeled and roughly chopped and 1inch thumb fresh ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium red onion, sliced very thinly, 1 serrano pepper, sliced in half, 2 pounds boneless beef top sirloin, trimmed of all excess fat, cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup cloves garlic, whole, 12 cup fresh ginger, peeled, 12inch slices, 14 cup canola oil], title: Goan Beef Curry with Vinegar: Beef Vindaloo, picturelink: 0UCsDwK7jzhJEqb1inXv8woIOEfH.Qe}, 22987: {instructions: For the puree: Combine the ancho and water in a small bowl and let stand 30 minutes. Drain well, reserving the soaking liquid. Remove the seeds and stems and puree in a food processor with the garlic, cilantro and 12 cup of the liquid, adding more if needed.nFor the sauce: Melt the butter in a medium or large nonreactive saucepan over medium heat. Saute the celery, carrot and onions until the celery and carrot are tender and the onions are translucent, about 7 minutes. Add the peppercorns and continue cooking 2 more minutes. Add the port, red wine, cranberry juice concentrate, ancho puree, sugar and stock, stirring constantly and making sure to scrape the bottom of the pan. Cook until the mixture is reduced by half, strain, season to taste with salt and pepper and fold in the blackberries.nFor the chicken: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. In a mixing bowl, combine flour, chile powder and season with salt and pepper. Season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper.nSaute 2 cloves of garlic and spinach. Cool down over ice.nDivide the spinach among the chicken breasts, placing it in the center of each. Roll up the meat and tie with kitchen string. Dredge the rolls in the flour mixture and shake off the excess.nIn a large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat, heat the oil until almost smoking and sear the rolls until slightly crusty, about 1 minute on each side. Place the pan in the oven and cook the meat an additional 8 minutes for medium. Let rest before slicing.nFor the potatoes: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Brush scallions with some of olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place on a sheet pan and roast for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and coarsely chop. Toss the potatoes with the remaining olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until just a bit overcooked but not brown. As soon as they come out of the oven, place the potatoes in a large mixing bowl, add the garlic, scallions, and butter. Smash with a potato masher to achieve a rustic texture, not smooth. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 ancho chiles, 4 cups boiling water, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 celery stalks, diced fine, 1 medium carrot, diced fine, 2 small yellow onions, diced fine, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 1 cup port wine, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup cranberry juice concentrate, 12 cup ancho puree, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 cup fresh blackberries, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons cascabel chile powder, Salt and pepper, 4 Frenchcut chicken breasts, 1 pound fresh spinach, washed and stems removed, 14 cup olive oil, 12 scallions, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 16 new potatoes, quartered, 1 head roasted garlic, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened], title: Pan Roasted Chicken with Crushed BlackberryAncho Sauce and Green Onion Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 22988: {instructions: Store in an airtight container.nIn a bowl combine 14 cup of any 8 of the following items:nUnsalted nuts, peanuts, cashews, or almonds., ingredients: [Sunflower seeds, Dried cranberries, Dried cherries, Dried apricots, Raisins, Mini chocolate chips, Mini pretzels, Multi grain Cheerios, Whole wheat Chex cereal, Granola], title: Trail Mix, picturelink: null}, 22989: {instructions: Line a 9by5by3inch loaf pan with an overhanging piece of parchment paper to easily remove the bars.nIn a food processor, pulse together the dates, almonds, walnuts, cocoa powder, hemp seeds, maca powder, salt and water until the mixture starts to clump together. Pulse in the chocolate chips. Transfer the date mixture to the prepared pan and, using a greased piece of parchment paper, press down firmly to spread evenly.nRefrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes. Remove the date bar from the pan and cut evenly into 6 bars. Drizzle the bars with melted chocolate and sprinkle with chestnut flakes if using., ingredients: [1 cup packed soft whole dates, such as Deglet, pitted, 12 cup raw almonds, 12 cup raw walnuts, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons raw hemp seeds, 2 tablespoons maca powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons water, 14 cup mini chocolate chips, Melted dark chocolate, for drizzling, optional, Chestnut flakes, for sprinkling, optional see Cooks Note], title: BrownieMaca Energy Bars, picturelink: 6eIPX9MHydfDwgdp5LWlv1kuK4Hp9S}, 22990: {instructions: Make the applesauce: Cut the apples into 1inch pieces. Remove 3 wide strips zest from the lemon with a vegetable peeler transfer to a saucepan and squeeze in the lemon juice. Add the apples and cinnamon stick, cover and cook over medium heat until soft, 15 to 20 minutes. Uncover and increase the heat to medium high. Continue to cook, mashing and stirring the apples, until they thicken, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the cinnamon stick, then pass the apples through a food mill or puree in a food processor. Set aside until ready to serve.nMeanwhile, make the latkes: Grate the potatoes, parsnips and onion using the medium grater attachment of a food processor or the large holes of a box grater. Squeeze the mixture by the handful over the sink to remove any excess liquid. Mix with the garlic, eggs, parsley and chives in a large bowl, then add the flour and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Shape into 12 thin patties, squeezing to remove any remaining liquid as you form each one lay on a sheet of parchment.nHeat 14 inch of peanut oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry the latkes in batches until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels and season with salt while hot. Serve with the cinnamon applesauce.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [3 pounds mixed red apples, unpeeled, 1 lemon, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 pound about 2 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 12 pound about 4 parsnips, peeled, 12 medium onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying], title: ParsnipPotato Latkes With Cinnamon Applesauce, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 22991: {instructions: Special equipment: An 8inchsquare baking dishnFor the dough: Combine the flour, Parmesan, sugar and salt in a food processor and pulse until mixed. Add about one third of the chilled butter and process until thoroughly combined the mixture will be slightly yellow. Add the remaining chilled butter and pulse until the mixture resembles a very coarse meal with peasize bits of butter. Add the parsley and vinegar in a single pulse. Gradually add the ice water through the feed tube pulsing just until evenly combined. Squeeze a handful of the dough together, it should just hold its shape and be a little crumbly. If still very powdery, pulse again, adding up to 2 tablespoons ice water.nTurn the dough out onto a work surface. Pat about two thirds of the dough into a square about 12inch thick. Repeat with the remaining third of dough. Wrap each piece tightly in plastic wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or up to 2 days.nAdjust the oven rack to the bottom position and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter an 8inchsquare baking dish.nFor the collard filling: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the collard greens in batches, stirring between each addition to submerge the greens. Return to a boil and cook until the greens are bright green and just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and shake off any excess water. Let cool completely. Gently squeeze out only some of the excess liquid from the greens and transfer to a large bowl. Add the sausage, scallions, butter, hot sauce and 34 teaspoon salt and toss to combine.nFor the corn filling: Whisk together the flour, cornmeal, egg, melted butter, sugar, baking powder, salt and 34 cup of the cream in a medium bowl until smooth. Stir in the Cheddar.nTo assemble the pie: Let the dough pieces stand at room temperature for a few minutes until slightly softened to make rolling easier. Place the larger piece of dough between two large pieces of floured parchment. Roll into a rough 14inch square if the dough gets too soft, pop it in the fridge to firm up, then continue rolling. Roll the smaller piece into a rough 12inch square.nTransfer the larger piece of dough to the prepared baking dish. Gently press the dough into the bottom and up the sides of the dish, leaving some overhang. Brush the bottom and sides with the remaining 1 tablespoon cream. Add the corn filling and spread evenly. Pile the collard filling on top and spread evenly. Put the remaining dough over the filling, lining up the edges with the bottom piece of dough as best you can. Pinch the edges together, trim any excess, then fold and crimp the edges to form a tight seal. Brush the top and edges of the crust with the egg and cut decorative slits in the top of the pie.nBake until the crust is deep golden brown and the filling bubbles out a little through the slits, 50 to 60 minutes. If the crust browns too quickly, cover the pie loosely with foil. Let cool at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 sticks 1 12 cups cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch dice, plus more for greasing the baking dish, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon white or cider vinegar, 13 cup ice water, plus more if needed, Collard Filling:, Kosher salt, 2 pounds collard greens, stems removed and leaves cut into 12inchthick ribbons, 2 links andouille sausage, diced, 4 scallions, sliced, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, Corn Filling:, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 12 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Collards and Corn Slab Pie, picturelink: kWQKPqhJzJB6Gy9pPUX23wTT17RPyjW}, 22992: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a large sheet of parchment.nIn a food processor, pulse the sugar to make it fine or use extrafine sugar and set aside. In a medium glass bowl, whip the egg whites with an electric mixer on low speed until foamy, not quite making peaks. Add half of the sugar and whip until stiff peaks form. In a small bowl, sift the remaining sugar with the cornstarch. Add to the egg whites along with the vanilla and vinegar and blend until incorporated.nSpoon the mixture into 4 piles on the prepared baking sheet. Use a spoon to create a well in each pile. Bake for 40 minutes, and then turn off the oven and leave the pavlovas in the oven untouched for another 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool.nMeanwhile, whip the cream until it makes soft peaks. Top the cooled pavlovas with the whipped cream and strawberries. Make a quick sauce by thinning the jam with the hot water and drizzle over the pavlovas. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 2 egg whites, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon distilled white vinegar, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup sliced strawberries, 14 cup apricot jam, 2 tablespoons hot water], title: Berry Pavlovas, picturelink: lOMuIeV807X.EFclpeyzpgOxpF53E0O}, 22993: {instructions: Whisk the eggs with the flour, sesame oil, sesame seeds, salt, and pepper. Let mixture rest for 10 minutes, until foam settles. Put the egg mixture in a squeeze bottle.nHeat a nonstick pan over medium low heat and brush with olive oil. Drizzle the egg mixture in the pan in a zigzag motion to create a lace pattern. Cook for approximately 1 minute, and set aside. Repeat with remaining batter.nTo assemble the rolls, lay a crepe on a flat surface. Place mint and basil leaves on crepe. Arrange the vegetables and tofu on the crepe and start rolling the crepe into a cylinder. Cover each roll with plastic wrap to keep moist while making the rest of the rolls.nTo make the dipping sauce, combine the vinegar, star anise, and sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, and let simmer for 5 to 7 minutes until it reaches syrup consistency. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.nBlend the pumpkinseeds, cilantro, sambal chili, and vinegar syrup in the blender until thick. Season with salt.nTo serve, place vegetable lace crepe on a plate, and drizzle sauce around plate. Serve fruits as a light refreshing side., ingredients: [8 eggs, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon black sesame seeds, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, 1 cup fresh mint, 12 cup fresh basil, 2 carrots, shredded, 1 cup shredded jicama, 1 cup pea sprouts, 1 cup julienne red and yellow bell pepper, 1 cup julienne cucumber, 1 cup diced firm tofu, 14 cup rice vinegar, 1 piece star anise, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup toasted pumpkinseeds, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon sambal chili sauce, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Fresh Vegetable Salad Roll Wrapped in Egg Lace Crepe, picturelink: null}, 22994: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the marinade: In a gallon resealable bag, combine all the ingredients and marinate for 1 hour at room temperature. Drain well and pat dry.nFor the stew: In a large Dutch oven over medium heat, add the oil and the onions and cook until translucent. Remove from the pot and reserve.nIn batches if needed, do not crowd, add the steak to the pot and cook for 4 to 5 minutes per batch, turning to evenly and deeply brown. Adjust the heat as needed. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons flour and stir to coat well.nDeglaze the pan with the whiskey and 12 cup of the beef stock, scraping any bits from the bottom. Add the remaining stock and return the onions to the pot. Add the bay leaves, thyme and savory and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer, reduce the heat to low, cover and cook for 2 hours, stirring occasionally.nAfter 2 hours have passed, add the potatoes, turnip and carrots. Cover and cook for an additional 35 to 45 minutes.nAdd in the vinegar and salt, to taste.nIn a measuring cup, combine the buttermilk and cream and whisk in the remaining 3 tablespoons flour. Add to the stew, stirring gently to combine, and cook for an additional 5 to 6 minutes. Turn off the heat, add in 2 tablespoons butter and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds hanger steak, cut into 2inch cubes, trimmed as needed, 12 cup Irish stout, 14 cup applejack recommended: Lairds, 14 cup whiskey recommended: Jack Daniels, 2 tablespoons stoneground Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons agave, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons fresh cracked black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, cut into 34inch dice, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, divided, 13 cup whiskey recommended: Jack Daniels, 4 cups beef stock, divided, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, crushed fine, 12 teaspoon dried savory, crushed fine, 4 red potatoes, washed and quartered, 1 turnip, peeled, halved and sliced into 12inch half rounds, 2 large carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch coins, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Double Jack Stew, picturelink: StbDhnSLlTJAaRkGc4IZ7wdiZMfhtWW}, 22995: {instructions: For the brine: Bring 4 cups water, the salt, peppercorns, garlic and chiles to a boil. Stir until the salt is dissolved. Remove the brine from the heat and cool slightly. Stir in the ice cubes. The brine should be cold when you add the chicken. Add the chicken, cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.nMeanwhile, for the lemony fennel slaw: Whisk the mayonnaise, lemon zest, lemon juice and sugar in a large bowl. Add the cabbage, fennel, fronds and parsley in a large bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the brine, rinse well with cold water and pat dry. Place the chicken skinside up on a baking rack set over a baking sheet. Refrigerate the chicken for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours. This will allow the chicken skin to dry out and produce a crisper crust on the grill.nMeanwhile, for the chile oil: Combine the oil, peppercorns, chiles, garlic, oregano and salt in a small saucepan over low heat and simmer. Remove the saucepan from the heat and keep at room temperature for at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours. Transfer the oil to a blender and blend until smooth. Drain the oil into a bowl.nHeat the grill for direct medium heat and indirect grilling. If using charcoal, make sure the bottom vents and top vents of the grill are open.nRemove the chicken from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling. Brush the chicken with 3 tablespoons of the chile oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the chicken skinside down over the coals, on direct heat. Grill the chicken until the skin is golden brown and crispy, about 10 minutes. Flip the chicken and move it over the indirect heat. Cover the grill and cook the chicken until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 160 degrees F, about 30 minutes. Add coals as necessary to maintain the grill temperature at about 400 degrees F.nTransfer the chicken to a cutting board wait 10 minutes before carving. Carve the chicken and drizzle with the remaining chile oil. Garnish the chicken with grilled lemon halves and parsley leaves. Serve with the lemony fennel slaw on the side., ingredients: [1 cup kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, plus more for seasoning, 1 head garlic, halved lengthwise, 4 whole chiles de arbol, crushed, 4 cups ice cubes, One 3pound whole chicken, butterflied, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 small head Savoy cabbage, thinly sliced, 1 small bulb fennel, thinly sliced, 14 cup fennel fronds leaves, 12 cup fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 whole black peppercorns, 6 dried chiles de arbol, lightly toasted and crushed, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 lemons, halved and grilled, Parsley leaves], title: Brined Butterflied Chicken Alla Diavola with Lemony Fennel Slaw, picturelink: VtApbOu4RN9HLCZqd3q6PXGGY363lq}, 22996: {instructions: Pour 12 cup of the orange juice into a small pot and heat over medium flame until hot remove from heat. Sprinkle the gelatin on top of the hot orange juice, give it a stir, and let stand for 5 minutes to soften.nCombine the yogurt, ricotta, vanilla, brown sugar, orange zest, and the gelatin mixture in a food processor and process until smooth, thick, and custardlike.nPut the angel food cake in a trifle bowl and push it down so it sits on the bottom. Pour the remaining 12 cup of orange juice over the cake to moisten. Spoon the yogurt custard over the cake to cover. Chill in the refrigerator to set up.nTo make the blueberry compote: Combine the blueberries, sugar, and lemon juice in a pot over medium heat. Stir gently until the berries breakdown and release their natural juice the consistency should remain a bit chunky. Set aside to cool.nTop the chilled trifle with the blueberry compote and garnish with fresh mint., ingredients: [1 cup orange juice, 2 teaspoons 1 envelope powdered gelatin, 1 12 cups plain nonfat yogurt, 1 15ounce container lowfat ricotta cheese, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 orange, zest finely grated, 1 storebought angel food bundt cake, 2 pints fresh blueberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: BlueberryOrange Trifle, picturelink: zfUmT5FeqqdmAadCVTDDeY4Ujcdb64e}, 22997: {instructions: Heat fat or over medium high heat. Add flour all at once whisking vigorously. When mixture thins and starts to bubble, reduce heat to low and cut back on the whisking. Cook until you smell a toasty aroma then cook 2 minutes more, stirring occasionally.nRoux can be used immediately to thicken a liquid that is at or below room temperature. To thicken a hot liquid, allow roux to cool to room temperature, or refrigerate.nTightly wrapped, roux can be refrigerated for up to a month. Simply break off pieces and use as needed., ingredients: [4 tablespoons of pan drippings andor butter, 6 tablespoons flour], title: White Roux, picturelink: null}, 22998: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter and cook the chorizo, garlic, celery, onion, carrot and poblano for 3 minutes or until lightly browned. Transfer to a mixing bowl and add the cornbread, thyme, sage, cilantro, egg and stock and mix well. Place in 12 by 15inch baking pan and bake for 25 minutes.nIn a hot skillet combine cranberries and brown sugar, cook until berries start to pop. Add all other ingredients, except cilantro, and heat, add a spoon of water if sauce appears dry. Just before serving, toss in the cilantro.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a hot roasting pan, melt the butter and oil. Season the hens with salt and pepper to taste and sear until browned all over. Place, breast side down in the pan and roast for approximately 12 to 14 minutes. Check for doneness by seeing if juices run clear when bird is tipped. Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes. Plate hens alongside of the dressing and serve with the relish., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, 1 pound chorizo, finely diced, 6 garlic cloves, finely diced, 14 cup finely diced celery, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 14 cup diced carrot, 1 poblano, finely diced, 1 recipe blue cornbread, crumbled, 1 teaspoon coarsely chopped thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon coarsely chopped sage leaves, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped cilantro, 1 egg, 12 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup fresh cranberries, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 large mango, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely diced red onion, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro, 14 cup fresh lime juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 Cornish game hens, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Pan Roasted Cornish Hen with Blue Corn Chorizo Dressing with Cranberry Mango Relish, picturelink: null}, 22999: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 ice cube traysnFill two ice cube trays with apple cider and freeze 8 hours or overnight. You may need a bit more or less of the cider, depending on the ice cube tray that you use.nMeanwhile, heat the sugar, cinnamon and 13 cup water in a saucepan over medium heat, whisking the entire time. Cook until the mixture begins to bubble, then remove it from the heat. Allow it cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes.nCombine the cranberry juice, vodka, orange juice, cinnamon sticks and the cinnamon simple syrup in a large punch bowl or pitcher. Stir well and refrigerate for a few hours before servingthis will marry the flavors. Before serving, add the apple cider ice cubes and cranberries to the bowl or pitcher., ingredients: [2 cups apple cider, or more as needed, 13 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 cups cranberry juice cocktail, 1 12 cups vodka, 12 cup orange juice, 6 cinnamon sticks, 1 cup fresh cranberries], title: Vodka Cranberry Punch with Apple Cider Ice Cubes, picturelink: VEs7zeCVH9jt9pFEmf5jOWw2a3EI0Hi}, 23000: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the bananas, cherries, yogurt, honey, ginger and ice cubes in a blender, and puree until smooth., ingredients: [1 14 cups sliced banana about 1 12 medium bananas, 1 cup frozen cherries, 34 cup plain nonfat Greek yogurt, 4 teaspoons honey, 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 4 ice cubes], title: Cherry Banana Smoothie, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 23001: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450.nGrease on 8inch square baking pan or small baking sheet.nPut the flour, baking powder and salt into a large mixing bowl. Add the vegetable shortening and toss it to coat with the flour. Break the chunk into 5 or 6 smaller chunks and start rubbing the flour and shortening together with your fingers and letting the mixture fall back into the bowl. This does not take long when the mixture looks like irregular lumps you have mixed enough.nAdd the milk all at once and stir to moisten all the flour and shortening. Dust a surface with flour, turn the dough onto the surface and knead the dough ten times.nPat the dough into a circle about 12 to 34 of an inch thick. Cut the biscuits with a twoinch cookie cutter and place on the prepared pan with a little space between the biscuits.nBake 1518 minutes or until the tops are lightly browned.nServe hot with butter and honey., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 13 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup whole milk], title: Baking Powder Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 23002: {instructions: In a bowl combine the mayonnaise, yogurt, marmalade, lemon juice and pepper. Add peach slices, blueberries and turkey toss until well coated. Serve on lettuce leaves, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup light mayonnaise, 12 cup plain lowfat yogurt, 14 cup orange marmalade, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 medium peaches about 1 pound, cut in wedges about 3 cups, 1 pint blueberries, 2 cups cubed smoked turkey about 8 ounces], title: Creamy Smoked Turkey and Blueberry Salad, picturelink: null}, 23003: {instructions: In a saucepan combine water and cocoa powder. Boil for 15 minutes and add espresso and sugar to taste. Chill until ready to serve. Pour coffee into glasses and top with shot of Madeira., ingredients: [2 cups water, 14 cup cocoa, 2 shots of brewed espresso, Sugar to taste, Shot of Madeira], title: Iced Coffee, picturelink: null}, 23004: {instructions: Soak the rice in a bowl of hot water, about 5 minutes. Drain, rinse and shake dry.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the rice and toast, stirring, 8 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, puree the garlic, onion and tomatoes in a blender. Add to the rice and cook until absorbed, about 3 minutes. Add 3 12 cups water, the jalapeno and a pinch of salt cover and cook over medium heat until the rice is tender, about 10 minutes.nRemove the skillet from the heat. Uncover and place a clean towel over the rice, then recover and let stand 15 minutes. Fluff the rice with a fork serve with the jalapeno, if desired.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 cups longgrain white rice, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 clove garlic, roughly, chopped, 12 white onion, chopped, 4 plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, halved, Kosher salt], title: Mexican Rice, picturelink: 24RWFnLFBv6fEp43ze2wnXgTH7ltRy}, 23005: {instructions: In a small bowl, place the dry porcini mushrooms and two cups of hot water until the mushrooms are tender, about 12 hour. Remove the mushrooms from the water and dice. Pass the mushroom water through a fine sieve and reserve.nIn a saute pan over medium high heat, add the garlic, olive oil, and 1 ounce of butter. When the garlic begins to saute, add the shiitake and porcini mushrooms. Cook for three minutes, add the white wine and continue to saute until the wine is almost completely evaporated.nFollow the basic risotto recipe, and when beginning to add the vegetable stock to the risotto, add the Sauteed mushrooms, and the mushroom water stirring continuously with a wooden spoon. When the risotto is cooked al dente, add the butter, chopped Italian parsley and Parmesan cheese, continue stirring until a creamy consistency appears. Serve on a platter or in individual bowls., ingredients: [1 cup dry porcini mushrooms, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 ounces unsalted butter, 1 cup shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, Salt and pepper], title: Risotto con Funghi, picturelink: null}, 23006: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Roll the pie dough out to the size and shape of a 10inch pie tin. Lay the dough into the pan and prick the bottom with the tines of a fork. Place a sheet of waxed paper over the pie dough and weigh it down with pie dough weights or clean dry beans, and blind bake in the preheated oven for 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool thoroughly.nCombine the berries, sugar, cornstarch, spices, citrus juice and zest in a bowl and mix well. Sprinkle the cake crumbs on the bottom of the prebaked pie crust. Fill the pie shell with the berry mixture and bake at 375 degrees for 15 minutes.nWhile the pie is baking, combine the dry ingredients for the pecan crunch. Cut the butter into little cubes, add to the dry mixture and, with the palms of your hands, rub together to form large nuggets as big as peanuts, no larger than walnuts.nAfter the pie has baked for 15 minutes, sprinkle the crunch all over the top, reduce the oven heat to 350 degrees and bake an additional 45 minutes. If the crunch begins to darken too quickly, cover with aluminum foil. Cool the pie for at least an 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [12 recipe pie dough bottom crust only, 2 pints of huckleberries, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon grated fresh ginger root, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Juice and the grated zest of 1 orange, Juice and grated zest of 1 lemon, 12 cup dayold pound cake crumbs, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Blueberry and Pecan Crunch Pie, picturelink: null}, 23007: {instructions: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the crab, cornflakes, half the prosciutto, the mayonnaise, scallions, egg, 1 teaspoon salt and cayenne pepper, if using.nSpoon the filling into the bell pepper halves, dividing it evenly. Place the remaining prosciutto on top of the filling and drizzle with olive oil. Arrange the filled peppers in a single layer in a 13by9inch glass baking dish or small roasting pan. Pour the broth around the peppers. Bake until the peppers are tender, 40 to 45 minutes.nTransfer to a platter and serve., ingredients: [1 pound lump crab meat, 1 cup crushed cornflakes cereal, 6 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, chopped into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 4 scallions, thinly sliced 12 cup, 1 large egg, at room temperature, Kosher salt, 18 to 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, optional, 2 small red bell peppers, stemmed, halved lengthwise, seeds and ribs removed, 2 small yellow or orange bell peppers, stemmed, halved lengthwise, seeds and ribs removed, Olive oil, for drizzling, 1 12 cups lowsodium vegetable or chicken broth], title: Crab and ProsciuttoStuffed Peppers, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 23008: {instructions: Heat oven to 450 degrees F. Grease large baking pan.nCombine green onion, honey, soy sauce, chili sauce, oyster sauce, sesame oil, ginger and garlic in large bowl. Add wings toss to coat. Place wings with sauce in single layer in prepared baking pan. Bake, turning occasionally, 25 minutes or until chicken is evenly browned.nIncrease oven temperature to broil. Broil wings 6 inches from heat, turning occasionally, for 8 minutes or until sauce is thick enough to coat back of spoon. Remove wings to platter spoon sauce over., ingredients: [12 cup chopped green onion, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Asian chili sauce, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons dark Asian sesame oil, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 pounds chicken wings, cut in 2 pieces at joint], title: Sticky Wings, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 23009: {instructions: Drain the beans, discarding the water, and set them aside in a pot.nPlace the onion, celery, garlic and bay leaves in a medium mixing bowl. Drizzle the olive oil over them and let the mixture sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes.nPour the olive oil and vegetables over the beans and let sit at room temperature for 10 to 15 minutes. Add enough of the water to cover the beans and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer, add the salt and pepper, cover, and cook until the beans are tender, about 3 to 4 hours. Remove the bay leaves and serve the hot beans over the rice., ingredients: [1 pound dried red beans soaked overnight, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 1 12 celery stalks, diced, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped or minced, 2 bay leaves, 34 cup olive oil, 3 to 4 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 cups cooked rice], title: Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: null}, 23010: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a stainless steel mixing bowl. Adjust sugar and liquor, to taste. Pour liquid into large shallow stainless steel pan and place in freezer. When the top of the liquid forms an icy layer, scrape through entire pan with a fork. Return to freezer and let another frozen layer form scrape again with fork. Repeat freezing and scraping steps until all liquid is frozen. Fluff with a fork to create soft, snowy granita. Serve in a glass over vanilla bean ice cream with homemade cookies., ingredients: [4 12 cups tangerine juice, 14 cup sugar, to taste, 2 tablespoons Mandarin Napoleon or Grand Marnier liqueur, Vanilla bean ice cream, as desired, Homemade cookies, as desired], title: Granita of Tangerine, picturelink: null}, 23011: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large nonreactive bowl, whisk together salt, red wine vinegar, lemon juice, paprika, cumin, cayenne, and olive oil. Add carrots and stir until completely coated. Add raisins and cilantro and stir once more., ingredients: [12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 10ounce bag pregrated carrots, 12 cup loosely packed, chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup plumped raisins or currants], title: Carrot Quik Slaw, picturelink: NDQaXjVPr0gKEYGZ98p3KFEfruQ9Hcq}, 23012: {instructions: Put the lentils and water into a pan, stir well and bring to the boil. Skim off any froth that forms on the surface of the water with a spoon. Cover the pan with a lid and reduce the heat to a simmer. Simmer, stirring regularly, for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the lentils are just tender, adding more water as necessary.nWhen the lentils have cooked through, remove the pan from the heat, and use a whisk to break down the lentils. Set the mixture aside to thicken and cool.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a pan over a medium heat. Add the cumin seeds, and fry for 20 to 30 seconds, or until fragrant. Add the onion, chiles, and ginger, and fry for 4 to 5 minutes, or until golden brown.nBlend the garlic and tomatoes to a puree in a food processor. Add the puree to the pan, and stir well to combine. Add the turmeric, garam masala, coriander, and 3 12 ounces of water to the pan, and stir well to combine. Season the mixture with salt, to taste, and simmer over a medium heat for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the oil from the sauce has risen to the surface of the sauce.nAdd the cooked lentils to the sauce, and stir well, adding more water as necessary, to loosen the mixture. Bring the mixture to a boil, and season, to taste, with salt, and freshly ground black pepper. Stir in the chopped cilantro just before serving., ingredients: [9 ounces chana dal dried yellow split peas, rinsed until the water runs clear, 1 34 pints water, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 small onion, chopped, 3 to 4 whole green chiles, pricked with a knife, 1 34inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and cut into thin strips, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and left whole, 3 tomatoes, chopped, 34 teaspoon ground turmeric, 34 teaspoon garam masala, 1 12 teaspoon ground coriander, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Handful chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Tarka Dal, picturelink: null}, 23013: {instructions: In a skillet cook the bell pepper in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the garlic, and cook the mixture, stirring for 1 minute. In a bowl stir together the bell pepper mixture, ricotta and 2 tablespoons of the Parmesan with salt and pepper to taste. Let the filling cool.nSpread about 2 tablespoons of the filling on each crepe and roll them up jellyroll fashion. Arrange the crepes, seam sides down, in a buttered shallow baking dish just large enough to hold them in one layer, brush them lightly with butter, and sprinkle them with the remaining Parmesan. Bake the crepes in the middle of a preheated 400 degree oven for 20 minutes and serve them with the sauce., ingredients: [1 small green bell pepper, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 pound ricotta cheese, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Melted butter for brushing crepes, 6 crepes, 1 cup tomato sauce], title: Crepes with Ricotta and Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23014: {instructions: Serving Suggestion: Cinnamon ice creamnMake the Pound Cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 6cup loaf pan and line it with parchment or waxed paper.nIn a small saucepan, bring the orange juice and saffron to a boil then turn the heat off immediately and let steep 5 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, and salt. In a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter. Add 1 cup of the sugar and mix. With the mixer running at low speed, add the eggs one at a time. Working in alternating batches, and mixing after each addition, add the dry ingredients and 14 cup of the saffron spiked orange juice, trying to use all the threads in the orange juice. Mix just until smooth.nPour into the prepared pan and bake until raised in the center and a tester inserted into the center comes out dry and almost clean a few crumbs are OK, 65 to 75 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the glaze: In a small bowl, stir together the remaining 13 cup sugar and the remaining saffron spiked orange juice about 13 cup, until the sugar is dissolved.nWhen the cake is done, let cool in the pan 15 minutes it will still be warm. Run a knife around the sides of the pan. Set a wire rack on a sheet pan with sides to catch the glaze and turn the cake out onto the rack. Peel off the waxed paper. Using a turkey baster or pastry brush, spread glaze all over the top and sides of the cake and let soak in.nRepeat until all the glaze is used up, including any glaze that has dripped through onto the sheet pan. Let cool at room temperature or, wrapped in plastic wrap, in the refrigerator.nThe cake will last up to a week, wellwrapped with plastic wrap.nMake the Lemon Caramel Sauce: Pour the sugar into the center of a deep saucepan. Carefully pour the water around the walls of the pan, trying not to splash any sugar onto the walls. Do not stir gently draw your finger twice through the center of the sugar, making a cross, to moisten it. Over high heat, bring to a full boil and cook without stirring until ambercolored caramel, about 10 to 15 minutes, swirling the mixture occasionally to even out the color.nAdd the lemon juice and vanilla and wait for the caramel to bubble and subside. Let the caramel cool.nTo serve, cut the pound cake in thin slices and serve with scoops of cinnamon ice cream and a drizzling of lemon caramel sauce., ingredients: [10 tablespoons orange juice, 2 pinches saffron, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, softened at room temperature, 1 13 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 vanilla bean, split], title: Saffron Pound Cake with Lemon Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23015: {instructions: Special equipment: Strong scissors or poultry shearsnTo spatchcock the chicken, use strong kitchen scissors or poultry shears and cut down either side of the spine. Pull out the spine, turn the chicken over and press down on the breast of the chicken to flatten it out to one thickness.nWhisk together the olive oil, lemon juice and zest, garlic, oregano, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Put the chicken in a gallonsize resealable plastic bag in a rimmed dish. Pour in half of the marinade, reserving the rest for serving later. Seal the bag and rotate it around to evenly distribute the marinade. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and discard the marinade. Pat the chicken dry with paper towels and season generously all over with salt and pepper let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPrepare a grill for medium indirect heat: For gas grills with 3 or more burners, turn all the burners to mediumhigh heat after about 15 minutes turn off one of the middle burners and turn the remaining burners down to medium. For charcoal grills, bank one chimney starterfull of lit and ashedover charcoal briquettes to one side of the grill. Set up a drip pan on the other side to avoid flareups. Be sure to consult the grill manufacturers guide for best results.nPlace the chicken skinside up on the indirect side of the grill with the legs facing the hotter side. Cover and cook until an instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the thigh avoiding the bone reads 150 to 160 degrees F almost cooked through, about 50 minutes.nMove the chicken over to the directheat side of the grill. After 2 minutes, flip the chicken to char and crisp up the skin side, another 3 or 4 minutes. Check that the temperature in the thigh is now at least 165 degrees F. If it is not, then move the chicken back to the indirect side, cover and cook until the final temperature is reached. Remove from the grill let rest 20 minutes before carving.nStir the scallions and dill into the reserved marinade. Drizzle over the chicken or serve on the side., ingredients: [1 whole chicken 3 12 to 4 pounds spatchcocked, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 2 lemons and zest of 1, 3 garlic cloves, finely grated, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 scallions, sliced, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh dill], title: Grilled Spatchcocked Greek Chicken, picturelink: 2PRDfMkbnSxA0yOx6kg6wbKm.ZEH6}, 23016: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the salsa: In a small saucepan, bring the vinegar and saffron to a boil for 1 minute. Pour into a bowl and whisk in the olive oil slowly allowing it to incorporate and emulsify. Add the olives, lemon, and pepper. Set aside.nMake the lamb: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nUsing a knife, make 8 deep slits into the meatiest parts of the lamb. Rub the lamb all over with the oil, oregano, lemon, and salt. Tuck the rosemary and garlic into the slits.nPlace the lamb on a rack in a roasting pan and roast until well browned, about 30 minutes. Lower heat to 350 degrees F. and roast about 10 to 15 minutes more per pound. Alternatively, roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part without touching the bone, reads 130 to 135 degrees F. for medium rare, 140 to 150 for medium. Add about a cup water to the roasting pan to keep drippings moist, if desired. Remove the lamb from the oven when its about 5 degrees shy of preferred doneness. The internal temperature will rise as the meat rests.nTransfer the lamb to a cutting board, cover with foil, and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the roasting pan over high heat. Pour in the wine, and cook, scraping up the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, until reduced slightly. Skim fat from the juices.nThinly slice the lamb and transfer to a warmed platter. Pour the juices over the lamb and top with the salsa. Serve immediately with orzo or white rice., ingredients: [1 cup Champagne vinegar, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, 2 cups olive oil, 1 cup oilcured olives, pitted and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon preserved lemon, diced small, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 1 5 to 6 pound leg of lamb, trimmed of excess fat, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, crumbled, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, l lemon, juiced, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 small sprigs rosemary, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 cup red wine], title: Roasted Leg of Lamb with Saffron and Olive Salsa, picturelink: C55e.7t7GqwRdAjpzOFnY6Fk6xi7FB2}, 23017: {instructions: INDOOR: Prepare chicken as directed. Preheat broiler. Place chicken breast fillets on foil lined baking sheet or broiler pan. Broil 6 to 8 inches from heat source for 2 to 4 minutes per side. Do not over cook.nRinse and pat dry breast fillets. Pound to 12inch thick set aside.nIn a small bowl mix together remaining ingredients. Pour marinade mixture into large ziptop bag and add chicken. Squeeze out air and place in refrigerator 1 to 2 hours.nSet up grill for direct grilling over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking. Remove chicken from refrigerator and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPlace chicken on hot oiled grill and cook 2 to 3 minutes per side or until done., ingredients: [4 boneless skinless chicken breast fillets, 3 tablespoons light olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemonade concentrate, 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons herbs de Provence, 1 tablespoon citrus herb seasoning], title: Provence Style Chicken Breast Fillets, picturelink: null}, 23018: {instructions: Steep garlic in the vegetable oil by adding both at room temperature to a saute pan. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat and let sit for 10 minutes. Add all of the remaining ingredients except the fish. Let the marinade cool, then add the fish. Marinate for 6 to 8 hours, refrigerated. Season with salt and pepper. Preheat grill. Grill the fish on both sides until cooked through. Serve with Roasted Artichoke Ragout.nPoach the artichokes in water with lemon and salt. Drain and cool. Cut the artichoke hearts into quarters. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Roast the artichokes in a pan with 1 tablespoon butter and salt and pepper.nSaute the garlic and shallots in 1 12 tablespoons of the butter. Add the artichokes and toss together. Add the veloute and pine nuts and bring to a gentle simmer. Add the herbs and adjust the salt and pepper. Swirl in the remaining 1 12 tablespoons butter., ingredients: [14 cup sliced garlic cloves, 2 cups vegetable oil, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 18 cup fresh orange juice, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 8 whole peppercorns, Twelve 8ounce pieces swordfish, Roasted Artichoke Ragout, recipe follows, 6 whole artichokes, cleaned, Lemon and salt, 4 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons sliced garlic, 3 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 14 quarts roasted chicken veloute sauce, 1 cup pine nuts, toasted], title: RosemaryCitrus Grilled Swordfish, picturelink: null}, 23019: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until very tender, about 25 minutes. Add minced garlic and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add chicken broth, tomatoes, and 6 tablespoons of grated Parmesan cheese. Simmer soup uncovered 20 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nLadle soup into bowls. Sprinkle with thinly sliced basil and remaining Parmesan., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 6 cups chicken broth, 34 28ounce can peeled plum tomatoes, drained, crushed, 6 tablespoons plus 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Thinly sliced fresh basil, for garnish], title: Tomato and Garlic Soup, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 23020: {instructions: Place cabbage stalks, parsley stalks, chilli and soya sauce and allow to stand at least 1 hour. Place clarified butter into frypan and add the onions, toss lightly and add the cabbage, stir and cook 1 minute, add soya sauce mixture. Stir until soya sauce is well distributed. Add the shrimps. Stir lightly with a fork, cover saucepan tightly, remove from heat. Mix eggs with cream, season with garlic, salt and pepper. Heat an omelet pan and add the butter and sufficient eggs and cream to make one omelet. Stir well and when evenly cooked but still moist and runny on top, add one portion of the prepared filling. Turn omelet onto dish, place a small piece of butter on top and garnish with parsley. Continue until 4 omelets are made., ingredients: [1ounce cabbage stalk, cut into matchstick slivers, 1 teaspoon parsley stalks, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon green chilli, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons soya sauce, 14 cup clarified butter, 1 12 ounces onion, finely sliced, 6 ounces white cabbage, finely sliced, 6 ounces shrimp, cooked and peeled, 8 eggs, 14 cup cream, Garlic, salt, white peppercorns, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Peter Rodenburg Omelet, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 23021: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrot, and celery and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, until the onions are soft and golden, just before caramelization. Add the red wine and stir well. Reduce the heat slightly and simmer for 5 minutes, or until the pungent smell of alcohol is gone.nAdd the tomatoes and break them down roughly with a wooden spoon. Add the 1 tablespoon parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Stir well and cook over low heat for 30 to 40 minutes until the sauce thickens and the flavors blend.nToss with 1 pound of justcooked pasta and serve garnished with more parsley and grated Parmesan., ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 red onion, roughly chopped, 1 carrot, roughly chopped, 2 celery stalks, roughly chopped, 13 cup red wine, 1 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes pelati, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh Italian parsley, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, for serving], title: Fake Sauce: Sugo Finto, picturelink: null}, 23022: {instructions: Arrange the vegetables to circle the centers of 4 chilled plates. Drizzle the beet syrup to the inside of the vegetables. Whisk the oil and vinegar in a medium mixing bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Toss in the mixed salad greens. Divide the salad in the center of the 4 plates., ingredients: [4 baby beets, roasted and split in half, 4 baby golden beets, roasted and split in half, 4 cipolini onions, roasted and peeled, 4 large baby carrots, roasted and split in half, 4 American red radishes, roasted and split I half, 2 tablespoons beet syrup, 2 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 8 cups small mixed salad greens], title: Roasted Root and Baby Green Salad, picturelink: null}, 23023: {instructions: Combine 12 cup each sliced dried apricots and dried cherries, 3 strips lemon zest, the juice of 1 lemon, a spoonful of sugar, 1 cinnamon stick and 2 tablespoons water in a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave 30 seconds. Toss with 2 segmented oranges, 2 sliced pears and a dash of vanilla let sit at least 30 minutes. Serve with yogurt.nServes: 4 does not include yogurt Calories: 181 Total Fat: 0.5 gram Saturated Fat: 0 grams Protein: 2 grams Total carbohydrates: 46 grams Sugar: 35 grams Fiber: 6 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 3 milligramsnPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Spiced Fruit Salad, picturelink: aiweAd15yORa.6vXbndu51E6CfypqE.}, 23024: {instructions: Special equipment: 32 icepop sticksnCombine the caramels, cream, butter and vanilla in a small slow cooker. Cook on low, stirring every 20 minutes, until the mixture is melted, about 1 hour.nCore the apples and slice into eighths. Skewer the icepop sticks into the apple slices. Dip the apple slices into the caramel sauce, letting excess drip off, then dip into the toppings of choice.nFor a cookies and cream flavor, Marcela coats the apples with crushed cookies and chocolate sauce.nFor a salted caramel apple, Katie sprinkles with chopped salted peanuts and sea salt.nFor a sweet take on breakfast, Jeff adds crushed cereal and mini white chocolate chips.nFor a Halloween treat, Sunny breaks up chocolate peanut butter bars and mini candycoated chocolates for dipping.nFor a caramel apple easier than pie, GZ dips his into brown sugar and cinnamon., ingredients: [Two 11ounce packages caramels, unwrapped, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 green apples, Crushed chocolate sandwich cookies, such as Oreos, Chocolate sauce, Chopped salted peanuts, Sea salt, Crushed cereal, such as Fruity Pebbles, Mini white chocolate chips, Brokenup candy bars, Mini candycoated chocolates, such as M and Ms, Brown sugar, Ground cinnamon], title: Caramel Apple Dip, picturelink: Fxkdfn6sWm8xMW21Gvxau2sTbs8cjLu}, 23025: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the coconut out on a baking sheet. Toast until golden, about 5 minutes. Remove from the baking sheet to a small bowl to cool.nWhisk together the honey, mint, lime zest and juice. Add the kiwis, banana, grapes, mango and pineapple and toss, making sure all the fruit is coated with the dressing. Sprinkle with the coconut before serving., ingredients: [34 cup sweetened coconut flakes, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons chiffonade of fresh mint, Zest and juice of 1 lime, 2 kiwis, peeled and sliced, 1 banana, peeled and sliced on the bias, 1 small bunch red grapes, 1 mango, peeled, pit removed and chopped, 12 large pineapple, peeled, cored and chopped], title: Tropical Fruit Salad with Honey and Lime, picturelink: FbrdYxftfoRBcTFfukCddshgngF2AO6}, 23026: {instructions: Season the chicken breasts generously with salt and pepper. Place the chicken breasts in the bottom of a slow cooker. Add the garlic and rice. Add the lemon juice to the water and stir. Pour this mixture over the rice and chicken. Stir once to coat. Place the lid on the slow cooker and set on low for 8 hours. To plate, place a serving of the rice on each plate and top with 1 chicken breast. Garnish with fresh parsley sprigs, ingredients: [1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, lightly pounded 3 to 4 ounces meat per person, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 cup wild rice blend, 14 cup fresh squeezed lemon juice, 2 14 cups water, 10 fresh parsley sprigs], title: Slow Cooker Lemon Garlic Chicken, picturelink: null}, 23027: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high. Combine the olive oil, garlic and rosemary in a shallow dish. Add the lamb, turn to coat and season with salt and pepper. Mix the parsley and olives in a bowl.nSqueeze the juice of 1 lemon into a bowl. Put the peppers skinside down on the grill cook until blistered, brushing with the lemon juice and seasoning with salt, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a platter.nMeanwhile, grill the remaining 2 lemons cutside down until charred, about 5 minutes set aside. Grill the scallions, turning, until tender, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and coarsely chop, then add to the olive mixture and season with salt and pepper.nGrill the lamb until marked, about 4 minutes per side for medium rare. A thermometer inserted into the thickest part should register 140 degrees F. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest, 5 minutes. Slice against the grain, add to the platter and top with the scallionolive mixture. Squeeze the grilled lemons on top.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 sprigs rosemary, leaves stripped, 1 12 pounds boneless lamb steak or skirt steak, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, 34 cup pitted green Spanish olives, coarsely chopped, 3 lemons, halved, 4 banana or Cubanelle peppers, halved lengthwise and seeded, 2 bunches scallions], title: Steak With Olive Salsa, picturelink: lbRQ.EH4BTrhVAE9.o6vtFa1deDjz6}, 23028: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, honey, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon olive oil and salt and pepper to taste. In a large bowl, combine the corn, beans, celery, basil, parsley and oregano. Fold to combine and toss with the dressing. Season to taste with additional salt and pepper. Transfer to the refrigerator until ready to serve.nCombine the berbere seasoning, smoked paprika, the remaining 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Brush the hake filets all over with the oil mixture.nPreheat a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the remaining teaspoon olive oil and swirl to coat. Add the hake, skinside down, and cook until the fish is cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Serve immediately with lime wedges, basil leaves and the cool bean salad., ingredients: [2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 ear corn, kernels cut off, One 15.5ounce can mixed beans, rinsed and drained, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, plus additional leaves for serving, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon roughly chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 14 teaspoons berbere seasoning, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or more to taste, Two 6ounce pieces hake, skinon, Lime wedges, for serving], title: BerbereRoasted Hake with Cool Bean Salad, picturelink: XEaMbGJbllOsl8zOS5mqDf0Rk0rfZK}, 23029: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly oil a 9by13inch casserole dish.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over high heat. When the oil is shimmering, add the beef and sprinkle with the chili powder, cumin, oregano, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, breaking up the meat into smaller pieces, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and garlic and cook until the onions are soft, about 5 minutes more. Add the beans, salsa and 12 cup water and bring to a simmer cook until the sauce thickens and coats the meat, about 5 minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste. This beefandbean mixture can be made up to a day ahead of time.nLay half the tortilla chips on the bottom of the oiled casserole dish. Spread half the meat mixture on top. Sprinkle half the cheese blend over the meat. Repeat with the remaining chips, meat and cheese. Bake uncovered until the cheese melts and the casserole is hot, about 20 minutes.nTop with sour cream, lettuce, tomato, avocado and pickled jalapenos if desired. Serve with more salsa and tortilla chips on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for greasing dish, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, One 15ounce can pinto beans, strained and rinsed, 2 cups jarred tomato salsa, plus more for serving, 6 cups yellow corn tortilla chips about 5 ounces, plus more for serving, 3 cups shredded Cheddar and Monterey jack blend, 1 cup sour cream, stirred well for easy dolloping, 1 cup shredded iceberg lettuce, 2 plum tomatoes, diced, 12 avocado, diced, 14 cup pickled jalapenos, chopped], title: Beef and Bean Taco Casserole, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 23030: {instructions: Cut bacon strips in half and lay them out on a cutting board. Break the bread sticks into 4inch lengths. Sprinkle the bacon with brown sugar so that the bacon is completely coated. Press the sugar onto the bacon with your fingers. Continue to sprinkle sugar and press it on until no more sugar will adhere.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees. Set a rack over a foillined baking sheet. Roll the bacon strips, sugar side in, around the bread sticks in a spiral fashion. Be sure to begin as close to the bread stick edge as possible and roll very tightly. Place seam side down on the rack. Bake about 20 minutes, but watch carefully so that the sugar doesnt burn in the last minutes of cooking. Remove them from the oven and let rest for an hour on the rack to become firm., ingredients: [1 pound highquality bacon strips, 1 large package grissinistyle bread sticks, 1 box dark brown sugar], title: BaconWrapped Bread Sticks, picturelink: null}, 23031: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spread the hazelnuts on a baking sheet and bake until toasted, about 7 minutes. Let cool slightly, then rub with a kitchen towel to remove the skins roughly chop and set aside.nFill a large bowl with ice water and set aside. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the haricots verts and cook until crisptender, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and immediately transfer to the ice bath let sit until cool, about 2 minutes. Drain and pat dry.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally with a rubber spatula, until golden brown flecks appear and the butter smells nutty, about 4 minutes. Add the hazelnuts and cook 30 seconds. Remove the hazelnuts and all but 2 tablespoons of the browned butter to a small bowl cover to keep warm.nAdd the broth to the skillet and season with 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil over high heat, then add half of the haricots verts and cook until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a platter using tongs. Repeat with the remaining haricots verts. Top with the hazelnuts. Season with salt and sprinkle with the lemon zest.nPhotograph by Chris Court, ingredients: [13 cup hazelnuts, Kosher salt, 2 pounds haricots verts, trimmed, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 34 cup lowsodium chicken or vegetable broth, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Brown Butter Haricots Verts, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 23032: {instructions: In a salmon poacher or large saucepot, mix the sake, celery, carrot, onion, sugar, bay leaves, peppercorns, soy sauce, and water, to cover. Add the seasoned salmon and slowly bring the liquid to a simmer. Simmer for 3 minutes then turn off the heat. Let stand for 5 to 10 minutes depending on doneness desired. I prefer medium rare 5 minutes. In a blender, add ponzu, shallots, 12 tablespoon togarashi, soy, and sugar. Blend on high speed and drizzle in the oil. Season with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, mix together fennel, somen, and scallions and toss with enough vinaigrette to coat the salad. There will be some left over for plating. Check for seasoning.nPlating: On a large plate, place a mound of the salad and top with hot salmon. Drizzle on a little of the vinaigrette and garnish with remaining togarashi and fennel fronds.nIn a bowl, mix together the wasabi aioli, salmon, and celery. Check for seasoning. Build the sandwich with the tomato and lettuce. Slice on the bias. Fry chips until golden brown and crisp. Season lightly with salt.nIn a food processor, add wasabi paste, garlic, ginger, vinegar, and yolks. While processor is on, drizzle in oil, slowly at first until it emulsifies then more quickly. Check for seasoning. Store in refrigerator. Plating: Serve sandwich with taro chips., ingredients: [1 cup sake, 1 celery, sliced, 1 peeled carrot, sliced, 1 small onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon toasted black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, Water, 4 8ounce salmon fillets, skin removed, center cut, Salt and white pepper, 12 cup ponzu, 3 large sliced shallots, 1 tablespoon togarashi, save some for garnish, 2 tablespoons Japanese soy sauce, 12 tablespoon sugar, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 fennel bulbs, shaved, fronds reserved for garnish, 1 pound blanched somen noodles, 12 cup sliced scallions, 3 to 4 tablespoons wasabi aioli, recipe follows, 2 cups poached salmon, 12 cup fine diced celery, 4 pieces foccacia bread, sliced and grilled, 2 tomatoes, thinly sliced, 1 head butter lettuce, washed and dried, Salt and black pepper, 1 large head taro, very thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon wasabi paste, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 egg yolks See Disclaimer, 1 cup canola oil, Salt and black pepper], title: Sake Poached Salmon with Somen and Fennel Salad Wasabi and Leftovers: Salmon Salad Sandwich with Taro Chips, picturelink: null}, 23033: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a large, shallow baking dish with cooking spray.nCut the peppers in half lengthwise, removing the seeds but leaving the stem. Although the stem is not edible it looks good in this dish and helps the pepper retain its shape. Place the peppers cut side up in the baking dish.nDivide the sliced garlic and the olives evenly among the peppers. Cut each tomato into 8 wedges and put 4 wedges into each pepper. Drizzle each stuffed pepper with a little oil and season with a few grinds of pepper.nRoast the peppers for about 50 minutes or until they are tender and beginning to brown around the edges., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 4 large red peppers, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped kalamata olives, 4 medium tomatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Tomato Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: UVcL6ZTXzIHGU3oFCm4mMWT67jy4ZS}, 23034: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet, heat oil over low heat. Add carrots and onion. Cover cook over medium low heat until vegetables are just tender, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Add vinegar, cover and cook until vegetables are very tender, about 10 minutes longer, or until the vinegar has reduced. Working in batches, add beets with their liquid, honey, and carrot mixture to blender. Puree. Transfer to large bowl. Mix in buttermilk. Season with salt and pepper. Chill until cold, about 3 hours. Can be made 2 days ahead, covered and chilled.nTo serve, ladle into bowls or mugs. Top with chives and sour cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, for frying, 3 medium carrots, peeled, chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, red wine vinegar or raspberry vinegar, 2 15ounce cans sliced beets with liquid, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 cups buttermilk or 2 cups milk plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and pepper, Garnish: chopped fresh chives and sour cream], title: Chilled Beet Soup with Chives, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 23035: {instructions: Preheat grill or grill pan.nUsing a sharp knife remove the tip and first joint of the wing of each chicken breast leaving the second joint still attached to the breast. Season each breast with salt and pepper. In a blender puree the chipotle chilies and adobo sauce until smooth. Brush the breasts with the chipotle puree reserving the remaining puree for later. Grill the chicken until cooked through and keep warm. Chicken can be finished in a 450degree oven if necessary.nCook enough grits to yield four cups according to package directions using 12 milk and 12 water for the liquid amount. Season cooked grits with salt and pepper and stir in 2 tablespoons butter.nBrush corn with remaining butter and grill until browned, about 5 to 8 minutes, rotating the ears occasionally. Cut grilled ears crosswise into 1inch medallions. In a saute pan melt remaining butter with minced garlic. Add the corn medallions and toss to coat for about 30 seconds.nIn a small bowl whisk together mayonnaise, milk and the reserved chipotle puree to taste.nArrange grilled chicken, grits and corn on serving plate. Garnish with cilantro leaves and drizzle of chipotle mayonnaise sauce., ingredients: [4 chicken breasts halves with wings attached, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small can chipotle chilies in adobo sauce, Quickcooking grits or white ground hominy, 5 to 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 to 4 husked ears of corn, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup prepared mayonnaise, 2 to 3 tablespoons milk, Cilantro for garnish], title: ChipotleRubbed Frenched Chicken Breasts with Silky Hominy and Corn Medallions, picturelink: null}, 23036: {instructions: 1. Place all ingredients into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure lid.n2. Select Variable 1.n3. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n4. Blend for 1 minute or until desired consistency is reached. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup 230 g vanilla light or nonfat frozen yogurt or ice cream, 14 teaspoon mint extract, 2 tablespoons 30 ml chocolate syrup, 2 teaspoons instant coffee grinds, 12 cup 120 ml milk, 1 cup 240 ml ice cubes], title: Mocha Mint Shake, picturelink: RrcZJt9vdGg2W6FcPWy9O66lnDZOOy}, 23037: {instructions: Drain the beans, discarding the water, and place them in a large pot.nPour the stock over the beans and bring to a boil. Add half the butter and boil about 5 to 7 minutes, covered. Add the water and shallot and return to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 60 minutes. Add the remaining butter and salt and pepper. Cook another hour until the beans are tender.nCover beans with cold water and soak overnight. Drain beans and place them in a saucepan, cover with cold water. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat to a simmer, and simmer until tender about 45 minutes. Drain and cool.nIn a food processor, chop garlic and the jalapeno. Add beans and with the motor running, process while slowly adding the water and oil through a feed tube. Add remaining ingredients and process until smooth. Adjust seasoning if necessary.nServe with pita triangles or tortilla chips.nTIP: REFRIED RED BEANS ., ingredients: [1 pound pinto beans, soaked overnight, 3 cups vegetable stock, 3 to 4 tablespoons butter, 3 to 4 cups water, 1 whole shallot, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 ounces dried kidney beans, 3 cloves garlic, 1 jalapeno pepper, cored and seeded, 14 cup water, 12 cup corn oil, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, Dash hot pepper sauce], title: Pinto Beans, picturelink: null}, 23038: {instructions: Season the chicken with salt and pepper and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon flour.nHeat 2 teaspoons oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until very hot cook the cutlets until opaque throughout, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Transfer the cutlets to a plate. Reserve the skillet. Reduce the heat under the skillet to medium.nAdd the remaining teaspoon oil and garlic to the same skillet cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Whisk together the broth, lemon juice and 1 teaspoon flour, and add to the pan. Simmer sauce until reduced and thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the vinegar, parsley and capers. Swirl in the butter until sauce is shiny and slightly thickened.nServe chicken with the sauce. Toss the arugula and freshly grated lemon zest with a light drizzle of olive oil season to taste with salt and pepper, scatter over chicken. Serve with pasta or potatoes as desired., ingredients: [1 pound chicken scaloppini about 4 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, divided, 3 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, zest reserved for optional garnish, about 2 tablespoons juice, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon capers, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Baby arugula for garnish, Wholewheat angel hair pasta or roasted potatoes, for serving], title: Chicken Piccata, picturelink: .oOjmiBDmY9vygbBjHqy.lTS6uAGDr.}, 23039: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a pint glass, mix together the peanut butter and chocolate syrup. Stir in the Kahlua until well blended. Stir in the vodka and rum and then add the almond milk. Fill a martini shaker with ice and add mixture. Shake vigorously until very well chilled. Drizzle the insides of a martini glass with chocolate syrup. Strain cocktail into the martini glass. Put 34 minimarshmallows onto a skewer and toast with a butane torch. Place over glass., ingredients: [1 tbs. creamy peanut butter, 1 tbs. chocolate syrup, 12 oz. Kahlua or coffee liqueur, 12 oz. dark rum, 12 oz. vodka, 1 oz. almond milk, Ice, Torched minimarshmallows for garnish], title: SMores Delight, picturelink: YWV4.mm2mburp3nS0nB3nFWBE4gX8am}, 23040: {instructions: Combine the flour, salt, and sugar in food processor. Add butter process until mixture resembles coarse meal, about 8 to 10 seconds. For hand method, place dry ingredients in large bowl. Add butter blend with pastry cutter until mixture resembles coarse meal.nAdd ice water in a slow steady stream through feed tube of food processor with machine running, until the dough holds together for no longer than 30 seconds. For hand method, mix dough with a wooden spoon, adding water until dough just holds together.nTurn dough onto piece of plastic wrap. Press into a disk, and. wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 1 hour. May be frozen, double wrapped in plastic, for several months., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 14 to 12 cup water], title: Pie Crust 101, picturelink: null}, 23041: {instructions: In a very small saucepan sprinkle gelatin over water and let stand about 1 minute to soften. Heat gelatin mixture over low heat until gelatin is dissolved and remove pan from heat.nIn a large saucepan bring cream, halfandhalf, and sugar just to a boil over moderately high heat, stirring. Remove pan from heat and stir in gelatin mixture and vanilla. Divide cream mixture among 8 heart shaped ramekins and cool to room temperature. Chill ramekins, covered, at least 4 hours or overnight.nDip ramekins, 1 at a time, into a bowl of hot water for 3 seconds. Run a thin knife around edge of each ramekin and invert ramekin onto center of a small plate. Garnish with raspberries., ingredients: [1 envelope unflavored gelatin about 1 tablespoon, 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup halfandhalf, 13 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, Raspberries, for garnish], title: Panna Cotta, picturelink: null}, 23042: {instructions: Melt the butter in the saucepan and add the mustard, salt and pepper, ale or beer and bring to a simmer. Add the cheese and the minute it has melted remove the saucepan from the heat. Pour over the toast and serve as is or place under the broiler to brown. Serve immediately with a glass of red wine or beer., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon good mustard, Salt and pepper, 14 cup beer or ale, 4 ounces grated Cheddar or Double Gloucester cheese, 2 thick slices grilled Italian bread], title: Welsh Rarebit, picturelink: null}, 23043: {instructions: Special equipment: one 1ounce ice cream scoop 10 to 15 lollipop sticksnFor the cheese sauce: In a medium saucepan melt the butter fully. Add the flour and stir until blended. Add the milk slowly, stirring until blended. Add cheese slowly, stirring until cheese is fully incorporated. Add salt and pepper to taste.nFor the mac and cheese pops: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta and drain. In a small pot, mix the pasta with cheese sauce. Cook for 5 minutes on medium heat, until it thickens.nPour into a bowl and refrigerate until the mix is firm. Scoop the mac and cheese with the ice cream scoop. Coat each of the balls with flour, followed by a bath in the egg wash. Then roll the balls in the breadcrumbs and place a lollipop stick in each ball.nFor the dipping sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, mustard, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce.nHeat enough oil to cover the pops in a skillet over medium heat. Place the pops in the oil. Fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Serve the pops with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [Salt, 8 ounces small pasta shells, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 6 eggs, whisked, 4 ounces panko, 2 cups mayonnaise, 2 cups wholegrain mustard, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Oil, for frying], title: Mac and Cheese Pops, picturelink: null}, 23044: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the sliced onion with ice water to cover and let soak for 30 to 45 minutes. Meanwhile, make the vinaigrette.nIn a glass bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, pepper, salt, and cayenne until thoroughly blended. Drizzle the olive oil over in a thin stream, whisking constantly until all the oil is incorporated.nDrain the soaking onions, pat them dry with paper towels, and separate into rings. In a large bowl, toss the tangerines and the watercress together gently. Drizzle over enough vinaigrette just to coat and toss again. Mound some salad onto the plate and scatter a few onion rings over the top., ingredients: [1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon style mustard, 2 teaspoons cracked black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Scant 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tangerines, peel and pith removed and cut into segments, 2 bunches watercress, coarse stems removed, washed and dried], title: Watercress and Tangerine Salad with Red Onions and Black Pepper Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 23045: {instructions: For the marinade: In a bowl, combine the papaya seeds, garlic, lime zest, lime juice, lemon zest, lemon juice, coconut cream, cilantro, and ginger, and mix thoroughly. Add the chicken breasts to the bowl, and toss to coat in the marinade. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and place in the refrigerator to marinate for a minimum of 1 hour or up to 24 hours.nFor the chicken: Heat and a grill over mediumhigh heat and lightly grease the grate with oil. Remove the chicken from the marinade, and lay the breasts on the hot grill. Discard the marinade. Baste each chicken breast with 2 tablespoons Papaya BBQ Sauce, and continue grilling, turning once and basting occasionally with the remaining sauce, until the meat is cooked through. Transfer the chicken to a serving platter and garnish the chicken with the chopped Spiced Cashew Nuts and cilantro leaves, if using.nHeat the oil in a pot over medium heat, and add in the onion. Cook, until the onions are translucent, stirring continuously to ensure the pieces do not brown. Sprinkle the sugar, scotch bonnet, lime zest, and lemon zest over the onions, and stir until the sugar dissolves. Pour in the lime juice, lemon juice, water and vinegar. Bring the ingredients to a boil. Add in the diced papaya, and adjust the seasonings with the salt, if desired. Bring the mixture to a boil again, reduce the heat, and allow the mixture to simmer for 15 minutes. Take the pan off the heat, and let the mixture cool slightly. Carefully transfer the mixture to a blender, and puree the sauce until smooth. Transfer the BBQ sauce to a bowl, and set aside.nIn a small frying pan, melt the butter over medium heat. Drop the cashews into the pan, and toast until golden brown. Remove the pan from the heat, then sprinkle over the paprika, and salt, and gently toss to coat., ingredients: [Seeds of 1 large papaya, 1 clove garlic, minced, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup canned coconut cream, skimmed from the top of the can See Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more as needed, 14 cup Papaya BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup Spiced Cashew Nuts, coarsely chopped, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, optional, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 sweet onion, finely diced, 34 cup sugar, 1 Scotch Bonnet pepper, seeded, deveined and quartered, Zest and juice of 2 limes, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 cup water, 12 cup seasoned rice wine vinegar, 5 cups large diced papaya, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon butter, 12 cup unsalted cashews, Pinch ground paprika, Pinch kosher salt], title: Chicken with Papaya BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23046: {instructions: Before youre ready to cook cut about 18inch off the thick ends if they look brown and rinse the fern shoots thoroughly to get rid of the brown fuzzy chaff that clings to their sides. Dry the shoots thoroughly before cooking by first spinning them in a lettuce spinner and then patting them with paper towels. Melt butter in a pan at medium heat. Add garlic, parsley and fiddleheads to the pan. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Saute for 5 minutes or until they are done., ingredients: [1 pound fiddlehead ferns, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon parsley, chopped optional, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Fiddlehead Ferns, picturelink: null}, 23047: {instructions: Mix together curry powder, ginger, tamarind paste, garlic, and cinnamon and add enough malt vinegar to form a thin marinade. Place meat in a 1gallon resealable plastic bag, pour in the marinade and mix thoroughly. Refrigerate for 24 to 36 hours. Longer is better.nMelt butter in large, deep pan and sprinkle with black pepper. Cook on medium for 1 minute. Add onions and cook on high until translucent. Blend in the tomatoes, pepper, and chiles and cook on high until tomatoes have rendered down, about 7 minutes.nPour in all of the marinade and meat. Bring up to a rolling boil and fold in the mushrooms. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 20 minutes. Add the pineapple and sea salt, add hot water if necessary, and simmer another 6 minutes. Serve over a bed of basmati rice and garnish with coriander leaves., ingredients: [3 tablespoons Madras curry powder, 2 teaspoons fresh grated ginger, 2 teaspoons tamarind paste optional, 4 cloves garlic, diced very small, 12 cinnamon stick, crushed, Malt vinegar, 2 12 pounds caribou tenderloin cut into 1 12inch cubes lean lamb can be substituted, 2 ounces butter, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 extra large onion, or 3 medium ones, chopped, 4 blanched plum tomatoes or 1 15 ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 very large, or 2 medium bell pepper, cut into 2 inch by 2 inch strips, 2 long green chiles, roasted, skinned, and sliced, 12 pound mushrooms, cut in half, 1 15ounce can pineapple chunks in syrup, strained, 1 teaspoon sea salt, Hot water, if necessary, Cooked basmati rice, as an accompaniment, Cilantro, for garnish], title: Caribou Bhajee, picturelink: null}, 23048: {instructions: Put a large pot of water on the stove over high heat for pasta. When water comes to a boil, add salt to water and cook pasta to al dente, with a bite to it.nIn a large, deep skillet, preheated over moderate heat, cook garlic, onion, and crushed pepper in extravirgin olive oil for 3 to 4 minutes. Add tomatoes and sauce or puree to the pan. When tomatoes come to a bubble, reduce heat to simmer. Season sauce with salt and pepper.nWhen pasta is cooked to al dente, drain well and set near stove. Sprinkle ribbons of sliced prosciutto and the green peas into the sauce. Stir to combine and heat peas through. Toss pasta with sauce and shredded basil. Keep turning pasta in sauce until basil wilts and pasta begins to absorb sauce, about 1 minute. Transfer pasta to a serving platter and garnish with a few whole basil leaves.nServe with salad and grated cheese, for passing., ingredients: [1 pound cellantani corkscrew shaped pasta with lines or, other lined pasta, 3 or 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons twicearoundthepan in a slow stream extravirgin olive oil, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce or tomato puree, Salt and pepper, 14 pound prosciutto di Parma, thinly sliced at deli counter, then cut into thin strips, 1 cup a couple of handfuls frozen green peas, 20 leaves fresh basil, shredded or torn, plus a few leaves to garnish, Grated peccorino Romano, for passing], title: Emmanuels Pasta, Peas, Prosciutto, and Onion, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 23049: {instructions: Soak 15 wooden skewers in cold water for 30 minutes. Heat the grill.nThread the meat onto skewers, season with salt and pepper, and coat with the pesto. Grill to desired doneness. You can also cook the meat to medium rare then finish it off in the oven just before the party.nIn a small pan over mediumlow heat, cook the butter, thyme, and garlic until the garlic is soft, about 2 minutes. Be careful not to let the garlic brown. Add the cream, raise the heat to medium, and bring the cream to a simmer. Cook until the cream is reduced by 13. Lower the heat to maintain a slow simmer. Add the cheese and stir until the cheese is melted and the mixture is smooth. Add the pepper and pour into a fondue pot set over low heat., ingredients: [1 12 pound skirt steak, cut lengthwise into 12inch slices, room temperature, 2 cups jarred pesto, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, Blue Cheese Fondue, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 pound Cambozola blue cheese, crumbled, or other blue cheese, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Pesto Marinated Skirt Steak with Blue Cheese Fondue, picturelink: null}, 23050: {instructions: Pound the boneless beef ribs to tenderize. Rub 3 to 4 tablespoons dry rub into each rib. Sprinkle garlic and pepper over each rib and let marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nPreheat a grill to 250 degrees F. Grill ribs for 10 minutes, then turn ribs and grill on other side for 10 minutes or until cooked to desired degree of doneness. Pour barbecue sauce over ribs after grilling, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [1 family size package boneless beef ribs, enough for 4 servings, 1 7ounce bottle BBQ dry rub recommended: Iron Works BBQ Dry Rub, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Your favorite barbecue sauce, optional], title: Iron Works BBQs Boneless Beef Ribs, picturelink: FVYk2QuaYgBSoKj.NgIvjVIPyPN2}, 23051: {instructions: In a skillet set over medium heat, heat the oil until hot, add the ham and cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until golden. Transfer to a platter to keep warm.nPour off fat from skillet, add coffee and BBQ sauce. Deglaze the pan, scraping up brown bits clinging to the pan. Pour over ham. Serve with buttermilk biscuits on the side., ingredients: [6 12inch thick slices hickorysmoked country ham, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 23 cup coffee, or beef broth or water, 1 tablespoon BBQ sauce optional], title: Ham with Red Eye Gravy, picturelink: null}, 23052: {instructions: Combine trout, onion, capers, lemon peel, pepper and salt in medium bowl. Stir in egg, cream and 12 cup bread crumbs to blend. Form mixture into 8 12inch thick cakes. Place remaining bread crumbs in shallow dish then roll cakes in bread crumbs, coating completely. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches cook fish cakes until golden brown about 3 minutes per side. Add more oil, as necessary, then serve with horseradish cream.nIn a medium serving bowl, combine sour cream, horseradish, paprika, chives, garlic, salt and pepper until blended., ingredients: [1 12 cups flaked smoked trout, 2 tablespoons chopped green onion, 2 teaspoons coarsely chopped drained capers, 12 teaspoon grated lemon peel, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup whipping cream, 1 cup panko bread crumbs pulsed in blender for couple seconds, divided, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more as needed, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons grated fresh or prepared horseradish, 18 teaspoon paprika, 18 cup chopped chives, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Trout Cakes with Lemon, picturelink: null}, 23053: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a medium gratin dish or baking dish, make a bed of herbs with the thyme, parsley and bay leaves, scatter the garlic on top. Reserve 4 parsley sprigs, for garnish. Season both sides of the fish with salt and pepper and lay on top of the herbs. Add in the vermouth, and drizzle 2 tablespoons of the oil over the fish, cover loosely with foil. Bake until the fish is opaque, about 20 to 22 minutes.nCarefully, pour the pan juices into a small saucepan and set the fish aside. Keep the garlic and 4 thyme sprigs for garnish. Bring the sauce to a boil, over high heat, reduce by about 12, about 5 minutes. Whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside. Debone the fish running a spoon handle along each side of the center bone, then lift the bone out. Peel side off and discard. Divide fish steaks in half crosswise, among 4 serving plates. Pour sauce over fish and serve with a dollop of tapenade, if using, on top and garnish with the thyme sprigs, garlic, and tomatoes.nTo make the tapenade: Combine the olives, oil, thyme, and lemon zest, stir to combine. Season with pepper and set aside., ingredients: [4 sprigs thyme, 8 sprigs parsley, 2 bay leaves, preferably fresh, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 1 pound halibut steaks, 1 14inch thick, from tail end of fish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup dry vermouth, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cherry or pear, red and yellow tomatoes, for garnish, Optional serving suggestion: Tapenade, recipe follows, 12 cup pitted and chopped kalamata olives, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Halibut with Wine and Herbs, picturelink: null}, 23054: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients, except for the olive oil and salt and pepper, into a medium size mixing bowl and mix well. Whisk the olive oil into the mixture in a slow steady stream until fully incorporated. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 cup chopped grilled red onions, 1 cup chopped roasted poblano chiles, 12 cup capers, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce, recommended: Cholula, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 4 cups olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Poblano and Red Onion Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 23055: {instructions: Use a vegetable peeler or a knife to peel the surface skin off of the horseradish. Using a microplane grater, grate up about 4 hefty tablespoons of the stuff. Add to your mayonnaise and add the lemon juice, hot sauce, salt and prepared horseradish. Cover, and let rest in the refrigerator until ready to use., ingredients: [1 5inch piece of horseradish root use about 4 big tablespoons, grated, 1 cup good mayonnaise, Juice of 14 lemon, Dash hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, Pinch sea salt, 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish], title: Horseradish Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 23056: {instructions: Make the sherbet:nCombine the sugar and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Let cool slightly, then whisk in the buttermilk and vanilla. Refrigerate until cold, then freeze in an ice cream machine.nUsing vegetable oil, generously oil a sheet pan preferably one with sides, at least 11 by 17 inches. In a heavy saucepan, big enough to accommodate the additional ingredients, combine the water, sugar, cream of tartar, and corn syrup and bring to a boil over medium heat. Using a candy thermometer, boil the mixture until it reaches 350 degrees F. Remove from the heat and, working quickly, whisk in the spices. Stir in the butter, peanuts, and baking soda. Pour the mixture onto the oiled pan and spread it out a bit with a wooden spoon, to about 14 to 12inch thickness. Dont spread it too thinly. Let harden, uncovered, in a cool place, 30 to 45 minutes. To wash the saucepan, soak it overnight. Using your hands, break the brittle into pieces. Store in an airtight container. Serve with scoops of sherbet., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups buttermilk, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Vegetable oil, 12 cup water, 2 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon toasted, ground ancho chile pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups roasted, salted peanuts, 1 teaspoon baking soda], title: Buttermilk Sherbet with Spicy Peanut Brittle, picturelink: null}, 23057: {instructions: Boil all the vegetables until soft. Drain and press through a food mill into a food mixer bowl, cool to room temperature. With the paddle attachment, incorporate the eggs, salt and anise. Stir while adding enough flour to create a dough that can be molded. Roll dough into a rod and divide into 6inch pieces. Form figure eights from the pieces, and deep fry until golden brown. Serve drizzled with Canela Syrup.nCombine all the ingredients for the syrup in a sauce pan. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and let simmer, uncovered, until the mixture is the consistency of syrup, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound yuca, peeled, large dice, 12 pound boniato, peeled, large dice, 12 pound malanga, peeled, large dice, 14 pound calabaza, peeled, large dice, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon star anise, ground, 12 cup to 1 12 cups all purpose flour, 12 cup canola oil for frying, Canela Syrup, recipe follows, 2 cups sugar, 4 cups water, 3 sticks cinnamon, 3 pieces star anise, 1 lemon, zested], title: Bunuelos Criollos, picturelink: null}, 23058: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the horseradish sauce: Combine the sour cream, horseradish, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate to develop the flavors.nFor the au jus: Combine the onion soup, beef broth, sugar, Worcestershire sauce, salt and 34 cold water in a saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat.nReduce heat and simmer 5 minutes. Taste and season with pepper and more salt if needed. Strain the mixture and discard the onions if there were any in the soup. Cover and keep warm.nFor the steak: Heat a grill or grill pan over high heat. Oil the grill pan if needed. Season the steak with salt and lots of black pepper. Grill the steak for 2 to 3 minutes per side for medium rare. Let the steak rest, then thinly slice.nSpread the horseradish sauce on one side of each baguette. Dip the steak slices in the warm au jus and place on top of the bread with horseradish sauce, then place the other slices of bread on top. Transfer the remaining au jus to two dipping bowls and serve with the sandwiches for dipping., ingredients: [12 cup sour cream, 34 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12 cups French onion soup, 1 12 cups beef broth, 12 teaspoon granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, plus more to taste, 18 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste, Freshly cracked black pepper, Olive oil, for the grill pan, 1 boneless ribeye steak about 8 ounces, 1inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 small baguettes, split in half lengthwise], title: French Dip Steak Sandwiches with Horseradish Sauce, picturelink: kvAjz38Y1lyj3rY23W337JiWd0EL3O}, 23059: {instructions: Place 2 scoops ice cream in each of 4 glasses. Fill each glass with soda.nTop each drink with whipped cream and sprinkles.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 pints vanilla ice cream, 1 1liter bottle Green River or other lemonlime soda, Whipped cream, for topping, Green sprinkles, for topping], title: Green River Floats, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 23060: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and rice and saute 4 minutes, stirring, so that the rice toasts and the garlic cooks. Add the chicken broth to the rice mixture, bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer. Cover and cook for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit covered another 5 minutes. Stir in the peanuts, scallions, and salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with Airman Andersons Chicken. Rice can be made 1 day ahead, then warmed and combined with other ingredients before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup white rice, rinsed, 2 cups chicken broth, 14 cup slightly crushed peanuts, 2 scallions, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Stormy Rice, picturelink: null}, 23061: {instructions: Place the flour in a large shallow bowl. Add 1 tablespoon oil and rub into it. Add water in a stream, first fast then slowly as the flour begins to adhere together. Gather the dough and knead until smooth, about 5 minutes, dusting with flour if it sticks. Brush with oil, cover and let dough rest for 15 minutes. To make the dough in the food processor, place flour and oil in the food processor. With the steel blade attached, machine running, add water in a thin stream through the feed tube. The flour will adhere together into a mass and a dough ball will form on the blades. Process for 1 minute, with on and off motion, to knead the dough. Carefully remove dough to a work surface.nRoll dough into 12inch long rope and cut into 12 equal parts. Roll each piece of dough into smooth balls. Or, alternatively, pinch off 1inch round portions of dough from the whole and roll into a smooth ball. Dust the balls lightly to prevent sticking. Keep the rest of the dough covered with a damp towel or plastic wrap to prevent drying out. Start heating the oil in a wok or a chicken fryer to 375 degrees. Working one at a time, pick up one ball, dust with flour and place on the work surface. Press firmly to flatten it, turning it once. Roll the patty into a thin round circle dusting often with flour to prevent sticking. Roll few breads the same way and keep them on the work board, covered, to prevent them from drying out. DO NOT STACK. Lift one bread and gently drop it in the hot oil. When the bread is puffed and the underside golden brown, turn with a slotted spoon and fry the other side. Take it out and drain briefly on paper towels. Repeat with the rest of the rolled bread the same way., ingredients: [1 cup of attachapati flour Indian wholewheat bread or 12 cup whole wheat flour plus 12 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon of corn, peanut or vegetable oil, 13 cup water, Unbleached allpurpose flour for dusting, Corn, peanut or vegetable oil, enough to fill a kadhai or a skillet to a depth of 3 inches], title: Deep Fried Balloon Bread Poori, picturelink: null}, 23062: {instructions: Combine vegetables, blanch in salted water until done. To this mixture add basil, mint, cilantro, ginger, hot chili pepper flakes, salt and pepper.nPlace 1 tablespoon of mixture on egg roll skin, roll like a cigar. Fry in hot oil, until brown and crispy. Serve with your favorite dipping sauce., ingredients: [8 ounces leeks, julienne, 8 ounces carrots, julienne, 8 ounces celery, julienne, 12 bulb fennel, julienne, 3 Japanese eggplants, julienne, 2 tablespoons chopped basil leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped mint leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons grated ginger pulp, 12 teaspoon hot chili pepper flakes, Salt and pepper, 24 egg roll wrappers, 4 cups canola oil], title: Thai Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 23063: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper.nPlace the cream cheese and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and cream them together on low speed until smooth. With the mixer still on low, add the egg yolks, ricotta, vanilla, salt, and lemon zest and mix until just combined. Dont whipnUnfold 1 sheet of puff pastry onto a lightly floured board and roll it slightly with a floured rolling pin until its a 10 by 10inch square. Cut the sheet into quarters with a sharp knife. Place a heaping tablespoon of cheese filling into the middle of each of the 4 squares. Brush the border of each pastry with egg wash and fold 2 opposite corners to the center, brushing and overlapping the corners of each pastry so they firmly stick together. Brush the top of the pastries with egg wash. Place the pastries on the prepared sheet pan. Repeat with the second sheet of puff pastry and refrigerate the filled Danish for 15 minutes.nBake the pastries for about 20 minutes, rotating the pan once during baking, until puffed and brown. Serve warm., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 13 cup sugar, 2 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons ricotta cheese, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 2 sheets 1 box frozen puff pastry, defrosted, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash], title: Easy Cheese Danish, picturelink: 0l1CIKjxnyE1FDZcdMHyEtFx.d6vW}, 23064: {instructions: Pour 1 gallon water into a large pot. Add the meat and stir with a spoon to break it up and combine with the water. Put the pot over low heat and cook for 5 hours. Remove the excess water and grease during the cooking process. At the end of the cooking time, add the onion, chili powder, paprika, cumin, garlic, black pepper, red pepper and salt to taste. Add the beans and tomato sauce to a large serving bowl and stir in the cooked chili., ingredients: [10 pounds lean ground beef, 14 cup minced onion, 14 cup chili powder, 3 teaspoons paprika, 1 14 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon red pepper, Salt, Two 15ounce cans red beans, Two 15ounce cans tomato sauce], title: Chili, picturelink: null}, 23065: {instructions: Toss the raspberries and raspberry jam in a medium bowl and let stand 20 minutes at room temperature.nSlice or quarter the peaches, depending on their size, divide among 4 dessert bowls and sprinkle the sugar over the tops. Let sit until they get a little juicy, about 15 minutes, turning them over once or twice.nTo serve, put one scoop of frozen yogurt on top of the peaches. Spoon some raspberries over each scoop. Top each with 1 tablespoon of crushed cookies. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup raspberries, 14 cup seedless raspberry jam, 1 pound medium peaches, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 pint vanilla frozen yogurt, 14 cup crushed shortbread cookies], title: Peach Melba Split, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 23066: {instructions: Toss all ingredients gently and let marinate for about 1 hour., ingredients: [1 small to medium Savoy cabbage can substitute regular green cabbage, 1 mango, ripe but not too soft, peeled and julienned, 1 small red onion, julienned, 1 red pepper, julienned, 12 cup cilantro, chopped, 3 Serrano chiles, seeded and julienned, 1 medium carrot, shredded, 14 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 14 cup lime juice, 14 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, Salt to taste], title: East West Mango Slaw, picturelink: null}, 23067: {instructions: PREPARE THE BISCUIT: Preheat oven to 420 degrees F. Place the whole eggs and yolks in a mediumsized mixing bowl. Add 13 cup of the granulated sugar and the milk. Whip with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed, until the mixture lightens in color and triples in volume, about 6 minutes. Place the egg whites in a large mixing bowl, and whip at medium speed until foamy. Make French meringue by adding the remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time. When all the sugar has been added, increase mixer speed to mediumhigh and whip to stiff but not dry peaks, about 5 minutes.nUse a rubber spatula to fold the egg mixture in batches into the meringue, incorporating it gradually so as not to deflate the meringue. When all the yolk mixture has been incorporated, place the flour in a finemesh sieve and sift over the mixture. Gently fold this in with the rubber spatula. Spread the batter evenly on a parchmentcovered baking sheet, liberally dust the top of the biscuit with powdered sugar and place in the oven. Bake just until biscuit begins to brown on top, about 5 minutes. This will lock in the moisture, allowing you to roll the cake later without cracking it. Immediately after removing from the oven, run a knife around the inside of the baking sheet to loosen the cake from the sides. Remove cake from baking sheet and allow it to cool.nPREPARE CHOCOLATE PASTRY CREAM: Make pastry cream as directed and let cool. Melt the chocolate in a double boiler or a mixing bowl placed over a bowl of simmering water, stirring it occasionally as it melts. When all of the chocolate is melted and smooth, remove it from heat, and add the cold pastry cream to the warm chocolate. Mix them together with a rubber spatula.nPREPARE THE ROULADE: Place the biscuit on your work surface and soak with the flavored syrup. Spread the chocolate pastry cream evenly over the cake, spreading it all the way to the edges. Start at one long end and, rolling toward you, roll it into a tight cylinder. Place the roulade on a parchment covered baking sheet and place in the refrigerator for a few hours to set.nPREPARE THE MUSHROOMS: Preheat oven to 250 degrees. Whip the egg whites on medium speed until foamy. Add the granulated sugar 1 tablespoon at a time, until you have volume, then add the rest of the sugar. Increase mixer speed to mediumhigh and whip until you have stiff but not dry peaks. Gently fold in the powdered sugar. Place the meringue in a large pastry bag fitted with a 14inch plain tip. Pipe the mushroom pieces onto a parchment covered baking sheet. Make the stems by squeezing out a dimesized mound of meringue, then pull the pastry bag straight up, leaving a small tail. Make the caps by piping 12inch mounds onto the sheet. Sprinkle the caps with a little cocoa powder and place in the oven. Bake until firm and dry, about 1 hour, leaving the oven door cracked so moisture can escape. Remove from the oven and cool on a rack.nPREPARE CHOCOLATE TREES: Make a cornet from parchment paper and fill half full with tempered chocolate. Pipe a long thick chocolate raindrop on a sheet of parchment paper. Draw a cake comb through the chocolate, starting at the center of the raindrop and moving from left to right. Repeat, starting at the center and moving from right to left. You should have a chocolate pine tree. Repeat for as many trees as you want. Allow the chocolate to set before peeling the parchment paper from it.nPREPARE THE CHOCOLATE FENCE: Fill a cornet half full with the tempered chocolate, and pipe a 3 to 4inch long railroad track, with the outside rails spaced about 2 inches apart and the inside rails spaced about 12inch apart onto a sheet of parchment paper. Allow the chocolate to set before peeling the parchment paper from it.nPREPARE THE COFFEE BUTTERCREAM: Place the egg yolks and whole egg in a large mixing bowl, and whip until thick, light, and tripled in volume, 5 to 7 minutes. Pour the water and granulated sugar into a 1quart heavybottomed saucepan and place over medium heat. Insert a candy thermometer into the mixture. The sugar is ready when it reaches 250 degrees, or the soft ball stage. Pour the cooked sugar down the side of the bowl into the whipping eggs. Continue whipping the mixture until the outside of the bowl is warm but not hot, about 2 or 3 minutes. Add the butter all at once, and beat on medium speed until incorporated. Now whip on mediumhigh speed until thick, smooth and shiny, about 10 minutes. Remove about 13 cup and set aside. Add the coffee extract to the remaining buttercream and whip until well combined.nASSEMBLE THE BUCHE: Place the rolled cake on the platter you will use to serve it. Use a sharp knife to slice a 112inchthick slice from each end of the roll. These will become gnarls on the log. Spread a thick layer of buttercream over the buche. Place the ends or gnarls on top of the log, 1 at each end and cover with buttercream. Run a cake comb through the buttercream along the length of the buche, to make it look like bark. Place the buche in the refrigerator for about 15 minutes to let the buttercream set.nMAKE THE IVY AND FLOWERS: Divide the unflavored buttercream evenly among 3 bowls and color each with 1 of the food colorings. Make 3 cornets from triangles of parchment paper, and fill one with pink buttercream, one with green, and one with yellow. Remove the buche from the refrigerator. Use the green icing cornet to make the ivy, by piping long curved lines along the length of the buche.nPlace small yellow dots along this stem, for the flower centers. Surround these with pink dots for the flower petals. Cut the tip of the cornet diagonally to make a point and fill it with green icing. Squeeze a dab of green buttercream out of the corner of each leaf.nFINISHING THE BUCHE: Stick together the caps and ends of the mushrooms, using a dab of buttercream. Place the mushrooms, chocolate trees and chocolate fence on the buche. Dust the buche with powdered sugar and sprinkle with chocolate shavings. Refrigerate for 1 hour,then serve and enjoynSift together the cornstarch and half the sugar in a medium bowl, add the egg yolks and whisk until well combined. Pour the milk and remaining sugar into a 2quart nonreactive heavybottomed saucepan and place over mediumhigh heat. While milk is heating, slice the vanilla bean in half lengthwise. Separate the seeds, and add both seeds and skin to the milk. Bring it to a boil. Carefully pour about half of the milk into the egg mixture, whisking so eggs dont scramble. Pour this mixture back into the saucepan and continue to whisk, as pastry cream thickens. Bring to a boil and continue to whisk and cook for 2 minutes more. Remove from heat, strain through a finemesh sieve, and add butter in small chunks if desired. Stir butter into cream until well incorporated. Pour pastry cream into an airtight container and put plastic wrap on top to prevent a skin from forming. Store in refrigerator for up to 3 days, until ready to use.nSIMPLE SYRUP: Water, scant 1 14 cups Granulated sugar, 23 cup Liqueur, 2 12 tablespoonsnPlace the water and sugar in a heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. The sugar should completely dissolve. Remove from heat and pour into a mixing bowl. Cool before adding the liqueur.nTEMPERED CHOCOLATE: When you melt chocolate, the molecules of fat separate. To put them back together, you temper it. One way to temper is to place the chocolate in the microwave, and microwave it on high power for 30 seconds at a time until the chocolate is melted. As it recrystallizes, it becomes tempered., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, Granulated sugar, scant 12 cup, Whole milk, 12 tablespoon, 2 large egg whites, Cake flour, 13 cup, Powdered sugar, for dusting, 12 recipe Pastry Cream see below, Dove Promises Dark Chocolate, finely chopped, 3 12 ounces, Simple Syrup flavored with Grand Marnier see below, 3 large egg whites, Granulated sugar, scant 12 cup, Powdered sugar, sifted, scant 1 cup, Dutchprocessed unsweetened cocoa powder for dusting, 12 cup, Bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 16 ounces, see below, 3 large egg yolks, 1 large egg, Water, 13 cup, Granulated sugar, scant 1 cup, Cold unsalted butter, cubed, 1 12 cups plus 1 tablespoon, Coffee extract, to taste, Red, green and yellow liquid food coloring as needed, Powdered sugar, for dusting, scant 12 cup, Chocolate shavings, Cornstarch, 2 tablespoons, Granulated sugar, scant 12 cup, 4 large egg yolks, Whole milk, generous 2 cups, 1 vanilla bean, Unsalted butter optional, 1 tablespoon], title: Buche de Noel, picturelink: null}, 23068: {instructions: In sauce pot over medium heat put some oil and brown chicken pieces in batches. Do not crowd pot. Transfer chicken to bowl until all is browned. Pour off oil from pot. Now add a little fresh oil and start sauteeing onions. Just as they start to get color, add scallions, ginger, garlic, and curry powder. Stir and continue to saute for a few more minutes. Then, add tomatoes and chicken pieces back to pot. Now, add water or stock. Bring this all to a simmer and cover. In about 35 to 50 minutes, depending on size of chicken pieces, curry will be ready., ingredients: [1 whole chicken in pieces, Olive oil, 1 12 onions, diced, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons ginger, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped, 4 tablespoons curry powder, 2 cups of diced tomatoes, 1 cup water or chicken stock, Salt and pepper], title: Jamaican Curried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 23069: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line regular sized cupcake pans with 24 liners.nSift the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, and salt in a mixing bowl fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix on low until incorporated, about 30 seconds.nIn a separate bowl, combine the egg yolks, egg whites, milk, oil, water, and vanilla. Add the liquids to the dry ingredients in 3 stages, scraping down at each addition and beating for about 30 seconds.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full and bake until baked through, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool completely.nFill a piping bag with the slightly chilled Chocolate Ganache. Cut the tip of the bag off and insert the tip into the center of a cooled cupcake. Squeeze to allow a small amount of mixture into the center. Release and remove the bag from the cupcake. Repeat on the other cupcakes. Generously frost the top of each cupcake with Peanut Butter Cream Frosting. Drizzle with remaining Chocolate Ganache.nIn a mixing bowl fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and cream cheese. Scrape down the bowl and beat until smooth, about 2 minutes. Scrape down the bowl again and add the peanut butter. Mix until blended. Scrape down again and add the confectioners sugar and vanilla. Mix until incorporated.nIn a microwavesafe glass bowl, heat the heavy cream and butter for 1 to 2 minutes until mixture just bubbles. Add the semisweet morsels. Let stand for 1 minute. Stir constantly until dark, thick, and creamy. Slightly chill before using., ingredients: [2 23 cups allpurpose flour, 2 23 cups sugar, 1 13 cups cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 ounces egg yolks, 3 ounces egg whites, 1 cup milk, 12 cup oil, 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Peanut Butter Cream Frosting, recipe follows, Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, 16 ounces cream cheese, 1 12 cup peanut butter, 6 cups confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter, 9 ounces semisweet morsels], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Ball Cupcake, picturelink: AX7G60nAHRsMuC6Fk.OJhFiRnOsrI56}, 23070: {instructions: In a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat the oil to 350 degrees F.nMix the flour and Cajun seasoning and in a flat pan.nMix egg, hot sauce, mustard and beer in a bowl. Put the crabs in the beer mixture and let sit for 5 to 10 minutes.nRemove the crabs from the beer mixture, 1 at a time, and dust thoroughly in the flour mixture.nPut the crabs, with legs down, in hot the oil and fry until golden brown.nMelt the butter in saucepan and add the Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice and parsley. Put each crab, on its side with the legs up, on a serving platter and drizzle the sauce over the top. Serve immediately.nRemove the gills from the crabs cut in half if using large crabs.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat the oil to 350 degrees F.nPut 2 cups of the flour in a shallow pan. Add the oysters and turn to coat. Mix the egg, beer, hot sauce, mustard and seasoning in a bowl. Dip the oysters in the beer wash. Lightly flour again in the remaining 2 cups flour in a second shallow pan. Wrap the oysters in bacon and thread onto skewers.nFry the oysters, 1 at a time, in the oil until they float to the top. Remove them from the oil to a serving platter and serve immediately.nPreheat a grill to 350 degrees F.nCombine the minced shallots, vinegar and black pepper in a squeeze bottle.nPut the oysters, on half shell, on the grill. Squirt each oyster with 1 tablespoon of mignonette sauce.nWhen the oysters start to bubble, add a pinch of Parmesan and 1 teaspoon of olive oil.nGrill until the cheese starts to brown on the edges. Remove the oysters from the grill to a serving platter and serve immediately.nSkewer the shrimp, bell peppers and onions in alternating colors. Melt the butter, hot sauce and honey together in a saucepan over low heat. Bring the mixture to a simmering boil and reduce the sauce, stirring constantly, until creamy. Preheat a grill to 350 degrees F. Grill the shrimp until lightly browned. Remove the skewers from the grill to a serving platter and drizzle the shrimp with the butter sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 gallon cooking oil, 3 large Louisiana softshell crabs or 6 if using small crabs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 1 egg, 1 ounce hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Creole mustard, 1 12ounce bottle premium beer, 4 ounces butter, 1 ounce Worcestershire sauce, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 ounce chopped parsley leaves, 1 gallon peanut oil, 1 pint shucked oysters preferably fresh Louisiana oysters, 4 cups allpurpose flour, divided, 1 egg, 1 12ounce bottle premium beer, 1ounce hot sauce, 1ounce Creole mustard, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning, 10 slices bacon, halved, 6 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes, 6 peeled and minced shallots, 6 ounces champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 dozen fresh shucked Louisiana oysters in the shells, 4 ounces Parmesan, grated, 4 ounces extravirgin olive oil, Hot charcoals in a pitgrill, 6 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes, 1 pound large Gulf shrimp, peeled, tail left on, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and cubed, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cubed, 1 red onion, cubed, 8 ounces butter, 2 ounces hot sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, Hot charcoals in a pitgrill], title: Super Softshell Crabs, Bayou Bacon Wrapped Oysters, Louisiana Charbroiled Oysters, Grilled Gulf Shrimp Skewers, picturelink: null}, 23071: {instructions: For the beef: Put the tenderloin in a medium bowl and add the thyme, salt, garlic, and pepper. Let marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nPreheat the grill gas or charcoal is fine to 500 degrees F.nOnce hot, put the tenderloin on the grill and cook for 5 to 8 minutes per side. Stick in a Dutch oven and add the veggie stock. Let simmer for 15 minutes.nFor the chimichurri sauce: Add the tarragon, oregano, sage, olive oil, lemon juice, roasted garlic, and sea salt into a blender and blend until completely mixed. Spoon sauce over the tenderloin and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds beef tenderloin, 18 cup fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 5 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 4 cups veggie stock, 18 cup fresh tarragon leaves, 18 cup fresh oregano leaves, 18 cup fresh sage leaves, 18 cup olive oil, 18 cup lemon juice, 4 cloves roasted garlic, 12 teaspoon sea salt], title: Grilled Tenderloin Churrasco with 3Herb Chimichurri, picturelink: null}, 23072: {instructions: In a hot pan melt 4 ounces of butter, add ground chuck, chopped onion, salt, and pepper. Add tomatoes and tomato sauce, bay leaf, and cinnamon and cook over medium flame for about 35 minutes.nCook macaroni in boiling water, strain and put back in pot to keep warm.nPlace a 14 of the grated cheese in a 11 by 14inch pan, and then a layer with 13 of the pasta. Continue until both ingredients are used up. Spread on the meat sauce.nMix the final layer, the Pastitsio Crema by mixing 4 ounces of melted, cooled butter and 34 cup of flour. Heat 3 12 cups of milk and pour a little over flour and butter mixture then pour the rest of the mixture into the milk. Add 5 beaten eggs and stir thoroughly over medium flame until mixture thickens. Pour the crema on top of the meat sauce and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour or until brown. Cool for 1 hour before cutting., ingredients: [14 pound butter, plus 14 pound butter, melted and cooled, 1 12 pounds ground chuck, 1 onion, chopped fine, Salt and pepper, 1 12ounces can tomatoes, 1 12ounce can tomato sauce, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 pound ziti rigate or penne, 3 cups grated pecorino Romano, 34 cup flour, 3 12 cups whole milk, 5 eggs], title: PASTITSIO, picturelink: null}, 23073: {instructions: Sprinkle cabbage thoroughly with salt, gently separating leaves and spreading salt inside and out. Place cabbage in a long roasting pan let sit at room temperature for 8 hours, until liquid has accumulated in pan. Rinse cabbage in cold water, drain well and press out liquid. Cut cabbage into coarse chunks, wider at frilly end, narrower at root end. Taste for seasoning and salt lightly if no salty flavor remains.nIn a large bowl, mix together remaining ingredients. Add cabbage pieces and toss well to coat. Transfer cabbage and dressing to a 1quart jar and cover tightly. Let sit at cool room temperature 24 hours. Let sit, refrigerated, at least 5 days before serving., ingredients: [1 head Napa cabbage petsai, halved lengthwise about 3 pounds, 4 tablespoons coarse salt, plus extra, if desired, 4 garlic cloves, cut in julienne strips, 1 teaspoon julienne strips of ginger, 2 thinlysliced fat scallions, plus 6, halved lengthwise and cut in 3inch pieces, 2 tablespoons fermented fish sauce, 3 tablespoons hot red chili powder, or to taste, 3 tablespoons hot water], title: Cabbage Pickle Baechu Kimchi, picturelink: null}, 23074: {instructions: Line heavy large baking sheets with parchment paper and set aside. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nFinely chop the oats in a food processor. Mix in the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugars in a large bowl until fluffy. Scrape down sides of mixing bowl. Beat in the eggs and almond extract. Add the flour mixture in 3 parts and stir just until blended. Stir in the chocolate chips and chopped almonds.nFor each cookie, drop 1 rounded tablespoonful of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing 1inch apart do not flatten dough. Bake until the cookies are golden cookies will flatten slightly, about 13 minutes. Cool the cookies on the baking sheets for 5 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack and cool completely. The cookies can be prepared 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.nTo make the ice cream sandwiches: Place the ice cream in a large bowl. Mix in the amaretto. Cover the ice cream mixture and freeze until firm, at least 3 hours.nArrange 12 cookies, flat side up, on a baking sheet. Top each with a scoop of ice cream, then another cookie, flat side down, pressing slightly to adhere. Cover and freeze the sandwiches until they are firm, at least 3 hours. Sandwiches can be made up to 4 days ahead. Wrap each sandwich with plastic wrap and keep frozen., ingredients: [12 cup oldfashioned oats, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup packed golden brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 34 teaspoon pure almond extract, 1 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup whole almonds, toasted and chopped, 3 pints vanilla ice cream, softened slightly, 13 cup amaretto liqueur], title: Amaretto Chocolate Chip Cookie Sandwiches, picturelink: GRrTGy2Ml4Cg5FcxBnTuCl5AYL0ZSkG}, 23075: {instructions: Heat a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat with extravirgin olive oil. Add bacon and cook until crisp, about 5 minutes, remove with slotted spoon.nHeat a pot of water to boil for egg noodles.nWhile bacon crisps, scatter 12 cup flour on a shallow dish. Season the chopped chicken with salt and pepper and add to flour. Toss the chicken to coat and shake off the excess as you add it to the hot bacon drippings. Lightly brown the chicken about 3 minutes on each side then remove. Add mushrooms to the pan and add the celery, carrots and parsnips as you chop them Season with salt, pepper and thyme. Cook vegetables 5 to 6 minutes to tenderize them. Scoot vegetables off to the sides of the pan forming a well. Add 2 tablespoons butter to the well and melt them whisk in 2 tablespoons flour. Whisk wine into roux, shake pan to combine then stir in stock. Add chicken back to the pan and stir in the onions. Simmer the chicken 10 minutes. Adjust seasoning.nSalt water for egg noodles. Add noodles and cook to al dente. Drain noodles and return to hot pot. Add 2 tablespoons butter to noodles and toss to melt. Season noodles with nutmeg, salt and pepper, to taste, and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices good quality bacon, chopped, 12 cup allpurpose flour plus 2 tablespoons, 2 pounds chicken tenders, cut into 1 12 to 2inch pieces, Salt and pepper, 12 pound button mushrooms, quartered, 3 ribs celery from the heart of the stalk and leafy tops, chopped, 1 carrots, peeled and chopped, 2 parsnips, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 4 to 5 sprigs, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 cups white French burgundy wine, 13 bottle, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 cups frozen pearl onions, 1 pound extrawide egg noodles, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, A handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped], title: French White Burgundy Chicken and Egg Noodles, picturelink: NP0CUUALd3ZcrHYCr2Tm5aOiLFbEPgi}, 23076: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and heat until shimmering. Season the chicken with chili powder and salt, to taste. Lay the chicken in the skillet skin side down and cook until brown, about 4 minutes. Turn the chicken, transfer the pan to the oven, and cook until firm, basting occasionally with the pan drippings, 15 to 20 minutes.nWhile the chicken cooks, make the fresh tomato salsa: Toss the tomatoes with the jalapeno, onion, and the 12 teaspoon salt. Smash the garlic clove, sprinkle with the remaining salt, and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Stir the paste into the salsa with the olive oil and 14 cup of cilantro.nWhen chicken is cooked through, transfer the pieces to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm. In the meantime, add the lime juice to the pan. After 1 minute, add the honey along with the chicken stock to heat through. Remove pan from heat and stir in reserved 14 cup cilantro and butter.nTo serve, divide the chicken among 4 plates, drizzle with pan sauce, and spoon some salsa over and around., ingredients: [2 tablespoons corn oil, 4 bonein chicken breast halves about 10 ounces each, skin on, 2 teaspoons chili powder, Kosher salt, Juice of 2 limes, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup chicken stock, 2 Tablespoons butter, 3 medium tomatoes, roughly chopped, 12 to 1 jalapeno, stemmed and minced with seeds, 12 medium red onion, grated, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, leaves and stems, divided], title: ChiliRubbed PanRoasted Chicken with Fresh Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 23077: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThrow the lentils into a medium saucepan. Fill with enough cold water to cover the lentils by about an inch. Bring it to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then turn down to a simmer and cook until the lentils are tender but not mushy, about 20 minutes. Drain and set aside.nMeanwhile, as the lentils cook, grab a large skillet. Pop it over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. Allow the oil to warm for a minute, then drop in the cumin seeds and cracked peppercorns and cook, shaking the pan once in a while until the cumin seeds darken a touch, about 1 minute.nAdd the onions, sprinkle with a dash of salt and cook until they turn dark caramel brown, stirring often. This will take about 15 minutes. Splash the onions with a little water if they stick to the bottom of the pan. Youll know theyre done both by their deep chestnut color and by the slight crispiness developing on some of the onions.nUsing a slotted spoon or spatula, remove about half of the onions to a paper towellined plate these are for garnish later. Sprinkle in the ground cumin, cayenne and then add the cinnamon stick saute about 1 minute.nAdd the rice and cook, stirring often but gently so you dont break the rice until some rice grains start to brown. Quickly, add the cooked lentils, 3 cups of water and 1 12 teaspoons of salt bring to a boil. Turn the heat down to low so that the pan is at a simmer, cover and cook 30 minutes. The water should be completely evaporated and rice should be tender. If theres still too much water in the bottom, put the lid back on and cook for another 5 minutes.nTurn off the heat, keep the lid on, and allow the rice to steam undisturbed for about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, toast the pine nuts, if using, in a small skillet over mediumlow heat, shaking often, about 5 minutes.nTaste the rice for seasoning. Serve with the reserved caramelized onions, toasted pine nuts, if using, and a little squeeze of lemon juice. I also like to serve this with some dollops of Greek yogurt., ingredients: [1 cup brown or green lentils not lentils du Puy, sorted for debris and rinsed, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon cracked black peppercorns, 3 medium red onions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 34 cup basmati rice, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 1inch cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, optional, Squeeze of fresh lemon juice, Greek yogurt, for serving, optional], title: Lebanese Lentils, Rice and Caramelized Onions Mujadara, picturelink: 9zLQbH0fxZM0YYnGqTG0fGrvKY4YJ6}, 23078: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking and saute the garlic until golden brown. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the clam juice, wine and lemon juice and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Place the broth in a blender with the parsley, honey and salt and pepper to taste and process until pureed. Combine the broth and clams in a large saucepan over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce heat , cover the pan and steam the clams until opened. Spoon into large bowls. Serve with garlic bread., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 small onion, peeled and sliced thin, 3 cups clam juice, 1 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 cup packed parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 40 baby clams], title: Baby Clams Steamed in Green Onion Broth, picturelink: null}, 23079: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a baking sheet with foil. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork chops and sear until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet reserve the skillet.nMix the parmesan, oregano, lemon zest and garlic in a small bowl. Sprinkle on the pork chops. Bake until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the figs and 3 tablespoons water to the reserved skillet. Cook over mediumlow heat until the figs are soft and most of the water has evaporated, about 2 minutes season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a large bowl and add the arugula, fennel, croutons, the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and the lemon juice toss. Serve with the pork.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [4 boneless centercut pork chops 1 inch thick about 5 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 clove garlic, grated, 12 dried Mission figs, stemmed and chopped, 1 5ounce package baby arugula about 8 cups, 1 small bulb fennel, cored and thinly sliced, 1 cup fatfree seasoned croutons about 1 12 ounces], title: Parmesan Pork Chops with ArugulaFig Salad, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 23080: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, citrus zests, and water. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from the heat and add the citrus juices and vanilla. Combine the berries in a bowl. Pour the warm syrup over the berries and marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes. Serve marinated berries over a scoop of vanilla frozen yogurt., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sugar, Grated zest 1 lemon, Grated zest 1 lime, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 pint raspberries, rinsed, 12 pint blueberries, rinsed, 12 pint strawberries, rinsed, tops trimmed, halved or quartered, if large, 1 pint vanilla frozen yogurt], title: Marinated Fresh Berries, picturelink: null}, 23081: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray miniature muffin tins with vegetable oil cooking spray.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine the cornmeal, salt and baking powder, stirring with a metal spoon. Add the cheese, corn, sour cream, and chiles. Stir until lightly combined. Add the oil and eggs and stir until everything is just combined do not over mix. The batter will be very stiff.nPlace about 12 tablespoon of batter into each muffin cup. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 14 cups stoneground cornmeal, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 8ounce can creamstyle corn, 1 cup sour cream, 1 4ounce can chopped green chiles, 12 cup canola oil, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Green Chile Corn Muffins, picturelink: null}, 23082: {instructions: MIX all ingredients in microwaveable bowl.nMICROWAVE on HIGH 5 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted, stirring after 3 min.nSERVE with tortilla chips or WHEAT THINS Original Crackers.nRoTel is a product of ConAgra Foods, Inc., ingredients: [1 lb. 16 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 lb. pork sausage, cooked, drained, 1 can 10 oz. ROTEL Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, undrained], title: VELVEETA Spicy Sausage Dip, picturelink: WdOb66o1MbGLfqv3GDiZJH0uBl3hom.}, 23083: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nOpen the leg of lamb and season the inside with half the garlic, half the thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, salt, and pepper. Tie the lamb closed with string. Place it in a roasting pan, season with salt and pepper, and brush it with olive oil. In a bowl mix the beer, honey, remaining garlic and thyme, juniper berries, and bay leaves. Pour this over the lamb and put the roasting pan into oven. Immediately turn the oven down to 325 degrees F. Baste every 10 minutes. Cook 12 to 13 minutes per pound for medium rare or until internal temperature reaches 130 to 135 degrees F. Remove the roast from the oven, cover it loosely with foil and allow it to rest for about 10 minutes before carving. Serve with pan drippings., ingredients: [7 to 8 pound leg of lamb, thighbone removed, and shin bone in have your butcher do this, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups stout beer or porter recommended: Guinness, 12 cup honey, 1 teaspoon juniper berries, crushed, 2 bay leaves], title: Roast Leg of Lamb with Dark Beer, Honey and Thyme, picturelink: Ih4peAxGzeC74MzyOObHgfyDCvH5ZwG}, 23084: {instructions: Combine the cut up plums and water in a heavy, nonreactive 5quart saucepan. Bring it to a boil then reduce the heat to a steady simmer, cover, and cook 20 minutes.nPour the fruit and water through a strainer with a bowl to catch the juices, letting it drain 15 minutes. Measure the drained liquid. Measure out the same amount of sugar. Return the juices to the saucepan and bring them to a boil. Add 1 tablespoon lemon juice and begin adding the sugar 12 cup at a time, allowing the mixture to return to a boil before adding the next 12 cup sugar. Continue cooking until the liquid reaches its jell point generally 8 degrees above the boiling point measured on a thermometer. This takes about 5 or 10 minutes.nTurn off the heat and stir in the plum pieces, letting them steep together for 15 minutes.nReturn the preserves to a boil. Stir in the remaining 12 tablespoon lemon juice and 12 cup more sugar and boil for 10 minutes stirring frequently and the temperature rises to 215 degrees F. Turn off the heat and skim off any foam. You may allow it to cool then chill it or to can it, pour into jars, wipe the rims, place the lids on, and invert the jars for a quick vacuum seal or process in a boiling water bath submerged 1inch for 10 minutes.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour and salt. Add the butter and, using your fingertips, pinch the ingredients together into a sandy, crumbly mixture.nIn a bowl, stir together the sour cream and egg yolk until very smooth. Add to the flour mixture and mix until the dough comes together. The dough may feel a little dry. Form into a disk, wrap it in plastic wrap, and chill at least 4 hours or overnight. On a work surface thickly dusted with powdered sugar, roll out the pastry 18inch thick. Cut out 4inch disks and place them on a sheet try in case you need to chill them. Brush milk around the edge of each one. Place a tablespoon of filling in the center of each disk, fold it over, and seal the edges with a fork. Chill 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Bake the pastries until light golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool on the pan on a wire rack., ingredients: [3 pounds Italian plums, quartered and pitted, 1 cup water, Sugar, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup sour cream, 1 egg yolk, Confectioners sugar, for rolling], title: Plum Preserves Mezza Luna, picturelink: null}, 23085: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the garlic for a few seconds, then add the vermouth and tomatoes. Cook 5 minutes. Add the shrimp and parsley, and cook 3 minutes, or until shrimp are pink. Season with hot pepper sauce, salt and pepper, to taste. Divide between 4 plates and serve.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Cut or snap off the 1inch fibrous stem on the asparagus and discard. Slice the remaining asparagus into 2inch pieces you should have about 5 cups. Line a baking tray with foil and spoon the oil onto the foil. Sprinkle the oil with salt and pepper. Add the asparagus and roll in oil, making sure all the spears are coated with the oil and seasonings. Spread the asparagus into a single layer and roast in the oven for 5 minutes. Roll the asparagus in the oil to recoat and roast 10 more minutes for thick spears, 5 more minutes for thin ones. Remove from the oven and serve with the shrimp.nPlace the salad in a bowl and drizzle with the dressing. Season with salt and pepper. Toss well and serve., ingredients: [4 teaspoons olive oil, 12 mediumsize garlic cloves, crushed, 1 cup dry vermouth, 2 cups diced tomatoes, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, Several drops hot pepper sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 pound fresh asparagus, 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 8 cups washed, readytoeat, Italianstyle salad greens, 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon nosugaradded oil and vinegar dressing, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Shrimp Scampi with Roasted Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 23086: {instructions: In a blender, add milk and bananas and top with powder and ice. On low speed, blend mix until very smooth. Serve in tall glasses., ingredients: [4 cups skim milk, 2 bananas, peeled, 2 scoops Spirutein Vanilla Soy Protein Powder with Spirulina or any equivalent powder, 5 small pieces of ice], title: Mings Breakfast SoyBanana Shake, picturelink: null}, 23087: {instructions: Preheat the grill. Mix together the sour cream, horseradish and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Brush the bread slice with the olive oil. Place the bread on a grill and grill for 2 minutes per side, until the bread becomes crunchy. Remove the bread from the grill and cut each slice in half. On 12 of the bread halves, spread some of the horseradish sauce. Top the sauce with 2 ounces of roast beef. Top the beef with 1 leaf of Romaine lettuce. Place the remaining bread halves on top of the Romaine., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 14 cup prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Salt, Pepper, 12 slices crusty bread, sliced 14 inch thick, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds roast beef, sliced thin, Romaine lettuce], title: Roast Beef and Horseradish Finger Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 23088: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSprinkle the meat on both sides with salt and pepper. In a bowl, combine half of the cheese, the breadcrumbs, 12 cup parsley, pine nuts, lemon zest, salami, minced garlic and the finely chopped chile pepper. Top the steaks, leaving a 1inch border. Roll and tie the meat.nHeat about 2 tablespoons of EVOO in a pot over mediumhigh heat. When the oil smokes, add the meat bundles and brown. Remove the meat bundles, then add the sausages and cook until brown, then remove. Add about 1 tablespoon of EVOO and reduce the heat to medium, then stir in the fennel seeds and cook for 15 seconds. Add the wine and deglaze the pan, then add the tomatoes, bay leaf, carrots, celery and halved onion. Break up the tomatoes, and add the passata, then stir in the basil and season with salt and pepper. Slide the meat and sausages into the sauce and bring to a bubble, reduce the heat and simmer partially covered for a couple of hours, stirring occasionally.nIn a skillet, heat about 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 turns of the pan, then add the sliced onions, cubanelles, red bell peppers and sliced chile pepper, and cook to soften, stirring frequently, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the stock, the remaining 14 cup parsley, tomato paste and season with salt and pepper. Simmer 15 minutes more.nFor a makeahead meal, cool the sauce and meat and refrigerate. Reheat over a mediumlow flame on the stovetop until warmed through. Store the onions and peppers separately and reheat over mediumlow heat in small skillet.nTo serve, bring a large pot of water to a boil, salt the water and cook the spaghetti to al dente.nPlace the meat and sausages on a serving platter. Remove the onions, carrots, celery and bay leaf.nAdd about 1 cup of the starchy cooking water to the sauce, then put half of the sauce in a gravy boat. Melt the butter into the remaining sauce and toss with the pasta and cheese. Serve the pasta alongside the meat roll and sausage. Top the pasta and meat with more sauce and cheese, and serve the peppers and onions on top of the sausage., ingredients: [6 very thin top round steaks, about 8 ounces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup grated pecorino cheese, plus more to pass at the table, 12 cup homemade stale white breadcrumbs or panko, toasted, 34 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 14 cup pine nuts or sliced almonds, toasted, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 4 ounces salami or prosciutto di Parma, finely chopped, 6 cloves garlic, 3 minced or grated, 3 crushed, 2 small chile peppers such as Italian cherry or Fresno, 1 seeded and finely chopped can substitute 1 teaspoon dried red crushed pepper flakes, and 1 thinly sliced, 5 tablespoons EVOO, 6 links hot Italian sausage, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 13 palmful, 1 cup dry red wine, 2 large cans Italian San Marzano tomatoes, 1 bay leaf, 1 small carrot, peeled and halved, 1 small rib celery, halved, 1 small onion, halved and peeled, 2 cups passata or tomato puree, A handful of fresh basil leaves, torn, 1 large red or yellow onion, thinly sliced, 2 cubanelle peppers, thinly sliced, 1 large red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 cup chicken or beef stock, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 to 3 tablespoons butter, 1 12 pounds spaghetti], title: Braciola and Sausage Sunday Gravy, picturelink: Y6EeIznqJ7sgzLMCEWifII1H3L0FU2}, 23089: {instructions: Whisk together the cream and sugar in a medium saucepan over low heat. When the cream is hot but not boiling, add the peanut butter and gently whisk until combined and smooth. Take off the heat. Whisk in the chocolate chips just until melted.nServe immediately with your desired dippers, such as pretzel rods, bananas, strawberries, dark chocolate or marshmallows. If the fondue breaks, try whisking in a couple of tablespoons of cold heavy cream at a time., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, plus an additional 12 cup if necessary, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 cups smooth peanut butter not the natural kind, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, Optional dippers: pretzel rods, bananas, strawberries, dark chocolate bars, marshmallows], title: Peanut Butter Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: ku4pjUM5u5CYtCg7ijomEnWjc2Tt4g2}, 23090: {instructions: Cut off wing tips, reserving for another use, and halve wings at joint. Discard crusts from bread and in a food processor finely grind bread. Measure out 112 cups bread crumbs, reserving remainder for another use. With a mortar and pestle or in an electric coffeespice grinder coarsely grind mustard seeds.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees and oil rack of a broiler pan.nIn a large bowl whisk together mustard seeds, mustard, oil, vinegar, salt, and cayenne. Add wings and stir to coat. Add wings and stir to coat. In a shallow dish stir together bread crumbs and Parmesan. Press wings, thickskin sides down, into bread crumbs and Parmesan. Press wings, thickskin sides down, into bread  crumb mixture to coat and arrange, crumb sides up, on rack.nRoast wings in middle of oven until cooked through and golden, about 30 minutes. Serve chicken wings warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 pounds chicken wings 12 to14 wings, 6 slices firm white sandwich bread, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons whitewine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 3 ounces freshly grated Parmesan about 34 cup], title: Deviled Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 23091: {instructions: Put 2 each cubed Yukon gold potatoes and sweet potatoes in a pot of cold salted water bring to a boil and cook until tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Drain and pat dry. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and cook, turning, until browned, 8 minutes. Stir in 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 12 teaspoon grated garlic, 1 teaspoon curry powder, and salt and pepper to taste cook 1 minute. Sprinkle with chopped cilantro.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: TwoPotato Home Fries, picturelink: Xcn8yLboimGV6YBg7y180OvQHKYVAQK}, 23092: {instructions: Butter the inside of a 5quart round slow cooker, then line it completely with a large sheet of foil and butter the foil. Turn the cooker on low. Sprinkle the cutup butter and the brown sugar over the foil in the cooker. Add the pears, arranging them in a circle, cutside down.nMix the flour, pecans, cornmeal, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in a large bowl. In the large bowl of a mixer, beat the softened butter and granulated sugar on low speed until just blended. Increase the speed to high and beat until light and fluffy, scraping the sides of the bowl as needed, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time.nWith the mixer on low speed, beat the dry ingredients into the butter mixture in two batches, alternating with the milk and beginning and ending with the dry ingredients. Mix on medium speed just until the batter is smooth. Spread over the pears in the slow cooker. Drape paper towels over the top of the slow cooker not touching the cake to prevent condensation from dripping onto the cake. Cover and cook on low until the cake sets and the sides brown, about 3 hours. Turn off the cooker and let the cake rest about 20 minutes.nLift the cake by the foil and place on a rack to cool. Carefully invert onto a platter and peel off the foil. Serve with whipped cream, if desired.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [7 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing 3 tablespoons cut into small pieces, 4 tablespoons softened, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 3 Bosc pears, peeled, halved lengthwise and cored, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup pecans, toasted and finely chopped, 14 cup cornmeal, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons whole milk, at room temperature, Whipped cream, for serving optional], title: PearPecan UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 23093: {instructions: Mix Marinade Mix, oil, juice, vinegar and jalapeno. Reserve 14 cup. Place pork chops in large resealable plastic bag or glass dish. Add remaining marinade turn to coat well. Refrigerate 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix pineapple, bell pepper and 2 tablespoons of the reserved marinade. Set aside. Remove pork chops from marinade. Discard any remaining marinade.nGrill over mediumhigh heat 5 to 7 minutes per side or until desired doneness, brushing with remaining 2 tbsp.marinade. Serve pork chops with Pineapple Salsa., ingredients: [1 package McCormicku00ae Grill Matesu00ae Spiced Brandy  Herb Marinade, 14 cup oil, 14 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 to 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely chopped, 6 bonein pork chops, trimmed about 2 lbs., 1 can 8 ounces pineapple tidbits, drained, 14 cup chopped red bell pepper], title: Grilled Spiced Brandy and Herb Pork Chops with Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: AVuEVLj9f4FcfAmWqLCvViYqHPNZrgy}, 23094: {instructions: For the genoise: Preheat the oven to 335 degrees F or 325 if using convection. Grease a half sheet pan and line it with parchment.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the eggs for 5 minutes until light and frothy. With the mixer on medium speed, slowly add the sugar increase to mediumhigh speed and beat to a ribbon consistency, another 5 minutes.nCombine the butter and milk in a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave for about 2 minutes, until the butter is melted and the milk is hot. Set aside.nSift together the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.nWith the mixer on low speed, add the vanilla and then slowly add the flour mixture mix until combined, scraping down the sides.nWhisk about 1 cup from the mixer in the hot milkbutter until smooth, then return to the mixer, whisking until just combined.nPour the batter into the prepared half sheet pan and bake until an inserted toothpick comes out with just a few moist crumbs, 15 to 20 minutes.nLet cool for 15 minutes, then remove the cake from the pan and use a 3inch biscuit cutter to cut out 12 mini cake rounds.nFor the whipped cream: Bloom the gelatin in 2 tablespoons cold water to dissolve.nIn a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, beat the mascarpone until smooth and fluffy. Add the confectioners sugar, beating until smooth. Slowly add the cream beat until smooth, then add the vanilla. Raise the mixer speed to high and beat to softmedium peaks.nMix a dollop of the whipped cream into the gelatin, then add back to the mixer. Whip to medium peaks. Chill until ready to use.nFor the caramelized peaches: Toss the peaches, sugar and salt together in a bowl.nHeat a mediumlarge skillet over medium heat until hot add the butter. Place the peaches, cut side down, in the skillet and cook, turning once, until caramelized on both sides, 4 to 5 minutes per side be careful to keep the peach skins intact. Transfer to a parchmentlined baking sheet to cool for about 10 minutes.nTo assemble: Place a cake round on a plate and top with two peach wedges, skinsides facing out.nScoop some whipped cream into a pastry bag fitted with a large round or star tip and pipe a swirl in the center of the round, between the peach wedges.nTop with a second cake round and pipe another swirl of whipped cream in the center. Garnish with a peach wedge and a wedge of white chocolate if using.nRepeat to make 6 shortcakes total., ingredients: [4 eggs, room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup whole milk, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla bean paste, 1 teaspoon powdered gelatin, 1 23 cups mascarpone, 34 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 34 cup cold heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 pound peaches, unpeeled, cut into wedges about 3 peaches, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 pinches sea salt, 1 tablespoon butter, White chocolate wedges, for garnish, optional], title: Caramelized Peach and Mascarpone Shortcake, picturelink: FF6Nyn0uoOPB.v.OcRZ92SywvZS8ku}, 23095: {instructions: Very lightly coat the steaks in oil and sprinkle with tea, white pepper and salt.nOn a hot grill, well oiled, place the steaks on cook for about 4 to 5 minutes a side, crisscrossing them for grill marks. Be careful to move steaks around ifwhen there are flare ups.nLet the meat rest for 5 minutes before slicing on the bias.nPlace a small mound of brown rice in the middle of a plate and top with the garlic broccoli. Cut the steak on the bias and place on the broccoli. Drizzle sauce around.nIn a hot wok, coat with oil and saute the garlic and ginger until soft, about 30 seconds. Add the broccoli florets and stem. Stirfry for 1 minute, add the oyster sauce and the stock. Check for seasoning. When liquid is boiling, add the cornstarch slurry to thicken. Cook for an additional 30 seconds and check again for seasoning., ingredients: [Canola oil, to coat steak and cook, 4 8 to 10 ounce New York strip steaks, 14 cup oolong tea leaves, fine grind, 1 tablespoon ground white pepper, Fleur de sel, Serving suggestion: 3 cups cooked brown rice and Garlic Broccoli, recipe follows, Canola oil, for cooking, 10 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 head broccoli, prepped into small florets and stem, peeled and cut into thin slices, blanched and shocked, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with a little water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Tea Spiced NY Strip Steak with Garlic Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 23096: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHalve the peppers through the stems remove the stems, seeds and membranes. In a 9by13inch baking dish, toss the peppers with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and 12 teaspoon salt, then arrange the peppers cutsides up. Set aside.nHeat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the turkey and cook, breaking it up, until no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Add the carrots, onions, mushrooms and garlic and cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Season with the cumin, smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper stir to combine. Add the tomatoes, ketchup, mustard, brown sugar, vinegar, parsley and 34 cup water. Bring to a rapid simmer and cook until thickened, about 10 minutes.nSpoon the filling into the pepper halves and sprinkle with the Cheddar. Pour 14 cup water into the bottom of the baking dish and tent with foil so the foil is not touching the cheese. Bake until the peppers begin to soften, 20 to 25 minutes. Uncover and bake until peppers are very tender and the filling is browned and bubbly, another 15 to 20 minutes.nServe the stuffed peppers topped with crumbled corn chips., ingredients: [3 large red, yellow or orange bell peppers, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground turkey, 1 medium carrot, finely chopped, 1 small onion, finely chopped, One 6ounce package white mushrooms, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, One 14.5ounce can fireroasted tomatoes, 12 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 cup grated Cheddar, Corn chips, crumbled, for garnish], title: Sloppy JoeStuffed Peppers, picturelink: UR3QIeyaCLTpBrBMg.6wv.7z1BJKcrK}, 23097: {instructions: Heat the cinnamon stick, cumin seeds, peppercorns and cardamom in a small skillet over mediumlow heat, stirring, until toasted, about 4 minutes. Make the brine: Combine the vinegar, 34 cup water, the sugar, lemon juice, 1 tablespoon salt, the ginger, chiles and toasted spices in a medium saucepan bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, stirring to dissolve the sugar, 5 minutes. Pack the mango wedges into a 1quart jar, then pour in the hot brine let cool completely. Cover and refrigerate overnight or up to 1 week.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 3 cardamom pods, crushed, 34 cup distilled white vinegar, 14 cup sugar, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt, 6 thin slices peeled ginger, 2 dried chiles de arbol, 2 large firm mangoes, peeled and cut into 12inchthick wedges], title: Pickled Mango With Ginger, picturelink: sD7rJ3S21zet2i9V8PpbPAa1.Ih6xPS}, 23098: {instructions: Bring the vegetable stock to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Turn to low and keep hot.nMelt 4 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan. When it begins to foam, add the onions and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the dried curry leaves, garam masala, cardamom pods, mustard seeds and star anise, and continue to cook for 1 minute. Stir in the mushrooms and cook until they begin to caramelize, about 5 minutes. Add the rice, stirring so it is well coated with the butter, and then add the wine, stirring constantly as it is absorbed into the rice.nBegin to add the hot stock a little at a time and continue to stir constantly as it is absorbed into the rice. The rice is done when it is tender and creamy in consistency, about 30 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the remaining 3 tablespoons butter and season with salt.nSpoon the risotto into wide, shallow bowls and garnish with ParmigianoReggiano shavings and a scattering of dried chilies., ingredients: [4 cups vegetable stock, 7 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 14 cup dried curry leaves, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds, 1 teaspoon brown mustard seeds, 5 whole star anise, 2 cups thinly sliced mushrooms, a combination of oyster, shiitake and portobellos, 1 cup arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine, Salt, ParmigianoReggiano shavings, for serving, Crushed dried chilies, for serving], title: Spiced Mushroom Risotto, picturelink: null}, 23099: {instructions: Halibut: Season the halibut with salt and pepper. In a medium saute pan over high heat add the oil. Once heated, add the fish and sear until golden brown. Add butter, thyme, and garlic and baste. Set aside.nRagout: In a small saucepot combine the butter, fish fume, diced potatoes and simmer over medium heat. Add fennel, tomatoes, olives and basil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add a dash of sherry vinegar. Add the roasted peppers and gently warm. Adjust seasoning, if necessary.nTo Plate: In a large bowl place the olive ragout and garnish with the roasted peppers and parsley oil. Place the halibut on top and finish with the scallion., ingredients: [2 pounds Alaskan halibut fillet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup fish fume, 1 cup cooked diced Yukon gold potato, 1 bulb fennel, small dice, cooked soft, 1 heirloom tomato, small dice recommended: Brandywine, 1ounce nicoise olives, 1 sprig basil, leaves chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dash sherry vinegar, 5 red peppers, roasted, peeled and diced, 1 tablespoon parsley oil, 3 scallions, julienne], title: Herb Roasted Alaskan Halibut with Fennel Confit, Nicoise Olives, Sweet Peppers and Yukon Gold Potatoes, picturelink: null}}