{23100: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 13by9inch baking dish.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat together the butter, sugar and vanilla extract. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, until thoroughly combined. Use a rubber spatula to scrape down the sides of the bowl to get any butter that might have gotten stuck.nIn a separate bowl sift together the flour, cocoa powder, cayenne, salt and cinnamon.nSlowly beat the dry ingredients into the butter mixture. Continue mixing until evenly combined, but avoid overmixing. Gently fold in the cherries and chocolate chips using a rubber spatula. Pour the batter into the baking dish and use the spatula to level the top of the batter.nBake until the brownies are set and a toothpick stuck in the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the brownies to a cooling rack, and cool completely before serving., ingredients: [1 cup butter, plus more for greasing, 3 cups granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 4 eggs, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 cup dried cherries, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Spicy Cherry Brownies, picturelink: null}, 23101: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together and marinate the kabobs before grilling., ingredients: [Porterhouse steak, cut into cubes, 1 cup soy sauce, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger root, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup sherry wine, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, Fresh island peppers, Sweet Maui onions, Vine ripened island cherry tomatoes, Fresh mushrooms, Skewers, if wooden, soaked in water for 20 to 30 minutes], title: Teriyaki Kabobs, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 23102: {instructions: Bring 2 quarts of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook for about 10 minutes or until tender but still firm to the bite.nMeanwhile in a mixing bowl steep the raisins in white wine. Drain the mussels and cut them into bite size pieces if large. Add them to the mixing bowl with the olive oil. Season to taste with salt. In a dry skillet toast the fennel seeds and add them to the mixing bowl.nWhen the pasta is done, drain reserving some boiling water and portion out. Top with ingredients in mixing bowl and toss with some reserved cooking liquid if need be. Season to taste with salt and dried red pepper flakes., ingredients: [Salt, 12 pound linguini fini, 14 cup golden raisins, 2 tablespoons white wine, 4 ounces smoked oysters or mussels, 1 ounce anchovy fillets, drained and chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 to 34 teaspoon dried fennel seeds, Dried red pepper flakes], title: Pasta with a Sicilian Flair, picturelink: null}, 23103: {instructions: Chicken:nPlace chicken in a stockpot or large saucepan. Add water, salt, celery, and onion and simmer over low heat until chicken is fully cooked through. Increase heat to bring chicken and stock to a boil. Add dumplings, cover, and boil gently 8 to 10 minutes or until dumplings and chicken are tender. Ladle into serving bowls.nDumplings:nCombine flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. Cut in the shortening. Add milk to make a stiff dough and knead until incorporated. Roll dough out to about 18inch thickness and cut into 1inch strips, squares, or diamonds. Add to chicken and stock as directed above., ingredients: [1 small chicken about 1 12 pounds, cut into 8 pieces, skin removed, 1 12 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 celery stalk, diced, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup chopped onion, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable shortening, 12 cup skim milk], title: Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 23104: {instructions: Place the feta in a large shallow bowl, add the onion, garlic, lemon zest, orange zest, cherry tomatoes, if using, green olives, and black olives. Toss lightly but thoroughly. Drizzle the olive oil over the salad and toss again. Add the fresh herbs, toss, and add several turns of black pepper. Arrange the lettuce leaves on 1 large or several individual plates and spoon the feta salad on top. Serve immediately.nNote Use the tomatoes only when they are in season locally otherwise, omit them., ingredients: [1 pound feta crumbled, 12 small red onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 lemon, zested and minced, 1 orange, zested and minced, 1 cup very small cherry tomatoes, halved optional, 12 cup green olives, pitted and sliced, 12 cup kalamata olives, pitted and sliced, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced fresh Italian parsley, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro optional, 2 teaspoons minced fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon minced fresh mint, Black pepper in a mill, Several large romaine or butter lettuce leaves], title: Feta Olive Salad, picturelink: null}, 23105: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: eight 8ounce Champagne flutesnPrepare an ice bath in a large bowl and set an 8cup glass spouted measuring cup inside of it. Put eight 8ounce Champagne flutes in the refrigerator to chill.nSprinkle the gelatin evenly over 2 cups cold water in a medium saucepan. Let sit until the gelatin softens it will become translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the sugar then cook over mediumlow heat, stirring gently, until the sugar and gelatin dissolve completely, about 5 minutes dont let the liquid come to a boil. Pour the gelatin mixture into the prepared measuring cup over the ice bath, stirring the mixture a few times until it feels lukewarm. Stir in the sparkling wine and grape juice. Pour 12 cup of the sparkling wine mixture into a small bowl then neatly pour the remaining mixture into the 8 flutes.nRefrigerate the flutes and the reserved mixture in the bowl for 30 minutes the jelly will be lightly thickened. Gently push a raspberry down into the center of each flute with a skewer, letting some gelatin cover it, until the raspberry is held in place.nAdd the halfandhalf to the reserved gelatin mixture in the bowl and whisk vigorously until the mixture looks like foam. Spoon the foam on top of each flute of jelly. Return the flutes to the refrigerator and chill until the gelatin sets completely, about 2 hours., ingredients: [Three 14ounce packets unflavored powdered gelatin, 12 cup sugar, 1 bottle dry sparkling wine, such as Champagne or Prosecco, chilled, 2 cups sparkling pale white grape juice, chilled, 8 raspberries, 1 tablespoon halfandhalf], title: Champagne Jelly Flutes, picturelink: EQJRba73507syEtbqS4iYDUdGuJBMn2}, 23106: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the egg nog and maple syrup in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until reduced by onequarter, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and swirl in the butter to melt.nServe warm as a topping for pancakes, French toast or waffles., ingredients: [12 cup eggnog, 12 cup maple syrup, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Eggnog Syrup, picturelink: PRVJ93L7aGVDAhrO4LgFq.LEX7wNKy}, 23107: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry bag a miniwaffle ironnIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the butter, salt and 1 cup water to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Add the flour to the saucepan and stir for about 1 minute. The mixture will immediately form a sticky ball.nTransfer the mixture to a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix on mediumlow until there is no longer steam. Lower the mixer speed to low, and add the eggs one at a time the dough will be done once it clings to the paddle in spokes as it spins in the bowl. Transfer to a pastry bag and snip the tip, about 12inch.nPreheat a miniwaffle iron. Pipe the dough into each waffle cavity leaving about 12inch empty around the edges. Cook to the waffle makers specification or until the waffles are golden brown.nTop each waffle with a scoop of ice cream, followed by a spoonful of dulce de leche, followed by a spoonful of whipped cream. Sprinkle the tops with feuilletine and serve., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup butter, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 to 4 extralarge eggs, 1 pint cinnamon roll ice cream, 1 12 cups dulce de leche, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped, 1 cup feuilletine flakes or crushed ice cream cones], title: PateaChoux Waffles, picturelink: 0TxUdBpueDEGz5Iioim9uyyOTF0Q5Ni}, 23108: {instructions: Whisk 1 13 cups warm water 105 degrees F and the sugar in a bowl sprinkle the yeast on top. Set aside until foamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in the olive oil.nWhisk the flour and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour and pour in the yeast mixture. Gradually stir with a wooden spoon to make a rough dough.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes, dusting with more flour if necessary. Form into 2 balls. Brush 2 large bowls with olive oil, add a ball of dough to each and turn to coat with the oil. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 hour, 30 minutes. Roll out and top as desired, or wrap in plastic wrap and freeze up to 1 month.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon sugar, 1 14ounce packet 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 3 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 12 teaspoons salt], title: Basic Pizza Dough, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 23109: {instructions: Slice the bagels in half horizontally and slather the bottom cut sides with the Stracchino cheese. Top with the sliced tomatoes, onions if using, basil leaves and sea salt. Top with the bagel lids and serve., ingredients: [4 bagels, assorted flavors, 1 package Stracchino or Crescenza cheese or substitute another very soft cows milk cheese, 2 ripe tomatoes, sliced, 12 red onion, sliced, optional, 12 fresh basil leaves, Sea salt, for topping], title: Italian Bagel Caprese, picturelink: null}, 23110: {instructions: Puree the milk and malt powder in a blender. Add the ice cream and liqueur. Blend until smooth and desired consistency is reached. Swirl around some Raspberry Liqueur Coulis on the inside of each glass. Pour the shake into each glass. Garnish with a dusting of malt powder and a couple raspberries. Do not operate heavy machinery while enjoying this malt.nAdd 14 cup water, the raspberries, sugar and lemon zest in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook down, about 10 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and cool. Puree the mixture in a blender and strain into a small bowl, discarding any solids. Add the liqueur and mix to incorporate. Yield: 1 cup., ingredients: [12 cup whole milk, Fresh raspberries, for garnish, 12 cup malted milk powder, plus more for garnish, 4 cups French vanilla ice cream, 4 ounces raspberry liqueur, such as Chambord, Raspberry Liqueur Coulis, recipe follows, 1 pint fresh raspberries, 12 cup sugar, Zest of 1 lemon 2 teaspoons, 4 tablespoons raspberry liqueur, such as Chambord], title: Spiked French Vanilla Malted Milkshake, picturelink: I6dweZxiqTEHBh9GToYIpmASZXBJK.}, 23111: {instructions: Prepare a charcoal grill. Let the coals cook down until they are hot and there are no flames, 25 to 30 minutes. Carefully move the coals to the outside perimeter of the grill to create a ring. Place a drip pan in the center of the coals. Place the grill grate on the grill.nSprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper and place on top of the beer can so the beer can is inside of the chicken cavity. Stand the chicken and beer can in the center of the grill over the drip pan. Cover and cook until the chicken is cooked through and the juices run clear, 45 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [1 roaster chicken, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 12ounce can beer], title: Beer Can Chicken, picturelink: rJ6agD.0PE4axYZc4aiIVbr.kXVBXJy}, 23112: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash the cranberries and discard any soft or wrinkled ones.nCombine the orange juice, cranberry juice and honey in a 2quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil and then reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the cranberries and cook for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the cranberries burst and the mixture thickens. Do not cook for more than 15 minutes as the pectin will start to break down and the sauce will not set as well. Remove from the heat and allow to cool for 5 minutes.nCarefully spoon the cranberry sauce into a 3 cup mold. Place in the refrigerator for at least 6 hours and up to overnight.nRemove from the refrigerator, overturn the mold and slide out the sauce. Slice and serve., ingredients: [14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup 100 percent cranberry juice, not cocktail, 1 cup honey, 1 pound fresh cranberries, approximately 4 cups], title: Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: tcWFwaVZVogqt7OIomRVb.F1eQ2g7DK}, 23113: {instructions: In a blender, puree the tomatoes, lime juice, Worcestershire, horseradish, and salt and pepper until smooth. Chill covered until ready to use.nOn a small shallow dish, mix 3 parts sea salt to 1 part finely ground black pepper. Run a lime wedge around the rim of each glass, then dip the rims in the salt and pepper mixture. Fill each glass with ice, 1ounce vodka, and approximately 23 cup Fresh Tomato Bloody Mary mixture., ingredients: [6 large, ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced juices reserved, 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, plus wedges, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons extraspicy horseradish, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus sea salt, for serving, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, plus more for serving, Vodka], title: Fresh Tomato Bloody Mary, picturelink: null}, 23114: {instructions: Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic, and cook until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add turkey, raisins, olives, and cumin cook, breaking up meat with back of spoon, until turkey is cooked through and beginning to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from heat, and let cool. Season with salt, pepper, and hot pepper sauce. Lightly beat 1 egg, and stir into the cooled meat mixture along with the cheese.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silpat or parchment paper. Make the egg wash: In a small bowl, lightly beat together remaining egg and the cream to make an egg wash set aside. On a lightly floured surface and working with 1 piece of dough at a time, roll out dough about 116inch thick. Using a 3 12inch cookie cutter, cut out rounds, rerolling the dough once. If the room is warm, keep rounds refrigerated so that they dont get too soft.nPlace a scant tablespoon of filling in center of 1 round. Use a finger or a pastry brush to brush a little of the egg wash onto the inner rim of the round. Fold the round in half, enclosing the filling and forming a half moon. Press edges to seal. Place on prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining rounds. Use a fork to create a crimped edge. Brush tops with egg wash, and bake until dough is golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve warm.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the flour, salt, and sugar. Add the vegetable shortening and the butter, and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal. With the machine running, slowly add the water through the feed tube, and pulse until a ball of dough forms. Divide dough into 2 pieces. Transfer to plastic wrap. Use hands to pat the dough into disks. Wrap dough with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 1 hour or overnight, until completely chilled.nYield: about 4 dozen, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 4 medium cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 pound ground turkey or chicken, 13 cup raisins, finely chopped, 13 cup finely chopped pitted green olives, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, Hot pepper sauce, 2 large eggs, 2 ounces Monterey Jack or Cheddar, grated 12 cup, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Empanada Dough, recipe follows, 3 34 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 6 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, chilled, cut into small pieces, 10 tablespoons ice water], title: Empanaditas, picturelink: null}, 23115: {instructions: Roast the poblanos directly over the flame of a gas burner or under the broiler, turning with tongs, until charred all over, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover with a plate and let steam until cool enough to handle, about 10 minutes. Scrape off the charred skin with a paring knife remove the stems and seeds. Cut the poblanos into strips and set aside.nMeanwhile, put the potatoes in a large nonstick skillet and cover with cold water season with salt. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook until just tender, 5 to 6 minutes drain. Wipe the skillet dry.nHeat the olive oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and cook until golden and crisp, about 4 minutes per side. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. While still hot, sprinkle with half of the herbs, and salt to taste. Discard the excess oil and wipe out the skillet.nHeat the butter in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 6 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the remaining herbs and the garlic cook 1 minute. Add the roasted poblanos, crema, lime juice and a few spoonfuls of water stir until warmed through, 1 to 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve the potatoes and mushroom mixture in tortillas with assorted toppings.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [4 medium poblano chile peppers, 3 medium Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion, halved and thinly sliced, 12 ounces cremini andor white mushrooms, trimmed and thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup Mexican crema, creme fraiche or sour cream, Juice of 2 limes, Freshly ground pepper, Corn tortillas, warmed, and assorted toppings, for serving], title: Poblano, Mushroom and Potato Tacos, picturelink: G1KXhc07gAH7R8KPO7JzWU60KBIN86}, 23116: {instructions: Spray a 12cup muffin tin with nonstick spray and set aside.nPlace the milk, sugar, yeast, flour, egg yolks, and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Combine on low speed for 1 minute. Change the paddle attachment to the dough hook and rest the dough for 10 to 15 minutes.nAdd 2 ounces of the butter and mix on low speed. Increase the speed to medium and mix until the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl and you are able to gently pull the dough into a thin sheet that light will pass through, about 8 minutes.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and roll and shape with your hands to form a large ball. Return the dough to the bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and set aside in a warm, dry place to rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nRemove the dough from the bowl and roll into a 12 by 12inch square, about 12inch thick. Melt the remaining 12 ounce butter and brush onto the top of the dough.nUse a pizza cutter to cut the dough into 12 12 by 1inch strips. Stack the strips into 2 stacks of 6 strips each. Lay the stacks on their sides and cut each stack into 6 2inch wide pieces. Lay each piece on its side into a prepared muffin tin cup. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm, dry place to rise until doubled in size, 30 to 40 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the plastic wrap and bake until the rolls reach an internal temperature of 200 degrees F, 8 to 10 minutes. Rotate the pan halfway through baking.nRemove the muffin tin to a cooling rack and cool for 2 to 3 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 8 ounces warm whole milk 100 degrees F, 2 14 ounces sugar about 13 cup, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 15 ounces allpurpose flour, plus extra for kneading, 2 egg yolks, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 12 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Butter Flake Rolls, picturelink: 6A4WqQgnohxJ8ZXFqfIhdUjjdrckY.u}, 23117: {instructions: Special equipment: an ice cream scoop and a small offset spatulanFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin tins with silver foil liners.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. In another bowl, whisk together the oil, eggs, vinegar, vanilla, coffee and 1 cup water until well blended. Pour the egg mixture into the flour mixture and stir until just incorporated.nUsing an ice cream scoop, divide the batter evenly between the prepared muffin cups, filling each cup halfway. Bake until a wooden pick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes in the pans 5 minutes. Remove from the pans and cool completely on a wire cooling rack.nFor the frosting: Put the butter and confectioners sugar in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat until well combined and smooth. Add a little milk, about 14 teaspoon at a time, and beat well after each addition until the frosting reaches a nice spreadable consistency.nDivide the frosting among 4 bowls. Mix into each the green, brown, yellow or orange food coloring, drop by drop, until you achieve the colors desired.nDecorate the Cupcakes: Using a small offset spatula, spread the brown and orange frosting over 12 of the cupcakes so that each top is half brown and half orange. Repeat with the 12 remaining cupcakes using the yellow and green frosting. Use the white gel icing to draw a line down the center of each cupcake top, dividing the colors. Then make 3 cross hatch marks across the white line on each to resemble football stitching., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 34 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons instant coffee, 4 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 8 cups confectioners sugar, About 2 teaspoons milk, A few drops brown food coloring, A few drops orange food coloring, A few drops yellow food coloring, A few drops green food coloring, 1 large tube white gel icing], title: Kickoff Cupcakes, picturelink: H9eQssvxaOqxYE7Ms6sec4ifwjdV2Wq}, 23118: {instructions: Boil green beans in large pot. Let cook 2 to 3 minutes depending on thickness of beans. Strain and rinse with cold water to stop cooking process. Trim fennel and cut into 14inch thick rounds. Cut bell pepper in 14inch strips. Refrigerate, covered, until service.nWhisk together vinegar and mustard in small bowl. Mash garlic and salt together with back of fork to make a paste. Whisk into vinegar. Slowly whisk in oil until emulsified. Cover and refrigerate.nWhen ready to serve, arrange lettuce leaves on a large platter. Toss green beans, bell peppers and fennel with dressing and spread over lettuce., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, trimmed, 1 bulb fennel, 1 yellow or orange bell pepper, 8 to 10 lettuce leaves, rinsed and dried, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 34 teaspoon minced garlic, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Green Bean and Fennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 23119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients in a mixing bowl. Adjust sugar to taste. Pour liquid into large shallow stainless steel pan and place in freezer. When frozen, scrape with fork until fluffy and serve, as desired., ingredients: [4 cups blood orange juice, 12 cup lemon juice, 14 cup simple sugar 2 parts sugar to 1 part water, heated to boiling, 18 teaspoon finely ground black pepper], title: Blood Orange Granita, picturelink: JEunew1ttkC3wJn1y5gT1qOG61gxnVG}, 23120: {instructions: Place the flour in a shallow dish and coat the chicken pieces, shaking off any excess. Heat the oil in a large saucepot over mediumhigh heat.nAdd the chicken in batches and fry until golden brown on all sides. When all the chicken has been cooked, set it aside. Add the garlic to the pan and cook until it turns golden brown. Add the mushrooms and saute for 5 to 7 minutes, until they release most of their liquid. Add the onion and bell peppers and saute until the vegetables are soft, approximately 6 minutes.nAdd the wine and let reduce for about 1 minute. Add the chicken broth, tomatoes, crushed red pepper, salt oregano and tomato paste. Return the chicken to the pot and bring the liquid to a boil, stirring constantly. Turn down the heat and simmer for 30 to 45 minutes. Stir in the fresh basil just before serving.nThis dish goes well with any pasta or rice and tastes even better the following day., ingredients: [Flour, to coat chicken, 2 2 12 to 3pound chickens, cut into 8 pieces with the breasts cut into 13s, 34 cup olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and halved, 10 to 12 ounces white mushrooms, sliced, 1 large onion, peeled and sliced, 2 green bell peppers, cored, seeded, and sliced into 12inch strips, 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded, and sliced into 12inch strips, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 15 12ounce can chicken broth, 1 28ounce can whole tomatoes, with their juice, crushed, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 to 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 6 leaves fresh basil, chopped], title: Keith Youngs Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: DG6FAO6zf302qiKAQbr21LEIBw7DbXW}, 23121: {instructions: Preheat grill or grill pan.nClean mushrooms and lay with gills up in a shallow baking pan. In a bowl combine olive oil, butter, red pepper flakes, garlic, wine and zest. Whisk to combine and pour over mushrooms. Marinate mushrooms at room temperature for 20 minutes, turning once. Pat mushrooms dry and place gill side up in grill pan. Grill slowly for about 20 minutes, then turn and grill for about 5 to 10 minutes more. Slice and serve with polenta. Garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 large portobello mushrooms, 13 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 14 cup white wine, 1 teaspoon lemon zest], title: Marinated and Grilled Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 23122: {instructions: Peel seed, and cut the cucumber into 12inch dice. Set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon of the ghee in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the mustard seeds and saute for about 3 minutes, or until the seeds begin to pop. Remove immediately from the heat. Combine yogurt and buttermilk in a mixing bowl. Whisk in the mustard seeds and ghee. Fold in 12 cup of the onion and the reserved cucumber. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt. Cover and refrigerate the raita until ready to use. Put the carrots and beans in a medium saucepan filled with rapidly boiling water and blanch for 30 seconds. Drain well and refresh under cold running water. Pat dry and set aside. Put the remaining 14 cup of ghee in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the cayenne chile, garlic, ginger, and the remaining onion and saute for about 4 minutes, or until golden brown. Add the lime juice. Stir in the peas and the reserved carrots and beans and saute for 5 minutes. Stir in the saffron, cumin, garam masala, and turmeric and saute for 1 minute. Add the rice and continue to saute for an 5 additional minutes. Stir in the cashews and serve with a bowl of tempered onioncucumber raita on the side., ingredients: [1 large cucumber, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon ghee, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 cup plain yogurt, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons onions, finely diced, Coarse salt, to taste, 1 cup carrots, 12inch dice, 1 cup coarsely chopped green beans, 2 tablespoons fresh cayenne chile, minced, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 cup fresh peas, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon ground tumeric, 4 cups cooked basmati rice, 12 cup toasted cashew nuts, chopped], title: Mrs. Ayyers Vegetable Biryani with Tempered OnionCucumber Raita, picturelink: null}, 23123: {instructions: With the back of a knife, pound each slice of beef lightly to tenderize it. In a bowl combine the remaining ingredients. The mixture should have thick consistency. Add the marinade to the meat and mix well with your hands, making sure each piece is coated. Cover with plastic and let sit for at least 1 hour.nCook the beef in one layer on a tabletop hibachi. The meat should be well done, and the outside caramelized. In a bowl, combine sugar and kochujang. Pour sesame oil over the mixture. Serve the beef with green leaf lettuce and the kochujang mixture., ingredients: [2 pounds sirloin, sliced across the grain on the diagonal bias, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 3 scallions, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 13 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 teaspoons honey, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon kochujang Korean red pepper paste, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 head green leaf lettuce], title: Bulgogi Barbecued Beef, picturelink: null}, 23124: {instructions: For serving: ice blocks in any shapenSYRUP: In a small saucepan bring syrup ingredients to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved, and simmer, covered, 5 minutes. Cool syrup. Syrup may be made 1 week ahead and chilled, covered. In a punch bowl combine the remaining ingredients and strain syrup through a fine sieve into punch. Stir punch and add ice blocks., ingredients: [2 cinnamon sticks, 5 whole cloves, 3 tablespoons finely chopped peeled fresh gingerroot, 13 cup water, 13 cup sugar, A chilled 25.4ounce bottle sparkling cider about 3 14 cups, A chilled 1quart bottle cranberry juice cocktail, A chilled 1liter bottle club soda or seltzer, 1 cup dark rum, if desired], title: Witches Brew, picturelink: null}, 23125: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometernFor the zeppole: Place a large, wide pot filled with 2 inches of oil over mediumhigh heat and bring to 340 degrees F on a deep frying thermometer.nMeanwhile, whisk together the flour, granulated sugar, baking soda, salt and cinnamon in a large bowl. Add the ricotta, orange zest, vanilla and eggs and stir until just combined.nWorking in batches, carefully add small spoonfuls about 1 tablespoon of the batter to the hot oil and fry until puffed and golden brown all over, 1 to 2 minutes per batch transfer to a papertowellined baking sheet to drain. Return the oil to 340 degrees F between batches.nFor the dipping sauce: Add the brown sugar, butter and halfandhalf to a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir to combine, then cook until the sugar is melted and the mixture starts to thicken, about 2 minutes. Add the Marsala and cook, stirring, until reduced, about 5 minutes, or until the desired consistency is reached.nDust the zeppole generously with confectioners sugar and serve warm with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup ricotta, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup half and half, 14 cup sweet Marsala wine, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Mini Zeppole with Caramel Marsala Dipping Sauce, picturelink: oyKy4gBBzT6kX0BWlsTP6AtuIHxc42S}, 23126: {instructions: Rehydrate the pasilla peppers in hot water for 20 to 30 minutes, or until softened drain. Remove the stems and seeds dice the peppers.nWarm the oil in a large pot over high heat. Add the pasillas, bell peppers, jalapenos, garlic and onions and cook until caramelized, about 8 minutes. Add the turkey and gently stir, trying not to break up the meat too much cook until the meat is no longer pink, about 5 minutes.nAdd the tomato paste and sauce, stir for 4 minutes, then add the chicken broth. Add the granulated onion and garlic, chili powder, paprika, cumin, cayenne, 2 tablespoons salt and 2 teaspoons black pepper. Stir in the beans and their liquid, lower the heat and cook, uncovered, for at least 1 hour. Garnish with shredded cheddar and serve with saltines.nPhotograph by Hallie Burton, ingredients: [10 to 12 dried pasilla chile peppers, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 12 jalapeno peppers, minced remove seeds for less heat, 9 cloves garlic, minced, 2 small red onions, diced, 3 pounds coarsely ground turkey thigh and breast meat, 13 cup tomato paste, 3 cups tomato sauce, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon granulated onion, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups canned pinto beans with liquid, 3 cups canned kidney beans with liquid, 2 cups canned black beans with liquid, Shredded Cheddar cheese, for garnish, Saltine crackers, for serving], title: Ryders Turkey Chili, picturelink: sJnA1k2KSvihwo4PJtwdFBnD3X6BD.y}, 23127: {instructions: Hold a fresh strawberry by the stem and dip the front of it in white chocolate. This will be the breastplate. Allow the chocolate to set. Dip one side of the berry in dark chocolate. Turn the berry and dip the other side in dark chocolate. This forms the coat. Allow the chocolate to set. Fill a small pastry bag with dark chocolate to pipe 2 to 3 buttons on the front of the white chocolate. Use more chocolate to draw a small bowtie at the top of the white breast. Trim the stem close to the hull. Voila, ingredients: [1 pound bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 1 pound white chocolate, tempered, 24 whole fresh strawberries], title: The Butlers Berries, picturelink: xjqAN74VTH73uPpi2LMLK5f9lGTwGoS}, 23128: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nIn a sifter combine the flour, baking soda and salt. Sift onto a large piece of waxed paper and set aside until needed.nHeat 1inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. With the heat on, place the semisweet chocolate in the top half of the double boiler. Use a rubber spatula to stir the chocolate until completely melted and smooth, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a 1quart bowl and set aside.nPlace the granulated sugar, light brown sugar and butter in a 7quart bowl. Use a stiff rubber spatula or a wooden spoon to cream the ingredients together until smooth. Add the eggs and vanilla extract and mix to incorporate. Add the melted chocolate and mix until combined. Add the sifted dry ingredients and thoroughly combine. Add the MMs, mixing to incorporate.nUsing 3 heaping tablespoons of dough for each cookie approximately 3 ounces, portion 6 cookies, evenly spaced, onto each of 3 nonstick baking sheets this is a hefty cookie, so dont crowd. Place the baking sheets on the top and center racks of the preheated oven and bake for 14 minutes. Remove the cookies from the oven and cool to room temperature on the baking sheets, about 30 minutes. Store the cooled cookies in a tightly sealed plastic container until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped into 14inch pieces, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup tightly packed light brown sugar, 14 pound room temperature unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 cups peanut MMs], title: Road Trip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 23129: {instructions: In large nonaluminum kettle, combine water and lemon juice. Peel and core apples cut into eighths and place immediately into lemon water.nAdd sugar and ginger bring mixture to boiling over high heat, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low and cook, uncovered, 10 minutes, stirring constantly.nMeanwhile, sterilize 2 quart or 4 pint jars and the necessary lids, and bands, according to manufacturers directions. With slotted spoon, divide apples and ginger among sterilized jars. Fill with hot syrup leaving 12 inch space at top of jar. Wipe rims of jars to remove any syrup and seal with lids and bands.nProcess jars in boiling water bath for 20 minutes both quarts or pints. Remove jars from water bath, tighten lids immediately, and set aside to cool completely. Label jars and store in cool, dry place, ingredients: [1 12 cups water, 14 cup lemon juice, 8 pounds firm pie apples, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup crystallized ginger], title: Ginger Apples, picturelink: null}, 23130: {instructions: 1. About half an hour before grilling, bring steak to room temperature.n2. Pulse parsley, oregano, shallot, garlic, 2 teaspoons salt, and chile flakes in a small food processor until roughly chopped. Add vinegar, oil, and 1 tablespoon water and pulse to a textured sauce. Transfer sauce to a serving bowl.n3. Preheat grill to medium.n4. Brush steak with oil and season generously with salt and pepper. Grill steak until seared and lightly charred, turning once, about 11 minutes per side. Hold steak with tongs and sear edges. Cook until an instantread thermometer, inserted into steak registers 125 degrees F for medium rare.n5. Transfer steak to a cutting board, cover loosely with foil, and rest for 10 minutes.nSlice steak and serve with chimichurri sauce., ingredients: [4 pound porterhouse steak, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, 1 shallot, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon red chile flakes, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for steak], title: Grilled Porterhouse with Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23131: {instructions: To prepare the Red Curry Paste:nIn a blender, combine all of the ingredients. Add a splash of water to help it blend easily. Blend until well mixed to a fine texture. Cook the paste in the oil until the paste is well cooked, about 7 to 10 minutes.nPreparation for Red Duck Curry:nInto a large saucepan over medium heat, add cooking oil and red curry paste and stir well. Add half of the coconut milk and gently stir. Add the duck, apple eggplant, pea eggplant, tomatoes, pineapple, and lychee. Bring to a boil and cook uncovered until vegetables are tender. Add the fish sauce and sugar to desired sweetness. Remove from heat and add the chili, basil, kaffir lime leaves and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [40 dried, long red chiles, rehydrated in hot water until soft, 3 tablespoons chopped red onion, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped galangal, 2 tablespoons chopped lemongrass, 2 tablespoons chopped kaffir lime rind, 1 coriander root, 12 tablespoon ground cumin powder, 1 tablespoon ground coriander powder, 1 tablespoon shrimp paste, 3 fresh long red chiles, 1 cup cooking oil, Red Duck Curry:, 2 tablespoons cooking oil, 4 tablespoons red curry paste, 1 12 cups coconut milk, 10 ounces boneless roasted duck, cut into bitesized pieces, 4 ounces apple eggplants, 4 ounces pea eggplants, 10 sweet Kris tomatoes, roughly chopped, 4 pineapples, cut into chunks, 4 lychees, fresh or canned, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 long red chili, 1 12 ounces sweet basil leaves, 6 kaffir lime leaves, Steamed jasmine rice, for serving, optional], title: Red Duck Curry, picturelink: null}, 23132: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the chicken and cook until golden brown on all sides, about 5 minutes.nIn a blender, combine the pesto ingredients and process until smooth, adding more oil if necessary to create a saucelike consistency.nAdd the sauce to the chicken in the skillet and cook for 1 minute to heat through. Serve the chicken and sauce over the pasta., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 14 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 ounces angel hair pasta, cooked, 1 packed cup fresh parsley leaves, 13 cup sour cream, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 3 tablespoons olive oil, or more as needed, 2 tablespoons toasted slivered almonds, 3 cloves garlic, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Chicken with AlmondParsley Pesto, picturelink: null}, 23133: {instructions: In a hot wok or skillet coated with oil, add ginger, onion, carrot, celery and scallions whites. Season and stir fry for 3 minutes. Add oyster sauce and squab to heat. Fill each lettuce cup with fried noodles then top with squab mix. Garnish with scallion greens and serve.nWine Suggestion: Cotes du Rhone Domaine SainteAnne Syrah 1995, ingredients: [Canola oil to cook, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 12 cup diced onion, 18inch thick, 12 cup diced carrot, 18inch thick, 14 cup diced celery, 18inch thick, 2 scallion slices, 116inch thick, separated, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 cup minced squab breast, 4 cups fried mung bean noodles, Salt and black pepper to taste, 8 lettuce cups from iceberg], title: Leftovers: Minced Squab in Lettuce Cups, picturelink: null}, 23134: {instructions: Mix the pudding mix, milk, and sweetened condensed milk and blend well. Fold in the whipped topping, bananas, and white chocolate chips. Refrigerate overnight. Serve in individual serving cups. Garnish with white chocolate chips and vanilla wafers., ingredients: [1 6ounce package vanilla instant pudding mix, 2 12 cups cold milk, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 16ounce container whipped topping, 2 pounds bananas, sliced, 1 cup white chocolate chips, plus more for garnish, Vanilla wafer cookies, for garnish], title: White Chocolate Banana Pudding, picturelink: null}, 23135: {instructions: Bring 3 cups of water to a boil in a 5quart saucepan. While waiting for the water to boil, trim ends off green beans. Place green beans in a colander or steamer basket. Place colander over the boiling water and cover with a lid, or place steamer basket in steamer and cover. Steam green beans for 2 minutes, or until crisp tender.nMeanwhile, place a nonstick small saute skillet over mediumhigh heat. Without any oil, add almonds and toss them lightly while sauteing dry saute until almonds are toasty brown.nRemove almonds from heat and combine with green beans. Toss until well mixed. Season, to taste, with salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 pound fresh green beans, 12 cup sliced almonds, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Toasted Almond Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 23136: {instructions: Boil potatoes in skin and let cool. Slice into quarters. Add eggs, mayonnaise, onion, and celery and fold together. Season to taste with salt, pepper and sugar., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 3 hard boiled eggs, finely chopped, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 medium yellow onion, finely diced, 2 stalks celery, finely diced, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Sugar, to taste], title: Potato Salad New Jersey Style, picturelink: null}, 23137: {instructions: Mash the beans.nUsing a fork, mash the beans in a medium bowl until they are mushy but still have some whole bean pieces throughout.nMake the burger mixture.nMix the breadcrumbs, grated onion, chili powder, egg and some salt and pepper into the beans. Add a splash of water if the mixture looks dry. Set aside for 5 minutes. Preheat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat and add a few tablespoons of canola oil.nForm the patties.nDivide the bean mixture into 4 equal balls and form into 4 nice, neat patties. Black bean burgers dont shrink when they cook, so whatever size you make them when they go into the skillet will be the size they are when they come out.nCook the burgers.nCook the burgers until browned, 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Add a slice of Swiss cheese to the top of each burger. Invert a second skillet on top of the first skillet and continue cooking, 2 minutes, until the cheese is melted.nTop the burgers.nCombine the mayonnaise and some hot sauce in a small bowl. Serve the burgers on toasted buns with the spicy mayonnaise, lettuce and sliced tomatoes.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [2 cups canned seasoned black beans, drained, 1 cup seasoned breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated onion, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 large egg, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Canola oil, for the pan, 4 slices Swiss cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise, Hot sauce, 4 burger buns, toasted, Lettuce and sliced tomatoes, for topping], title: Black Bean Burgers, picturelink: 8sVg8s3G.K9IBqBHZY85rkVIbYLQpu}, 23138: {instructions: Position the oven rack in the top third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Spray an 8 by 3inch round cake pan with nonstick spray.nCombine the sugar and 6 tablespoons water in a heavy medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. You will not stir the sugar after this point. Increase the heat and bring to a boil. Do not stir. Cook until the syrup is a deep amber color, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat. Carefully add the butter the caramel will bubble vigorously. Stir to blend, then add the flaked sea salt. Pour the caramel into the prepared cake pan. Let cool 5 minutes.nPeel, quarter and core the apples. Cut into 12inch thick slices. You dont want to cut the slices too thin because they will fall apart or break down when cooked  the 12inch slices will hold their shape. Fill a large bowl with water and add the lemon juice. Place the apple slices in the acidulated water and set aside. This will keep the apples white.nPlace the cake pan over a stovetop burner, but dont turn the burner on. Lay 2 apple slices in the center of the pan on top of the caramel. Arrange the remaining apple slices in a circle, overlapping one another so that the end result looks similar to a rose. While layering, occasionally press down on the apples to make sure they all fit into the pan. If the caramel starts to set, turn the heat on very low to help loosen it up.nWith an oven mitt the pan may be hot, pop the pan into the oven. Bake until the apples are tender and the caramel bubbles thickly, about 1 12 hours.nMeanwhile, unfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured work surface. Using a clean 9inch round cake pan bottom as an aid, trace and cut out a 9inch round from the pastry.nRemove the pan from the oven. Top the apples with the pastry round, pressing down and tucking in the edges. Pierce or dock the pastry all over with a fork. Return the pan to the oven and bake until the pastry is golden, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool the tart completely in the pan.nInvert a platter or cake stand over the cake pan. Hold the platter and the pan and invert. The tart will fall out onto the platter. If the tart does not cooperate, run the edge with a knife and place over medium heat until slightly warmed, then invert the pan onto the platter. Cut into wedges and serve with vanilla ice cream, if desired., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, Crystal flake sea salt recommended: Maldon, 7 to 8 medium Golden Delicious apples, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 17.3ounce package or 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, Flour, for dusting, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, optional], title: Salted Caramel Apple Tart Tatin, picturelink: U6sTUJQHYvG3UeuMfTDJNUQrevuhAQe}, 23139: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil and put a baking rack on top.nMix together the grill seasoning, dressing, and chopped herbs in a small bowl. Reserve 2 tablespoons. Generously rub the hens inside and out with the herb and dressing mixture. Stuff each hen with a sprig of each herb and a piece of lemon.nIn a large bowl, combine the carrots, onions and potatoes with the reserved 2 tablespoons of dressing mixture, a generous pinch of salt and pepper. Put the vegetables in a large roasting pan and arrange the hens on top. Roast them until the juices run clear and an instantread thermometer registers 180 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, about 50 to 55 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven, cover with foil and let the hens rest for 5 minutes before serving. Transfer the hens to a large serving tray with the roasted vegetables., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 12 cup red wine vinegrette dressing, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, plus 4 sprigs, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, plus 4 sprigs, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, plus 4 sprigs, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, plus 4 sprigs, 4 Cornish game hens, rinsed, 1 lemon, cut in quarters, 1 16ounce bag baby carrots, 1 16ounce bag frozen pearl onions, thawed, 12 pound red potatoes, cut into small chunks, Salt and fresh ground black pepper], title: Herb Roasted Cornish Game Hens, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 23140: {instructions: Mix together the chicken, collards, rice and blackeyed peas in a bowl.nHeat the vegetable oil to 375 degrees F in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat.nLine up the egg roll wrappers with one corner pointed toward you. Place a heaping tablespoon of the filling in the center of each wrapper. Fold the near corner up over the mixture, then fold in the left and right corners. Brush a bit of the beaten egg on the final corner to help seal the egg rolls, and then roll up into a package.nIn batches, fry the egg rolls in the hot oil until golden brown, turning occasionally, about 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels or a rack.nTransfer the egg rolls to a serving plate and top with spicy honey mustard if desired., ingredients: [12 cup diced cooked chicken, cooled, 12 cup diced cooked collard greens, cooled, 12 cup cooked rice, cooled, 12 cup cooked blackeyed peas, cooled, 1 to 2 cups vegetable oil depending on size of pan, Eight 7inch square egg roll wrappers, 1 egg, beaten, Spicy honey mustard, for serving], title: Merts Soul Rolls, picturelink: 7M9wriv4.9GUqqB7ibmr5kJ3YHGZuS}, 23141: {instructions: In a blender, blend the lime juice and watermelon together, creating watermelon water. Strain the liquid through a fine mesh strainer to remove any seeds. Place 12 cup of the watermelon water into a saucepan and add the sugar, lime zest and ginger coins. Bring the mixture to a simmer to dissolve the sugar and infuse the liquid with the ginger and lime flavor. Set aside to cool. Add the grated ginger to the remaining watermelon water. Once the syrup is cool, remove the ginger coins and mix into the watermelon water. Pour the mixture into a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish. Place the dish into the freezer to chill. Every 30 minutes, scrape the mixture with a fork to break up the ice crystals and to keep it light and fluffy. Continue scraping every 30 minutes for at least 2 hours. Scrape the granita into elegant glasses and sprinkle with fleur de sel., ingredients: [14 cup fresh lime juice, 6 cups roughly chopped seedless watermelon about 2 pounds, 12 cup sugar, 1 lime, zested, 1 2inch piece ginger divided, 1inch cut into coins, 1inch peeled and grated, Fleur de sel, for garnish], title: Watermelon, Ginger and Lime Granita, picturelink: null}, 23142: {instructions: Put the potatoes into a large pot, cover with water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water and cook the potatoes until tender. Drain and return the potatoes to the hot pot. Add the Camembert and milk and toss to coat the potatoes in the cheese the mixture will look slightly mashed. Stir in the lemon zest and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl, garnish with lots of chives and serve., ingredients: [2 12 pounds small potatoes, halved or quartered, such as Yukon gold, Salt, 13 pound wedge ripe Camembert cheese, diced, 14 to 13 cup milk or halfandhalf, 1 lemon, zested, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chives], title: Camembert Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 23143: {instructions: Special equipment: an immersion blendernCombine the whole tomatoes and their liquid, the olive oil, onion, basil, oregano, salt, pepper and 4 cloves garlic in a large bowl or 2gallon container and puree with an immersion blender until smooth.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to smoke. Reduce the heat to medium, add the grapeseed oil and remaining 4 cloves garlic and quickly saute. Add the diced tomatoes and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the pureed tomato sauce and bring to a simmer. Cook for 15 minutes, remove from the heat. Bring back to a simmer when you are ready to plate., ingredients: [5 cups canned whole San Marzano tomatoes, plus liquid from the can, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup diced yellow onion, 2 tablespoons fresh basil, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, chopped, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 8 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 3 cups canned diced San Marzano tomatoes], title: Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23144: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nArrange the turkey bacon on a sheet pan and bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until crisp. Cool and chop.nPut the potatoes in a medium sauce pot and cover with cold water. Bring the water to a boil and season with salt. Cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and mash potatoes with buttermilk and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the chives and cheddar and fold in the bacon.nRachael cuts calories here by using turkey bacon, and buttermilk instead of sour cream. As she says, If you eat well, you can eat morenPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 slices turkey bacon, 2 pounds small Yukon gold potatoes, halved, Salt, 1 cup buttermilk, eyeball it, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, a handful, 12 cup shredded extrasharp Cheddar cheese, yellow or white, 2 handfuls], title: Mashed Potato Skins, picturelink: ruNEsC9f5eQmN7T4KDJsslFbpVEVMhq}, 23145: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the preserved lemon, olive oil, parsley, honey and some salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the salad greens, bell peppers, feta and hazelnuts, toss together and serve., ingredients: [1 preserved lemon, chopped, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch fresh salad greens, 3 mini bell peppers, sliced, 1 cup goats milk feta, crumbled, 1 cup hazelnuts, toasted and chopped], title: Farmers Salad, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 23146: {instructions: Grill, steam or boil the hot dogs, and then place them in the buns. Top each with 1 tablespoon relish, 12 tablespoon white onion, 3 sport peppers and some yellow mustard., ingredients: [4 all beef hot dogs in natural casing, 4 hot dog buns, 4 tablespoons relish, 2 tablespoons chopped raw white onion, 12 sport peppers, Yellow mustard, for topping], title: Depression Dog, picturelink: YYmOvAZATQ.uDHLRAojlcRaH3oCKoDW}, 23147: {instructions: For the cheeseburger: Heat some grapeseed oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until caramelized, 15 minutes. Hold.nHeat a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Form the beef into a patty and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sear the burger in a hot skillet cook to the desired temperature. Add the cheese when ready.nIn a small bowl, mix the ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard, garlic salt and onion salt. Hold until ready.nToast the burger bun. Place the bun on the plate spread on both sides with the sauce. Layer the bottom bun with the lettuce, tomato and pickles. Top with the burger and the caramelized onions. Cover with the bun top and serve., ingredients: [Grapeseed oil, for pan, 1 slice onion, 6 ounces ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 slice American cheese, 1 teaspoon ketchup, 1 teaspoon mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon mustard, 13 teaspoon garlic salt, 13 teaspoon onion salt, 13 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 hamburger bun, 1 iceberg lettuce leaf, 2 tomato slices, 4 pickle slices], title: Cheeseburger, picturelink: Uqx4krcDBrsqoFGECb7b6y3JplXbKfa}, 23148: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a deep saute pan, over medium heat. Add the bell pepper, onions and garlic and saute until tender, approximately 7 to 10 minutes. Add the clams, mussels, red wine, chicken stock, marinara, red pepper flakes, shrimp and fish fillet and continue cooking until the clams and mussels are open, the shrimp cooked through and the fish is flaky. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with a side of pasta and good bread, if desired., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 12 cup bell peppers, chopped, 12 cup sliced onions, 1 clove garlic, minced, 6 to 8 clams, 6 to 8 mussels, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 12 cups marinara sauce, Red pepper flakes, to taste, 6 shrimp shelled and deveined, 1 small fish fillet recommended: sea bass, flounder or other mild firm flesh fish], title: Cioppino, picturelink: b8sP5DhTKEUKklDUSainBOE6J2El7fy}, 23149: {instructions: In saute pan, melt 12 stick of butter. Add plantains, nutmeg and brown sugar. Mix to combine. Remove pan from heat, add rum and banana liqueur. Using a long kitchen match ignite the liqueur. When the alcohol burns off add the orange juice and remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Stir to combine and serve in bowls with ice cream., ingredients: [12 stick butter, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 ripe plantains, 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup rum, 14 cup banana liqueur, 13 cup orange juice, Ice cream], title: Plantains Foster, picturelink: null}, 23150: {instructions: Prepare a grill or grill pan for mediumhigh heat.nFor the salad: Mix the sliced cucumbers with the garlic, Greek yogurt, dill, mint and lemon juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nFor the burger: In a bowl, mix together the ground beef, oregano and garlic. Form into four 6ounce patties. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side, or to desired doneness.nSpread the burger buns with mayonnaise. Layer the bun bottoms with a burger patty, a roasted tomato, and then some red onions and feta. Cover with the bun tops. Serve with cucumber salad on the side.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the tomatoes in half through the meridian and place cutside up on a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and oregano. Roast until the tomatoes are beginning to collapse and have browned a bit on top, about 2 hours., ingredients: [4 cucumbers, peeled and sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup Greek yogurt, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh dill, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and black pepper, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 4 hamburger buns, Mayonnaise, for spreading, 4 Roasted Tomatoes, recipe follows, Red onion, thinly sliced, for topping, 12 cup crumbled feta, 4 beefsteak tomatoes, Olive oil, Kosher salt, Dried oregano], title: Big Greek Gus Burger and Cucumber Salad, picturelink: uf1dx209ktGffmnjEA34oHjrH27JfDa}, 23151: {instructions: Special equipment: a tortilla pressnHeat the olive oil in a medium Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, season with some salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cilantro stems and cook, stirring once or twice, until softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, chipotle and adobo sauce.nSeason the pork with some salt, add it to the Dutch oven and cook, stirring once or twice, until golden brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Stir in the beer, scraping any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Stir in the chicken stock and lime zest and juice and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the pork is forktender, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, using your hands, shape the masa into 6 even balls. Cut some wax paper into a few squares slightly larger than the tortilla press. Spray 2 pieces with some nonstick spray. Sandwich a ball of masa between the pieces of wax paper, sprayed sides against the dough, and press to flatten. Remove the tortilla and set aside. Repeat with the remaining dough, using new pieces of wax paper if necessary.nHeat a castiron griddle or pan over mediumhigh heat and cook the tortillas until golden brown, about 30 seconds per side. Keep warm while you finish the pork.nTaste the pork and adjust the seasoning as needed. Fold some pork in each tortilla and top with the queso fresco, some cilantro and a squeeze of lime., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, halved and thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves and stems separated, plus more leaves for garnish, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 chipotle en adobo sauce, minced, plus 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, 1 12 pounds pork shoulder, sliced into thin strips, 6 ounces lager beer, such as Tecate, 14 cup chicken stock, Zest of 2 limes, 12 cup freshly squeezed juice, plus lime wedges for garnish, 6 ounces masa dough, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup shredded queso fresco, for garnish], title: ChipotleBraised Pork Tacos, picturelink: null}, 23152: {instructions: Mix 1 cup water, the mint, basil, sage and honey in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the tea bags and steep, about 2 minutes. Pour the tea into a pitcher. Add the iced water and ice. Serve the tea cold., ingredients: [14 cup firmly packed fresh mint leaves, 4 fresh basil leaves, 4 fresh sage leaves, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 green tea bags, 3 cups iced water, 1 cup ice], title: Garden Iced Green Tea, picturelink: null}, 23153: {instructions: Combine tomato juice, scallion jalapeno, horseradish, lemon juice, garlic and salt and pepper in a blender. Blend until smooth. Pour in a pitcher and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 quart tomato juice, 1 scallion, roughly chopped, 1 jalapeno with seeds, stemmed, 2 tablespoons grated fresh horseradish, or to taste, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, Grey salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Bloody Bull Mix, picturelink: null}, 23154: {instructions: Preheat oil to 365 degrees in a deep fryer or skillet. Make sure the oil is at least 34inch deep.nPlace the flour and breadcrumbs on separate plates. In a medium bowl, mix together the egg and milk. Cut bananas diagonally into 34inchthickslices. Dredge individual pieces of banana in the flour and shake off the excess. Dip into the egg mixture to coat, then dredge in bread crumbs. Working in small batches, fry the bananas for 3 minutes on each side, or until golden brown. Remove from the oil with tongs and drain well on paper towels. Mix together the confectioners sugar and cinnamon, and dust liberally on the schnitzels. Serve while still hot. Goes great with ice cream. These should be served immediately, but they can be held for 3 hours at room temperature, then reheated for 5 minutes in a 350 degree oven., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup unflavored bread crumbs, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons milk, 4 ripe but firm bananas, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Banana Schnitzles, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 23155: {instructions: Roasted or rotisserie chicken takes on a new dimension in the quick salad. Adding ginger and soy sauce to a bottled oil and vinegar dressing gives it an Asian flavor. A mixture of baby or very young greens is called mesclun or sometimes field greens.nPlace chicken pieces, water chestnuts and scallions in a large bowl. Mix dressing, soy sauce, and ginger together and pour over the chicken. Toss well. Divide mesclun between 2 plates and spoon chicken salad on top., ingredients: [12 pound roasted, readytoeat chicken pieces, 1 cup drained, sliced water chestnuts, 4 scallions, sliced 12 cup, 3 tablespoons nosugaradded oil olive or canola and vinegar dressing, 2 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 4 cups washed, readytoeat mesclun], title: Crunchy Asian Chicken Salad, picturelink: vHqfiIij7StWSrfaqEpKKXUDPL5p8q}, 23156: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 cup muffin tin, pastry brushnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush the muffin cups with butter and line each with 1 wonton square. Brush the squares with more butter and place the second wonton on top of the first at an angle so that all of the points show. Divide the prosciutto among 6 of the muffin cups. Break 1 egg into each muffin cup. Top the 6 with the prosciutto with the Parmesan and, using 2 slices of red pepper each, form an X on top of each egg.nTop the other 6 eggs with the brie and form an X on the top of those with the tarragon leaves. Sprinkle all with a little salt and pepper and place in the bottom half of the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the egg white is firm but yolk still liquid. Remove from the oven and let sit 5 minutes before carefully removing the baskets from the tin. Arrange on a decorative platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, melted, 24 wonton squares, 6 slices shaved prosciutto, chopped, 12 large eggs, 6 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 roasted red pepper, cut into thin strips, 6 slices Brie cheese, 12 fresh tarragon leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Eggs in a Basket, picturelink: null}, 23157: {instructions: Frost the cake white. Using a ruler and a knife, lightly mark a sixpointed star. Frost each section a different color and frost the center red. Let the cake sit for a few hours so the frosting forms a crust. Use a marble to make indentations, then set in the gumballs., ingredients: [1 baked 12inch round cake, 4 cups white frosting, 12 cup each purple, blue, orange, yellow, green and pink frosting, 1 cup red frosting, 60 gumballs, 10 of each frosting color], title: Chinese Checkerboard Cake, picturelink: null}, 23158: {instructions: On cutting board, remove all the fat and gristle from sirloin. Marinate by spreading mustard and garlic over top. Add Worcestershire sauce, black pepper and salt. Let the meat marinate at room temperature for at least one hour but not more that 2. When ready to cook, start barbecue and let it warm up for about ten minutes. Place the beef on the grill. Cook for 8 minutes per side, medium rare or until the beef is done to your taste. Transfer beef to carving board, using barbecue tongs. Carve the beef by slicing across the grain into strips 14inch thick. At the same time that you transfer the beef, start toasting the white sandwich bread. Slice the bread into 3 strips and place on serving platter. Arrange beef on top of sliced bread.nIn a saucepan on the grill, heat unsalted butter. Add Worcestershire sauce, garlic, wine, pepper, salt and, whisking constantly, cook over medium heat for about 5 minutes. Remove saucepan from grill and spoon the sauce over the beef and bread. Serve immediately. Must eat while hot, and must be eaten using your fingers., ingredients: [2 2 pound, 1 12 inches thick top sirloin, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon crushed garlic, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 loaf white sandwich bread must be white bread, 1 pound unsalted butter, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 4 tablespoons crushed garlic, 14 cup Madeira wine, 12 tablespoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Clahans Jersey Beef, picturelink: null}, 23159: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour 2 9inch cake pans. In a large bowl, stir together the flour, cocoa, baking powder, and salt. In another large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time. In a small bowl, combine the milk, food coloring, and vanilla. Using a spatula, fold into the egg mixture the flour mixture alternating with the liquids, ending with the dry ingredients. Pour the batter into the pans and bake about 30 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool in pans 5 minutes before turning out onto racks. When the cakes are completely cool, frost with Buttercream Frosting between the layers, on the sides, and on top of the cake.nMix all the ingredients together until light and fluffy., ingredients: [2 cups cake flour, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks butter, softened, 1 34 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 3 teaspoons red food coloring, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, 6 cups powdered sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, softened, 4 to 6 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Red Velvet Cake, picturelink: null}, 23160: {instructions: Melt the butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, season with salt and cook until golden brown, 4 to 6 minutes set aside.nCombine 12 cup breadcrumbs and the milk in a bowl set aside until the milk is absorbed, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir the sherry and mustard powder in a large bowl until dissolved, then beat in 1 egg. Add the soaked breadcrumbs, the browned onion, the pork, turkey, honey, allspice, 2 teaspoons salt, and pepper to taste. Gently mix with your hands until combined.nDampen your hands form the mixture into 36 small meatballs, about 1 tablespoon each. Put on a parchment paperlined baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight.nPut the remaining 1 cup breadcrumbs in a shallow dish. Whisk the remaining 2 eggs and 2 tablespoons water in a bowl. Dip each meatball in egg, letting the excess drip off, then roll in the breadcrumbs return to the baking sheet.nHeat about 1 12 inches vegetable oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 325 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the meatballs, gently stirring with a slotted spoon, until golden and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and season with salt. Let stand 10 minutes.nFold the lingonberry preserves into the sour cream and top with the dill. Skewer each meatball with a pickled cucumber slice and serve with the lingonberry cream.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 medium onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups breadcrumbs, 13 cup milk, 2 teaspoons dry sherry, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, 3 large eggs, 12 pound ground pork, 12 pound ground turkey, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 tablespoons lingonberry or cranberry preserves, 12 cup sour cream, Chopped fresh dill, for topping, Fresh pickled cucumber slices, for serving], title: Swedish Meatballs, picturelink: g31M0o7mmgvovIS0IYyh.8vUOBRu}, 23161: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nAdd oil to saute pan. Season meat on all sides with salt and pepper. Sear meat on all sides, about 2 to 3 minutes each side. Place meat on sheet tray with a rack. Roast meat for 30 to 40 minutes. Crank oven up to 450 degrees F. and roast for an additional 15 to 20 minutes until crust forms and meat is nicely colored. When done, allow to rest before slicing. In a small bowl reserve juice for Bourbon Mushroom Sauce.nIn a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add 4 tablespoons butter. Add garlic, mushrooms and onion and cook for 4 to 5 minutes until nicely Add flour and mix well to form pasty roux., ingredients: [14 cup coarse sea salt, 14 cup coarse cracked black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, for searing, 1 whole Beef Striploin, trimmed with some fatback remaining, Bourbon Mushroom Sauce, recipe follows, 5 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 tablespoons garlic, minced, 1 cup cremini mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup onion, finely diced, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup bourbon, 3 cups beef stock, Salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Roast Beef with Bourbon Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23162: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace clams in a bucket of cold water with cornmeal and salt. Set aside.nPlace bread crumbs, Parmesan, lemon juice, zest, garlic, pesto, parsley, and olive oil in a bowl. Mix all of the ingredients together with half of the clarified butter. Mix together until moist but not too wet. Use additional butter only if needed.nOpen each clam and place mixture on top. Place in oven and bake for 12 minutes, or until golden brown., ingredients: [3 pounds Littleneck clams, 1 cup cornmeal, 2 tablespoons salt, 3 cups bread crumbs, 12 cup Parmesan, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons pesto, 12 cup chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup olive oil, 14 pound clarified butter], title: Baked Clams, picturelink: null}, 23163: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the shrimp: Place a deep pot half filled with water on the stove over high heat. Squeeze the juice of 1 lemon into the water and drop the halved lemon into the pot. Add the coriander seeds, mustard seeds and bay leaves to the water. When the water boils, add the shrimp. Boil until the shrimp turn pink and the tails curl towards the heads, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain and cold shock under running water.nFor the remoulade: Combine the mayonnaise, mustard, cayenne sauce, scallions, celery and lemon juice in a small bowl.nArrange the shrimp around the sauce on a serving plate and serve., ingredients: [1 lemon, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, a palmful, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, a palmful, 2 dried bay leaves, 36 large to jumbo shrimp, raw, peeled and deveined ask for these at the fish counter, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup Creole mustard, eyeball the amount, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper sauce, eyeball it, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 rib celery, finely chopped, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Shrimp Cocktail with Rachs Quick Remoulade, picturelink: 49ZeWfvG99JwhYfm3uBME7emmF4aW}, 23164: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: muffin tinsnAdd to a large pitcher the white grape juice and pomegranate juice. Pour the juice into 1 muffin tin, filling the cups half of the way up. Drop a few fresh raspberries and pomegranate seeds into each muffin cup and place in the freezer until frozen.nPlace the pitcher with the remaining juice in the fridge until ready to serve. Right before serving, pour the juice into a punch bowl and top with ginger ale and prosecco.nRemove the muffin tin from the freezer and remove the ice cubes with a small spatula let sit out for a minute if they dont pop out. Add ice cubes to punch bowl and serve, ingredients: [2 quarts white grape juice, 1 quart pomegranate juice, 6 ounces fresh raspberries, 12 pint pomegranate seeds, One 1liter bottle ginger ale, 2 bottles prosecco], title: Prosecco Punch, picturelink: UVFFsbE9X4VXCA7RNAr1PejokBFA2}, 23165: {instructions: Special equipment: an 18inch piping bag fitted with a round tipnFor the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin pans with cupcake liners and set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, add the sugar, glutenfree baking mix, cocoa powder and salt and mix on low speed until combined. Add the eggs one at a time, waiting until each egg is fully incorporated before adding the next. Add the milk, oil and vanilla and mix on low speed until combined. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl to make sure all the ingredients are thoroughly combined. Turn the mixer to low and slowly pour in 1 cup hot water, making sure it is evenly incorporated into the batter.nFill the cupcake liners twothirds full with the batter and bake until the top of each cupcake is slightly springy to the touch and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 14 to 16 minutes. Immediately turn the cupcakes out of the pans onto a cooling rack and let cool completely.nFor the mint chocolate ganache filling: Put the cream in a saucepot and heat to a scald over medium heat. Do not boilnPut the chocolate in a mixing bowl and pour the hot cream over it. Let it sit a moment and then gently stir to combine and melt the chocolate. Stir in the peppermint extract, and then set aside to cool and thicken up. The ganache can be made several days ahead of time and kept in an airtight container in the refrigerator.nFor the mint chocolate chip Italian meringue buttercream: Put the sugar and 14 cup water in a heavy saucepan and heat over high heat until the sugar mixture registers 250 degrees F on a candy thermometer, 15 to 20 minutes.nWhile the sugar is cooking, whip the egg whites on medium speed in the bowl of a stand mixer to the softpeak stage the whites will look foamy and white, being careful not to overwhip. If the whites start to look clumpy, theyve been overwhipped. If this happens, toss them out and start again. If the whites are beating faster than the sugar is cooking, turn down the mixer speed. You can always turn up the speed if you need to. Add the cream of tartar and continue whipping.nWhile the egg whites are whipping on medium speed, gently pour the sugar syrup down the side of the mixing bowl. Turn the speed up to high and whip until the mixing bowl no longer feels warm to the touch, about 7 minutes. Turn the mixer back to medium and add the butter in small chunks, whipping until it is completely incorporated. Stop the mixer, scrape down the sides of the bowl and add the peppermint extract and sea salt. Turn the mixer back to mediumlow speed and mix until the peppermint extract is fully incorporated. Add the mini chocolate chips and stir to combine.nFit an 18inch piping bag with a round tip and twist and hold the bag right by the tip to prevent the buttercream from leaking out. Fold the top of the piping bag over your hand and spoon the buttercream into the bag.nTo assemble, use an apple corer or knife to core out the center of each cupcake. Fill each cupcake with some of the mint chocolate ganache and frost the top of each with some mint chocolate chip Italian meringue buttercream., ingredients: [2 23 cups sugar, 1 12 cups glutenfree baking mix, 1 cup cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 12 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 cups chopped goodquality milk chocolate, such as Callebaut, 1 teaspoon glutenfree peppermint extract, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 ounces egg whites from about 4 large eggs, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 3 sticks 12 ounces salted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon glutenfree peppermint extract, Pinch fine sea salt, 14 cup mini chocolate chips], title: Barbies Fresh and Flirty New York Night Out Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 23166: {instructions: In a large saucepan of salted boiling water cook oats 25 minutes. Drain oats in a colander and rinse under cold water. Set colander over a kettle of boiling water oats should not touch water and steam oats, covered with a kitchen towel and lid, until fluffy and fry, 5 to 10 minutes check water level in kettle occasionally, adding water if necessary.nWhile oats are cooking, in large bowl stir together onion, shallot, allspice, and salt. Stir in hot oats and cool. Stir in lemon juice, oil, parsley, mint, and salt and pepper to taste. Add cucumber and tomatoes and toss salad gently. Bring salad to room temperature before serving.nIn a large saucepan of salted boiling water cook oats 25 minutes. Drain oats in a colander and rinse under cold water. Set colander over a kettle of boiling water oats should not touch water and steam oats, covered with a kitchen towel and lid, until fluffy and fry, 5 to 10 minutes check water level in kettle occasionally, adding water if necessary.nWhile oats are cooking, in large bowl stir together onion, shallot, allspice, and salt. Stir in hot oats and cool. Stir in lemon juice, oil, parsley, mint, and salt and pepper to taste. Add cucumber and tomatoes and toss salad gently. Bring salad to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 cup whole oats, 12 cup minced onion, 1 large shallot if desired, minced, 1 18 teaspoons ground allspice, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil preferably extravirgin, or to taste, 12cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 cucumber, peeled if desired, seeded, and chopped, 1 cup vineripened cherry tomatoes, quartered, 1 cup whole oats, 12 cup minced onion, 1 large shallot if desired, minced, 1 18 teaspoons ground allspice, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil preferably extravirgin, or to taste, 12cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 cucumber, peeled if desired, seeded, and chopped, 1 cup vineripened cherry tomatoes, quartered], title: Herbed WholeOat Salad, picturelink: null}, 23167: {instructions: Halve avocados and remove pit. Roll limes or heat in microwave for 10 seconds to get juices flowing. Halve the limes. Rub the avocado halves gently with 12 lime to retard the browning. Juice limes into small bowl and mix with sugar, chili powder and salt using a fork or small whisk. Add extravirgin olive oil in a slow stream while mixing dressing. Pour dressing into the cavities of avocados, distributing it equally and serve. Garnish with chives or cilantro as an optional garnish., ingredients: [2 ripe Haas avocados, 2 limes, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Chopped chives or cilantro for garnish, optional], title: Chili Lime Avocados, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 23168: {instructions: A full 24 hours before you make your frozen yogurt, place your ice cream maker insert into the freezer.nAdd strawberries, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice, and rum to a bowl and toss. Cover with plastic wrap and let the strawberries macerate at room temperature for 1 hour.nAdd the strawberries with their juices to a food processor. Pulse the berries, and then add the vanilla beans seeds and yogurt. Continue to blend until smooth.nPlace in the refrigerator to chill for 1 hour.nTurn your ice cream machine on and pour in the chilled yogurt mixture. Churn until the mixture looks slushy like soft serve, about 12 to 15 minutes.nPlace in the freezer for several hours until hard enough to scoop., ingredients: [4 cups strawberries, hulled and chopped, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon rum, 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise and seeds scraped, 1 cup plain wholemilk Greek yogurt], title: Strawberry Frozen Yogurt, picturelink: k1StQp2HCtEzwvGZuW3Q9d7FRTNarBW}, 23169: {instructions: Bring a large pot with 12 cups of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the tea bags and let them steep for 10 minutes. Allow the tea to cool and discard the tea bags. Pour the liquid into a large glass pitcher.nMeanwhile, add the sugar and 1 cup water to a saucepan and bring to a simmer, over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Drop in the handful of mint, remove from heat and allow the mixture to cool. At this point, strain and add the sugar syrup to the pitcher. Stir the drink well and divide it between 12 glasses filled with ice. Garnish each serving with some fresh mint sprigs and raspberries., ingredients: [10 bags raspberry zinger tea, 3 bags mint tea, 12 cups water for tea, plus 1 cup for the sugar syrup, 1 cup sugar, 1 handful fresh mint stems and leaves, plus additional sprigs for garnish, Fresh raspberries, for garnish], title: Ginas Raspberry Mint Tea, picturelink: b3mZuKAIHXbs4rUzo7DsVqrTOOXq6m}, 23170: {instructions: Trim the outer fat from the steak or ask the butcher to do so. Rub the fat with the cut lemon to prevent burning and smoking. Score both sides of the tail of the steak and then fold it back towards the main body and attach it to the meat with a small metal skewer or sturdy wooden skewer. If using a wooden skewer, soak it in water for about 20 minutes first.nCombine the olive oil, garlic, scallions, salt and pepper in a glass or ceramic dish. Put the steak in the dish and turn several times to coat. Cover and marinate at room temperature for 1 hour or in the refrigerator for as long as 4 hours. Turn the meat once or twice during marinating.nPrepare a charcoal or gas grill. Lightly spray the grill rack with vegetable oil cooking spray. The coals should be moderately hot to hot. Lift the steak from the marinade. Discard the marinade. Grill the steak, covered, for 10 to 12 minutes. Turn and grill, covered, for 10 to 12 minutes longer for mediumrare, or until it reaches the desired degree of doneness. Let the meat rest for a few minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 to 3 12 pounds porterhouse steak, about 2inches thick, Metal or wooden skewer, 12 lemon, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 scallions, white parts only, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, Vegetable oil cooking spray], title: Lobels Classic Grilled Porterhouse Steak, picturelink: null}, 23171: {instructions: In a pitcher, stir together the pineapple juice, orange juice, and cherry juice. Fill a tall glass with ice, pour over the juice mixture, garnish with a cherry and a slice of orange. For the adults, add 1 ounce dark rum to each drink., ingredients: [2 cups pineapple juice, 2 cups orange juice, 4 maraschino cherries, plus 12 cup juice, 12 orange, cut into 4 slices, 4 ounces dark rum, optional], title: Mardi Gras Cocktail, picturelink: eTbAJn1lPxFCausCFy8DUMtJJRl4uC}, 23172: {instructions: In a medium skillet, melt the butter over medium heat and cook the shallots for 2 minutes. Add the wine and vinegar and bring to a simmer. Cook liquid until it starts to thicken. Stir in the heavy cream and simmer for 4 minutes. Stir in the parsley, salt, pepper and scallops. Simmer the scallops for about two minutes or until they are a milky white. Serve immediately with rice pilaf., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 cup shallot, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, Salt and pepper, 12 pound fresh sea scallops], title: Scallops with White Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23173: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the pizza crusts on a pizza pan or a large baking sheet. Spread the crusts with pesto sauce. Top with the peppers, tomatoes, olives, and pine nuts. Sprinkle with the shredded mozzarella, and place the mozzarella slices on top. Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until the pizza has reached the desired doneness., ingredients: [1 14inch prebaked pizza crust or 2 8inch prebaked pizza crusts, 34 cup pesto sauce, 12 cup sliced roasted red peppers, 14 cup sliced sundried tomatoes packed in oil, 14 cup sliced kalamata olives, 14 cup pine nuts, 4 cups 16 ounces shredded mozzarella cheese, 4 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, sliced], title: Mediterranean Pizza With Fresh Mozzarella, picturelink: OQDkkPGmjb.8VA.LywQ5I0G63dCeG}, 23174: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 3inch nonstick madeleine moldsnPut an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter 12 madeleine molds liberally with butter. Dust with flour and set aside.nBatter: In a medium bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the egg whites until frothy. Add the cake mix, butter, honey, water, lemon zest, and almond extract. Beat the ingredients on low speed for 30 seconds. Increase the speed to high and beat until the batter is smooth, about 2 minutes. Spoon the batter into the prepared molds. Bake until the edges are golden and the center of the cookies spring back when touched, about 15 to 16 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes. Using a small rubber spatula, remove the madeleines and arrange, scalloped side up, on a wire rack. Cool for 15 minutes and serve., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing molds, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 cup yellow cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker Supermoist Butter Recipe, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon almond extract], title: HoneyAlmond Madeleines, picturelink: Tp6oemVkT.SI8TYCVtjMMSCTX4Eig2}, 23175: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Knead dough together with 4 tablespoons of oil, 2 ounces sugar and a pinch of salt. Roll half of it out thinly into a rectangular shape the same size as the baking tin. Grease the tin and line it with the thinly rolled out dough. Sprinkle this with 4 tablespoons of sugar and half of the grapes. Roll out the remaining dough and put this on top to form a second layer. Sprinkle with the rest of the grapes. Let in rise in a warm space, then sprinkle with remaining sugar and cook for 30 minutes or until well risen and golden brown.nCombine the water, yeast, and honey and let sit for 5 minutes or until the mixture is foamy. Add the flour and the salt and mix until well combined and a dough is formed. If the dough is too sticky, add a little more flour.nTurn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until the dough is smooth, about 5 minutes. Place in an oiled bowl, cover, and let rise until doubled in a warm, draftfree spot, about 45 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [2 pounds black grapes, 1 pound bread dough, recipe follows, 6 ounces sugar, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 1 12 cups warm water, 1 envelope dry yeast, 1 tablespoon honey, 4 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Schiacciata with Grapes, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 23176: {instructions: In a large combine all the above ingredients together and let sit 1 hour covered.nHeat oil in a high sided saute pan to about 350 degrees. Pat dry the cod fillets and coat evenly with the beer batter. Fry fillets in the hot oil until golden brown on both sides. Drain on paper towels. Serve hot with a generous amount of tartar sauce.nUsing a food processor fitted with the sharp blade, add cornichons, capers, and shallots, to the work bowl. Process for a few seconds just to combine. Add the mayonnaise, mustard, herbs, lemon juice, and pepper, and process for 8 seconds to well. Open the pour spout, and with the motor running, slowly add the oil in stream. Remove tartar sauce to am airtight container and refrigerate for 24 hours before using to allow flavors to develop. Makes 3 cups., ingredients: [34 cup all purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 whole egg, 1 cup very cold beer, Pinch salt, Pinch cayenne, 4 5inch cod fillets, 1 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup chopped cornichons, 14 cup chopped capers, 3 medium shallots, peeled and rough chopped, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 3 heaping tablespoons dill, 4 heaping tablespoons chives, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil], title: Moonens CodWich, picturelink: null}, 23177: {instructions: For the tapenade: Pulse the olives, capers, anchovies and garlic in a small food processor until pureed. Gradually add the olive oil. Season with lemon juice and pepper.nFor the fish: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F200 degrees C. Pat the fish dry with paper towels. Place on a baking sheet and smear each with a spoonful of the tapenade. Put a few slices of tomato on top, drizzle with some olive oil and sprinkle with salt, pepper and herbes de provence. Bake until the fish is cooked, 6 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup100 g pitted green olives, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 anchovy fillets, rinsed and patted dry, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, Lemon juice, Freshly ground pepper, 4 white fish fillets, such as sole or halibut about 4 ounces125 g each, 2 small tomatoes, sliced, Olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Herbes de provence, for sprinkling], title: Fish with Tomatoes and Green Olive Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 23178: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat a small sauce pot with oil over medium heat. Add garlic and crushed pepper flakes and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Simmer a few minutes.nArrange the fish sticks in a baking dish and pour half the sauce over the fish  reserve the rest to pass at the dinner table. Scatter 12 cup provolone cheese and the Parmesan over the fish and bake 18 minutes until fish is crispy and cheese has melted. Garnish with lots of fresh shredded basil.nWhile fish bakes, cut the pita breads into wedges, 6 per pita, using a knife or kitchen scissors. Scatter the pita on a baking sheet, spray the bread wedges with olive oil cooking spray and season with garlic powder and dried oregano and bake 10 to 12 minutes until crisp. Remove pita chips and cover with roasted red peppers, mushrooms, artichokes, olives and remaining 1 cups provolone cheese. Place the nachos back in the oven 5 minutes to melt cheese then serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, grated, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 11ounce box fish sticks 18 sticks, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 12 cups shredded provolone cheese, divided, 12 cup shredded basil, about 10 leaves, 6 pita breads, Olive oil cooking spray, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 3 roasted red peppers, drained, pat dry and chopped, 1 small jar marinated mushrooms, drained and chopped, 1 can artichoke hearts in water, drained, quartered, 12 cup chopped pitted good quality olives], title: Antipachos Italian Nachos and Fish Stick Parm, picturelink: RXjJ9iLDLRDp16d77VH8pSRZGMpGmu}, 23179: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine salt, brown sugar and corn syrup in a standing mixer bowl with paddle attachment. Add flour, butter and vanilla extract and mix well. Add espresso beans and pecans.nPlace the batter in heaping tablespoons on nonstick baking sheet, 3 cookies at a time. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, watching carefully. Crumble 3 pieces of parchment paper and set on a dry work surface.nRemove cookie sheet from the oven. Peel the cookies off, one at a time, from the sheet. Drape over 3 pieces of crumpled shaped parchment paper. Timing here is important. If cookies become too hard before draping, place in oven to soften. Cookies, if too soft, will tear, and if too hard, will crack when removing from the cookie sheet., ingredients: [12 teaspoon salt, 1 cups brown sugar, 1 cups corn syrup, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 6 ounces butter softened, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 23 cup crushed espresso beans, 1 cup chopped pecans], title: Espresso Tuile, picturelink: null}, 23180: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a medium heavy saucepan or skillet over mediumlow heat. Saute the rice, stirring constantly, until golden brown and crackling, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and serranos and cook until the onions just soften. Then add the garlic and saute until the aroma is released, about 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in the hot stock or water and warm Red Tomato Salsa, mixing well to combine. Transfer to a 4quart baking dish or casserole. Cover with foil and bake until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 30 to 40 minutes. Stir, remove serrano chiles if desired, and serve hot.nHeat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Cook the onions until soft, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a food processor fitted with the metal blade or a blender.nAdd the tomatoes, tomato juice, garlic, and jalapeno and puree, in batches if you are using a blender, until smooth. Pour into a saucepan, and add the salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook, uncovered, 20 minutes. Adjust the seasonings. Set aside to cool for table salsa or use warm for rice or chilaquiles. Store in the refrigerator 2 to 3 days or in the freezer for weeks., ingredients: [13 cup vegetable oil, 3 cups longgrain rice, rinsed, 1 medium onion, chopped, 5 serrano chiles, or to taste, stemmed and seeded, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 34 cup hot chicken stock, vegetable stock, or water, 3 cups warm Red Tomato Salsa, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 4 cups diced canned Italian plum tomatoes, 1 cup tomato juice, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 large jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded if desired, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Red Rice, picturelink: null}, 23181: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace sliced sweet potatoes in a large bowl. Drizzle the olive oil over and toss with the seasoning salt and paprika until well coated.nPlace sweet potatoes on a wire rack on a cookie sheet and roast in the oven until crunchy, about 25 minutes.nRemove from the oven and toss in a medium bowl with the Parmesan until well coated. Return to wire rack placed on cookie sheet and return to the oven. Bake until the cheese is melted. Remove and serve warm., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes, skin on, sliced into 14inch by 2 12inch sticks, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon seasoning salt, 1 tablespoon paprika, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Cheese Fries, picturelink: null}, 23182: {instructions: Cut lamb meat away from bone in 2 large pieces. Slice lengthwise into 1inch strips and then cut into 1inch cubes.nCombine ginger, garlic, soy sauce, onion, lemon juice and honey. Season with salt and pepper. Place meat in marinade and rest overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat broiler. Divide lamb among 6 skewers. Lay on a rack and broil 5 minutes each side.nRefill pineapple shell with pineapple flesh. To eat, stick end of each lamb skewer in a piece of pineapple., ingredients: [1 3 12 pound leg of lamb, trimmed of heavy fat, shank removed, 3 thin slices ginger root, 4 cloves garlic, roughly crushed, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 cup finely sliced onion, 12 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons honey, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 large ripe pineapple, cored, flesh cut into 1inch pieces, with shell left whole and intact], title: Lamb Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 23183: {instructions: Using an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, mix together the sugar and flour until well combined. With the mixer on low speed, drizzle in the orange juice and the lemon juice and mix until smooth. Drizzle in the cooled melted butter slowly and add the zests. Increase the speed to medium and mix until the batter is completely smooth. Refrigerate at least 4 hours overnight is best.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. For each tuile, drop a heaping teaspoon of batter onto a nonstick baking sheet with a nonstick liner, leaving three inches in between. Using a small, offset spatula or the back of a spoon dipped in cold milk to prevent sticking, gently pat each mound of batter into a very thin, even 4inch round. Bake tuiles until they are golden brown all over, 9 to 11 minutes.nUsing a cannoli mold and working very quickly, roll each tuile around the mold. When the tuiles have cooled, carefully slide off the mold. Tuiles may be made smaller to form around mini tuile molds.nUsing a piping bag fitted with a star tip, fill each tuile shell with buttercream. Garnish with fresh seasonal fruit.nPlace egg whites and sugar in a stainless steel mixing bowl. Set bowl in a pot of simmering water, whisking constantly, until hot to the touch. Place whites in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Whip on highest setting until whites are cool and stiff. Add softened butter bit by bit until all the butter has been added. Add the vanilla and the softened goat cheese bit by bit until all has been added and the buttercream is stiff., ingredients: [1 23 cups sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled to room temperature, 34 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 34 teaspoons grated orange zest, Buttercream, recipe follows, Raspberries, for garnish, 12 cup egg whites, 12 cup sugar, 8 ounces 2 sticks softened butter, 4 ounces softened goat cheese recommended: mild Coach Farms, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Citrus Lace Tuiles with Buttercream, picturelink: null}, 23184: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the red peppers on the grill and char them until they are black on all sides. Put the peppers in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. When cool enough to handle, scrape the charred black skin off the peppers and remove the stem and seeds. Coarsely chop and reserve. This can totally be done ahead.nPut the cumin, coriander, fennel and caraway in a dry saute pan and toast them until they become very aromatic. Grind all the spices into a coarse powder in a spice grinder.nCoarsely chop the dried chiles, toss them into the bowl of a food processor and pulse to pulverize. Add the toasted ground spices, the roasted red peppers, chopped garlic and tomato paste. Puree until the mixture is smooth. Add 14 cup of the olive oil and pulse to combine. Add in another 14 cup of olive oil and pulse again. Season with salt, to taste, if needed. Store in an airtight container.nToss the chicken parts liberally with the harissa and let sit at room temperature up to 2 hours, or overnight or even a few days in the refrigerator.nPreheat the grill to medium.nPut the chicken on the grill and grill for 8 to 10 minutes on each side. You may have to move the chicken around, or flip it over a couple of times to prevent burning. You may also want to brush it a couple times with the leftover harissa, just remember it is pretty spicy Remove the chicken from the grill and let it rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, 4 red dried chiles, seeds left inside, 3 garlic cloves, smashed and finely chopped, 14 cup tomato paste, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 chicken, cut into 8 pieces, or 8 chicken thighs andor legs], title: Harissa Marinated Grilled Chicken, picturelink: ARVN41kBh8Z5X0PGWyIz3jNz2bmay}, 23185: {instructions: In a large saucepan, add the oil and saute the shallot and serrano pepper over mediumhigh heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Add in the blood orange juice, agave syrup, cranberries, chipotle, adobo sauce, cinnamon, and salt. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is thick, 20 to 25 minutes, stirring occasionally. Set aside to thicken, thanks to the pectin in the cranberries., ingredients: [2 teaspoons canola oil, 14 cup minced shallot, 1 teaspoon minced serrano pepper, 1 cup blood orange juice, fresh if possible, 12 cup agave syrup, preferably amber, One 1 12ounce package fresh cranberries, 1 tablespoon minced chipotle pepper, 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Red Devil Cranberries, picturelink: null}, 23186: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 2 12inch round cutternStage 1: Combine the milk, sugar and 2 sticks butter in a large pot. Bring to a simmer and when the mixture is hot but not boiling, turn off the heat and allow to cool to warmer than lukewarm, 30 to 45 minutes.nStage 2: Sprinkle in the yeast and add 8 cups of flour. Stir to combine, then cover and allow to rise for 1 hour.nStage 3: After 1 hour, add the salt, baking powder, baking soda and remaining 1 cup flour and stir to combine. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead the dough for 8 to 10 minutes, then form into a ball, cover with a towel and allow to rise in a warm place for 30 to 45 minutes.nStage 4: Melt 2 sticks butter in a saucepan.nRoll out the dough to 12 inch thick. Cut circles with a 2 12inch cutter. Dunk each circle in the melted butter, then immediately fold in half and place on a baking sheet. Press lightly to encourage sealing. Cover with a towel and allow the rolls to rise 30 to 45 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nStage 5: To parbake the rolls before freezing, bake until the rolls are risen and set but not brown, 7 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Freeze the rolls separately, then store them in batches in freezer bags. If youre not freezing the rolls and want to serve them right away, bake at 400 degrees F until risen, set and golden brown, about 15 minutes total.nWhen ready to cook and serve the frozen rolls, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the remaining stick of butter in a saucepan.nPlace the frozen rolls on baking sheets and brush them with the melted butter. Bake until golden brown, 14 to 16 minutes. Brush them with additional melted butter if you like and let them sit for 1 minute. Serve while still warm., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 1 cup sugar, 5 sticks salted butter, 4 12 teaspoons active dry yeast 2 envelopes, 9 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring the surface, 1 heaping tablespoon kosher salt, 1 heaping teaspoon baking powder, 1 scant teaspoon baking soda], title: Parker House Rolls, picturelink: PEexv3iDbS33sUuKzh35qnJNYnB0S}, 23187: {instructions: For the brisket tacos:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMake narrow incisions in the brisket and insert garlic cloves. Lay the brisket, fat side up, in a large roasting pan. Make sure the pan is large enough to hold all of the liquids. Pour the wine and water into the pan over the brisket. Season with salt and pepper and evenly distribute the onions. Cover the pan with foil and put in oven for 4 12 hours. Time is based on a 1 12 hour to 1 pound ratio. Remove the pan from the oven to a cutting board. Slice the brisket and serve in flour tortillas with your favorite salsa., ingredients: [1 3pound brisket, 3 garlic cloves, 12 bottle dry wine, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 large onions, sliced, Tortillas, Salsa], title: Brisket Tacos, picturelink: null}, 23188: {instructions: For the brine: Place the pork in a shallow dish. In a bowl, combine salt, sugar and water until dissolved. Pour over pork should be submerged. Cover and store in refrigerator overnight.nRinse the pork off and dry.nFor the marinade: In a food processor, puree cilantro, parsley, scallions, kaffir, garlic, ginger and orange peel. Add a little of the oil if necessary. Add the spices and chiles and puree. Add the hoisin and juice and while the machine is running, add the oil in a steady stream. Check for seasoning. It will not be very salty, since there is no added salt, but should be very fragrant with a little kick. Take out 2 tablespoons marinade and reserve. Marinate pork overnight.nOn a hot grill, cook pork, crisscrossing on both sides. Brush with the reserved 2 tablespoons of marinade during grilling. Total cooking time will be 12 to 14 minutes.nFor Amys chorizo fried rice: In a dry skillet on medium heat, toast all the dry spices until fragrant. Let come to room temperature then mix with garlic and pork. Season with salt and pepper. Make sure to mix really well. Let stand for 2 hours in the refrigerator before using.nIn a wok or large skillet, coat with oil and sear the chorizo over high heat. Break up the chorizo into small pieces and cook about 5 minutes until browned. Add the rice and scallion whites and heat through. Check for seasoning.nFor the slaw: In a bowl, combine all and check for seasoning.nFor the syrup: In a nonreactive pan, reduce juice and ginger by 80 percent until a syrup is achieved. Scrape into a blender and while running, drizzle in the oil. Season and check. Store in the refrigerator.nPlating: Place a mound of fried rice in the center of a plate and top with 1 pork chop. Top that with jicama and drizzle orange syrup on pork and plate. Garnish with scallion greens., ingredients: [4 pork loin chops, 1 12 inches thick, 12 cup salt, 12 cup sugar, 8 cups water, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 12 cup flat leaf parsley leaves, 12 bunch scallions, 8 kaffir lime leaves, 14 cup garlic cloves, 14 cup chopped ginger, 14 cup dried orange peel, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 tablespoon five spice powder, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 habenero chiles, 12 cup hoisin sauce, Juice of 2 limes, 2 cups canola oil, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 12 tablespoons oregano, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder another red chile would do, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 pound fatty ground pork, not the lean type, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 pound chorizo, above recipe, 6 cooked jasmine or bazmati rice, 3 scallions, sliced 18inch, separated, save green for garnish, Canola oil to cook, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 large jicama, peeled and julienned about 2 cups, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, Salt and black pepper to taste, Juice of 4 oranges, 1 slice peeled ginger, 12 cup canola oil, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Jerk Pork Loin with Amys Chorizo Fried Rice Jicama Slaw and Fresh Orange Syrup, picturelink: null}, 23189: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small mixing bowl, stir together salt, lemon pepper, dried basil and poultry seasoning. Rub olive oil all over the hens and season each with the salt mixture. Place the hens on a baking sheet pan with plenty of space between them. You may need to use 2 pans. Loosely stuff the cavities of each hen with some green bell pepper, celery and onion. Roast the hens in the preheated oven for about 1 hour or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F and the juices run clear. Remove the hens from the oven, loosely tent with foil and let rest 10 minutes before carving or serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons lemonpepper, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 Cornish game hens, about 1 12 pounds each, rinsed and dried thoroughly, 1 green bell pepper, large dice, 2 stalks celery, large dice, 1 onion, large dice], title: Roasted Cornish Game Hens, picturelink: DdSKdPsMgnBj5U8U8.bFBY5geeI9qW}, 23190: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine ground beef, eggs, breadcrumbs, Parmesan, herbs, garlic, onion, ketchup and Worcestershire. Mix well, gradually adding the milk if it seems too moist, add bread crumbs until it is a consistency that will form a loaf without flattening. Spray a large baking or roasting pan with a nonstick spray and press the meatloaf out. Layer cheese slices and ham, covering the center line of the meatloaf, then close it together and tuck in the ends, forming a loaf which is oblong. Crisscross the bacon strips to cover the loaf. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes or until an instantread thermometer registers 160 degrees F.nLet rest 15 minutes, then cut and serve. Gravy is optional., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 2 eggs, 1 cup bread crumbs up to 1 12 cups, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley leaves, 2 cloves garlic, minced or pressed, 1 onion, diced, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup milk, 8 slices Cheddar, 8 slices baked ham, 8 slices bacon], title: Italian Stuffed Meatloaf, picturelink: IreMZNTFUmXEizS7QilJ6dg2okSuDRu}, 23191: {instructions: In a mediumsized saute pan add the sliced shallots with a drizzle of oil and slowly cook over medium heat until well caramelized, about 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in the diced pear and cook down until pulpy.nCarefully add the pear mixture to a blender along with the verjus, honey, 12 cup grapeseed oil, salt and pepper, to taste. Puree until smooth adding a little water to thin if necessary it should be the consistency of a thick vinaigrette. Set aside in the refrigerator to cool.nWash all the greens and remove the stems. Tear the leaves into bitesize pieces and dry well. In a large bowl or platter add the leaves and toss. Pour the dressing over the salad, and toss gently. Garnish with Parmesan, toasted walnuts and pear slices., ingredients: [2 medium shallots, finely sliced, 12 cup grapeseed oil, plus more for pan, 1 Bosc pear, cored 34 diced and 14 thinly sliced, for garnish, 2 tablespoons verjus or 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch kale, 1 bunch rainbow chard, 1 bunch beet greens, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 cup toasted walnut pieces], title: Italian Winter Greens with PearWalnut Dressing, picturelink: u5k78RJPbCojVV04wuTdJzMRhCyvLgO}, 23192: {instructions: Bring pork to room temperature by removing it from refrigerator 1 to 2 hours before cooking.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat until hot. Add the onions, cover pan, reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until light brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the sage and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the onions cease throwing off water, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat, allow to cool on plate.nPeel back the pork skin, and spread a good amount of the fennel spice and add the onions directly on the fat layer. Fold the skin back over the onions and tie closed with kitchen string. Season well all over with the remaining fennel spice.nArrange the meat on a rack in a casserole pan lined with foil, drizzle with more olive oil and cook until the meat is very tender, about 8 hours. It is ready when it pulls away easily if picked at with a pair of tongs. It is often easiest to cook the meat overnight, or put it in the oven in the morning and let it cook all day. It does not need to be attended.nPut the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a heavy pan over medium heat. Watch carefully, tossing frequently so the seeds toast evenly. When light brown and fragrant, pour the seeds onto a plate to cool. They must be cool before grinding, or they will gum up the blades.nPour the seeds into a blender and add the salt. Blend to a fine powder, shaking the blender occasionally to redistribute the seeds. Store in a tightly sealed glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze., ingredients: [4 pounds pork leg or shoulder, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh sage leaves, Gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, About 14 cup Fennel Spice, recipe follows, 1 cup fennel seeds, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, 3 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Forever Roasted Pork, picturelink: null}, 23193: {instructions: Special equipment: a blendernFor the rice: Rinse the basmati rice until the water runs clear, soak in warm water for 10 minutes and drain.nIn a large pot of boiling salted water cook the rice until tender, about 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small pot over medium heat melt the butter with the curry paste, cardamom, and cloves. Drain the rice and toss with the butter mixture until evenly coated. Keep warm until ready to serve. Just before serving add the currants, cashews, pumpkin seeds, apricots, shallots, cilantro, and mint.nFor the mushrooms: Brush the mushrooms with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over medium high heat, place the mushrooms, tops down, in the skillet and cook for 3 minutes.Turn the mushrooms over and cook for 2 minutes.nServe the mushrooms on a bed of rice with Onion Sauce and Chutney.nIn a medium pot melt the unsalted butter over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until golden brown. Add the curry paste, ground cloves, and ground cardamom and cook 30 seconds. Pour in the vegetable stock and coconut milk. Raise the heat to high and simmer for 10 minutes.nRemove the pot from the heat add the soy milk and kosher salt. Puree in a blender until smooth.nIn a large pot combine the cider, vinegar, and brown sugar and bring to a boil, over high heat, stirring until the sugar has dissolved. Reduce the heat to medium and add in the dates, apple, garlic, and ginger. Cook for 15 minutes or until most of the liquid has been absorbed.nStir in the figs, paprika, cardamom, and kosher salt. Store in a tightly sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week or in the freezer for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 12 cups basmati rice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon curry paste recommended: Biryani, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 cup dried currants, 12 cup cashews, toasted, 12 cup pumpkin seeds, toasted, 12 cup chopped apricots, 14 cup crispy shallots, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, Can be found in specialty Indian and Sri Lankan stores, 6 portobello mushrooms, stemmed and peeled, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Onion Sauce, recipe follows, Date and Fig Chutney, recipe follows, 14 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup minced onion, 1 12 tablespoons curry paste recommended: Biryani, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 cup vegetable stock 1 13 12 ounce can coconut milk, 12 cup soy milk, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Can be found in specialty Indian and Sri Lankan stores, 34 cup apple cider, 34 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 Granny Smith apple, cut into 14inch cubes, 112 cups dried dates, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 3 dried figs, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cardamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Portobello Mushroom Biryani with Onion Sauce and Date and Fig Chutney, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 23194: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat a small amount of olive oil and brown eggplant quickly on all sides. Continue to cook in batches until all eggplant is done. In a separate pot large enough to hold all the eggplant, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil and sweat garlic and onions until translucent. Add eggplant, tomatoes, honey and spices. Reduce until all liquid is evaporated. Stir occasionally, making sure the bottom does not burn. Remove from heat add vinegar and check seasoning. Before serving add herbs. Let cool to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [Olive oil for sauteing, 4 medium eggplants, diced into 1inch cubes and salted for 1 hour, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 medium onions, peeled and diced medium, 5 to 6 ripe plum tomatoes peeled, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon tumeric, 1 tablespoon paprika, 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons cilantro, chopped, 1 tablespoons parsley, chopped], title: Eggplant Salad, picturelink: null}, 23195: {instructions: Toast the almonds in a large dry skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate let cool.nReturn the skillet to medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, then add the carrots, apricots and 34 cup water. Reduce the heat to medium low cover and simmer until the carrots are just tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Uncover and add the toasted almonds, scallions, olives, honey, lemon juice and 1 teaspoon ras el hanout. Increase the heat and bring to a boil. Cook, tossing occasionally, until the liquid is reduced and the carrots are glazed, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parsley.nMeanwhile, season the fish with the remaining 1 teaspoon ras el hanout and 12 teaspoon salt. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the fish, skinside down, and cook, flipping once, until just cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes season with salt. Remove from the heat and let the fish rest 2 minutes in the hot skillet. Serve with the carrots.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [14 cup sliced almonds, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds carrots, cut into sticks, 12 cup dried apricots, quartered, 4 scallions, chopped, 14 cup thinly sliced pitted green olives, 1 tablespoon honey, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 teaspoons ras el hanout Moroccan seasoning, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 4 skinon centercut arctic char fillets about 6 ounces each, Kosher salt], title: Spiced Char with Moroccan Carrots, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 23196: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil, add the onions and celery and saute over to medium heat. Season with salt and cook until the vegetables start to become soft and are very aromatic. Add the sausage and cook until the sausage begins to brown. Stir in the garlic and saute for another 1 to 2 minutes. Add the walnuts, sage and rosemary and cook for another minute, then remove from heat.nIn a large bowl mix together the cornbread, cranberries, and the sausage mixture. Add chicken stock and knead with your hands until the bread is very moist, actually wet. Taste to check for seasoning and season with salt, if needed and transfer to an ovenproof dish.nBake the stuffing until it is hot all the way through and is crusty on top, about 30 to 35 minutes. MMMMM...stuffing, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, small dice, 3 ribs celery, small dice, Kosher salt, 1 pound spicy sausage, casing removed, broken into bitesize chunks, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely diced, 34 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 10 sage leaves, finely chopped, 3 sprigs rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 10 cups stale cornbread, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 cups dried cranberries, 3 to 4 cups chicken stock], title: Sausage Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: viYJqyneygVhSRi1Cw5eUqERJLIOYb2}, 23197: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nBrush 1 tablespoon of oil over each of 2 heavy large lined baking sheets. Place the buttermilk in a large bowl. Add the chicken tenders and stir to coat. Let stand at least 15 minutes and up to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, mash the garlic with the salt in a medium bowl. Whisk in the vinegar and then the remaining 12 cup of oil. Season the vinaigrette, to taste, with pepper. Transfer the vinaigrette to a small serving bowl.nStir the Parmesan and bread crumbs in a pie dish. Remove the chicken tenders from the buttermilk and dredge them in the bread crumb mixture to coat completely, pressing to adhere. Arrange the coated chicken tenders on the prepared baking sheets, spacing evenly. Drizzle the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil over the chicken tenders and bake until they are cooked through and golden brown, about 12 minutes.nTransfer the chicken tenders to a platter and serve the vinaigrette alongside for dipping., ingredients: [4 tablespoons plus 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 12 pounds chicken tenders about 18, 3 large garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 34 cup Italianstyle seasoned bread crumbs], title: Crunchy Parmesan Chicken Tenders, picturelink: Wgq.baW7RLrJy3lCcBrQiz7C70OD62}, 23198: {instructions: Coarsely chop hearts of romaine shred radicchio thinly slice endive lengthwise. Combine greens in a salad bowl.nPour olive oil into a microwave safe dish. Add shallots to oil and place oil in microwave. Heat oil and shallots for 30 seconds on high. Remove from microwave and let stand 5 minutes. Oil and shallots may be heated over low heat on the stovetop in a small pan for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand until cool. Pour oil and shallots in a bowl and whisk in 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar. Drizzle vinaigrette over salad and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper, to your taste., ingredients: [2 hearts romaine lettuce, 1 medium head radicchio, 1 medium bulb endive, 1 3 cup 4 glugs extravirgin olive oil, 1 small shallot, minced, 3 tablespoons 3 splashes balsamic vinegar, Coarse salt and black pepper], title: Three Color Salad: Insalata Tri Colore, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 23199: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C. Scrape the scales off the fish. Slit and gut it. Combine the butter and mace and spread half on the inside cavity. Chop the leek or onion finely and mix with the herbs. Stuff into the salmon. Either sew up the fish or fasten with the skewers. Place on a baking tray, and spread with the rest of the butter and mace. Pour over a glass of white wine and sprinkle with cloves, pepper, and salt. Cover with foil and bake for 30 to 45 minutes depending on the size of the fish. Pour the fish juices over to serve., ingredients: [1 large salmon or trout, 3 ounces softened butter, 2 teaspoons ground mace, 1 leek or large onion, Mixed chopped herbs: parsley, sorrel, fennel, good king Henry, marjoram, etc., 1 glass white wine, 10 cloves, Ground black pepper, Salt], title: Roast Salmon, picturelink: NhhxGLhWoKEkrTFI9ewzqBHJ2SMeT.O}, 23200: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl, combine all ingredients. Stir until thoroughly combined. Refrigerate 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 16ounce bag precooked rosemary and garlic diced red potatoes recommended: Resers, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 2 scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped pimientos, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley or cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 cup plain yogurt], title: Minted Potato Salad, picturelink: NUseiECdYuzJy55cp2NolryAWnysLXO}, 23201: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over high heat, bring the chicken broth and the water to a boil. While whisking constantly, slowly pour the cornmeal into the hot liquid. Stir in the salt. Lower the heat to cook the mixture at a gentle simmer. Cook, stirring frequently, until the cornmeal is creamy and not grainy, about 30 minutes. Remove the polenta from the heat and stir in the cheese and the butter. Serve.nIn a medium saucepan over high heat, bring the chicken broth and the water to a boil. While whisking constantly, slowly pour the cornmeal into the hot liquid. Stir in the salt. Lower the heat to cook the mixture at a gentle simmer. Cook, stirring frequently, until the cornmeal is creamy and not grainy, about 30 minutes. Remove the polenta from the heat and stir in the cheese and the butter. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups chicken broth, homemade or low sodium canned, 2 cups water, 1 cup stoneground cornmeal, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, or a combination of Pecorino and Parmesan, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups chicken broth, homemade or low sodium canned, 2 cups water, 1 cup stoneground cornmeal, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, or a combination of Pecorino and Parmesan, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Polenta, picturelink: null}, 23202: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the tomatillos, apples, garlic, jalapenos and onion on a baking sheet toss with the olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Roast until the tomatillos are softened and slightly charred, about 20 minutes. Peel the garlic. Let the roasted vegetable mixture cool to room temperature.nPuree the roasted vegetable mixture and cilantro in a blender until smooth. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons water to loosen, if needed. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound tomatillos about 12, husked and rinsed, 2 Granny Smith apples, quartered, 2 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 2 jalapeno peppers, stemmed, 12 white onion, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Roasted Tomatillo and Apple Salsa, picturelink: cQBASLJztM2fL31POpRjbSlR4wumui}, 23203: {instructions: In a small bowl, soak the bread in the milk until soft. In a large bowl, combine all the meatball ingredients except the butter and oil, and add the soaked bread. Mix thoroughly until smooth, its best to use your hands for this. Shape into small, golfball size meatballs by dipping your hands in cold water, the meatballs wont stick to your hands.nHeat butter and oil in a large, deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the meatballs, about 8 to 10 at a time, and gently brown on all sides, about 5 to 7 minutes. Shake the skillet now and then so meatballs stay round and brown evenly. Place them on a heated baking pan in a low oven to keep warm.nTo make gravy, deglaze the skillet with 1 cup of the stock, letting it simmer for 5 minutes while scraping the bottom of the skillet with a spatula. Strain the gravy into a clean saucepan and add the remaining 1 cup of stock. In a small bowl, mix the flour with 14 cup of cold water until smooth. Whisk flour mixture into warm gravy, and let simmer, whisking constantly to prevent lumps, until thickened slightly, about 35 minutes. Add the cream and season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, arrange the meatballs on a serving platter, pour hot gravy over them, and garnish with parsley. Serve with boiled new potatoes, lingonberry sauce, and lefse., ingredients: [2 slices white bread, without the crusts, torn into pieces, 14 cup milk, 34 pound ground beef, 34 pound ground pork, 1 small red onion, grated or very finely chopped, 1 egg, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 18 teaspoon ground ginger, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Butter and vegetable oil for frying meatballs, 2 cups beef stock, 2 tablespoons flour, 14 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Swedish Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 23204: {instructions: Cut the okra into 14inch pieces and place into a colander. Rinse under cold water and allow to drain only slightly.nPlace the cornmeal into a sealable ziptop bag. Add the okra and shake to coat thoroughly.nAdd enough vegetable oil to a cast iron or stainless steel skillet in order to completely cover the bottom of the pan. Place over medium heat and heat until the oil reaches 370 degrees F. Add the okra all at once and fry until golden brown on 1 side, approximately 6 to 7 minutes. Do not disturb until the bottom is golden brown. Turn the okra with a spatula and do not disturb until the majority of the other side is golden brown as well, approximately 3 to 4 minutes. Now stir occasionally until all of the okra is golden on all sides, approximately another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the okra from the pan with a slotted spoon or spatula to a cooling rack set over a newspaperlined sheet pan. Season, to taste, with salt and allow to cool for 1 to 2 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pound okra, stems removed, 12 cup cornmeal, Vegetable oil, for frying, Kosher salt], title: Wet Fried Okra, picturelink: k4gaDo82pvSOrkv29NeKKioIix.Guke}, 23205: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nButter the lasagne pan well and add a very thin layer of meat sauce.nAdd the first layer of lasagne noodles and in order, cover with meat sauce, about 3 ladles besciamella, and a generous sprinkle of Parmesan cheese. Repeat the same process until you reach the top of the dish. Make sure the lasagne noodles are soaking into the sauce.nWhen done layering the ingredients, top the lasagne with a final ladle of meat sauce and some besciamella, add a few thin slices of butter and finish with some grated Parmesan.nBake for about 30 minutes.nHeat a broiler. When your fantastic lasagne alla bolognese is cooked, give it a nice crisp top by broiling it for about 5 minutes.nAlways serve this dish with extravirgin olive oil and some grated parmesan, to taste.nBolognese Sauce: Saute the onion, carrots, and celery in about 5 tablespoons olive oil in a large rondeau until soft. Add the pancetta to the soffritto onion mixture. Cook on a mediumhigh flame for about 7 to 10 minutes, then add the meat break it up well with a wooden spoon. You can jack up the heat a bit, and keep stirring until all the ground meat is browned. Add the red pepper flakes and the parsley and cook for just 1 minute. Add the wine now and cook until the alcohol is completely evaporated, scraping up the browned bits on the bottom of the pan.nPulse the tomatoes smooth in a food processor and add them to the meat, season generously with salt and pepper, lower the flame to medium and cook for about 2 12 hours, stirring occasionally. Finish the sauce by adding the whole milk, stir well and set aside, to cool off.nBesciamella: Melt the 12 cup butter in a pan over medium heat. Stir in the flour with a wooden spoon. This is an important moment, as you have to slowly toast the flour without burning it. This will help you lose the flowery taste.nWarm up the milk and gradually ladle into the pot with the butterflour mixture, whisking constantly while bringing the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat, and simmer for about 15 minutes. Season the sauce with freshly grated nutmeg, salt, and pepper., ingredients: [Butter, for the pan, 12 batch Bolognese Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 9ounce boxes noboil lasagne noodles, Besciamella, recipe follows, 34 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, Extravirgin olive oil, for serving, 1 pound ground pork, 1 pound ground veal, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup red wine, 1 red onion, medium chop, 3 28ounce cans pelati tomatoes See Cooks Notes, 3 carrots, medium chop, 3 celery stalks, medium chop, 5 ounces pancetta, cut into small cubes, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 handfuls fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and chopped, 1 pound ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup whole milk, 12 cup butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 12 cups whole milk, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lasagne Alla Bolognese, picturelink: null}, 23206: {instructions: Make the slaw: Toss the coleslaw mix, dill, vinegar, sugar, mayonnaise, sour cream, horseradish, 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a bowl.nLayer the cheese, roast beef and slaw in the center of the wraps. Fold in the sides, then roll up tightly. Cut in half and serve with chips, if desired., ingredients: [3 cups shredded coleslaw mix, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons horseradish, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 pound sliced dillflavored havarti cheese, 12 pound delisliced roast beef, 4 wholewheat wraps, Vegetable or potato chips, for serving optional], title: Roast Beef Wraps With Dill Slaw, picturelink: Vay6cyv4tXscc0SGSoBhDbT5bywiJa}, 23207: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan with enough water to cover by 2 inches season with salt. Bring to a boil over high heat, and then reduce the heat to maintain a steady simmer. Simmer until a paring knife just pierces through the potatoes, 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the oil and rosemary in a small skillet. Heat over medium heat until the rosemary sizzles cook until fragrant, about 1 minute, and then remove from the heat and let stand.nDrain the potatoes. When cool enough to handle, use a thinbladed sharp knife to cut each in quarters. Very gently toss with the rosemary oil and olives. Season with salt and pepper. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound baby purple potatoes, scrubbed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 teaspoons fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, cut into thin slivers], title: Purple Potatoes with Rosemary and Olives, picturelink: p9yj4MvkE7lCTeRKBBcYn2D9I.QmPgu}, 23208: {instructions: Heat the oven to 250 degrees F 225 degrees F if you have a convection oven. Line two sheet pans with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the whip attachment, beat the egg whites on low to mediumlow speed until they form soft peaks, 2 to 3 minutes. Increase the speed to medium and beat in the sugar 1 teaspoon at a time. Beat until the mixture is glossy and thick it will resemble marshmallow cream.nRemove the bowl from the mixer and scrape any meringue off the whisk. Sift the cornstarch over the meringue, add the vinegar and vanilla, and gently fold until everything is incorporated.nDip a very large spoon into warm water. Let excess water drip off, then scoop into the meringue. Drop the meringue onto one of the prepared pans the shape of the spoon is oval, so when you place the meringue on the sheet pan, it should resemble a jumbo egg. Continue scooping, rinsing the spoon in warm water after every scoop for neat, smooth meringues.nBake the meringues into the oven and bake until they are very light and dry and easily lift off the pan, at least 90 minutes. If they start to color slightly, lower the oven by at least 25 degrees F. Dont rush the meringues when in doubt, leave them in longer. Turn off the oven dont open the door. Let the meringues cool slowly in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes. Remove the pans from the cool oven. The meringues are ready to be filled when totally cooled.nFit a piping bag with a doughnutfilling tip or a plain number 5, 6 or 7 tip. Fill the bag with the Nutella or or chocolate, vanilla or butterscotch pudding. Flip each egg over and, with a melon baller, make a hole just large enough for the tip of the piping bag to fit. Squeeze the filling into an egg just until you can see that its starting to come out. Flip the egg onto a serving platter. Continue until all the eggs are filled.nInstant birthday party Mark my words, this will become the new birthday cake., ingredients: [4 egg whites, at room temperature, 1 cup extrafine sugar you can make your own by grinding granulated sugar in a food processor, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract or 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste, 3 cups Nutella or prepared pudding approximately 14 cup of filling per egg], title: Giant Dinosaur Eggs Filled with Nutella, picturelink: ErCe4v88qfF6RuB489Yz6rHvA2M96}, 23209: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 425 degrees F. Toss the onion and peppers with 1 tablespoon olive oil on a baking sheet. Season with salt and 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes. Bake on the lower oven rack, turning once, until slightly golden, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, line another baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine 1 tablespoon olive oil, the fennel seeds, remaining 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Brush the tofu pieces on both sides with the oil mixture and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Bake on the upper oven rack until golden, 15 minutes.nBrush the roll bottoms with the marinara sauce. Top each with 2 slices tofu, some onion and peppers and the roll tops.nWhisk the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and the balsamic vinegar in a medium bowl season with salt and pepper. Add the arugula and toss top with the parmesan. Serve with the subs., ingredients: [1 small onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 bell peppers 1 red, 1 green, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, crushed, 10 ounces extrafirm tofu, sliced into 8 pieces and patted dry, 4 wholewheat sub rolls, split, 13 cup marinara sauce, warmed, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Freshly ground pepper, 6 cups baby arugula, 1 ounce parmesan cheese, shaved with a vegetable peeler], title: Tofu Subs with Onions and Peppers, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 23210: {instructions: Special equipment: 9inch cake pan with removable sidesnButter the cake pan. Set aside.nMake the topping: In a small bowl, stir together the brown sugar, flour, and cinnamon. Sprinkle the 3 tablespoons of butter cubes over the mixture and use your fingertips to work it in to form a crumbly topping. Chill in the refrigerator while you prepare the cake.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Make the cake: In a small pan, melt the butter over medium heat until it begins to turn a medium nut brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool slightly. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugars, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and spices. In a medium bowl, beat the egg and egg yolk to blend. Whisk in the butter and buttermilk, then pour the liquid mixture into the flour mixture and stir just to combine. Fold in the apple cubes and pour the batter into the prepared pan. Sprinkle the topping over the cake and arrange the apple slices around the top, lightly pressing them into the topping. Bake until the top is golden brown and a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 45 to 55 minutes. Set on a cooling rack for 20 minutes, then check to see if the sides of the cake are sticking to the pan in any spots. If so, use a thin knife to loosen them. Carefully remove the sides of pan, transfer to a platter, and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup 115 g firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup 72 g allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons 57 g butter, cut into 12inch cubes, plus more for greasing pan, 8 firmsweet apple slices see Cooks Note, unpeeled, for garnish, 10 23 tablespoons 23 cup 151 g salted butter, 2 cups 290 g allpurpose flour, 12 cup 115 g firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup 105 g granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon table salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 large egg, plus 1 egg yolk, 1 cup 240 ml buttermilk, 2 medium tendersweet apples about 12 ounces total see Cooks Note, peeled, cored, and cut into 12inch cubes], title: AppleStudded Brown Butter Streusel Coffee Cake, picturelink: null}, 23211: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. In a mixing bowl, combine the onions, potatoes, egg, and parsley together. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside. For the pastry: In a mixing bowl, combine the oil, water, vinegar, and salt. Add the flour, 1 cup at a time and knead into a ball. Shape into 4 balls and let rest, covered with a cloth, about 30 minutes. Roll each ball of dough out as thin as possible into a flat rectangle. Sprinkle the dough with flour and cover with parchment paper. Let the dough rest for 15 minutes. Using your hands, spread the dough out very thin. Spread 14 of the filling onto one third of the dough, leaving a one inch border. Holding the parchment paper, roll up the dough like a jelly roll, brushing oil across the top a couple of times as you roll. Using the side of your hand like a knife, divided the roll into 2inch knishes. pinch the open ends shut. Repeat procedure with remaining balls and dough. Place the knishes, flat side down, 2 inches apart, on a greased baking sheet. The knishes will need to be baked in batches. Brush the knishes with the egg wash. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Place the knishes on a platter and garnish with Essence and parsley., ingredients: [2 cups julienned yellow onions, caramelized, 4 cups mashed potatoes, 1 egg, 12 cup finely chopped parsley, plus extra for garnish, Salt and black pepper, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 cups flour, 12 cup egg wash, Essence], title: Knish, picturelink: null}, 23212: {instructions: In large pot saute the oil and garlic about 2 minutes. Add diced vegetables and saute for 10 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Add herbs and salt. Add clam stock and bring to a boil. Add potatoes and bring to a boil again. Add roux and chopped clams, reduce heat and simmer for one hour., ingredients: [34 ounce salad oil, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 cup diced celery, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced onions, 12 teaspoon basil, 12 teaspoon oregano, 1 teaspoon thyme, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 gallon clam stock or juice, 3 large peeled and diced potatoes, Roux 34 pound butter and 1 12 cups flour, 2 cups drained, chopped clams], title: New England Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 23213: {instructions: Make the dressing: In a medium bowl, whisk the vinegar, olive oil, mascarpone, walnut oil, salt and pepper. Using a rubber spatula, fold in the crumbled gorgonzola. Let the dressing sit at room temperature for 10 minutes to let the flavors mingle, or refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the salad: In a large bowl, combine the radicchio, endive, kale, dates and toasted walnuts. Add the dressing and toss gently until evenly coated. Ribbon the prosciutto on a serving platter and mound the salad on top. Top with shaved gorgonzola.nTo make shaving the gorgonzola easier, freeze a piece of the cheese for at least 2 hours, then use a vegetable peeler to shave some over the salad.nPhotograph by Linda Xiao, ingredients: [2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon walnut oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons crumbled gorgonzola cheese, 1 small head radicchio, thinly shaved about 2 cups, 3 small heads endive, thinly sliced about 1 cup, 12 bunch Tuscan kale, thinly sliced about 2 cups, 4 Medjool dates, pitted and chopped, 12 cup walnuts, toasted and roughly chopped, 8 thin slices prosciutto, Shaved gorgonzola cheese, for topping], title: Tricolore Chopped Salad, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 23214: {instructions: 1. For the crust: Pulse together the ground almonds, confectioners sugar, brown sugar, cocoa, salt, and baking soda in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse until the dough just begins to come together, but is not sticky or wet, about 10 pulses. Remove the blade and turn the dough out into a 10inch tart pan with removable bottom. Carefully press the dough evenly into the bottom and up the sides of the pan. Refrigerate at least 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.n2. For the filling: Separate the eggs and whip the whites until they just hold stiff peaks. In a separate bowl, cream the butter and sugar. Add the egg yolks one at a time and mix until smooth. Stir in the almonds and melted chocolate. Gently fold in the egg whites. Spoon into the chilled crust.n3. Bake until the chocolate just starts to set, 15 minutes. Press the figs gently into the filling in a circle around the tart and continue baking until slightly puffed and set throughout, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool. Cut and serve with creme fraiche, if desired., ingredients: [1 14 cups ground almonds, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup light brown sugar, 13 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, in pieces, 4 eggs, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup ground almonds, 7 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted and cooled, 13 cup dried black mission figs, halved 5 to 6 figs, Creme fraiche, for serving, optional], title: GlutenFree Chocolate Frangipane Tart, picturelink: osRIA8EBaGzDNLQy2d1UZreO8oBOMJ.}, 23215: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put a 14inch layer of salt in the bottom of a small baking dish. Place the beets on top of the salt, making sure they are not touching each other. Cover the beets with the remaining salt save some for seasoning and bake until forktender, about 1 hour, 15 minutes. Remove the beets from the salt and let cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, make the dressing: Puree the goat cheese, creme fraiche, olive oil, vinegar and shallot in a blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to use.nHeat the vegetable oil in a small skillet over medium heat until shimmering. Add the sage leaves and fry until crisp, 5 to 10 seconds. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a paper towellined plate to drain season lightly with salt.nPeel the beets the skins will slip right off and slice into thin rounds using a mandoline or sharp knife. Divide the beet slices among plates. Spoon some of the goat cheese dressing on top. Put the arugula in a bowl, drizzle with the lemon juice and olive oil, season with salt and toss. Add the arugula salad to the plates drizzle with more goat cheese dressing, if desired. Top with the pine nuts and fried sage.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 3pound box kosher salt, 4 medium beets, trimmed, 12 cup goat cheese, 14 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon minced shallot, Freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying about 1 cup, 4 to 8 fresh sage leaves, 2 cups baby arugula, Juice of 12 lemon, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted], title: SaltRoasted Beet Carpaccio, picturelink: cWwIoy37ih8MyQNtyeJDekTencuuU6}, 23216: {instructions: Tip: Rolled fondant is versatile. It can be tinted, flavored, modeled, formed, twisted, imprinted, and shaped into numerous of decorative pieces.nTip: Before applying fondant, a sticky surface should be applied to the cake which will help the fondant adhere to it. Many spread a thin layer of buttercream before laying out the fondant.nTip: When using rolled fondant to make decorations from, roll it to 14inch thick. Either place them flat on greased use shortening wax paper or over forms to dry for 24 to 36 hours. Use royal icing to adhere fondant pieces to a rolled fondant iced cake and for the fine decorating commonly used on wedding cakes.nTip: The cake to be covered with rolled fondant must be cooled completely, preferably 24 hours, covered. This will tighten the crumbs and make the cake more solid.nTip: How far ahead you cover your cake with fondant will depend on the type of cake, filling, icing, etc. you use. With a basic butter cake, the fondant covering should be done no more than 2 to 3 days in advance of decorating and serving. A cake only remains fresh that long anyway and because fondant is sugar based, its also how long it can stand without breaking down from the moisture in the cake. If youre using a layer cake andor perishable fillings or icings, then you need to do everything just a day or two before the event.nTip: Fondant dries quickly, so while working with it, always keep excess wellwrapped in plastic, as well as the parts on the cake you are not working on.nTip: Once wrapped, unrolled fondant keeps for 1 to 2 months at room temperature. Do not refrigerate or freeze. If it gets too hard, put it in the microwave for a few seconds to soften it will be easier to knead.nTip: To smooth out the fondant once it is put on the cake, use cornstarch on your hands to smooth out the fondant.nTip: If tiny cracks appear in the surface of the fondant, knead it a little  the warmth from the kneading or pressure from the rolling pin will make it smooth and satiny. Do not use water to smooth out cracks  water dissolves fondant as it is mostly sugar. Instead, use a bit of shortening on your fingertips to repair small tears.nAdd a few drops of vodka, lemon extract or clear vanilla extract. Use a small clean paintbrush to mix the liquid with the dust. Proceed to paint and decorate.nTip: Cracking can also be caused if your fondant is rolled too thick. Fondant is heavy and if not rolled thin enough 14inch thick is usually best the excess can pull the fondant from the top of the cake causing it to crack.nTip: To cover a crack, try rubbing a little of the same Fondant over the crack in a circular motion, then using a smother or your hands to rub it in.nTip: If fondant pleats at the bottom, gently unpleat and smooth out with the palms of your hands. With the palms of your hands, rub slightly up on sides to form an even top edge.nTip: Try to work with fondant in a cool room and on a cool surface. A warm room may make the fondant too soft and difficult to work with.nLuster Dust TipsnTip: Luster dust gives colors a high sheen metalliclike finish. It can be used either alone or mixed with similar colored matte dusts to create a lustrous sheen, without lightening the color. They can also be used on gum paste, royal icing or any frosting recipe that dries hard and is firm to the touch. It is non toxic.nTip: Luster dusts can be incorporated into buttercreams to add shimmer cake decorations.nTip: When using luster dust, use an airbrush, blush brush or a small artist paintbrush to apply.nTip: Because luster dust is not water soluble, never mix them together to make paint colors. Instead use white spirits like vodka, gin, clear vanilla extract or lemon extract  the dust will absorb into these liquids and result in a more intense color. They also dry faster.nHow To Use:nUse a bowl, mix a small amount of the dusting powder with a clear spirit.nLuster dust comes in small, 2gram, tubs. Carefully open the cap and, without breathing, put about 14 teaspoon into a very small cup., ingredients: [Fondant Tips], title: Decorating with Fondant, picturelink: null}, 23217: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the fish: In a bowl, combine the oil, spices, salt and pepper. Add the fish and make sure each piece is coated with the marinade.nFor the mayo: Put the mayonnaise, garlic, mint, cumin, and lime juice in a food processor. Whizz until smooth. Season with salt, pepper, and more lime juice, if necessary. Pour into a bowl and set aside.nGrab a large, nonstick saute pan and warm it gently over medium heat no need to add oil since the fish is already coated in oil. Once warm test by sprinkling some water into the pan, if it sizzles and evaporates, youre ready, place each piece of fish in the pan. It should sizzle gently but firmly when it hits the pan. Cook until cooked through, but still moist, about 3 minutes per side. The fish should flake easily with a fork. Dont overcook your fish Itll taste awfulnRemove the fish from the pan and serve immediately with warmed tortillas. I put a light layer of cabbage on the bottom, then the sauce, a few chunks of fish, the scallions, a couple of slices of banana pepper, and a squeeze of lime. And once the fish is finished off, you can do what I do, and make cabbage tacos  everything except the fish So good, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ancho chile powder, Pinch cinnamon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound meaty yet flaky white fish, like mahi mahi or cod, skinned and deboned, cut into chunks, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 8 sprigs fresh mint, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 lime, juiced, plus extra if necessary, Kosher salt and pepper, 10 corn tortillas, warmed, 14 head green cabbage, shredded, 12 cup finely chopped scallions, Pickled banana pepper strips, optional, 1 lime, cut into 8 wedges], title: Fish Tacos, picturelink: 0UCsDwK7jzhJEqb1inXv8woIOEfH.Qe}, 23218: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, heat bourbon, honey, molasses, and marmalade over low heat for 15 minutes or until reduced by half, stirring occasionally. When measuring honey and molasses, spray measuring cup with nonstick cooking spray to keep measurements accurate. Set aside.nWith a sharp knife, cut a diamond pattern on the fatty part of the ham. Stud whole cloves in each diamond, at points where lines cross. Spread half of the bourbon glaze over the ham and roast for 30 minutes, uncovered. Baste occasionally with remaining glaze and continue to roast for another 15 minutes. Let ham stand for 20 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [23 cup bourbon or whiskey, 1 cup clover honey, 13 cup molasses, 12 cup 100 percent fruit orange marmalade, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 5pound whole bonein smoked ham, fully cooked, unsliced, 18 cup whole cloves], title: Bourbon Honey Glazed Ham, picturelink: pZ6cvFD.3eTgCvVFdDaQSaZfQ7n9Wzm}, 23219: {instructions: Make the crepes: In a bowl place the flour, whisk in the milk and water, a little at a time. Mix in the eggs, the salt and butter and continue to whisk until smooth. Let stand, covered, 30 minutes. Heat a crepe pan over moderate heat until very hot, brush with melted butter. Add 14 cup of batter to center of pan. Tilt pan in all directions, pouring out excess batter into bowl. Cook 30 seconds, or until golden brown. Turn and cook 20 to 30 seconds more. Invert crepe onto plate. Continue to make crepes in the same manner.nMake the filling: In a skillet, set over moderate heat, melt the butter and cook the shallots until softened. Add the shellfish and cook for 2 minutes. Add the wine and Madeira, simmer, covered, 1 minute. Uncover, increase heat to high and reduce until all the liquid has been evaporated. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in chives.nMake the white sauce: In a saucepan set over moderately low heat, melt the butter, add the flour and cook, whisking, for 2 minutes. Add the hot milk and salt and pepper to taste, whisking. Bring the liquid to a boil, whisking, and simmer 1 minute. In a small bowl combine the egg yolk and cream. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the yolk mixture. Return to heat and cook, stirring, until very thick. Season with nutmeg, salt and pepper. Fold in shellfish and cheese.nMake the lobster sauce: In a saucepan set over moderately low heat melt the butter, add the flour and cook, whisking, for 2 minutes. Add the hot lobster stock and salt and pepper to taste, whisking. Bring the liquid to a boil, whisking, and simmer until slightly thickened. Add heavy cream and 3 tablespoons of the lobster butter and simmer, whisking occasionally, for one hour. Whisk in remaining lobster butter.nTo assemble the crepes: Arrange crepe, brownedside down, on counter. Place 12 cup filling in center. Fold 2 sides of crepe over mixture so that they meet in the center. Fold top and bottom sides of crepe over so that they meet in the center. Turn crepe over and transfer to a buttered baking dish. Prepare remaining crepes in the same manner. Cover the crepes with some of the lobster sauce and sprinkle with grated Swiss cheese. Put under a preheated broiler 1 to 2 minutes, or until cheese is melted.nRemove meat from the lobster, and reserve. Add shells to the hot lobster stock or fish broth, and simmer for 1 hour. Remove shells, and chop into small pieces. Add shells to food processor work bowl or blender and add butter. Pulse 5 to 6 times. Return mixture to saucepan and melt butter again. Strain carefully and reserve lobster butter., ingredients: [1 cup Wondra flour, 1 cup milk, 13 cup cold water, 3 large eggs, slightly beaten, Salt to taste, 6 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, plus additional for brushing pan, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 14 cups diced cooked shellfish, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 tablespoons Madeira, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 cup hot milk, 1 egg yolk, 14 cup heavy cream, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, Salt and pepper, to taste, 14 cup grated Swiss cheese, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 cups hot lobster stock, or fish broth, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 6 tablespoons lobster butter, recipe follows, Grated Swiss cheese, to taste, 1 1pound lobster, steamed, 6 ounces unsalted butter, melted], title: Crepes with Seafood Filling and Lobster Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23220: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine 12 large muffin cups with paper liners. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the flour, sugar, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt. In a separate bowl, combine the milk, melted butter, and eggs. With the mixer on the lowest speed, pour the wet ingredients into the dry ones and stir until they are just blended. Spoon the batter into the paper liners, filling each one to the top. Bake for 30 minutes, until the tops are crisp and a toothpick comes out clean. Cool slightly and remove from the pan.nAfter the muffins cool, spoon the raspberry preserves into a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip. Push the tip of the bag through the top of the muffin and squeeze 1 to 2 tablespoons of preserves into the middle. Repeat for each muffin., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup medium cornmeal, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 cups whole milk, 12 pound unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 extralarge eggs, 34 cup good raspberry preserves], title: Raspberry Corn Muffins, picturelink: null}, 23221: {instructions: Toppings: Chunky chili, grated longhorn cheddar, chopped onion, sour cream and hot saucenHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Texas Chili Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 23222: {instructions: For the asparagus: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the asparagus on a baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast the asparagus until tender but not brown, about 10 minutes. Set aside.nFor the citrus herb sauce: Whisk the creme fraiche, chives, mustard, parsley and lemon juice in a bowl until incorporated. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and reserve.nFor the sandwich build: Warm the Grandma Kays Sausage Bread in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Transfer the bread to a plate and place a couple of asparagus on top. Add the canola oil to the same skillet and fry the eggs sunnyside up, covering with a bowl to cook evenly. Place each egg on top of the asparagus and serve with a side of the citrus herb sauce. Give a bite to your grandma and hope she approves.nPreheat the oven to 340 degrees F. Add the olive oil to a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat and cook the sausages until brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool the sausage, transfer to a bowl with a slotted spoon and mix with the pepperoni and salami. Mix in the mozzarella with your hands.nRoll out the dough into 2 long ovals. Slice the end pieces off the dough to save for later to make mini sausage breads. Brush the top and bottom of the dough with olive oil and divide the sausage mixture between the 2 loaves. Fold the dough over like a calzone and poke holes along the sides to release the steam with a fork. Bake until light brown on top, 20 to 25 minutes. Yield: Two 12inch loaves., ingredients: [8 asparagus spears, trimmed and cut in thirds on the bias, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and pepper, 12 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and pepper, 8 slices leftover Grandma Kays Sausage Bread, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 eggs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 pound sweet Italian sausages, removed from casing, 4 ounces pepperoni, cut into squares, 4 ounces Genoa salami, thinly sliced and cut into squares, 8 ounces shredded mozzarella, 1 12 loaves frozen or fresh pizza dough, defrosted, such as Rhodes], title: Sausage Bread Brunch Sandwich, picturelink: uRqNWAbCidSfzTylCbmJWj206LNLPq2}, 23223: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large nonreactive pot over moderate heat. Add the garlic and saute until caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes to the garlic and bring to a simmer. Add the parsley and basil and simmer until reduced to a saucelike consistency, about 15 minutes.nTaste and adjust the seasoning. If the sauce tastes too acidic, add the baking soda and cook for 5 more minutes. If it needs a touch of sweetness, add the sugar and cook for 5 more minutes. Remove the basil stem before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 large cloves garlic, minced, 4 cups tomato puree, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 large fresh basil stem with leaves removed, 1 teaspoon sea salt, preferably gray salt, Pinch baking soda or sugar, if needed], title: Marinara Sauce, picturelink: 7sS9nNQ068FHH1rYRcX1t.w2PZQ.b1K}, 23224: {instructions: Chop peanuts, or crush them with the side of a knife, or pulse them in a food processor to chop roughly.nPut oil in a deep skillet or medium saucepan over medium heat a minute later, add onion, ginger and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Add chicken and continue cooking for another 3 or 4 minutes, until just coloring. Add 12 cup peanuts and the cayenne and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nStir in the stock and the sweet potatoes, bring to a boil, and turn heat down to mediumlow so the soup bubbles gently. Stir in tomatoes and collards, then cook, stirring occasionally, until chicken is cooked through, about 10 minutes.nStir in 14 cup peanut butter. Taste, adjust seasoning you may want to add more peanut butter at this point and serve, garnished with remaining peanuts., ingredients: [34 cup roasted and shelled peanuts, 2 tablespoons peanut or neutral oil, like grapeseed or corn, 1 medium red or white onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced 1 tablespoon, 12 pound skinless, boneless chicken about 2 thighs or breasts cut into chunks, Pinch of cayenne, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups stock or water, 2 sweet potatoes or yams about 1 pound, peeled and cut into thick slices, 8 plum tomatoes, cored and halved canned are fine drain and reserve liquid for another use, 12 pound collards or kale, washed and cut into wide ribbons, 14 to 12 cup peanut butter, chunky or smooth], title: West African Peanut Soup with Chicken, picturelink: null}, 23225: {instructions: Heat a nonstick pizzelle iron. In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, and salt set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk eggs. Slowly add sugar, and continue mixing until well blended. Whisk in vanilla and lemon extracts. Slowly add the cooled butter in a steady stream, whisking continuously until the batter is smooth.nSlowly add the sifted flour mixture, and keep whisking until flour is completely incorporated into the batter. Do not overbeat.nFill a pastry bag fitted with a 14inch or 38inch plain tip with batter. Pipe 1 12 tablespoons of batter in a circle in the center of each pattern on the heated pizzelle iron. Close the iron, and seal with the clasp. Cook for 50 to 60 seconds. Using a small spatula, remove pizzelles, and wrap around a wooden cone mold. Let stand until cool., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 2 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon lemon extract, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled], title: Homemade Ice Cream Cones, picturelink: null}, 23226: {instructions: In small mixing bowl combine sour cream, peppadew peppers, and white wine. Mix thoroughly and refrigerate for 1 hour.nIn large stock pot cover potatoes with water and add 2 tablespoons salt. Set heat on high and boil until fork tender.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat cook bacon and saute onions until caramelized. Transfer bacon and onions from pan on to a paper towel to absorb grease. Distribute evenly on a platter and keep warm. Leave remaining fat in pan.nWhen potatoes are fork tender, drain, and with a clean kitchen towel, palm smash the hot potatoes to approximately 13inch thick.nReheat fat in saute pan and add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Heat to oil medium heat and place potatoes in oil. Season with salt and pepper and brown on both sides, then transfer to onion and bacon platter. Repeat, adding more oil, until all potatoes are cooked crispy.nTop potatoes with Parmesan and then with sour cream mixture., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 12 cup peppadew peppers, chopped, 14 cup white wine, 3 pounds baby Yukon potatoes, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 34 pound bacon, diced, 2 yellow onions, diced, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: McAlister Potatoes, picturelink: 8vzP6LvPCGPXkh5RMQAhFJpwKdCOBA.}, 23227: {instructions: Preheat oven to 175 degrees F.nIn a shallow dish, beat eggs and season with salt and pepper. Pour flour into another shallow dish. Mix together the bread crumbs, basil and thyme in a third shallow dish. Have ready one large plate.nSeason the veal with salt and pepper. Working with 1 piece of veal at a time, dip it first in the flour, shaking off excess. Next, place the floured veal into the beaten eggs, coating completely. Place the veal into the bread crumb mixture and gently press crumbs into the veal. Set aside on large plate and continue with remaining veal slices.nIn a large skillet with high sides, heat the oil to 375 degrees F. Have ready a baking sheet fitted with a rack. Carefully place 2 pieces of breaded veal in the hot oil and fry until golden brown on both sides, about 6 to 8 minutes total. Place cooked veal on rack, season with salt and place in oven to keep warm. Continue with remaining veal.nServe with lemon wedges., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups plain dry bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 2 pounds thinly sliced veal scallopine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups vegetable oil, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Veal Milanese, picturelink: obv4pNPVTO2ynEybgm1w2NHE9hgJMAG}, 23228: {instructions: In a large pot over medium heat, saute red pepper, green pepper and onion in 2 tablespoons of olive oil for 10 minutes, or until tender. Add shrimp and continue cooking for 3 minutes. Add salsa, heavy cream, salt and pepper, then heat and reduce until slightly thickened.nSeason sea bass on both sides with salt and pepper. In a large iron skillet over mediumhigh heat, pansear the sea bass with remaining olive oil.nPlace fish on a plate and ladle sauce over fish. Garnish with julienne red pepper and a parsley sprig., ingredients: [1 medium size red pepper, diced, 1 medium size green pepper, diced, 2 medium size yellow onions, diced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 4 tablespoons, 1 pound small shrimp, peeled and diced, 1 cup mild salsa, 1 quart heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 8ounce fillets sea bass, skin removed, Red pepper, julienne, for garnish, Parsley sprigs, for garnish], title: PanSeared Sea Bass with a Spanish Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23229: {instructions: Combine apple juice, rum, and Schnapps in a punch bowl or pitcher. Serve punch over ice and garnish with red apple slices., ingredients: [2 cups apple juice or cider, 4 ounces spiced rum, 2 ounces cinnamon Schnapps, 1 red apple, sliced], title: Apple Pie Punch, picturelink: TVvWc4tNtrGwkYGOQtmRWH42Ntithu2}, 23230: {instructions: In a small, shallow bowl, mix the breadcrumbs with salt and pepper to taste. Add the water and work it in with your fingers to moisten the crumbs lightly. In another small, shallow bowl, beat the egg just until blended.nDip one flat surface of each goat cheese round in the egg, and then in breadcrumbs, patting the crumbs in place. Repeat on the other flat surface, leaving the sides of the rounds uncoated. Refrigerate the coated cheese rounds for about 15 minutes.nCenter the tomato slices on 4 salad plates. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over moderately high heat. Add the 2 tablespoons olive oil. When the oil is almost smoking, add the cheese rounds, one coated side down. Cook until lightly browned, about 45 seconds, then turn and cook on the second side until the cheese just feels quivery, about 45 seconds longer, depending on the thickness of the rounds. Place a cheese round on each tomato slice.nIn a bowl, toss the herbs with a splash of red wine vinegar, a light drizzle of olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Mound the herbs on top of the cheese, dividing them evenly. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup dried bread crumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon water, 1 egg, 4 rounds fresh goat cheese, about 2 ounces each, 4 thick, ripe beefsteak tomato slices, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the salad, 2 cups lightly packed mixed tender fresh herb leaves such as basil, chervil, tarragon, Italian flatleaf parsley, chives 1inch lengths, or young cress, Red wine vinegar], title: Tomato Steak with Baked Goat Cheese and Herb Salad, picturelink: Heb8r6zM72y3fCsmeU4AcZ3dxZjHkO}, 23231: {instructions: Combine cream cheese and dill in a small bowl. Spread 12 tablespoon of cream cheese mixture on each wrap and top with 2 lettuce leaves. Stack 3 ounces of turkey on the lettuce and then place 2 tomato slices on each stack of turkey. Divide the avocado slices evenly among the wraps and place on top of the tomato slices. Divide bean sprouts evenly among the wraps and place on top of the avocado. Fold bottom of wrap toward the top of the wrap and then roll until filling is encased in wrap. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons light cream cheese, 2 teaspoons minced fresh dill leaves, 4 herb tortilla wraps, 8 butter lettuce leaves, 12 ounces sliced turkey breast from deli counter, 1 tomato, thinly sliced, 12 avocado, sliced, 1 cup bean sprouts], title: Herb Turkey Wrap, picturelink: null}, 23232: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 toothpicksnTo make the burgers:nIn a large bowl mix the bison, beef sirloin, onions, garlic, and parsley until just combined. Add in the onion powder, garlic powder, seasoning salt, ketchup, Worcestershire, and a few turns of freshly ground black pepper. Add it all to the meat mixture and mix well to combine. Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat and cook a small portion of the meat. Taste the cooked beef to see if you need to add salt. Add salt to the meat mixture to taste. Divide the meat into 4 evenly portioned round patties and set aside.nTo make the onions:nHeat the bacon fat over mediumhigh heat in a large saute pan and add the onions. Cook for 1 minute, then season with salt. Cook the onions, stirring a lot, until they start to turn brown. If the onions start sticking to the pan and turning too dark, pour in a spoonful of water and scrape with a wooden spoon to pull them off the pan. Continue to cook and stir the onions until theyre dark brown and caramelized, about 8 to 10 minutes. Turn off the heat and set aside.nTo make the mayonnaise:nIn a bowl, combine the mayonnaise, parsley, garlic, salt, and pepper, to taste and mix well.nTo serve:nReheat the large skillet over mediumhigh heat and drizzle in some olive oil. Heat the olive oil then place the burger patties in the pan. Cook for 3 minutes on each side for mediumrare. Top the burgers with a slice of cheese. To assemble, spread some garlic mayo on the bottom of the toasted bun. Put the burger on the mayo, top with caramelized onions, and then arugula. Cover with a bun top. Stick a toothpick into a cornichon and then stick into the top of the burger and serve., ingredients: [1 pound ground bison, 1 pound ground beef sirloin, 1 yellow onion, minced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon seasoning salt, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire Sauce, Freshly cracked black pepper, to taste, Kosher salt, optional, Olive oil, for cooking, 2 tablespoons bacon fat or olive oil, 1 yellow onion, sliced thin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 4 cloves raw garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 4 slices Wisconsin Cheddar cheese, 4 burger buns, 1 cup fresh arugula greens, 4 cornichon pickles], title: Bison Burger with Garlic Mayo and Caramelized Onions, picturelink: IJj1TF9Gx16Nvo7vfSzVQnTcUal2Uye}, 23233: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace a baking wire rack on a sheet pan and arrange the bacon on the rack in a single layer. Bake for 15 to 25 minutes, until the bacon is browned and crisp. Drain on paper towels and set aside.nPlace the bread slices on a sheet pan and toast them for 5 minutes. Turn the slices and toast for 1 more minute, until all the bread is evenly browned. Place 2 slices on a cutting board. Spread each slice with about 1 tablespoon of mayonnaise. Cover the slices with a layer of lettuce. Peel the avocado and slice it 12inch thick. Toss the avocado slices gently with the lemon juice, and arrange on top of the lettuce leaves. Place 3 slices of bacon on top of each sandwich and then add a layer of tomato slices on top of the bacon. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper.nSpread each of the remaining 2 slices of toasted bread with 1 tablespoon of mayonnaise and place, mayonnaise side down, on the sandwiches. Cut in half and serve., ingredients: [6 thickcut slices smoked bacon, 4 slices good white bread, cut 12inch thick, 4 tablespoons good mayonnaise recommended: Hellmans, 4 to 8 tender green lettuce leaves, washed and spun very dry, 1 ripe Hass avocado, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 large ripe tomato, sliced 12inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: California BLTs, picturelink: Y3pxSaYNcyoJ3h.UqMpEXlYF7sdjkvq}, 23234: {instructions: Thick brush a 9inch springform pan with half of the melted butter and place in the freezer to harden, about 10 minutes. When hard, repeat to make a thick coating of butter.nAdjust your oven rack to the lowest position and heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBeat the cream cheese in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer until fluffy and very smooth. Beat in the extracts, nutmeg, sugar, and salt. Add the eggs one at a time, scraping down the bowl after each addition. Pour into pan. Place the pan on a doublelayer sheet of aluminum foil, with at least 3 inches of foil all around pan.nFill a roasting pan large enough to hold the cake pan with hot water to a depth of about 1inch, then lift the foil wrapped cake into the roasting pan, keeping the foil turned up so that it prevents water from overflowing or seeping into the cake. The foil should not be closed over the top of the cake. Be careful not to tear any holes in the foil.nBake until the top of the cake is golden brown and dry to the touch, though still a bit soft in the center, about 1 12 hours. It should shimmy a bit when you shake the pan it will firm up more as it cools.nRemove the pan from the water bath, remove the foil, and let cool at room temperature 15 minutes. Refrigerate, uncovered, 2 hours before removing the cake from the pan.nTo remove the cake from the pan, first remove the sides. Cover the surface the with plastic wrap. Place a large plate over the cake, then flip the cake over onto the plate, tapping if necessary to help the cake come away from the pan bottom. If tapping doesnt do the trick, try a blow torch or stove burner to warm the bottom of the pan to loosen it.nRemove the pan bottom and evenly sprinkle the exposed surface with graham cracker crumbs. Place a serving plate over the crumbs and flip the cake again so that the crumbs form the bottom crust and the top is covered with plastic. Refrigerate, lightly covered, at least 3 hours or overnight before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 pounds fresh cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon fresh cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 34 cups sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 eggs, 13 cup graham cracker crumbs available at large supermarkets, or pulse whole graham crackers in a food processor], title: Nutmeg Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 23235: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill or grill pan. Carefully oil the grill or grill pan with a cloth dipped in a little olive oil. If using a grill, have the grilling surface 8 to 10 inches above the embers. Regulate the amount of coals under the grill so that it maintains a consistent mediumhot heat the oil on the grill will begin to smoke.nPrepare the chicken. Coat each chicken breast with the extravirgin olive oil. Season each side evenly with a little salt and pepper. Place the chicken on the grill, skin side first, and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Turn over and continue to cook in the same manner another 4 or 5 minutes until the meat is slightly firm to the touch. Season 1 side evenly with the roasted garlic rub. Remove from the heat and reserve until cool. Cut the chicken with the grain into bitesize pieces. Reserve.nDivide the dough into 6 balls. Working on a surface free of flour, roll each ball under your palm. As it rolls, it will stick slightly to the surface, creating tension that helps form a tight, round ball. Dust the work surface with flour, pat each ball down lightly, dust the tops with flour, cover with a towel, and let rise for about 15 minutes.nWith a rolling pin, roll each ball into a circle 8 or 9inches in diameter and about 18inch thick and place on a cookie sheet that has been sprinkled with cornmeal to keep the dough from sticking.nOn a clean grill surface use a wire brush then oil again as before gently lay the piadine on the grill and cook until the bottom has set and is cooked, but not so well done that it is not pliable, about 4 minutes. Turn the crust and cook on the second side. The cooking time will vary with the heat of the grill. Remove crusts.nMeanwhile, toss together the spinach, mozzarella, tomato wedges, red onion, Parmesan and chicken. Toss with vinaigrette to coat the greens and taste for seasoning with salt and pepper. Place the crusts on plates and divide the salad among them. Serve open face. Diners should fold their piadine in half and eat without utensils, ingredients: [Olive oil, 4 8ounce boneless chicken breasts, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds storebought pizza dough, rolled out into rounds, Allpurpose flour, for dusting work surface, Coarse cornmeal, for sprinkling on baking sheets, 1 tablespoon garlic rub, 8 cups loosely packed baby spinach leaves, 1 12 cups diced fresh mozzarella cheese, 1 12 cups fresh tomato wedges, 14 cup red onion, slivered, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, About 12 cup Whole Citrus Vinaigrette or your favorite vinaigrette, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Piadine with Grilled Chicken and Spinach Salad, picturelink: Z12zJ0phLnua5Y9xXCJA3eCAcUeubG}, 23236: {instructions: Stir espresso powder into 2 tablespoons of hot water until dissolved.nPour espresso and remaining ingredients into a pitcher and mix. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice., ingredients: [2 teaspoons instant espresso powder recommended: Medaglia DOro, 2 tablespoons hot water, 1 part vanilla vodka recommended: Stoli Vanilla, 12 part Irish whiskey and cream based liqueur recommended: Baileys Irish Cream], title: Instant Gratification, picturelink: YGjYZsLUqV5R07jAQlQwWkYm3GugbL6}, 23237: {instructions: Let the steak rest outside the refrigerator for 30 minutes before cooking. Use a hot, clean, oiled grill. If pan roasting, preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nLiberally season the steak with the salt and pepper, coat with olive oil and press the seasoning into the meat. Grill the steaks for about 5 to 6 minutes on each side for medium rare. The fillet will cook a little faster than the strip loin. Move the steaks every 2 minutes or so for even cooking and a crispy exterior.nFor pan roasting, heat a cast iron skillet with a little olive oil until smoking hot. Turn on the fan, open the window and stand back to avoid getting splattered Using tongs, place the steaks in the center of the pan. Cook until the first side is seared brown, about 4 minutes. Turn the steaks and place the pan in the oven until the steaks are done, about 6 minutes for medium rare. Remove the steaks to a carving board and let rest for at least 5 minutes before carving.nCut the steaks away from the bone and carve into 12inch slices. Arrange the meat on warmed plates and drizzle a little bit of balsamic vinegar over the slices. Serve with some extra gray sea salt on the side., ingredients: [2 2pound Porterhouse steaks, about 2 inches thick, Grey sea salt, Coarse grind black pepper, Pure olive oil, Great balsamic vinegar], title: Bistecca all Fiorentina, picturelink: vsi26CCNtKGt7FfnQ1UboW7qAM.xVoa}, 23238: {instructions: Orange, grapefruit and avocado are the perfect accompaniments to our Sweet Tender Greens.nMake the Salad:nPlace greens into a large salad bowl.nDrizzle dressing on top and toss to coat.nDivide onto four salad serving plates.nDecoratively arrange oranges, grapefruit,  avocado on top., ingredients: [Salad Ingredients:, 1 pkg Fresh Expressu00ae Sweet Tender Greens, 14 cup red onion, sliced very thinly, 1 navel orange, peeled  sectioned, 1 ruby red grapefruit, peeled  sectioned, 1 ripe avocado, peeled, pitted,  sliced, Dressing Ingredients:, 14 cup orange juice, 1 tsp grated orange zest, 1 tsp white wine vinegar, 14 tsp Dijon mustard, 12 tsp sugar, 18 tsp salt, Make the Dressing:, Whisk all dressing ingredients together., Let sit for 20 minutes for flavors to blend.], title: Citrus with Sweet Tender Greens, picturelink: null}, 23239: {instructions: Trim off the end of the zucchini and discard. Cut each zucchini lengthwise into 14inch thick slices.nCombine the bread crumbs, cheese, garlic, thyme, and oregano in a large bowl and mix well.nMix the flour with the salt and pepper on a large plate or in a pie plate. Place the beaten egg in a separate plate or bowl. Dredge the zucchini slices in the flour, making sure they are well coated, and shake off any excess. Dip the floured slices into the egg, let the excess drip off, and dip into the crumb mixture to coat. Transfer to a large baking sheet and keep uncovered in the refrigerator until ready to serve. The slices can be prepared to this point up to 2 hours ahead.nJust before serving, preheat the oven to 200 degrees F and heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add the zucchini to the skillet a few slices at a time. Do not crowd the skillet, or the slices will not brown properly. Cook, turning often, until browned, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Add olive oil, as needed, between batches. Drain on paper towels and season with salt and pepper. Keep the zucchini in a warm oven while you cook the rest. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 medium zucchini, washed, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 2 large eggs, beaten with 1 teaspoon water, 6 tablespoons or more extravirgin olive oil], title: Ruthies Summer Camp Zucchini, picturelink: null}, 23240: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the turkey to a large bowl along with 14 cup water. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and mix to combine. Mold the turkey into 16 evensize slider patties. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large griddle pan over medium heat. Add the patties and cook for 4 to 5 minutes per side. Be sure to not move them until they are ready to flip when brown on the first side.nHeat remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in a large saute pan. Add the onions and caramelize over medium heat, adding water as needed, to deglaze the pan. Add the BBQ sauce to the onions when they are mostly caramelized and cook for another 3 to 4 minutes.nTop each potato roll bottom with a turkey patty and spoon some of the BBQ caramelized onions over the top. Cover with the roll tops and enjoynCook Note: Dont buy extralean turkey., ingredients: [2 pounds ground turkey, Water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 large Vidalia onion, chopped, 12 cup BBQ sauce, 16 potato rolls, split in 12], title: BBQ Turkey Sliders, picturelink: P3bC9x7NMWZH.CDN0ILVH9lb69xnmLa}, 23241: {instructions: Preheat your oil in a heavybased pot for deepfrying to 365 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl combine flour, cornstarch, baking powder, sugar, salt, and cinnamon. Make a well in the center and add the yolks and club soda. Using a whisk, stir from the inside working your way out, slowly incorporating the dry ingredients without forming any lumps. Peel the bananas and dip in the batter to coat well. Fry in hot oil for 4 to 5 minutes until batter is puffy and golden brown. Drain on paper towels.nWhile bananas are cooking, prepare caramel sauce. Combine the sugar and water in a large heavy saucepan over medium heat. Cook, swirling the pot around, until the mixture is a deep caramel color and looks like syrup, about 8 minutes. Add the butter then carefully pour in the cream it will bubble up and continue to cook for another minute. Add a pinch of salt and cool before serving.nTo serve the banana split, cut the bananas lengthwise and top with a large scoop of vanilla bean ice cream. Pour warm caramel sauce over the top and finish with a sprinkle of banana chips and toasted pecans., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons bakers sugar finely ground granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 yolks, 1 12 cups club soda, 2 bananas, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 2 cups sugar, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup heavy cream, Pinch kosher salt, 1 pint vanilla bean ice cream, 14 cup banana chips, 14 cup toasted pecans], title: The Ultimate Banana Split, picturelink: null}, 23242: {instructions: Special equipment: A food mill or ricernPut the potatoes and 1 tablespoon salt in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water by 2 inches. Bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat and simmer until the potatoes are very tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Once the water is at a simmer, add the garlic cloves to the water and cook until just tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the garlic from the water. Cool the garlic slightly and then coarsely chop it.nAdd the garlic to a food processor along with the almonds and 12 cup of oil. Process until the mixture becomes a thick paste. Transfer the paste to a large bowl and reserve.nRinse out the food processor and add the roasted red peppers, parsley, pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons of the oil and 14 teaspoon salt. Process until the mixture is a mostly smooth with some small chunks. Reserve.nWhen the potatoes are tender, drain them well then cool slightly. Use a clean dishtowel to rub off the skins. Discard the skins and coarsely chop the potatoes. Run the potatoes through a food mill or ricer and add them to the bowl with the reserved almond mixture. Add 2 teaspoons salt and gently stir the potatoes and almond mixture together until just combined. Stir in the lemon juice, vinegar and 12 cup water. Taste for seasoning and add more salt if needed.nSpoon the potato mixture into a shallow baking dish and make a large well in the middle. Fill it with the reserved red pepper sauce and lightly drizzle everything with olive oil. Serve warm or at room temperature with pita chips andor warm pita bread wedges., ingredients: [2 russet potatoes russet potatoes about 1 pound, scrubbed, Kosher salt, 6 medium cloves garlic cloves garlic, 34 cup whole blanched almonds, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 whole jarred roasted red peppers, rinsed and patted dry, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar white wine vinegar, Baked pita chips andor warm fresh pita bread wedges, for serving], title: Creamy Potato and Roasted Red Pepper Dip, picturelink: Oh2Eq4UF9j7e81RfzR3C0ms12W7Xhq}, 23243: {instructions: Combine the raspberry preserves with a splash of vodka in a small bowl and mix to a syrupy consistency.nIn a cocktail shaker filled with ice, combine the vodka, whiskey and agave and shake.nDrizzle the raspberry syrup into a martini glass and then pour in the cocktail. Garnish with frozen raspberries on a cocktail toothpick., ingredients: [1 tablespoon seedless raspberry preserves, 2 ounces vodka, such as Imperia, plus a splash for mixing with the preserves, 2 ounces chocolateflavored whiskey, 12 teaspoon agave, 3 frozen raspberries, for garnish], title: Sunnys Chocolate Whisky Martini, picturelink: i4DP1nZBvB.YyvLyFo3Zfxx8wYfo7fy}, 23244: {instructions: Grease a 2quart baking dish with butter. Spread the cubed baked goods evenly in the prepared baking dish. Heat the milk in a small saucepan until it is scalding. In a separate small saucepan, heat the apricots and cranberries with the liqueur or water and let simmer for about 5 minutes, or until the dried fruits begin to soften. In a small bowl, whisk together eggs, sugar, vanilla, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Add the hot milk, a small amount at a time, to the egg mixture and whisk together known as a liaison to temper the mixture by combining gently and gradually without cooking the eggs. Spread the apricots and raisins evenly over the bread in the baking dish, the pour the liaison into the baking dish, distributing evenly.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLet the baking dish stand for about 20 minutes to allow the liquid to absorb into the cubed baked goods.nPrepare a bain marie by placing the baking dish into a larger pan or dish, placing the arrangement into the preheated oven, and then pouring hot water into the outer dish without splashing any into the custard dish. Bake until the pudding firms up and puffs up and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Remove from oven and from water bath and let rest 10 minutes. Serve warm or cooled.nWhile the bread pudding is baking, prepare the cold fruit soup. To a blender add strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, peeled banana, peach and lemon juice. Blend until smooth and strain into a bowl. Return strained fruit to blender and add softened frozen yogurt, blending to combine. Serve as a topping to the Queens Bread Custard, in demitasse cups as an accompaniment, or by itself as an independent dessert soup., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 4 cups leftover Danish or donuts, cut into 12inch cubes, 3 cups milk, 12 cup dried apricots, chopped, 12 cup chopped dried cranberries, craisins andor sultanas small seedless raisins, 14 cup amaretto, whiskey, or warm water, 3 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup fresh strawberries, cleaned, 12 cup fresh raspberries, 12 cup fresh blackberries or boysenberries, 1 banana, peeled, 1 peach, peeled, pit removed, and sliced, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 pint vanilla frozen yogurt or vanilla ice cream, softened, 6 sprigs fresh mint, for garnish], title: Queens Bread Pudding with Cold Fruit Soup, picturelink: 9EMQclf5UfgPfHOdqpgwWspXN78HWK}, 23245: {instructions: Combine hoisin, vinegar, soy, garlic and sesame oil in a small bowl. Place the tenderloin in a medium shallow baking dish, pour over the marinade and marinate in the refrigerator 3 to 4 hours or overnight, turning once. Preheat the grill. Remove the pork from the marinade, removing any excess. Season with salt and pepper and grill 10 to 12 minutes for medium doneness., ingredients: [14 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 2 pound boneless pork tenderloin, Salt and freshly frond pepper], title: Grilled Hoisin Marinated Pork with PineappleGrilled Green Onion Relish, picturelink: null}, 23246: {instructions: Place 2 12 cups of the tamari and the raw sugar in the insert of a nonreactive double boiler. Reserve the remaining 12cup of tamari. Fill the bottom of the boiler with 3inches of water. Assemble the boiler and place over a mediumlow flame. Cook the tamari mixture until it reduces to make a light syrup. This should take 60 to 90 minutes and yield 14 cup of tamari syrup.nMeanwhile, trim the tofu slices to make each a perfect rectangle. Pour 14 cup of the reserved tamari onto a plate. Place the tofu slices over the tamari, then pour the remaining 14cup of tamari over the tofu. Be careful to pour the tamari so each slice is completely covered with tamari. Marinate 1 hour.nPlace the tofu slices onto a cookie sheet or baking pan and baste with a thin coating of the tamari syrup. Place under a preheated broiler 4inches from the heat and broil 2 to 4 minutes, or until the tofu jiggles like hot custard. Use the leftover tamari marinade to baste the tofu as it cooks so the tofu doesnt dry out. Toss the cucumber and pickled ginger in a small mixing bowl with the yuzu and mirin. Arrange 2 tofu slices per plate and place the cucumber salad against the tofu slices. Sauce the tofu with the miso sauce and any remaining tamari syrup.nCombine ingredients in the cup of an immersion blender and blend until smooth. Thin with water if desired., ingredients: [3 cups high quality tamari, 1 tablespoon raw cane sugar, 1 package silken tofu, cut into 8 slices, 14 cup miso sauce, 1 large cucumber, julienned, 2 tablespoons pickled ginger, julienned, 1 teaspoon yuzu or lemon juice, 2 teaspoons mirin, Miso sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup light miso, 13 cup high grade tamari, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 tablespoon sake], title: Glazed Tofu with Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 23247: {instructions: Pour a splash of the Pernod or pastis into the chilled glass. Swirl to coat the glass, then discard the excess. Soak the sugar cubes with the bitters and drop into the glass. Crush cubes with a spoon or muddle lightly. Add the rye and the 2 ice cubes. Swirl and serve., ingredients: [Anise liqueur recommended: Pernod or pastis, 2 sugar cubes, 2 to 3 dashes bitters recommended: Peychauds, 2 ounces rye whiskey, 2 large ice cubes, Serving suggestion: Oldfashioned or rocks glass, chilled.], title: Sazerac, picturelink: gm52epU3C69fBjyx3mvYCmaUzeYUJ76}, 23248: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the chicken in a 13by9inch baking dish. Toss with the hot sauce, celery salt, 4 tablespoons melted butter and black pepper to taste. Bake until the chicken is tender and cooked through, about 30 minutes. Increase the oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nShred the chicken and transfer to a medium bowl, along with any juices from the baking dish. Cover loosely with plastic wrap, and set aside. Wipe out the baking dish with a paper towel and brush with 1 tablespoon melted butter. Set aside.nMeanwhile, in a medium skillet over medium heat, melt 6 tablespoons butter. Add the panko and cayenne and season with some salt. Saute until deeply golden, stirring constantly, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the thyme. Stir to combine and set aside.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and salt it generously. Add the pasta and cook to slightly less than al dente, about 3 minutes less than the package instructions. Drain.nIn a medium pot over medium heat, melt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter. When the foaming subsides, add the celery and onion. Cook until softened, 4 minutes. Add the flour and stir to coat. Continue to cook, stirring, 1 minute. Gradually add the milk, whisking continuously, and bring to a simmer. Add the Cheddar, gruyere and ParmigianoReggiano and whisk until the cheeses are melted and the sauce is smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nAdd the pasta to the cheese sauce and stir to coat evenly. Transfer to the prepared baking dish. Top with the chicken mixture and half of the blue cheese. Sprinkle with the breadcrumbs and bake until bubbling around the edges and completely warmed through, 15 to 20 minutes.nTop with the remaining crumbles of blue cheese and celery leaves. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs, trimmed of excess fat, 12 cup hot sauce, such as Franks, 1 tablespoon celery salt, 14 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups panko, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon thyme leaves, 1 pound pasta, such as elbow macaroni, strozzapreti or campanelle, 3 stalks celery, including leaves, finely chopped, plus additional leaves, chopped, for serving, 1 yellow onion, finely chopped, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 5 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups 6 ounces coarsely grated sharp white Cheddar, 1 12 cups 6 ounces coarsely grated gruyere, 1 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano, 6 ounces blue cheese, crumbled into large pieces], title: Buffalo Chicken Mac n Cheese, picturelink: 3wJzYwKq7mEkKvw22mdMkKIcJ3pvbIi}, 23249: {instructions: Cook chicken in a large pot on stovetop over medium heat. Add celery, onion, green pepper, garlic, eggplant and bay leaf and cook until chicken and vegetables are tender. Add sausage and ham and brown lightly, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add tomato paste, salt, pepper and hot sauce. Add rice and mix thoroughly. Cook over low heat for 15 minutes stirring frequently. Remove bay leaf, add parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, chopped, 1 rib celery with leaves, 1 onion, chopped, 34 cup green pepper, chopped, 1 clove garlic, 1 eggplant, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 pound smoked sausage, sliced into 12inch pieces, 1 pound ham, cubed, 1 60ounce can tomato paste, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 14 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 4 cups long grain rice, 14 cup parsley, chopped], title: Creole Style Chicken and Savory Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 23250: {instructions: Special equipment: Sushi matnFor the spicy mayo: In a small bowl, mix the mayonnaise, gochujang and fish sauce until thoroughly combined.nFor the sushi roll: On a sushi mat lay down the nori. Spread the sushi rice over the nori in an even layer. Place the salmon horizontally over the bottom third of the sheet, about 1 inch from the edge. Top with some scallions. Roll up tightly and cut into 4 pieces. Garnish with the spicy mayo., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons gochujang, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 1 sheet nori, 1 cup cooked sushi rice, 2 or 3 thin slices salmon, Scallions, julienned], title: Spicy Salmon Roll, picturelink: bQg2xPRFuSsow4sYoE1jU3YFx9f.Fjq}, 23251: {instructions: Bring beans and water to a boil with onion and bay leaf. Simmer until tender. Drain well and discard bay leaf. In a food processor fitted with a metal blade, puree with walnuts, butter, chopped garlic, salt and pepper, to taste, until smooth and creamy. Mix chopped herbs together and blend half of them into the beans.nSeason well and spread onto a small baking sheet, lined with plastic wrap. Cool completely.nSprinkle generously with pomegranate seeds and remaining fresh herbs then roll into logs, using the plastic wrap to help roll. Wrap tightly and chill again.nSlice and garnish with walnuts and pomegranate seeds., ingredients: [1 cup dark red kidney beans, soaked overnight and rinsed well, 2 cups water, 14 white onion, minced, 1 bay leaf, 34 cup walnuts, lightly toasted, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped dill, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped mint or basil leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped flatleaf parsley, 14 cup pomegranate seeds, about 12 of a pomegranate, plus more for garnish, Toasted walnuts, for garnish], title: Armenian Bean and Walnut Pate, picturelink: n9eiMx1TcsXa6o91ClWcaxyie.THnTO}, 23252: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the crust: In a food processor combine the butter, flour, sugar, salt and lemon zest. Pulse until it looks like finely grated Parmigiano. Add the egg yolk and 1 to 2 tablespoons of the water. Pulse, pulse, pulse until the mixture comes together. If it seems a bit dry add a little more water and pulse, pulse, pulse. The mixture should come together into a ball. Dump the whole thing out onto a clean lightly floured work surface. Knead the mixture 1 or 2 times only to make it a smooth ball. Using a rolling pin or your fingers roll or press the dough out to an even circle about 11 to 12 inches in diameter. Transfer to a cookie sheet lined with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, or preferably overnight, covered with plastic wrap.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nTo make the filling: While dough is chilling, place the sugar, apple cider, lemon juice, and vanilla bean seeds in a 10inch nonstick ovenproof pan. Stir to combine. Over high heat bring the mixture to a boil brushing down the sides of the pan occasionally with a pastry brush dipped in water, if necessary. After 6 to 7 minutes the mixture will eventually begin to turn light brown. Swish the pan around gently to promote even cooking. Cook the mixture for another minute or so until the mixture becomes a much deeper amber color. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter, 2 pats at a time. The mixture will bubble up. That is okay, just be VERY CAREFUL not to get any of this on you. When all of the butter has been incorporated, begin to arrange the apples rounded side down in circles. Try to do this neatly and in a pretty way. Remember, the bottom will be the topnReturn the pan to the burner and cook over medium for 20 minutes. Remove from the heat.nRetrieve the chilled pastry from the refrigerator and place it on top of the apples. Tuck the pastry in around the edges of the pan. Bake in the preheated oven for about 20 to 25 minutes or until the dough is golden brown and crispy. Let the tart cool for 10 to 15 minutes. Place a serving platter upside down on top of the pastry and CAREFULLY flip the platter and the pan over. Let the tart fall gently out of the pan.nSlice tart into individual pieces and garnish with a dollop of sweetened mascarpone., ingredients: [1 stick butter, cut into pea size pieces, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for rolling, 14 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 1 lemon, zested, 1 egg yolk, 2 to 3 tablespoons ice water, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup apple cider, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 1 stick butter, cut into pats, 6 apples, such as Golden Delicious, Granny Smith, McIntosh or your favorite baking apple, peeled, cored and quartered, Mascarpone cheese mixed with 2 tablespoon sugar, for garnish], title: Apple Tart Tatin, picturelink: keRCyjHlXWds3LhHjXdqS.I.R.dyhHm}, 23253: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, combine the olive oil, salt, cayenne pepper, lemon juice, garlic, shallots, cumin, and about 34 of the cilantro reserve the remaining cilantro for garnish.nPlace the tuna fillet in a large glass or ceramic dish. Rub your fingers over the fish to check for and remove any remaining bones, and pour the marinade over the tuna. Make sure the fish are evenly coated on both sides and marinate for 1 hour in the refrigerator, turning once.nBrush a grill or broiler pan with vegetable oil and heat it to high heat. Grill the fillets for 4 to 5 minutes on each side, until done to your liking. Garnish with the remaining cilantro and the lemon wedges., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 13 cup lemon juice, 3 large cloves garlic, minced, 3 large shallots, minced, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, finely chopped, 6 6 ounce pieces of tuna fillet, Vegetable oil, for greasing the grill, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Spicy Grilled Tuna, Cuban Style, picturelink: null}, 23254: {instructions: Soften ice creams to scoop 10 seconds per pint in the microwave or set on kitchen counter 10 to 15 minutes. Put 1 scoop each of caramel ice cream and vanilla ice cream into dessert dishes. Top each with a shot of liqueur. Heat the dessert sauce 40 seconds in microwave remove the metal top of jar. Pour caramel sauce over sundaes and top with whipped cream and bits of smoked almonds., ingredients: [1 pint dulce de leche ice cream caramel flavor recommended: Haagen Dasz, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 4 shots amaretto or other almond liqueur, 12 cup caramel dessert sauce, 1 canister real whipped cream, 14 cup smoked almonds, chopped], title: Toasted Almond Sundaes, picturelink: null}, 23255: {instructions: In a large pot, combine the garlic, celery, jalapenos, onions, 1 tablespoon of the seafood seasoning and 10 cups of water. Bring to a boil. Add the potatoes and reduce to a rapid simmer. Cook until the potatoes are almost tender, about 10 minutes.nAdd the sausage and corn to the pot. Cook until the potatoes and corn are cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the shrimp and cook until the shrimp are opaque throughout, about 1 12 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Drain the shrimp mixture and return it to the pot. Add the butter, hot sauce, parsley, the remaining 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning and the reserved cooking liquid and toss to combine. Serve with more seafood seasoning., ingredients: [5 garlic cloves, smashed, 3 celery stalks, cut into thirds, 2 large jalapenos, quartered lengthwise, 1 large onion, cut into eighths, 2 tablespoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, plus more for serving, 1 pound fingerling potatoes, 1 pound smoked andouille sausage, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 ears of corn, quartered, 1 pound large shellon shrimp 1620, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Cholula, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Low Country Boil, picturelink: null}, 23256: {instructions: Cut the tuna into 24 equalsize cubes. Quarter the mushrooms. Cut the peppers and onion into 12inch squares. Divide the ingredients equally among the 8 skewers, alternating squares of vegetable and tuna. Pour 1 cup of the SherrySoy Marinade over the kebabs and marinate, refrigerated, 2 to 3 hours.nDissolve the wasabi in the remaining 12 cup marinade to make a spicy dipping sauce to serve at the table with the grilled tuna.nOn a hot outdoor grill or under a broiler, sear the kebabs 2 to 3 minutes on each side. The tuna should be medium rarestill red in the centerwhen served with the dipping sauce.nCombine all ingredients in a saucepan and heat to just below the boil. Remove from the heat. Cool. This marinade may be stored in a refrigerator up to 2 weeks. Use to marinate chicken, shrimp, or pork for several hours before grilling. Yield: 1 12 cups, ingredients: [1 12 pounds sashimigrade tuna, deep red in color, 16 large shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 2 large sweet red peppers, 1 large red Bermuda onion, 8 large bamboo skewers, soaked in water, 1 12 cups SherrySoy Marinade recipe follows, 1 to 2 teaspoons Wasabi paste depending on how hot you want it, 12 cup canola, vegetable, or peanut oil, 12 cup dry not cooking sherry, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil, 2 tablespoons peeled and finely chopped fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro leaves, tightly packed, 3 whole scallions, sliced, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar or white vinegar, 1 tablespoon Annatoo Achiote paste, 2 tablespoons ground cumin], title: Kebabs of Tuna with Wasabi Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23257: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Pierce the roast in several places with a twopronged fork. Force some minced garlic into each hole, again with the aid of the fork. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Place the bay leaves in the bottom of the roasting pan. Place the roast on top, fat side up. Combine vinegar and thyme, and pour evenly over the roast. Place in oven, allowing 35 minutes baking time per pound. Baste occasionally., ingredients: [One 4pound pork roast, loin or center cut, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and pepper to taste, 4 bay leaves, 12 cup white vinegar, 12 teaspoon dried thyme], title: Roast Pork, picturelink: null}, 23258: {instructions: In a salad bowl combine the horseradish, mustard, red wine vinegar and honey. In a slow steady steam add the extravirgin olive oil and whisk to combine. Add the carrots, radishes, dill and parsley, toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper, toss again and serve., ingredients: [12 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 12 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12ounce sack shredded carrots, 8 radishes, thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 generous handfuls, 2 to 3 sprigs dill, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Root Veggie Salad with Horseradish Dressing, picturelink: null}, 23259: {instructions: Melt butter, add garlic, shallot and jalapeno and sweat for 1 to 2 minutes, add diced peaches. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, add sugar, deglaze with brandy and vinegar and allow to cook on low heat until peaches are soft. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 2 shallots finely diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced, 1 12 pounds fresh peaches, blanched and diced, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup brandy, 12 cup cider vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Peach Chutney, picturelink: null}, 23260: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the butternut squash in half lengthwise and remove the seeds. Peel the pears, cut in half and remove the core. Place the pears and squash, cut side up, on a foillined baking sheet.nIn a small saucepan, over low heat, melt the butter. Cut the vanilla bean in half lengthwise and scrape the seeds off of each side with a paring knife. Add the seeds to the butter. Reserve the pod for another use. Whisk the brown sugar and ginger into the melted butter and remove from the heat.nBrush the butter mixture onto the cut sides of the squash and pears. Season with salt and pepper. Set the remaining butter mixture aside and keep it warm. Roast the squash and pears until soft, about 45 minutes to 1 hour depending on the size of the squash. The squash is cooked when a knife can be inserted easily into the flesh.nScoop flesh out of the squash and discard the skin. Place the squash and pears in a large bowl and mash with a fork or a potato masher. Stir in the remaining melted butter mixture. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve warm., ingredients: [1 large butternut squash, about 1 pound, 2 Bosc or Anjou pears, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 vanilla bean, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, Course salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mashed Butternut Squash and Pears, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 23261: {instructions: Whisk the wasabi and the water in a small bowl to make a thick liquid cover and set aside. Boil the beans in salted water until tender, about 4 minutes, or microwave, covered, for about 2 minutes.nHalve the avocado press your knife into the pit, and then twist, and lift it out. Scoop the flesh from the peels into the bowl of a food processor. Add the wasabi paste, edamame, ginger, lime juice, and salt and process until smooth. Transfer to a serving bowl. Stir in the scallions and cilantro. Serve with crisp vegetables, for dipping., ingredients: [1 tablespoon wasabi powder, 2 tablespoons water, 12 pound frozen shelled edamame green soy beans, about 1 12 cups, 1 ripe Hass avocado, 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled fresh ginger, Juice of 1 lime, about 3 tablespoons, 1 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 scallions white and green parts, finely chopped, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Edamole, picturelink: null}, 23262: {instructions: In a bowl with a pastry blender or in a food processor blend or pulse together flour, butter, shortening and salt until mixture resembles meal. Add 2 tablespoons ice water and toss or pulse until water is incorporated. Add enough remaining ice water if necessary to form a dough and form dough into a disk. Lightly dust dough with flour and chill, wrapped in waxed paper, 1 hour., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons 34 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 to 4 tablespoons ice water], title: Pate Brisee, picturelink: null}, 23263: {instructions: In a heavy skillet, heat oil and saute onions for 5 minutes. Add garlic, peppers, tomatoes, spices, and meat and saute for 5 more minutes. Add Sherry and simmer, uncovered, 5 minutes. Add potatoes and enough water to cover meat and potatoes. Let simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 25 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Can be served with white rice., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 large white onion, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 chopped green pepper, 1 cup chopped canned tomatoes, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon dry oregano, 1 tablespoon dry cilantro, 2 12 pounds beef top round, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 cup dry Sherry, 4 large peeled potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and white pepper, White rice, as an accompaniment], title: Cuban Beef Stew: Carne con Papas, picturelink: null}, 23264: {instructions: 1. Prepare grill for medium heat.n2. Combine jelly and garlic in small saucepan cook over medium heat 2 minutes, or until jelly is completely melted, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat. Or, combine in small microwavable bowl. Microwave on HIGH 1 minute, or until jelly is melted. Stir in cilantro. Reserve 14 cup jelly mixture set aside.n3. Grill ham steak 5 minutes turn over. Brush with half of the remaining jelly mixture continue grilling 10 minutes, until ham reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees F when tested in center with meat thermometer, turning ham steak over and brushing with remaining jelly mixture after 5 minutes.n4. Serve with the reserved jelly mixture., ingredients: [1 Cooksu00ae Bonein ThickCut Ham Steak about 2 pounds, 1 jar 10ounces Jalapeno Pepper Jelly about 34 cup, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Fiesta Grilled Ham Steak, picturelink: Px1iZr16MT6xk6gJbHZ1QVHbeJQRYLC}, 23265: {instructions: Special equipment: a doughnut cutternTo make the glaze: Combine the confectioners sugar with 2 tablespoons of water in a small bowl. Mix well then add a little more water, if necessary, to make a smooth, creamy glaze. Cover the glaze directly with plastic wrap and reserve. For tips on making flavored glazes see the Cooks Note below. To make doughnuts: Heat the milk in a saucepan over mediumheat. When the milk reaches a simmer pour it into a mixing bowl and allow it to cool. Meanwhile, measure 14 cup of lukewarm water into a small bowl. Sprinkle the yeast into the water then let the mixture stand until the yeast dissolves, about 7 minutes. Stir the yeast mixture into the milk along with 1 tablespoon of the sugar. Mix in 1 12 cups of the flour by hand or with an electric mixer then cover the dough starter with a clean towel and set it aside to rise and rest in a warm place for 1 hour. When the dough has relaxed, cream the butter with the remaining 14 cup of sugar. Beat the butter mixture into the dough a little at a time. Mix in the egg and salt then mix in the remaining 3 cups flour. Work the dough until it is smooth then place it in a wellgreased bowl. Cover again with a clean towel and set aside in a warm place until doubled in bulk, at least one hour. Turn the dough out onto floured board and roll it out about 12inch thick. Using a floured doughnut cutter, cut out the doughnuts. Transfer the doughnuts to a clean floured board or baking sheet. Cover once again with a clean towel, and set aside to rise until doubled. Heat about 2 inches of oil in a deep pot over mediumhigh heat until the oil reaches 375 degrees F. Working in batches of 2 or 3, fry the doughnuts until they float. Once they bob to the surface of the oil, carefully flip them over. Continue cooking, turning as necessary, until the doughnuts are uniformly goldenbrown. Transfer the cooked doughnuts to a plate lined with paper towels to drain. While the doughnuts are still warm, dip 1 side of each into the glaze then set aside to cool until the glaze firms. Serve warm or at room temperature. Cooks Note: You can alter the basic glaze recipe by substituting fruit juice or liqueur for some or all of the water., ingredients: [2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 1 cup milk, 14 cup water, lukewarm, 1 package dry active yeast, 1 tablespoon plus 14 cup sugar, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, 3 tablespoons butter or margarine, at room temperature, 1 egg, well beaten, 1 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Basic YeastRaised Doughnut, picturelink: null}, 23266: {instructions: Arrange the cubed chicken in a medium bowl and toss with 12 cup olive oil, lime juice, jalapeno and cilantro. Season lightly with salt. Let marinate for about 1 hour, refrigerated.nIn a skillet large enough to hold all of the chicken in 1 layer, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Saute the chicken just to brown on all sides.nPreheat the oven to 525 degrees F. Brush the rolled out pizza dough lightly with oil and top the pizza dough with the mozzarella, fontina, plum tomatoes, eggplant, onion, chives, Parmesan, and chicken. Place on the pizza stone and cook for 15 to 20 minutes, or until done.nIn a small bowl, dissolve the yeast and honey in 14cup warm water.nIn a mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour and the salt. Add the oil, yeast mixture, and the remaining 34 cup of water and mix on low speed until the dough comes cleanly away from the sides of the bowl and clusters around the dough hook, about 5 minutes. The pizza dough can also be made in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pulse once or twice, add the remaining ingredients, and process until the dough begins to form a ball.nTurn the dough out onto a clean work surface and knead by hand 2 or 3 minutes longer. The dough should be smooth and firm. Cover the dough with a clean, damp towel and let it rise in a warm spot for about 30 minutes. When ready, the dough will stretch as it is lightly pulled.nDivide the dough into 4 balls, about 6 ounces each. Work each ball by pulling down the sides and tucking under the bottom of the ball. Repeat 4 or 5 times. Then on a smooth, unfloured surface, roll the ball under the palm of your hand until the top of the dough is smooth and firm, about 1 minute. Cover the dough with a damp towel and let rest 15 to 20 minutes. At this point, the balls can be wrapped in plastic and refrigerated for up to 2 days.nTo prepare each pizza, dip the ball of dough into flour, shake off the excess flour, place the dough on a clean, lightly floured surface, and start to stretch the dough. Press down on the center, spreading the dough into an 8inch circle, with the outer border a little thicker than the inner circle. If you find this difficult to do, use a small rolling pin to roll out the dough.nYield: 8 servings, ingredients: [3 cups about 1 pound skinned, boned and cubed chicken, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 3 12 tablespoons lime juice, 2 teaspoons chopped jalapeno pepper, Pinch chopped cilantro, Salt, Pizza dough, recipe follows, 3 cups grated mozzarella, 2 cups grated fontina, 1 pound about 6 plum tomatoes, ends removed and cut into thin slices, 12 cup eggplant, cubed and sauteed or grilled, 12 cup onion, sliced, grilled and chopped, Chopped chives, for garnish, 4 teaspoons Parmesan, grated, 1 package active dry or fresh yeast, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 cup warm water 105 to 115 degrees, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, plus additional, for brushing], title: Spicy Chicken Pizza, picturelink: null}, 23267: {instructions: In a slow cooker or medium stockpot, combine the grape juice, cinnamon, star anise, allspice, ginger and grapes. Bring to a simmer. Turn off the heat and let steep for at least 20 minutes before ladling into mugs., ingredients: [2 quarts storebought grape juice, One 3inch cinnamon stick, 3 whole star anise, 1 teaspoon allspice berries, One 3inch chunk fresh ginger, 1 bunch concord grapes or red or purple grapes, cleaned], title: Hot Grape Cider, picturelink: null}, 23268: {instructions: Split each lobster with a long, sharp knife. Cut each lobster into 8 pieces: 2 chest halves with legs attached, 2 lobster tail halves, 2 large claws and 2 knuckles that connect the claws and body. Save any juice that exudes from the lobster. Refrigerate tails, claws and knuckles.nTurn on oven broiler. Brush a large roasting pan with a little oil, and place the four lobster chest halves on it. When oven is hot, place the pan directly under the broiler unit. Cook the lobster chests, turning frequently, for about 10 minutes, or until they are slightly charred.nWhile chests are cooking, place olive oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Peel and mince 6 garlic cloves, and add to the oil. Saute, stirring, until the garlic turns golden brown, about 5 minutes.nRemove chests from the oven and place in the Dutch oven with the garlic and oil. Add the white wine to the roasting pan, and deglaze pan for 30 seconds over a mediumhigh heat. Pour the wine into the Dutch oven. Remove the tomatoes from the cans, and, one by one, squeeze then over the contents of the Dutch oven, finally dropping the crushed tomatoes in. Reserve tomato juice in cans for possible use later. Add any reserved juices from the lobsters. Add the dried chilies, oregano, and basil boil ten minutes. Cover the Dutch oven, remove from heat, and let it rest for at least 1 hour.nWhen almost ready to serve, pick the shells out of the tomato sauce and discard them. Remember to push all bits of tomato and lobster into the tomato sauce before discarding the shells. Add crushed red pepper flakes to taste. In a large heavy skillet, place the remaining 3 tablespoons of olive oil over a high heat. Gently peel the remaining 4 cloves of garlic and cut into broad, thin slices. Add the garlic to the oil, and cook until the garlic just starts to burn about 5 minutes. Add the 4 lobster claws, 4 knuckles, and 4 tail halves shell side down, and cook covered for 4 minutes. Turn the lobster pieces over and cook until done, covered, another 3 to 4 minutes. Lower heat to medium, add tomato sauce and stir well. Taste for seasoning and red pepper. If the sauce seems too thick, thin with a little reserved tomato juice. Cook for 1 minute. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 1 12 pound lobsters, 10 cloves garlic, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 28ounce cans whole tomatoes, 2 hot dried red chilies, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 8 torn basil leaves, Crushed red pepper flakes to taste], title: David Rosengarten Lobster Fra Diavlo, picturelink: null}, 23269: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil in a pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the zucchini, onions, garlic, chile, celery, cubanelle pepper, red bell pepper, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook about 10 to 12 minutes to soften vegetables. Add in the olives, raisins, and capers once the veggies start to give off their juice. Add the vinegar, then tomato sauce. Reduce heat to a simmer. Stir in the parsley and basil to finish.nArrange bread on a large baking sheet and top with an even, thick layer of caponata. Then top that with an even layer of cheese and bake for 5 minutes to brown and melt the cheese. Cut each 12 loaf into 3 large squares of bread pizza., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds yellow squash andor zucchini, small dice, 1 medium onion, red or yellow, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 small red chile, Fresno or Holland, chopped or thinly sliced, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 1 cubanelle pepper, chopped, 1 small red bell or sweet red frying pepper, seeded and chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Sicilian green olives, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons golden raisins, 2 to 3 tablespoons capote capers, drained and chopped, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, or a splash of dry wine, 1 14ounce can tomato sauce, A handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, A few leaves fresh basil, torn, 1 large loaf ciabatta bread, split horizontally, 2 12 cups 10ounce package shredded provolone, or 12 pound caciocavallo cheese, shredded], title: Ciabatta Pizza with Squash Caponata, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 23270: {instructions: Mix flour and dry ingredients together in a large bowl. Add 34 cup water and stir to combine. Gradually add more water until mixture is thick enough to coat a finger. Stir in peanut oil. The batter may be made up to 2 hours in advance.nTo make fritters, heat oil in a large saucepan to deepfry temperature 350 degrees F. Dip vegetables, one at a time into the batter and fry until deep brown, about 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Serve immediately with Mint and Cilantro Chutney, Yogurt Sauce, and soy sauce for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup fine chickpea flour, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon black mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 34 to 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon peanut or vegetable oil, 6 cups vegetable oil for frying, 1 bell pepper, cored, seeded, and sliced in 12 inch strips, 6 medium mushrooms, whole or sliced in half, 1 cup broccoli florets, 2 cups cauliflower florets], title: Vegetable Fritters with Chick Pea Batter, picturelink: null}, 23271: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlowly melt the butter with the liquid smoke in a saucepan over medium heat, then gradually whisk in the flour. Cook, whisking continuously, until the color is a light chocolate brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Pour the roux into a 6 to 7quart slow cooker.nToss the onion, bell pepper, celery and garlic in the slow cooker, then arrange the chicken on top. Sprinkle with the Cajun seasoning and file powder. Add the chicken broth, cover and cook on low, about 6 hours.nTransfer the chicken to a cutting board. Shred the meat, discarding the bones, then return the meat to the slow cooker.nAdd the shrimp, cover and cook until they turn pink, about 8 minutes.nServe over rice top with the scallions and hot sauce.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon liquid smoke, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 medium white onion, finely chopped, 1 green bell pepper, finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 14 pounds skinless, bonein chicken thighs, trimmed of excess fat, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 1 tablespoon file powder gumbo seasoning, such as Zatarains, 1 12 pounds medium shellon shrimp, Cooked white rice and sliced scallions, for serving, Hot sauce, for serving], title: SlowCooker Smoked Chicken and Shrimp Gumbo, picturelink: WEhwbYleB9YI4vQbjrAAb2CzInXGgj2}, 23272: {instructions: Mix the coffee liqueur, black currant liqueur and espresso together in a spouted measuring cup. Divide between two 10ounce chilled beer mugs. Then, evenly split the stout between the glasses. Stir gently to combine.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [1 12 ounces coffee liqueur, 1 12 ounces black currant liqueur, 1 shot espresso, One 12ounce stout draught beer, chilled], title: Pitch Dark Coffee Stout, picturelink: qaIGbMsSdQy4eVkETTZc2b2eo7h1ka}, 23273: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Pop the corn according to package directions and transfer to a large bowl. Set aside. In a medium saucepan, combine the sugar, butter, salt, corn syrup, vanilla bean and cacao nibs. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally, over medium heat.nPour the caramel over the popcorn, tossing to coat evenly. Divide the caramel corn between 2 parchmentlined sheet pans. Bake, stirring every 15 minutes, until the popcorn is sticky and caramelized, about 1 hour. Cool the popcorn on sheet pans, stirring often for the first few minutes so it doesnt stick together. Store in an airtight container up to 5 days., ingredients: [12 cup popcorn kernels, 1 cup brown sugar, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 ounces dark corn syrup, 12 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 1 tablespoon cacao nibs], title: Cacao Nib Caramel Corn, picturelink: null}, 23274: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a small saucepot over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Add in the garlic and saute for 1 minute. Add in the tomato paste and saute for 1 more minute. Stir in the diced tomatoes, sugar and season with salt and pepper. Add the torn basil leaves and bring to a slow simmer. Allow to simmer for about 15 minutes while you make your pizza pocket.nRoll out the dough balls on a lightly floured surface into 4 equal rounds. On half of each round, layer some mozzarella, and then some pepperoni slices. Fold in half, covering the filling, and then fold the outer edges up and crimp the edges with your fingers to seal. Place the pockets on a baking sheet, brush with olive oil and sprinkle with grated Parmesan. Bake until golden, 10 to 15 minutes. Serve with the sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for brushing, 12 small onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 to 6 leaves fresh basil, torn, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 pound pizza dough, divided into 4 balls, 2 cups shredded whole milk mozzarella, 12 ounces pepperoni, thinly sliced, Grated Parmesan, to taste], title: Pepperoni Pizza Pocket, picturelink: sKAht4H9ypsoWFHf9ZR..l..XlgmfO}, 23275: {instructions: Fill 4 tall glasses with crushed ice. Combine the ginger beer, club soda, lime juice and grenadine in a pitcher. Pour over the ice. Garnish with lime rounds andor cherries., ingredients: [4 cups ginger beer, 1 cup club soda or seltzer water, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 14 cup grenadine, Lime rounds andor maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: Ginger Beer Lime Rickey, picturelink: FXwPYciNM6VhuJOf2q4d7BppTeDFu}, 23276: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F 140 degrees C. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.nPut the sugar and lemon juice in a large bowl. Add one egg white and whisk for a minute  the mixture will look hard, but dont worry. Add another egg white and whisk for a few minutes before adding the remaining whites. Then whisk for 4 to 5 minutes until the meringue is stiff and shiny.nDollop the mixture in a circle on the parchment paper about 8in 20cm round, making the sides slightly higher than the center. Bake in the bottom of the oven for 1 to 1 12 hours, or until the meringue is firm and crisp on the outside but still soft and pillowy inside. If you can, wedge the oven door open a tiny bit with a damp tea towel this allows the moisture to escape and dries out your meringue more quickly. You dont want too much color  it may begin to turn a very, very pale beige, but that is it. Once cooked, turn off the oven and leave the meringue inside until completely cool.nMeanwhile, put all the fruit filling ingredients except the blackberries in a medium saucepan set over medium heat. You can throw the vanilla seeds and the bean into the mix. Bring the liquid to just boiling point, then turn down to a poach. A poach is when there is only one or two bubbles breaking the surface of the liquid. Cook for about 15 minutes, until the fruit is soft but still has a bit of bite. Add the blackberries and remove the pan from the heat, then let the fruit cool in the liquid.nTo make the cream filling, put the cream, sugar, and vanilla into a large bowl and whip. The cream is whipped enough when it just starts to hold its shape in the bowl and does not run when the bowl is tipped. It is best to very slightly underwhip, as the cream will thicken when left to stand.nDrain the fruit through a sifter or colander, reserving the liquid if you want, to have as a hot toddy.nTo assemble the pavlova, place the meringue on a serving plate. Dollop the cream mixture all over it, leaving a 1 12 4cm border all the way around. Pile the drained fruit all over the cream and serve., ingredients: [1 cup8 14oz230g superfine sugar, Squeeze of lemon juice, 4 egg whites, at room temperature, 3 quince or 4 pears, peeled, cored, and sliced, 2 apples, peeled, cored, and sliced, 2 star anise, 1 cinnamon stick, snapped in half, Couple of twists of black pepper, 12 bottle of Marsala or good red wine, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 orange, 4 tbsp soft light brown sugar, seeds of 1 vanilla bean, save a third of the seeds for the cream filling, or 4 drops of vanilla extract, 2 large handfuls of blackberries, 1 15 cup11fl oz300ml whipping or heavy cream, 18 cup 34 oz20g confectioners sugar, a few seeds from vanilla bean saved from above or 1 drop vanilla extract], title: Spiced Blackberry, Quince and Apple Pavlova, picturelink: null}, 23277: {instructions: Boil water for pasta, salt it, and cook spaghetti to al dente.nWhile spaghetti cooks, heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, crushed red pepper flakes and garlic. Place chick peas in food processor and pulse grind them to a fine chop. Add chick peas to garlic and season them with thyme, salt and pepper then saute them for 3 to 4 minutes. Add wine or broth and cook down 30 seconds or so then stir in tomatoes and adjust seasoning. Drain pasta and toss with sauce. Top with parsley and grated cheese., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, Salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 14ounce can, chick peas, drained, 12 teaspoon dry thyme, eyeball it, Pepper, 12 cup dry white wine or chicken broth, 1 14ounce can, crushed tomatoes, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, Grated ParmiginaoReggiano, to pass at table], title: Spaghetti alla Ceci, picturelink: tixRs0ft9WXydb2s3335jSVfIjZRSYO}, 23278: {instructions: Bring 1 quart water to a boil, then remove from the heat and add the tea bags. Steep the tea, dunking the bags occasionally, 10 minutes. Remove the tea bags. Add the cranberry juice and stir. Refrigerate until chilled completely, about 1 hour.nFill a tall glass a third of the way with the cranberry tea, then fill the rest of the way with the Italian orange soda. Add a heaping tablespoon of the cranberry cubes. Garnish with an orange zest curl and serve. Repeat with 11 more glasses and the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [4 black tea bags, 2 cups cranberry juice cocktail, Six 15ounce cans Italian orange soda, One 14ounce can jellied cranberry sauce, cut into small cubes, Orange zest curls, for garnish], title: Cranberry Orange Iced Tea Sparkler, picturelink: null}, 23279: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMuddle the mint leaves, sugar, lemon slices and lime slices with a muddler or pestle in the bottom of a large glass. In a blender, mix a little ice, water, coconut milk, lemon juice, lime juice and rum if using. Give drink a quick blend. Pour into glass with muddled mint mixture. Garnish with mint sprigs and lime slices., ingredients: [6 to 8 mint leaves, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons sugar, or more to taste, 2 lemon slices, 2 lime slices, Ice, 1 cup coconut water, or regular water, 3 tablespoons coconut milk, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Rum, to taste, optional], title: Crazy Coconut Lemonade, picturelink: QFtJ1mVPaIuk.SxER5OuVcppaNon0Ke}, 23280: {instructions: Add all dipping sauce ingredients to a pot on a low temperature. Heat for 10 minutes, making sure you stir ingredients every few minutes.nIn a large, heavy pot, heat 2inches of the peanut oil to 325 degrees F.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, and baking powder. Add the water and whisk until smooth. Let the batter stand for 15 minutes.nIn a wide, shallow bowl, toss the coconut and bread crumbs together.nPut the shrimp into the batter. Remove the shrimp, 1 at a time, and dredge in the coconut mixture, pressing to help the coconut adhere. Fry the shrimp in batches in the hot oil for 1 to 2 minutes or until brown. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the shrimp to a baking sheet lined with paper towels. Serve the shrimp with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [12 cup orange marmalade, 4 teaspoons rice wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Peanut oil, for frying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 23 cup water, 2 cups shredded sweetened coconut, 12 cup bread crumbs, 1 pound medium or large shrimp, peeled and deveined], title: Coconut Fried Shrimp with Dipping Sauce, picturelink: W7hmImWrhHd.b7dUwm.CKK8igV3jNNa}, 23281: {instructions: To make the dough: Stir the water, oil, and sugar in a liquid measuring cup until the sugar dissolves. Sprinkle the yeast over the surface over the liquid and set aside without stirring until foamy, about 5 minutes.nWhisk flour, cornmeal, and salt in a large bowl, make a well in the center, and add yeast mixture. With a wooden spoon or your hand, gradually stir flour into liquid to make a rough dough. Pull dough together into a ball. Turn onto a work surface dusted with flour. Knead until dough is smooth and elastic, about 5 to 6 minutes, using a little flour if necessary to keep it from sticking. Shape dough into a ball.nBrush a large bowl with oil and turn dough around in bowl to coat lightly. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap, trace a circle the size of the dough on the plastic, and note the time  let rise until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Turn dough onto a work surface knead briefly to release excess air, reshape into a ball and return to the bowl. Cover, and let rise until soft and puffy, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile prepare your topping: Grate the tomatoes on the large holes of a box grater into a large bowl. If very juicy, drain lightly in a strainer. Sprinkle the garlic with the salt and mash and smear the garlic into a paste with the side of a chefs knife. Add to the drained tomatoes. Whisk in the olive oil and season with the salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nDivide dough in half. Form dough into rounds see Howto pictures. Press dough into cornmeal, flipping to dust both sides. Hold dough up like a steering wheel and rotate and stretch it to make a thin disk. Lightly brush a pizza screen or crisper with oil and place round on top. Spread half the tomato over the top and bake until crust is golden and crisp, about 15 minutes. Remove pizza from the oven and drop spoonfuls of ricotta on top. Scatter the fresh herbs and serve. Repeat with remaining pizza., ingredients: [1 cup warm water about 110 degrees F, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus additional as needed, 2 teaspoons sugar 14 ounce, 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast 14 ounce package, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for kneading 11 38 ounces, 12 cup white or yellow cornmeal, plus additional for forming 2 38 ounces, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt 18 ounce, 4 medium ripe yellow or red tomatoes about 2 pounds, 3 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh ricotta cheese, at room temperature, 5 to 6 sprigs fresh basil, oregano or parsley or a mix, leaves stripped and torn], title: Ricotta and Tomato Pizzas, picturelink: vTkhfFXiCNOQokEBk0xQphZ5vz30J5.}, 23282: {instructions: Place the filets on a board and pat them dry with paper towels. Sprinkle the filets with salt and then press the black pepper evenly on both sides. Allow to rest at room temperature for 15 minutes.nHeat 1 12 tablespoons of the butter and the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until the butter almost smokes. Place the steaks in the pan and lower the heat to medium. Saute the steaks for 4 minutes on 1 side and then for 3 minutes on the other side, for medium rare. Remove the steaks to a serving platter and cover tightly with aluminum foil.nMeanwhile, pour all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the saute pan. Add the shallots and cook over medium heat for 2 minutes. Add the beef broth and cook over high heat for 4 to 6 minutes, until reduced by half, scraping the brown bits from the bottom of the pan. Add the Cognac and cook for 2 more minutes. Off the heat, swirl in the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and 12 teaspoon salt. Serve the steaks hot with the sauce poured on top., ingredients: [6 filet mignon, cut 1 14 inches thick, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 34 cup chopped shallots 3 to 4 shallots, 1 cup canned beef broth, 12 cup good Cognac or brandy], title: Filet of Beef au Poivre, picturelink: c.T05Ld7bZm9Z6sw5K.wGSfWWywrSBK}, 23283: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Grits:nAdd the bacon to medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir with a wooden spoon until some of the fat is rendered. Add the onion and saute until tender and the bacon is cooked and crisp, about 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd the chicken stock, milk, and salt and pepper, to taste, and bring to a boil.nOnce boiling, gradually add the grits in a low steady stream, whisking continually. Reduce the heat to low and stir frequently until the liquid is almost absorbed and the grits are thick, about 10 minutes.nAdd the smoked Gouda, whisking all the while to melt the cheese. Stir in heavy cream and butter. Taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper, if needed. Sprinkle with chives and serve immediately with the Collard Greens.nFor the Collard Greens:nRemove and discard the tough stems and center ribs of the collard greens. Stack the leaves and roll tightly into a cylinder. Thinly slice the collards into ribbons about 116th of an inch thick. Repeat with any remaining collard greens.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil. When the oil shimmers add the garlic and saute for 30 seconds. Add the collard greens, toss quickly with tongs, and saute until bright green, about 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the chicken stock and cook until the liquid evaporates, another 2 minutes. Serve immediately with the Grits., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups whole milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup quick cooking grits, 1 cup grated smoked Gouda, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, Butter, to finish, Chopped chives, for garnish, 1 large bundle collard greens about 1 pound, washed well, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 5 garlic cloves, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chicken stock], title: Bacon Cheese Grits with Collard Greens, picturelink: 1dB7MvdgRhBZkfuf7WOL8o18NQIX3b2}, 23284: {instructions: Prepare the steak: Set the steaks on a cutting board and slice them in half crosswise. Using your knife, round out the cleancut edges so the sides look softer. Use paper towels to pat the steaks dry, then season all over with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Set aside 15 to 30 minutes to bring to room temperature.nMeanwhile, make the chimichurri sauce: Place the cilantro, parsley, onion, lemon juice, vinegar, garlic, red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until roughly chopped. Slowly pour in the olive oil and process until the chimichurri is semismooth, about 4 seconds. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside.nHeat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Brush both sides of each steak with the vegetable oil, then cook, undisturbed, until marked, 3 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook until a thermometer registers 125 degrees F for medium rare, 3 to 5 more minutes. Transfer to plates and let rest 5 minutes. Serve with the chimichurri sauce.nPhotograph by Paul Sirisalee, ingredients: [For the steak:, 2 10to12ounce sirloin steaks, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, For the sauce:, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped onion, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, minced or pressed through a garlic press, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 13 cup olive oil], title: Simple Sirloin Steak With Chimichurri, picturelink: 3gHVMWhuSDDvhiBRoZd4BFLuOUMMx4m}, 23285: {instructions: Cook pasta until tender, drain and transfer to a mixing bowl add prosciutto and season to taste with salt and pepper. Drain the porcini through a cheesecloth lined sieve. Reserve liquid. Rinse grit from mushrooms and chop finely. In a skillet heat the butter and saute shallots until tender. Add mushrooms, chopped porcini and reserved liquid and cook until mushrooms are tender and have absorbed the liquid. Add heavy cream and bring to a boil season to taste with salt and pepper. Toss with pasta and transfer to a buttered baking dish. Heat, covered until hot in a preheated 350 degree oven. Delicious with turkey, capon and ham., ingredients: [2 cups tiny pasta, shaped like tubettini or tiny shells, 2 ounces prosciutto, cut into fine shreds, 1ounce dried porcini, soaked in water until soft, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup shallots, minced, 10 ounces mushrooms, finely chopped, 34 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper], title: Pasta Stuffing with Porcini and Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 23286: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the breasts from the guinea fowls and set them aside. Chop up the carcasses and legs and brown the pieces in a roasting pan in the oven, this should take about 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and place in a large stock pot.nCoarsely chop up all the vegetables and put them in the pot with the browned carcass pieces. Add the garlic, the bouquet garni, the fresh thyme, and the tomato paste. Cover with water by about 2inches. Bring to a simmer, and cook until reduced by half. Keep in mind that the slower the simmer, the better tasting the glaze will be. Once simmered, strain the contents to keep only the juices and the broth and viola The base for your sauce.nIn a frying pan, melt the butter and incorporate the honey. When the mixture becomes thick and foamy, quickly brown the 4 reserved breasts on both sides, taking care not to let the honey blacken. Finish cooking the breasts in the oven on a baking sheet, about 10 minutes. To the pan, add the chopped shallots and cook for 2 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the hydromel wine, reducing for 2 to 3 minutes. Add 1 cup of the sauce base and cook until the mixture has slightly thickened. Add the dried cranberries at the last moment.nSet the guinea fowl breasts on a plate dress it with gravy., ingredients: [2 guinea fowl, 1 carrot, 1 celery stalk, 1 onion, 12 leek, 12 clove garlic, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bouquet garni, 1 12 ounces fresh butter, 4 tablespoons honey, 1 14 ounces fresh shallots, chopped, 12 cup hydromel wine, 1 14 ounces dried cranberries], title: Stuffed Breast of Guinea Fowl Caramelized in Hydromel Wine, picturelink: null}, 23287: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 F and a line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a clean glass bowl, use an electric hand beater or, alternatively, an electric mixer and the whisk attachment to whip the egg whites to soft peaks. Take care to assure that all of the utensils and the bowl are very clean. Greasy residue on a bowl can greatly inhibit this process. The whites will start to gain volume but still seem somewhat yielding in texture.nBeat in the cream of tartar and then start to add the 1 cup of sugar in small increments. When all of the sugar has been incorporated, whip until stiff peaks form. The texture of the whites should be firm and they should look glossy.nUse a spatula to transfer the whipped whites to the sheet tray in the form of a circle, roughly the size of the width of the trifle bowl. Put the sheet tray in the center of the oven and bake the meringue until firm and a very pale, light brown color. At this point, you can turn off the oven and leave the meringue sit in the oven until you are ready to serve the dessert.nIn a medium glass bowl, combine the grapefruit juice, tangerine zest, 14 cup of sugar and gin. Whisk to blend, then stir in the orange and tangerine sections. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes and up to 2 hours.nRemove the meringue from the oven and set aside.nPut the citrus mixture into the bottom of the trifle bowl and stir in the pomegranate seeds. Cover with the meringue lid and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 egg whites, room temperature, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup granulated sugar, plus 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 grapefruit, juiced, 3 tangerines, zested, peeled and flesh pulled apart into segments, 12 cup gin, 3 juice oranges, peeled and flesh pulled apart into segments, 1 pomegranate, halved, seeds removed and reserved], title: Baked Meringue with Citrus, Gin and Pomegranate, picturelink: null}, 23288: {instructions: For the steak: Liberally sprinkle both sides of the steaks with salt and pepper, then let sit at room temperature for 1 hour.nHeat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Add the steaks and sear until well browned, about 4 minutes. Flip the steaks and add the butter, garlic and rosemary. Using a spoon, continually baste the top of the steaks with the butter. Cook until medium to medium rare, about 6 more minutes. Set aside loosely covered with foil and let rest 10 minutes before slicing.nFor the Gorgonzola mousse: Blend together the Neufchatel and Gorgonzola until well combined. Using a hand mixer, beat the heavy cream to medium peaks. Fold in the cheese mixture until uniform. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the crostini: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nDrizzle some olive oil over both sides of the baguette slices and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Toast the slices on the grill pan until light golden on both sides, a few minutes per side.nTo build the crostini, thinly slice the rested steaks against the grain and layer onto the crostini, about 4 slices per crostini. Place a dollop of the Gorgonzola mousse on top or pipe for a fancier presentation, followed by some Caramelized Bourbon Shallots, Marinated Radishes and microgreens. Top with a piece of shrimp on a tiny skewer or toothpick, tail up.nMelt the butter in a pan over medium heat. Add the shallots and slowly sweat and caramelize for 15 to 20 minutes. Deglaze with the bourbon, cooking about a minute, then season with salt and pepper.nWhisk together the vinegar, honey and mustard in a bowl and add the radishes. Let sit for at least 1 hour and up to overnight., ingredients: [2 bonein thickcut ribeye steaks about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 6 ounces Neufchatel cheese, at room temperature, 4 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, at room temperature, 13 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Olive oil, for drizzling, 1 French baguette, sliced 12 inch thick on the bias, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Caramelized Bourbon Shallots, recipe follows, Marinated Radishes, recipe follows, Microgreens, for topping the crostini, 36 to 40 poached medium tailon shrimp, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 shallots, sliced thin, 1 tablespoon bourbon, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon stoneground mustard, 6 radishes, cut into 14inch slices with a knife or a mandolin], title: Surf and Turf RibEye Crostini with Gorgonzola Mousse and Caramelized Bourbon Shallots, picturelink: LLS7xTkxj5SADD2BpMufr99llrPYsNG}, 23289: {instructions: Remove the tough outer leaves of the escarole and twist from the core, discard. Wash in a deep bowl filled with very cold water and swish around until all the dirt has rested on the bottom of the bowl. Lift the leaves from the bowl and spin dry in small batches in a salad spinner.nHeat the butter, oil, and pepper flakes in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half the escarole and stir until just wilted. Add the remaining escarole and cook until softened but still has a little crunch. Season with the salt and serve.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [1 large or 2 small heads escarole, trimmed, washed, and dried about 12 cups, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Wilted Escarole, picturelink: null}, 23290: {instructions: In a food processor, puree all together. Should have consistency of ground meat. Mold mixture around stalks. Cook on a hot, oiled grill for about 4 minutes a side or until almost blackened.nIn a food processor, puree all. May need to add a little water to make puree smooth. Check for seasoning. Garnish with basil, cilantro and almonds., ingredients: [1 12 pounds rock shrimp, 2 shallots, 2 Thai bird chilies, 1 cup coconut, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 5 kaffir lime leaves, julienned, Juice of 1 lime, Salt and black pepper to taste, 6 sugar cane stalks or lemon grass stalks, 1 cup toasted almond slivers, 12 tablespoon sambal, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 14 cup Thai basil leaves, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, Juice of 2 limes, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup peanut oil, Salt and black pepper to taste, Water to thin, Garnish: basil, cilantro and almonds], title: Grilled Shrimp Lollipop with Spicy Almond Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23291: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 9inch nonstick saute pan Heat resistant spatula 4ounce ladlenPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nTo clarify the butter, put it in a small pot over low heat and slowly bring to a simmer. Cook over low heat until the butter separates. When the milk solids fall to the bottom and the golden butter fat rises to the surface remove from heat. Set asidenCrack the eggs into a medium mixing bowl and pour in cream. Add pepper and whisk until well incorporated and foamy.nPreheat the pan over medium heat. When the pan is heated, add 2 or 3 tablespoons of clarified butter. Turn the heat down slightly. Using a 4ounce ladle, add 1 ladle of eggs into the pan. Using a spatula, start stirring quickly.nOnce the eggs begin to set, stop stirring. Put the pan in the oven and cook for 1 12 minutes. When you remove the omelette from the oven it should still have a soft custard touch.nSprinkle with chopped herbs, a pinch of sea salt and cracked white pepper.nServe with roasted mushrooms and watercress., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 18 eggs 3 per person, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon crushed white peppercorns, 1 bunch chives, finely chopped, 1 bunch chervil, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon sea salt, Roasted mushrooms and watercress, as accompaniment, if desired, 12 cup heavy cream], title: The Ultimate Omelette, picturelink: MqENteLHQt7umNYgwU.1aEeqtcoKNK}, 23292: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk the lemon juice, orange juice, olive oil and some salt and pepper together in a large bowl.nIn the bowl of a food processor fitted with a largeholed shredding attachment, shred the carrots and then the apples, 1 piece at a time. Toss the shredded carrots, apple and pickled beets with the citrus vinaigrette and serve., ingredients: [Juice of 1 lemon, Juice of 1 orange, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large carrots, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and quartered, 1 large jarred pickled red beet, sliced into matchsticks], title: Shredded Beet and Carrot Salad, picturelink: 894Hrt8liccgws1Ex6McvNDh8JteLLK}, 23293: {instructions: Combine sugar and salt with meal in large mixing bowl. Scald with boiling water and stir well. Thin immediately with milk to a mixture that will drop easily from spoon additional milk may be necessary: mixture should be consistency of thin mashed potato.nDrop by the spoonful onto medium hot griddle greased with 1 to 2 tablespoons of bacon grease or corn oil do not let griddle get dry. Cook 5 to 6 minutes on each side until a brown, crunchy crust is formed and inside is soft. Serve hot with butter., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup Carpenters Johnnycake Meal, 1 cup boiling water, 3 to 4 tablespoons milk, Bacon grease or corn oil, for frying, Butter, as an accompaniment], title: Johnnycakes, picturelink: null}, 23294: {instructions: Preheat a heavy skillet over medium heat. In a mixing bowl, toss the potatoes with half of the melted butter. Divide potato mixture into 18 equal portions, making a small mound with each. Add the remaining melted butter to the skillet and heat. Carefully drop the mounds into the heated butter, and fry for about 5 minutes on each side, or until crispy. Keep in mind that slow cooking is better than fast hot rapid cooking may burn the potato cakes rather than crisp them. Remove potato cakes onto paper towels to drain.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the sauce, heat cider vinegar and shallots in a saucepan over medium heat. Reduce the vinegar by 23 the finished reduction should be as thick as syrup. Add the apple cider and reduce by half. Add the cream, turn the heat down to low, and simmer for 15 minutes.nWhile cream is simmering, assemble potato cakes as follows: In an ovenproof dish, make 6 stacks, each 3 cakeshigh, by starting each stack with a potato cake, topping it with a slice of goat cheese, placing a dollop of applesauce on the cheese, and continuing to layer the cakes, cheese, and applesauce until all the stacks are completed. Then place the dish in the oven for about 8 minutes to reheat.nJust before serving, stir the mustard and 3 tablespoons chives into the sauce, and spoon a little onto each serving plate. Place a potato cake stack on top of the sauce, and finish each stack with another dollop of applesauce. Garnish with remaining chives., ingredients: [4 large potatoes, peeled and grated, 10 tablespoons clarified butter, melted, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 shallots, peeled and finely diced, 12 cup fresh apple cider, 12 cup heavy cream, 6 ounces goat cheese, cut into 12 thin slices, 1 12 cups applesauce, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 5 tablespoons freshly chopped chives], title: Crispy Potato Pancake with Applesauce and Goat Cheese, picturelink: 9sjgapxbZvSgaVw3nTNQsRbC.5iWj5C}, 23295: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine the oil and chicken broth or water, and bring to a simmer. Stir in the scallions and couscous and cover the pan. Remove the pan from the heat and let stand for 5 minutes.nWhen the couscous has absorbed all the liquid, fluff it with a fork, and add the parsley, if using, and salt and pepper. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 12 cups fatfree reducedsodium chicken broth or water, 12 cup chopped scallions, 1 cup plain couscous, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Couscous with Scallions, picturelink: nA7V5iQqaFcIEQQ0MKqVdUioieXjPu}, 23296: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nCut the potatoes crosswise into 14inchthick slices and arrange in a single layer on one or more oiled baking sheets, as needed. Brush the potato slices with olive oil. Roast them in the oven, turning them once, for about 30 minutes or until golden brown and crisp. If potato slices are roasting unevenly, rotate the baking sheet occasionally. Transfer the potatoes to paper towels to drain and season with salt.nIn a food processor combine the goat cheese, milk, herbs, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste and puree until smooth.nTop each potato slice with a dollop of the cheese mixture either with a teaspoon or piped from a pastry bag. Garnish each hor doeuvre with the pink peppercorns, pistachios, red bell pepper or herb sprigs., ingredients: [2 russet potatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 8 ounces soft mild goat cheese, 3 to 4 tablespoons milk, 14 cup finely chopped fresh herbs, i.e. parsley, chervil, thyme, andor tarragon, 1 garlic clove, finely minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pink peppercorns, chopped toasted pistachios, finely chopped red bell pepper andor fresh herb sprigs, for garnish], title: Crispy Potato Slices with Herb and Garlic Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 23297: {instructions: In a large microwaveable bowl, melt the chocolate chips in the microwave, on High setting, stirring thoroughly every 30 seconds set aside.nWith an electric mixer on Medium setting, beat the fatfree cream cheese until smooth. Gradually add the sugar, beating until well blended. Dissolve the instant coffee in the nonfat milk stir it into the cream cheese mixture. Add the vanilla and melted chocolate. Refrigerate about 15 minutes. Shape into 1inch balls. Sift the sweet ground chocolate over truffle balls. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 12ounce package semisweet chocolate chips, 8 ounces fatfree cream cheese, softened, 3 cups powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon instant coffee granules, 1 teaspoon nonfat milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup sweet ground chocolate or unsweetened cocoa powder], title: Easy Truffles, picturelink: null}, 23298: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare brownie mix as directed on package. Spread in greased foillined 15x10x1inch baking pan.n2. Bake 15 minutes or until toothpick inserted into center comes out almost clean. Cool in pan on wire rack.n3. Meanwhile, beat confectioners sugar, 7 tablespoons of the butter, cream and peppermint extract in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until well blended and smooth. Spread evenly over cooled brownie. Refrigerate 30 minutes.n4. Microwave chocolate and remaining 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter in large microwave bowl on HIGH 2 minutes or until butter is melted. Stir until chocolate is completely melted. Spread over top of chilled brownie. Sprinkle with crushed peppermint candies, if desired. Cut into bars., ingredients: [1 package 21 ounces fudge brownie mix, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 15 tablespoons butter, softened, divided, 1 12 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Pure Peppermint Extract, 12 ounces semisweet baking chocolate, coarsely chopped, Crushed peppermint candies or candy canes optional], title: Peppermint Bars, picturelink: Rxptg2FQHPh5EiKjkcEDgZbLu0givG}, 23299: {instructions: Heat skillet and add butter. Once melted, add the flour, milk and onions. Stir constantly until thick. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 cup milk, 12 Sauteed onion, Salt and pepper], title: Gravy, picturelink: null}, 23300: {instructions: About 2 12 hours before serving or early in the daynIn large bowl, with mixer at low speed , beat all ingredients except almonds until mixture is well blended. With hands, knead until mixture forms a ball and is smooth. chop toasted almonds: place on plate. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Working with half the cookie dough, with hands, on unfloured work surface, roll 1 tablespoon of dough at a time into a 10inch long rope Shape rope into a loopshape pretzel. Gently press pretzel cookies, topside down, into chopped almonds. Place cookies, almondside up, about 12 inch apart in ungreased large cookie sheet. Bake pretzels cookies, 15 minutes or until cookies begin to brown on bottoms. With pancake turner, remove cookies to wire racks to cool. Repeat with remaining dough. Store cookies in tightly covered container., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup margarine or butter 1 12 sticks, softened, 34 A cup sugar, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted], title: Chocolate Pretzels, picturelink: null}, 23301: {instructions: Use a sharp knife to score the skin side of the duck breasts in 2 directions, about 20 slashes per direction. Season the breasts on both sides with salt and pepper. Reserve in the refrigerator.nCut off 1 end so the orange can stand on the cutting board, and slice off 2 2inch strips of zest. Cut the zest into fine julienne, then blanch the zest for 1 minute in the cup of boiling water. Juice the orange, strain the juice into a saucepan, and boil it until its reduced to about 1 tablespoon.nIf youre using the kumquats instead, cut the round ends off the kumquats and eat or discard them. Set the kumquats on 1 end and use a sharp paring knife to trim the zest off three of them. Cut all the kumquats in half lengthwise, and working over a strainer set in a nonreactive bowl, remove the pulp with a small spoon. Push the pulp against the strainer to extract the juice. Dont worry if you end up with only a tablespoon or 2. Place the kumquat zests on a cutting board and slice them into fine julienne. Bring the 12 cup water to a boil over high heat, blanch the zests for 1 minute, then drain them in a strainer.nIf youre using concentrated duck broth, reduce it in a small saucepan to about 2 tablespoons until its lightly syrupy.nHeat a saute pan over medium to high heat and saute the duck breasts, skin side down, 8 to 10 minutes for the Pekin duck breasts and 12 to 18 minutes for the mallard. Turn the breasts over, adjust the heat to high, and cook for 1 minute for the Pekin duck and 2 minutes for the mallard.nPour the fat out of the pan u00bf if it hasnt burned, save it for omelets u00bf and deglaze the pan with the reduced kumquats or orange juice. Use a whisk to add the glaze. Add the sugar, Grand Marnier, kumquat or orange zest, and vinegar, and simmer the sauce for about 30 seconds to cook off the alcohol. At this point, adjust the thickness of the sauce u00bf its consistency is up to you, but many cooks make their sauces too thick add 1 or 2 teaspoons water to thin it or simmer the sauce for a moment to reduce and thicken it. Whisk in the cold butter, keeping the pan and whisk moving until all the butter melts. Dont let it sit without whisking or the butter will separate. Season, to taste, with the pepper, and if necessary, a few more drops of vinegar.nSlice the breasts crosswise, arrange the slices on individual heated plates, and spoon the sauce over the breasts. Serve hot, with orange wedges if desired., ingredients: [2 Pekin Long Island duck breasts or 1 mallard breast 1 12 to 2 pounds each, Salt and pepper, 1 juicing orange or 6 kumquats, 12 cup water, 12 cup concentrated duck broth, 2 tablespoons homemade duck glaze or 1 tablespoon commercial glaze, 18 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon orange flavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 1 tablespoon balsamic, sherry, or red wine vinegar, or more to taste, 1 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, Orange wedges], title: Duck a lOrange, picturelink: null}, 23302: {instructions: Spicy Chips:nWhisk together the salt, ancho and chili de arbol powders in a bowl. Set aside.nCut potatoes into 14inch thick slices then cut each slice into 14inch thick fries. Place fries in a large bowl of cold water.nHeat oil in a large, straight sided skillet to 325 degrees F. Drain fries in batches on paper towels. Fry each batch for 3 to 4 minutes until a pale blonde color forms and remove to a sheet pan lined with paper towels.nJust before serving, increase the heat of the oil to 375 degrees F and fry the potatoes again, in batches, until golden brown. Remove to a sheet pan lined with paper towels and season with the spices and chopped cilantro.nFried Fish:nPreheat a deepfryer or a deep pot filled halfway with oil to 360 degrees F. Whisk together the flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and beer in a large bowl. Set aside for 10 minutes. Fold in the egg whites.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F. Season the fish with salt and pepper, dredge in flour, tap off excess then dip the fish in the batter and fry in batches until golden brown on both sides. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven. Serve with, Chips, LemonHabanero Tartar Sauce and Serrano Vinegar.nBring the lemon juice to a boil over high heat in a small saucepan and cook until reduced to 12 cup. Let cool.nCombine cooled lemon juice, mayonnaise, anchovy and habanero in a food processor and process until combined. Scrape the mixture into a medium bowl and fold in the cornichon and capers and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving.nBring vinegar to a simmer in small saucepan. Add the chiles and salt, remove from the heat and transfer to a glass bottle or jar. Let sit at room temperature for at least 8 hours., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, 1 teaspoon chili de arbol powder, 4 large baking potatoes, like russets, about 3 pounds, Canola oil, for frying, Chopped cilantro leaves, Canola or Peanut oil, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus 1 cup for dredging, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups beer, 3 large egg whites, beaten to stiff peaks, 3 pounds cod or haddock, cut into 6ounce pieces, LemonHabanero Tartar Sauce, recipe follows, Serrano Vinegar, recipe follows, 3 cups lemon juice, 1 12 cups prepared mayonnaise, 2 anchovy fillets, chopped, 12 habanero, chopped, 6 cornichon, finely diced, 2 tablespoons capers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups white wine vinegar, 8 serrano chiles, pricked with a fork, 1 tablespoon salt], title: Beer Batter Fish and Spicy Chips with LemonHabanero Tartar Sauce and Serrano Vinegar, picturelink: TLRGBNfu2s.2W9xZjbrCNCXKCYRWhu}, 23303: {instructions: Prepare a grill for medium heat.nFor the farro: Bring 4 cups water to a boil and add the farro and salt. Bring to a simmer and simmer until cooked, about 15 minutes. Drain and let cool.nFor the scallion pesto: Grill the scallions until charred, 4 to 6 minutes. Add the scallions to a blender with the basil, vinegar, salt and pepper and process. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and mix until the consistency of pesto.nFor the vegetables: Drizzle the zucchini and squash with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill on medium heat, about 5 minutes each side. Set aside to cool, then cut into 12inch pieces.nGrill the red peppers on medium heat, about 5 minutes each side. Place in a bowl and cover in plastic wrap to steam for about 8 minutes. Peel off the skins, remove the seeds and cut into 12inch strips.nCombine the farro, zucchini, squash, peppers and basil in a large bowl. Toss with the scallion pesto and season to taste with salt and pepper.nFor the scallops: Drizzle the scallops with olive oil and sprinkle with herbes de Provence, salt and pepper. Grill over medium heat, 3 to 4 minutes per side.nPortion the salad and serve with the scallops., ingredients: [34 cup semipearled semiperlato farro, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 4 scallions, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, Splash red wine vinegar, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 4 green zucchini, cut in half lengthwise and ends trimmed, 2 yellow squash, cut in half lengthwise and ends trimmed, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 red bell peppers, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 16 sea scallops, muscles removed, Olive oil, for drizzling, Herbes de Provence, for sprinkling, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Summer Salad with Scallion Pesto and Scallops, picturelink: WxGomItFLFEmWBONSo.aiMDho92yBi}, 23304: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees.nIn a small bowl, mix together the panko, parsley, lemon zest, 12 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Drizzle with the olive oil and stir until the crumbs are evenly coated. Set aside.nPlace the salmon fillets, skin side down, on a board. Generously brush the top of the fillets with mustard and then sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Press the panko mixture thickly on top of the mustard on each salmon fillet. The mustard will help the panko adhere.nHeat the vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat in a 12inch castiron skillet or large heavy, ovenproof pan. When the oil is very hot, add the salmon fillets, skin side down, and sear for 3 to 4 minutes, without turning, to brown the skin.nTransfer the pan to the hot oven for 5 to 7 minutes until the salmon is almost cooked and the panko is browned. Remove from the oven, cover with aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes. Serve the salmon hot or at room temperature with lemon wedges., ingredients: [23 cup panko Japanese dried bread flakes, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, Four 6 to 8ounce salmon fillets, skin on, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: PankoCrusted Salmon, picturelink: qP2k4DWmCSYOwd7895dSGBVWmLlU0Ne}, 23305: {instructions: Melt butter in a double boiler. Add onion. Simmer until tender. Stir in flour and other dry ingredients. Gradually stir in chicken broth and milk. Cook over boiling water, stirring until thickened. Could be 10 minutes. Add shrimp and lemon juice. Heat to serving temperature. Be sure not to heat too long or shrimp will overcook and turn to rubber. Serve over fluffy rice with two or more accompaniments on top: chutney, shredded coconut, diced bananas, sliced avocado, pineapple chunks, bacon bits, salted almonds, Spanish peanuts or currant jelly., ingredients: [1 cup chicken broth, 5 tablespoons butter, 12 cup minced onion, 6 tablespoons flour, 2 12 teaspoons curry powder more if you are audacious, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon powdered ginger, 2 cups milk, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 4 cups cleaned, cooked shrimp 3 pounds raw], title: Christmas Shrimp Curry, picturelink: null}, 23306: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until it is tender but still firm to the bite, about 3 minutes. In a saucepan melt butter, add milk and then whisk in cornstarch over medium heat until lightly thickened. Add pasta to the saucepan and toss. Add light cream, Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper, nutmeg to taste. Toss and thicken more. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fresh linguine, 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 cup milk, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup light cream, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Fettuccine Alfredo Lighter Version, picturelink: null}, 23307: {instructions: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh. Combine all of the spices in a medium bowl. Set aside half of the spice rub in an airtight container for another use store at room temperature for up to 6 months.nRub both sides of the fish with the remaining half of the spice rub. Grill on both sides for about 4 to 5 minutes on each side, or until just cooked through. Remove from the grill and immediately pour the Escovitch sauce over the fish and serve.nCombine all ingredients in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat on the grates of the grill or on a burner. Simmer for a couple minutes and then pour over the fish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon habanero powder, 2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 red snapper, scaled and gutted, Escovitch Sauce, recipe follows, 1 Spanish onion, halved and thinly sliced, 12 Scotch bonnet pepper, finely chopped, 1 12 cups white wine vinegar, 3 allspice berries], title: Grilled Jerk Rubbed Whole Fish with Hot Vinegar Escovitch Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23308: {instructions: The night before, take a cup of sourdough starter out of the refrigerator or root cellar, and add flour, whole wheat flour, wheat germ, sugar, and water. Mix well, cover, and place in a warm place overnight. In the morning, remove a cup of the sponge and put it back in a jar in the refrigerator. If you forget this step you wont have any more starter for another day.nTo the remainder, add eggs, oil, and milk. In a small bowl, mix together with a little water, salt, sugar, and baking soda. Stir into the batter and mix just until the ingredients are blended well. Let this sit for 10 minutes. Preheat griddle, grease with butter, and pour or ladle batter onto the griddle. Turn pancakes over as soon as the bubbles begin to pop. Flip over for just a few seconds, and remove pancake from grill to a heated plate. Continue until all the batter is used, then sit down and enjoy a real Taste of Alaska Serve with real maple syrup, birch syrup, or butter and sugar., ingredients: [1 cup sourdough starter, 1 12 cups unbleached white flour, 12 cup whole wheat flour, 14 cup wheat germ, optional, 1 tablespoon sugar, optional, 2 cups water, 2 beaten eggs, 2 tablespoons oil, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, maple syrup, birch syrup, butter, sugar], title: Trapper Johns Sourdough Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 23309: {instructions: 1. Place bacon in large skillet heat 1 minute over mediumhigh heat. Add onion cook 1 minute more. Add drained tomatoes, beans and beer stir until combined.n2. Bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat to low cook 10 minutes or to desired thickness, stirring occasionally. Sprinkle with cheese just before serving., ingredients: [2 slices fully cooked bacon, chopped, 3 tablespoons frozen chopped onion, 1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Mexican Diced Tomatoes with Lime Juice  Cilantro, drained, 1 can 16 oz each Rosaritau00ae Traditional Refried Beans, 12 cup Mexican beer, 14 cup crumbled queso fresco cheese], title: Drunken Refried Beans, picturelink: A9JrJmCnML6UDucKOD75jBd5ouggMUq}, 23310: {instructions: In a saucepot over medium heat, cook the apples in apple juice. When the apples are soft, drain the apples, but reserve the juice. Add the apples to a blender with Dijon mustard. Blend on high, adding the reserved juice, a little at a time, until smooth.nPour the couscous into a large bowl. Add 1 12 cups boiling water to the couscous, cover, and let stand 10 minutes. Then, stir in the parsley, tarragon, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. Add the eggs and flour, and mix until thick and sticky. Form the mixture into 4 evenly portioned patties. In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat 4 tablespoons olive oil. Cook the cakes in the hot oil until golden brown, flipping halfway through, and drain on paper towels to remove the excess oil. Keep the couscous cakes warm.nIn a large, deep saucepan, combine 1 quart olive oil with a good pinch of salt, and white pepper and bring to a simmer. Season the salmon fillets with salt, and black pepper and add them to the oil in the pot, making sure they are completely submerged. Add more olive oil, if needed. Simmer over low heat and remove the salmon after 15 minutes. Cooks Note: The salmon will be cooked medium at this point. If you want it well done, keep on cooking it for 5 more minutes.nTo serve, place a bit of spinach or arugula on each plate, top with a couscous cake and the salmon. Top the salmon with a spoonful of apple puree. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 red apples, peeled, cored, and quartered, 2 cups apple juice, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 1 12 cups couscous, 1 12 cups boiling water, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 eggs, lightly whisked, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus 1 quart olive oil, for poaching, 2 teaspoons cracked white pepper, 4 salmon fillets about 4 ounces each, 1 bunch baby spinach or baby arugula, washed, for serving], title: Olive OilPoached Salmon with Dijon Apple Puree and Couscous Cake, picturelink: Fm8u.H.ZuCqShOG9e9xc3pdp7pMxN6}, 23311: {instructions: Let the ham sit at room temperature 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Trim off any skin from the ham if needed. Score the ham through the fat in a diagonal crosshatch pattern without cutting into the meat. Place the ham, flatside down, on a rack in a roasting pan. Pour 14 inch of water into the bottom of the pan. Roast ham until it reaches an internal temperature of about 130 degrees F, about 2 12 hours or 15 minutes per pound.nMeanwhile, combine the sugar, paprika, garlic powder and oregano in a small bowl and stir until well mixed. Whisk in the olive oil until the mixture is a smooth paste.nRemove the ham from the oven when it has reached 130 degrees F internally. Increase the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Spoon or brush the mustard all over the ham. Spread the spice paste with a spoon as evenly as possible all over the ham. Add water as needed to the bottom of the pan. Return the ham to the oven and roast until the paste forms a very light brick red crust, turning once halfway through, about 25 minutes more., ingredients: [One 8 to 10pound bonein, smoked, fullycooked ham, butt or shank portion, 13 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup sweet smoked paprika pimenton, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard], title: Sweet and Smokey SpanishStyle Ham, picturelink: BY6QwlSESWdwsBnNmzI2EVZS.pmqdWq}, 23312: {instructions: In a medium saute pan, cook the bell peppers and onions in 2 tablespoons olive oil until soft, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, another 2 minutes. Deglaze the pan with white wine and allow to boil for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the stock, herbs de provence, and beans and simmer for 20 minutes. Pour into shallow bowls and drizzle with the remaining olive oil. Serve with bread slices., ingredients: [12 sweet bell pepper, finely chopped, 12 medium onion, diced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup white wine, 12 cup chicken or vegetable stock, 1 teaspoon herbes de provence, 3 cups cooked cannellini beans, 12 baguette, sliced and toasted, for serving], title: Sauteed Cannellini Beans, picturelink: null}, 23313: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and butter a 3quart baking dish. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring, until browned, about 6 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a plate.nMelt the remaining 6 tablespoons butter in the skillet, then add the onion, celery, sundried tomatoes, sage, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the broth and bring to a boil, then remove from the heat.nWhisk the eggs and parsley in a large bowl. Add the focaccia, ciabatta, pancetta, vegetablebroth mixture and fontina stir until combined. Transfer to the prepared baking dish. Drizzle with the turkey drippings or dot with butter sprinkle with the parmesan.nCover the dish with foil and bake 30 minutes, then uncover and bake until golden, about 30 more minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 8 ounces pancetta, diced, 1 onion, finely chopped, 5 stalks celery, finely chopped, 12 cup chopped sundried tomatoes not oilpacked, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups lowsodium chicken or turkey broth, 2 large eggs, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 6 cups 12 inch stale rosemary focaccia cubes about 10 ounces, 6 cups 12 inch stale ciabatta bread cubes about 10 ounces, 8 ounces fontina cheese, diced, 2 tablespoons fat from the turkey drippings or butter, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce], title: Rosemary Focaccia Stuffing with Pancetta, picturelink: CJ4iC6F08i9zpbLSjoVvT3htLR62Ife}, 23314: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the pork shoulder on a parchmentlined baking sheet or plate and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper.nPreheat a medium Dutch oven with a tightfitting lid over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil and swirl to coat. Add the pork shoulder and brown on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the pot and add the remaining tablespoon olive oil. Add the onions, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook until softened, 3 minutes. Add the dried oregano, garlic, chiles de arbol and bay leaf and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the pork shoulder back to the pot fatside up, then add the chicken stock, lime juice and orange juice, adding more stock or water if necessary to reach halfway up the meat. Bring to a simmer and cover the pot. Transfer to the oven and braise, basting with liquid every hour, until the pork shoulder is very tender and falling apart, 4 to 6 hours.nRemove the pork from the braising liquid and shred into large bitesized pieces. Skim the fat from the braising liquid, then cook to reduce over mediumhigh heat to about 1 12 cups. Taste for seasoning and adjust with salt and pepper. Return the pork to the liquid, toss to combine, and keep warm.nCombine the mayonnaise and honey mustard in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Split the rolls, then spread each with a scant 3 tablespoons of the mayonnaise mixture. Divide the Swiss cheese among the top and bottom rolls. Top the bottom rolls with the pickled red onions, pulled pork and ham. Close the sandwiches.nHeat a castiron skillet over low heat. In batches, transfer the rolls to the skillet and place another skillet on top. Cook until the bottom portions of cheese are melted, then flip the sandwiches and continue to cook until heated through and the cheese has melted. Serve., ingredients: [4 pounds boneless pork shoulder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more as necessary, 2 small yellow onions, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 dried chiles de arbol, crumbled, 1 bay leaf, 3 cups lowsodium chicken stock or water, plus more if necessary, 1 12 cups freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 12 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup honey mustard, 8 sandwich rolls, such as Portuguese rolls, 1 pound Swiss cheese, thinly sliced, Pickled red onions, for serving, 16 thin slices Black Forest ham], title: Cubano Sandwiches with MojoBraised Pork Shoulder, picturelink: 3wJzYwKq7mEkKvw22mdMkKIcJ3pvbIi}, 23315: {instructions: On a slice of angel food cake layer yogurt and fruits and candies from above., ingredients: [Angel food cake, Yogurt, Fruits, Candies], title: Cake Pizza, picturelink: null}, 23316: {instructions: For the meat: Rub the flank steak with oregano, cumin, salt and cracked pepper. Place the steak, beef stock, water, garlic, onion, bay leaves and peppercorns in a large pot, bring to a boil. Simmer for 1 12 hours until meat is fork tender and comes easily apart with a fork. If you need to add some more liquid during the cooking process, go ahead. Add more beef broth or water would be fine. Remove the pot off the burner and allow to cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes.nWhen its cooled to room temperature, cover with lid and place into the refrigerator. Cool in the refrigerator for 1 to 3 hours. After its cold, trim off any remaining fat, cut into 4 pieces across the grain and then shred using 2 forks.nPlace it back into the liquid until ready to serve. Before adding to the salad, drain off liquid and discard.nFor the vinaigrette: Whisk all the ingredients together, adding in the olive oil in a steady stream until incorporated.nFor the salad and assembly: Toss the lettuce and vegetables with the vinaigrette, and top with meat. Add freshly made corn tortilla chips around side of bowl., ingredients: [1 1 12 to 2pound flank steak, 3 tablespoons dried Mexican oregano, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Coarse sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 24 ounces beef stock, 2 cups water, 4 cloves smashed garlic, 1 sweet onion, quartered, 3 bay leaves, 12 whole peppercorns, 5 tablespoons white vinegar, 5 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon pickled jalapeno juice, 3 tablespoons dried Mexican oregano, 1 12 teaspoons fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 hearts romaine, shredded, 4 large tomatoes, cut in wedges, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 2 bunches radishes, cleaned, well chilled, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves coarsely chopped, 4 avocados, halved, pitted and sliced, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Queen Korinas Salad, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 23317: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nDivide ramen noodles evenly in center of each of the 4 pieces of aluminum foil. Stack the following ingredients on top of noodles, in this order: mushrooms, shrimp, onions, scallions, red pepper flakes, and salt. Pull sides and corners of pouch up to form a small basket shape leaving an opening at the top to pour in liquid.nIn small bowl, combine vegetable broth, mirin, soy sauce, and sesame oil. Distribute liquid evenly among packs. Press foil together, leaving a small opening to allow steam to escape. Place on cookie sheet and bake in oven for 15 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 packages Ramen noodles, 12 cup dried mushrooms, chopped, 20 large raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 12 cup sliced scallions, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 quart vegetable broth, 12 cup mirin, 14 cup soy sauce, 4 teaspoons sesame oil, Special equipment: 4 18inch squares aluminum foil], title: Ramen Shrimp Pouch, picturelink: JUi2Bm91fH.lGZ9yh9E0IXp5TcT0FFq}, 23318: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: 50 Soups, picturelink: null}, 23319: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 2 9inch round cake pans. Line bottoms with buttered parchment paper and dust with flour.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer cream the butter and sugar for 3 to 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time, scraping down the bowl as needed. Add the lemon juice and zest and mix well.nIn another large bowl, sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Alternately beat in the dry ingredients and the milk to the batter in 3 parts, with dry ingredients at the beginning and the end. Mix until just combined.nPour the batter equally into the 2 pans. Bake for 45 to 55 minutes, until the tops are browned and a toothpick comes out clean. Cool on a baking rack for 30 minutes, then turn the cakes out onto a rack to cool completely.nButtercream: Bring a few inches of water to a boil in a saucepan that can hold an electric mixer bowl above the water. Whisk the sugar, the yolks, lemon juice, cream of tartar, and salt in the bowl by hand. Set the bowl above the boiling water and continue whisking until the mixture is hot to the touch and the sugar dissolves, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the bowl to a standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat the yolks at mediumhigh speed until light in texture and cool, about 10 minutes. Beat in the butter, a little at a time, until the icing is smooth and spreadable.nTo assemble: place 1 layer on a cake plate, browned side down, and spread with approximately 14 of the frosting. Top with the second layer, browned side up, and frost the top and sides. Decorate with raspberries.nClick here to view Food Network Kitchens healthier version of this recipe., ingredients: [3 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 5 extralarge eggs, room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting the pans, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk, 1 14 cups sugar, 5 large egg yolks, 3 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch fine salt, 1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into small pieces, 1 12 pint raspberries], title: Lemon Cake with Lemon Meringue Buttercream, picturelink: n6NQceNGhmG8juD3p1UTAvPYuITUgee}, 23320: {instructions: For the gravy: In a medium pot over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Add the thyme and chopped garlic and saute for about 2 minutes. Stir in the flour, garlic powder and onion powder and cook the roux for about 2 minutes.nWhisk in the beef broth and then add the ketchup and Worcestershire sauce. Bring the gravy to a boil and then quickly reduce the heat so it simmers. Cook the gravy for 20 minutes, stirring regularly to avoid the gravy burning on the bottom of the pan. Season the gravy with salt and pepper.nFor the French fries: In a large pot, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Fry the french fries until they float and are golden brown. Remove the fries from the oil and drain. Season with salt and pepper and then toss the fries with the cheese.nDivide the fries between 6 bowls, drizzle with the gravy and garnish with scallions., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 14 cup flour, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 4 cups beef broth, 34 cup ketchup, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 gallon canola oil, 2 pounds french fries, Salt and pepper, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 12 cup chopped scallions], title: Tinas Fries, picturelink: null}, 23321: {instructions: In a large straightsided saute pan over mediumhigh heat, melt butter and add onions. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Saute until nicely browned then add the wine and vinegar. Bring to a boil, cover, reduce heat and simmer until onions are completely cooked through and tender, about 15 minutes. Remove lid, turn heat up and let the liquid reduce and thicken until it forms a glaze and coats the onions well., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds cipollini onions, peeled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup red wine, 14 cup balsamic vinegar], title: Cipollini Onions Braised in Red Wine, picturelink: Ngi6axyyzoXbnNCX9BHMiLHWn8gt7Ve}, 23322: {instructions: Sift the Spiced Hot Cocoa mix into a large bowl. For each serving, stir 14 cup mix into 1 cup hot milk. Store the remaining mix in the jar.nSpiced Hot Cocoa Ingredient List:, ingredients: [], title: Spiced Hot Cocoa, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 23323: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add garlic cloves, lemon halves, and chile. Add in shrimp and simmer until pink, about 5 minutes. Remove and rinse under cold water.nIn a large bowl, toss shrimp, scallions, red onion, capers, celery, and tomatoes together.nIn a small bowl, whisk together oregano, olive oil, salt, pepper, lemon juice, and vinegar. Pour over the salad and toss once more to incorporate. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, 1 lemon, halved, 1 teaspoon crushed chile flakes, 2 pounds shrimp 2125 count, peeled and deveined, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 1 ounce capers, 1 celery rib, chopped, 30 cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 1 ounce olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar], title: Shrimp Salad: Garidosalata, picturelink: null}, 23324: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nBegin by breaking off the tough ends of the asparagus and discard. Peel the stalks, and lay them on a baking sheet. Drizzle with some olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast in the oven until tender, approximately 10 minutes. Cool and cut in half.nTo prepare the bread, cut thick slices, and grill or toast in an oven. Once the bread is toasted, rub each slice with the garlic while the bread is still hot.nUsing a peeler, shave thin slices of cheese off the wedge, making enough to cover the slices of bread.nTo assemble the bruschetta, place asparagus on slices of bread, drizzle with truffle oil, balsamic vinegar, and top with shaved cheese. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound medium asparagus, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 large loaf rustic Tuscan bread, 1 halved garlic clove, 4 ounces shaved Parmiggiano Reggiano, 1 tablespoons white truffle oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Roasted Asparagus Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 23325: {instructions: In a small saucepan, cook the rice with the water, covered, for 20 minutes. Stir occasionally. When rice is cooked add remaining ingredients. Let cool slightly and shape into desired shapes.nIn a hot, nonstick skillet, spray with cooking spray and brown rice cakes on both sides until golden brown. Place on sheet pan and keep in a hot oven. Serve as needed., ingredients: [12 cup shortgrain rice, 1 cup water, 2 teaspoons rice wine vinegar, 1 ounce thinly sliced scallion, 1 tablespoon chopped pickled ginger, Cooking spray, as needed], title: Asian Rice Cakes, picturelink: null}, 23326: {instructions: Put the ice, frozen pineapple, juice, coconut cream, and the white and dark rums into a blender. Blend until smooth and frosty. Pour the drink into 2 glasses and garnish the rim with pineapple slices., ingredients: [1 12 cup ice, 12 cup diced pineapple, frozen, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 2 ounces Coco Lopez coconut cream, 1 12 ounces white rum, 1 ounce dark rum, Pineapple slices], title: Pina Colada, picturelink: lbXfjdYKKM6nVCUh7pQ6x0KkZaqyZiC}, 23327: {instructions: Combine the oil, salt, pepper, dry thyme and garlic in a small bowl. Using this dry rub to season the beef, brush or rub the steaks with this seasoning mix and let marinate at room temperature for 20 minutes.nOver a hot barbecue grill, or under an oven broiler that has been preheated for at least 20 minutes, cook the steaks on both sides to the desired doneness. Generally, a steak of this size, cooked over a barbecue grill, will be mediumrare within about 8 to 10 minutes 4 minutes on each side with a blackened exterior and a warm pink interior. Check for doneness by pressing gently with a cautious finger., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, Coarse salt taste, 4 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons dry thyme, 4 tablespoons chopped garlic, 4 10 to 12ounce rib steaks on the bone], title: Charred Garlic Rubbed Rib Steak, picturelink: null}, 23328: {instructions: For brining the pork chops: Combine the salt, sugar, peppercorns, bay leaves, garlic, lemon peels and parsley with 3 quarts water in a large pot or bowl and whisk together. Add the pork chops, cover and refrigerate for at least 24 hours, turning once halfway through. This may seem like a long time, but these are seriously big pork chops. Brining will make your pork so tender and flavor it throughout.nFor the smashed potatoes: Place the potatoes in large pot and cover with salted cold water. The potatoes will soak up that salt like pasta and it will make a big difference in flavor. Cover and bring to a boil and cook until forktender, 20 to 30 minutes. Drain the potatoes, and return them to the same pot, allowing them to dry. Melt the butter with the halfandhalf in a small saucepot over low heat. Add to the potatoes along with the cream cheese and season with salt and pepper. Smash with a potato masher and set aside, keeping warm until ready to serve.nFor the mushroom escabeche: Heat the canola oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the mushrooms and saute until lightly browned in spots, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, remove from the heat and reserve. Heat the olive oil in a small saucepot over medium heat and saute the garlic and shallots until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the vinegar, sugar, chili flakes and lemon zest and juice. Bring to a simmer and then turn off the heat. Return the reserved mushrooms to the pot, toss to combine and absorb all of that flavor. Garnish with parsley.nFor preparing the pork chops: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a grill pan over high heat. Remove the chops from the brine and dry completely with paper towels. Drizzle with canola oil and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Place the chops on the grill and sear until browned, 5 to 6 minutes on each side. Transfer to a sheet tray and finish cooking in the oven until an internal temperature reaches 135 to 140 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a plate and tent with foil. Let rest 5 to 10 minutes.nServe the pork chops over the smashed potatoes and top with the mushrooms., ingredients: [34 cup kosher salt, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons peppercorns, 2 dried bay leaves, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, Lemon peels from 1 lemon, peeled with vegetable peeler, 1 bunch fresh parsley stems, 4 bonein 2inchthick double pork chops, 1 12 pounds small Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup cream cheese, softened, Freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 34 pound hon shimeji mushrooms, cleaned and cut away from the root, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large shallot, minced, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: PickleBrined Pork Chops with Mushroom Escabeche and Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: S2tk1tOwVT8HFEnkszIE56LBY0ulFca}, 23329: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a sheet of nonstick silicone or parchment paper on a sheet pan.nPlace 12 ounces of the white chocolate in a heatproof glass bowl and put it in the microwave on high for 30 seconds. Time it with your watch for accuracy. Stir the chocolate with a rubber spatula, return it to the microwave for another 30 seconds, then stir again. Continue to heat and stir in 30second intervals until the chocolate is just melted. Immediately stir in the remaining 4 ounces of chocolate and allow it to sit at room temperature, stirring often, until its completely smooth. If you need to heat it a little more, place it in the microwave for another 15 seconds.nUsing a tablespoon, pour the melted chocolate in rounds onto the silicone and place lollipop sticks in the middle of each chocolate round, giving the stick a little twist. Sprinkle the tops of the lollipops evenly with the cherries and cashews. Set aside to harden., ingredients: [16 ounces very good white chocolate, finely chopped, 12 cup dried cherries, 12 cup salted roasted cashews], title: White Chocolate Lollipops, picturelink: vWpcSLVgDO42ffBJuHawo6Z8HVtWK6}, 23330: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Dice 3 ounces of the pepperoni. Thinly slice the remaining 1 ounce and set it aside to garnish the dip.nHeat a medium castiron or ovenproof skillet over medium heat until hot. Add the diced pepperoni and cook, stirring, until crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the onions, bell pepper, minced garlic, oregano, 34 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Continue to cook, stirring, until the onions are very tender and lightly browned, about 5 minutes.nStir in the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until it coats the vegetables and smells lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Stir in the tomatoes with their juice from the can. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is slightly thickened, about 15 minutes. Stir in the olives and Parmesan and remove from the heat. Season with additional salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, toss the baguette slices with the oil and spread in a single layer on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake until lightly toasted and crisp, 7 to 9 minutes. Rub the slices with the whole garlic clove and set aside to cool.nPreheat the broiler. Scatter the mozzarella and reserved sliced pepperoni over the dip in the skillet. Place the skillet under the broiler and broil until the cheese is melted and lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve the dip warm with the garlic toasts on the side., ingredients: [4 ounces pepperoni, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 12 cup finely chopped green bell pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced plus 1 whole clove, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 13 cup pitted black olives, chopped, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 baguette, ends trimmed, sliced diagonally into twentyfour 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 ounces mozzarella, diced], title: Supreme Pizza Dip, picturelink: A3x8ncHgtDbpOJGe3Mxe7T8cpEXrC}, 23331: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill to medium.nIn a bowl combine beef, garlic, hot sauce, salt and pepper, to taste, being careful not to over mix. Warm a skillet over medium heat and fry bacon until crispy. Remove to a paper towellined plate to drain. Keep heat on skillet and fry a pinch of the beef in the bacon fat to test seasoning. Adjust seasoning, if needed, then form 8 even thin patties, about 12inch thick and set aside. Saute onions in bacon fat in skillet until tender, 5 minutes. Place onions and bacon in a bowl with cheese. Form a spoonful of baconcheese mixture into a ball, then place in the center of 4 patties. Top each with another patty and seal the edges. Grill burgers over mediumhigh heat, flipping once until desired doneness is reached, approximately 4 minutes each side for medium. Serve in buns with garnishes. Alternative: In a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, sear the burgers 4 minutes on each side., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 strips bacon, diced 12 onion, chopped 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, 4 burger buns, Lettuce, tomato, pickles for garnish], title: Bacon, Onion and Cheese Stuffed Burger, picturelink: YrVOyLLK2L16JbOxNZWHk3lDqUvbuc2}, 23332: {instructions: Using a meat tenderizer or a heavy skillet, pound the chicken breasts between 2 sheets of plastic wrap until flat, about 14inch in thickness. Place the milk, flour, eggs, and bread crumbs in separate shallow baking dishes. Season the eggs with a pinch of salt. Dip each breast in the following order: milk, flour shake off excess, eggs, and bread crumbs press down firmly while coating with bread crumbs. In a large skillet, melt the butter with the olive oil over mediumhigh heat until sizzling. Arrange the chicken breasts in the pan without crowding, cooking in batches if necessary. Reduce the heat, and cook the chicken until golden brown and the juices run clear when pierced with a sharp fork, about 3 to 5 minutes per side. Remove to a baking sheet lined with paper towels pat to remove excess oil. Place 12 cup of the warm tomato sauce in the bottom of a 9 by 13 by 2inch baking dish. Add 3 of the cooked breasts to the baking dish cover with 12 cup tomato sauce and half the sliced mozzarella. Repeat with the remaining chicken breasts and sauce, and top with mozzarella. Transfer to broiler, and broil until the cheese is melted and golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove from broiler, and serve immediately.nPuree the tomatoes in a food mill, removing most of the seeds. In a medium stockpot, heat the olive oil over medium heat, add garlic, and saute until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Add red pepper flakes. While the oil is sizzling, slowly add half of the pureed tomatoes and the wine, stirring to mix. Add remaining tomatoes, reduce heat to low, and let simmer. Add the oregano, and continue to simmer until slightly thickened, 1 12 to 2 hours, stirring occasionally. Add the basil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. The sauce may be kept in a covered container in the refrigerator for up to 3 or 4 days, or in the freezer for 1 month. Yield: about 9 cups, ingredients: [3 large whole boneless skinless chicken breasts about 3 pounds total, split and trimmed, 2 cups milk, 4 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, 6 large eggs, beaten, 6 cups unseasoned dry bread crumbs, Pinch coarse salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups Traditional Italian Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, warmed, 12 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 4 28ounce cans whole Italian plum tomatoes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 cup Chianti or dry red wine, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 8 leaves fresh basil, Coarse salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Chicken Cutlet Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 23333: {instructions: Crust:nInto a bowl sift together the allpurpose flour, cake flour, sugar, and salt. Blend the butter and shortening into the dry ingredients with your fingertips or 2 knives until the mixture resembles meal. Mix in the almonds. In a small bowl beat together the egg, the heavy cream, almond extract, and vanilla. Add just enough of the egg mixture to the dry ingredients to form a dough, toss it with a fork until it is incorporated, and form the dough into a ball. Wrap the dough in waxed paper and chill it for at least 1 hour. Cut off slightly more than 12 of the ball of dough and on a lightly floured surface, roll it into a round about 12 inches in diameter. Lift the dough over the rolling pin and transfer it to a 9inch pie plate, draping the excess dough loosely over the sides. Let the dough set for 10 minutes. Press the dough firmly into the plate and trim the excess, leaving a 1inch overhang. Brush the shell with the egg mixture and reserve what remains. Chill the shell and the remaining dough overnight.nFilling:nIn a large bowl combine the cherries with the sugar, cornstarch, lemon rind, almond extract, and salt. Let stand for 30 minutes. Drain the mixture into a bowl, measure the juices, and add water if needed to measure 14 cup. Toss the filling lightly and pour into the shell. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the remaining dough into a rectangle 10 inches long and 18 inch thick. With the pastry wheel or a large sharp knife cut out 10 10inch strips about 13 inch wide. Moisten the rim of the shell with water and press firmly on the strips in a lattice pattern. Crimp the overhanging dough into a decorative rim. Brush the strips with the reserved egg mixture. Bake the pie in the lower third of the oven for 20 minutes. Reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and bake the pie for 30 minutes more, or until lightly browned. Transfer the pie to a rack and let it cool slightly., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup cake flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 14 cup cold vegetable shortening, cut into bits, 12 cup finely ground blanched almonds, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg white beaten with 2 teaspoons sugar until frothy, 1 quart fresh sour red cherries, pitted if fresh cherries are not available, use 2 2pound, cans sour red pitted cherries with 14 cup of the juice, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon grated lemon rind, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Cherry Lattice Pie, picturelink: null}, 23334: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour enough olive oil into a large frying pan to reach a depth of 2 inches. Heat the oil over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 325 degrees F.nWhile the oil is heating, put the buttermilk and the bread crumbs in separate shallow bowls. Working in batches, dip ravioli in buttermilk to coat completely. Allow the excess buttermilk to drip back into the bowl. Dredge ravioli in the bread crumbs. Place the ravioli on a baking sheet, and continue with the remaining ravioli.nWhen the oil is hot, fry the ravioli in batches, turning occasionally, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the fried ravioli to paper towels to drain.nSprinkle the fried ravioli with Parmesan and serve with a bowl of warmed marinara sauce for dipping., ingredients: [Olive oil, for frying, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 cups Italianstyle bread crumbs, 1 box storebought cheese ravioli about 24 ravioli, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 jar store bought marinara sauce, heated, for dipping], title: Fried Ravioli, picturelink: xJIUa95pMiEAnvxoTLEbsueRqIXiay6}, 23335: {instructions: Cook the noodles according to package directions in a large pot of salted boiling water.nMeanwhile, blend the herbs with the butter and salt and pepper, to taste in a large bowl. Drain the cooked noodles and immediately add them to the bowl with the herbs and butter. Toss and serve., ingredients: [12 ounces egg noodles, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Herb Buttered Noodles, picturelink: SCKSDeXmw3w12iNdKFMei4WYfiiInda}, 23336: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a wok. Add the garlic and stirfry until golden brown. Add the meat and shrimp and keep stirring until the shrimp changes color. Remove the shrimp to prevent overcooking and set aside.nAdd the noodles. They will stick together so stir fast and try to separate them. Add a little water, stirring a few times. Then add the Pad Thai Sauce, and keep stirring until everything is thoroughly mixed. The noodles should appear soft and moist. Return the cooked shrimp to the wok.nPush the contents of the wok up around the sides to make room to fry the eggs. If the pan is very dry, add 1 more tablespoon of oil. Add the eggs and spread the noodles over the eggs to cover. When the eggs are cooked, stir the noodles until everything is well mixedthis should result in cooked bits of eggs, both whites and yolk, throughout the noodle mixture.nAdd chiles, peanuts, garlic chives and bean sprouts. Mix well. Remove to a platter. Serve with raw bean spouts and a few drops of lime juice.nMix all ingredients in a saucepan for about 60 minutes until it is well mixed and syrupy. Stir occasionally to prevent burning., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus extra as needed, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon dried shrimp, optional, 12 cup sliced pork, 12 cup whole shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 tablespoon shredded preserved radish, 14 pound mediumsize dried rice noodles soaked 60 minutes in cold water and drained, Water, 5 tablespoons Pad Thai Sauce, recipe follows, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon ground hot chiles, or more to taste, 2 tablespoons ground roasted peanuts, 12 cup sliced garlic chives or green onion, 2 cups bean sprouts, rinsed, plus more for garnish, 1 wedge lime, 1 cup tamarind juicesee Cooks Note, 1 cup palm sugar plus 3 tablespoons, 1 cup water, 12 cup fish sauce, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Kuay Tiaw Pad Thai, picturelink: 5d0YwhnQBtvuBvYRp3GJbNOmiL7tW}, 23337: {instructions: Remove the bones from the chicken thighs. For the marinade: Place the yogurt and the and the next ten ingredients in the bowl of a food processor. Process for about 1 minute or until you have a smooth puree. Place the chicken thighs in a large bowl, cover with the marinade, and marinate, refrigerated, for 24 hours. When ready to cook, remove the chicken from the marinade and pat completely dry with towels. Begin grilling the chicken. Place the pieces over a mediumhigh charcoal fire and cook for about 5 minutes per side. They are done when theyre just past a rosy tinge at the center. Keep warm.nFor the sauce: Puree 1 medium large onion along with a little water in a food processor. Melt 2 tablespoons. butter in a saucepan. Over medium heat, add onion puree and cook for 45 minutes.nAdd 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon coriander, 12 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon Indian chili powder, and 1 cinnamon stick. Blend. Add 1 tablespoon tomato paste and 1 cup chicken broth. Simmer for 1 12 hours. Add 1 tablespoon tandoori marinade and cook gently for 5 minutes. When ready to serve, strain over chicken tandoori., ingredients: [8 mediumsized chicken thighs, 1 cup plain yogurt, 5 medium garlic cloves, peeled, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh ginger root, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon Indian chili powder, 14 teaspoon ground cardamon, 14 teaspoon ground fenugreek, 1 mediumlarge onion, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon coriander, 12 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon Indian chili powder, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 cup chicken broth], title: Chicken Tandoori, picturelink: null}, 23338: {instructions: RollsnHeat oven to 375 degrees F. Grease 13 x 9inch pan. In small bowl, mix filling ingredients. If using crescent rolls: Unroll 1 can of the dough into 1 large rectangle press into 13 x 7inch rectangle, firmly pressing perforations to seal. Spread filling over rectangle. If using dough sheets: Unroll 1 can of the dough press into 13x7inch rectangle. Spread filling over rectangle. If using crescent rolls: Unroll second can of dough press into 13 x 7inch rectangle, firmly pressing perforations to seal. If using dough sheets: Unroll second can of dough press into 13 x 7inch rectangle. Place over filling press dough onto filling. Cut stacked dough into 8 13inch strips. Twist each strip 5 or 6 times, pressing extra filling into rolls. Shape each into a coil place in pan. Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown. Immediately remove from pan place on cooling rack. In small bowl, stir glaze ingredients, adding enough milk for desired drizzling consistency drizzle over warm rolls. Serve warm. High Altitude 35006500 ft: No change., ingredients: [2 cans 8 oz each Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 2 cans 8 oz each Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu00bf refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon butter or margarine, softened, 2 to 3 tablespoons milk, 23 cup finely chopped pecans, 13 cup packed brown sugar, 13 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup butter or margarine, softened], title: Simply Super Crescent Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 23339: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375u00b0F.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the scallion whites and cook, stirring, until just tender, about 30 seconds. Add the beans, taco seasoning, and 1 cup water. Cook, smashing the beans, until half are mashed and the mixture is thick, about 5 minutes.nDivide the beans among the tortillas, spreading them in a line down the center of each. Sprinkle the bean mixture with half of the cheese. Roll up each tortilla and arrange snugly in a 3quart shallow baking dish, seam side down. Pour the taco sauce on top and sprinkle with the remaining cheese.nCover with foil and bake until hot and bubbly, about 20 minutes.nTop with the avocado, peppers, and scallion greens and serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, greens and whites separated, 2 15ounce cans ORTEGAu00ae Black Beans, rinsed and drained, 1 1.25ounce packet ORTEGAu00ae Taco Seasoning Mix, 8 8inch ORTEGAu00ae Flour or Whole Wheat Tortillas, 2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend, 1 8ounce bottle ORTEGAu00ae Thick and Smooth Green Taco Sauce, 12 avocado, pitted, peeled, and thinly sliced, 3 mini sweet peppers, thinly sliced], title: Easy Green Enchiladas, picturelink: sUUynbHM4mxqfciJrJymruksD6hhk2e}, 23340: {instructions: When Talk Show Host Sally Jessy Raphael wanted to learn how to make risotto, she went to the right place. For her risotto recipe, B. likes to use a short grain rice called Aborio. It is primarily grown in Italy and is readily available and when cooked slowly, adding small amounts of liquid has a wonderful texture. Rice is a great source of complex carbohydrates. It is also low in sodium and fat. Rice is classified by its size  Long grain, Medium grain and Short grain. Long grain rice is about 4 or 5 times its width. It comes in both white and brown varieties. Basmati is a type of long grain rice from India. Long grain rice cooks up light and separates easily. Medium grain rice is shorter and moister than long grain rice, but not as starchy as short grain. It cooks up fluffy  but when it cools down can become clumpy. Short grain rice is a fatter, almost round grain. Its higher in starch and cooks up moister, stickier and creamier than long or medium grain rice. Mochi is Japanese short grain rice., ingredients: [], title: Sally Jesse Raphael Makes Risotto, picturelink: null}, 23341: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour a 9 by 2inch round cake pan.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix the bananas, granulated sugar, and brown sugar on low speed until combined. With the mixer still on low, add the oil, eggs, sour cream, vanilla, and orange zest. Mix until smooth.nIn a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt. With the mixer on low, add the dry ingredients and mix just until combined. Stir in the chopped walnuts, if using. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake for 45 to 50 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool in the pan for 15 minutes, turn out onto a cooling rack, and cool completely.nSpread the frosting thickly on the top of the cake and decorate with walnut halves, if using.nMix the cream cheese, butter, and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on low speed until just combined. Dont whip Add the sugar and mix until smooth., ingredients: [3 very ripe bananas, mashed, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Grated zest of 1 orange, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup coarsely chopped walnuts optional, Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, Walnut halves, for decorating optional, 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 12 cups sifted confectioners sugar 12 pound], title: OldFashioned Banana Cake, picturelink: b1dhku6mRAMNSAhGw.anCHUedHKwFm}, 23342: {instructions: Cook rice in chicken stock, covered over a low flame until done, about 20 minutes.nProcess veggies in food processor until the bits are about the same size as the rice. Do in batches. Mix with 2 eggs. Fold into rice mixture. Add ground meat and form into balls. If balls arent holding together well, add the third egg and mix again. Put balls on skewers and grill until cooked through, or press into patties to cook on a stovetop., ingredients: [2 cups longgrain rice, 4 cups chicken broth or water, 1 cup cooked veggies carrots, peas, green beans, zucchini, etc., 2 pounds ground chicken or beef, 2 to 3 eggs], title: Barky Burgers FOR K9s, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 23343: {instructions: Place coffee into a 12 cup coffee press. Add water. Allow to brew 4 minutes, plunge, then pour into an icefilled pitcher. To prevent breakage, pour slowly and use a heatresistant pitcher. Serve over ice, adding cream and sugar to taste., ingredients: [1 23 cups 16 standard scoops coarsely ground coffee, 12 cups water, simmering], title: DoubleStrength Coffee, picturelink: null}, 23344: {instructions: Mix Dijon, wine, oil, garlic, and soy. Marinate the lamb filets for 1 hour.nCoat a large saute pan on high heat with oil. Season the lamb filets with pepper salt is optional since it has been in the soy marinade and pan sear both sides until brown, about 6 minutes total.nLet rest for 3 to 5 minutes.nOn a large plate, place a small mound of ratatouille in the middle. Surround with 3 filets of lamb, topped with GarlicMint Tapenade. Garnish with basil leaves and drizzle with a little extravirgin olive oil.nWine: Big, Bordeaux blend, 2nd growthnIn a large saute pan or wok, coat lightly with olive oil and saute the onions, garlic, and fermented beans for 1 minute. Add the eggplant and saute 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and zucchini and season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat and simmer until soft, about 15 to 20 minutes. Add basil and lemon juice just before serving.nIn a mortar and pestle, mash the garlic and olives. Add the mint, oil, and salt., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup naturally brewed soy sauce, 3 racks of lamb, off the bone, each loin cut into 4 petit filets, Freshly cracked black pepper, Asian Ratatouille, recipe follows, GarlicMint Tapenade, recipe follows, 5 Thai basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, for garnish, Extravirgin olive oil, for garnish, Olive oil, to cook, 1 medium onion, medium dice, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 tablespoon rinsed and minced fermented black beans, 2 Japanese eggplants, medium dice or 1 medium regular eggplant, 1 large tomato, medium dice, 1 medium zucchini, medium dice, 10 Thai basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and black pepper, 5 cloves garlic, peeled, 10 Nicoise black olives, pitted, 10 mint leaves, minced it will turn brown, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Pinch salt], title: Seared Dijon Lamb Loin with Asian Ratatouille GarlicMint Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 23345: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut off the top 12inch from the core side of the tomatoes. Using a spoon, scoop out the seeds and flesh surrounding them, leaving the exterior intact in a bowl shape.nIn a small bowl, mix together the olive oil, vinegar, anchovies and garlic. Doing this will help disperse the anchovies evenly with the rest of the mixture.nIn a separate bowl, combine the tuna, cucumbers, parsley, olives, tomatoes, capers, onions and shallots. Season with salt and pepper and dress in the anchovy mixture. Add more olive oil as needed to moisten the mixture, but it should not be wet.nDivide the filling among the tomatoes and top with some Toasted Garlic and Herb Breadcrumbs and shaved ricotta salata.nCut the crusts from the bread and tear it into small pieces. Place in a food processor and pulse until a coarsecrumb consistency is reached. In a large skillet, heat the butter and olive oil together over mediumhigh heat. Add the breadcrumbs and toss to coat and continue to cook, stirring constantly. When the breadcrumbs begin to brown, stir in the parsley and garlic, and toast until golden brown, an additional minute. Remove from the pan and cool., ingredients: [6 medium tomatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon finely minced anchovies, 1 clove garlic, minced, One 8ounce jar Italian tuna packed in oil, drained and flaked, 12 cup 12inch diced English cucumber, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 14 cup kalamata olives, halved, 14 cup seeded 12inch diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons capers, finely minced, 2 tablespoons 14inch diced red onion, 12 teaspoon shallots, finely minced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Toasted Garlic and Herb Breadcrumbs, recipe follows, Ricotta salata, for garnish, 12 loaf dayold countrystyle bread, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced], title: Tuna Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 23346: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the 2 tablespoons of oil in a wide pot over mediumhigh heat. Once hot add the chorizo, ground beef onion, and garlic. Using a spatula, break up the meat as small as you can as it browns. Saute until dark brown, about 10 minutes.nAdd the red wine and simmer until the wine is reduced by half, about 1 minute.nStir in the tomatoes, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, panko, heavy cream, and salt. Cover the pot, reduce the heat to very low, and cook for 15 minutes.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the lasagna noodles and cook according to the package instructions. Drain and set aside.nPut 1 lasagna noodle on each of 4 plates. Spoon the meat mixture over the pasta and spread it out evenly. Sprinkle on about 18 of the parsley and grated manchego. Lay another lasagna noodle on top. Sprinkle with more parsley and manchego over the second noodle and dust with remaining 1 tablespoon smoked paprika. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound Mexican chorizo sausage, removed from casing, 1 pound ground beef, 1 onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup red wine, 1 28ounce can crushed Italian tomatoes, 3 tablespoons smoked paprika, divided, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon salt, 8 lasagna noodles, 1 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 cup grated manchego cheese], title: Smoked Paprika Open Face Lasagna, picturelink: 3GJokOtzWzXvjcD5AAtPFjcjSXCzYW}, 23347: {instructions: To make cheeseburgers: In a bowl, mix ground beef, salt and pepper. Shape 14ounce at a time into 1 12inch patties. Broil or grill 30 seconds per side.nTo assemble: At serving time, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice buns in half. Layer ketchup, tomato and lettuce on each bottom half. Place burgers on baking sheet top each with a slice of cheese. Bake until cheese melts, 2 to 3 minutes. Place in buns and serve.nTo make the basic bread dough: In a small bowl, mix yeast, 12 teaspoon of sugar and 12 cup warm water. Let sit until foamy, about 5 minutes. In bowl of electric mixer fitted with a paddle, beat remaining 1 14 cups warm water, egg, powdered milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, salt and 1 cup flour. Beat until smooth and creamy, about 7 minutes. Add yeast mixture beat on medium. On mediumlow, beat in 3 12 cups flour, 12 cup at a time, until dough comes together it will be sticky, about 2 minutes. Switch to dough hook. Gradually add butter beat until dough is soft and sticks to fingers slightly, about 7 minutes. If dough is too wet, add 14 cup flour. On lightly floured surface, knead dough several turns into a ball. Cover dough with plastic. Let stand in warm place until it doubles in size, about 1 hour.nPreheat convection oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat parchment lined baking sheet with cooking spray. Roll dough into 34 inch balls place 1 12 inches apart on baking sheet. Cover with plastic wrap lightly coated with cooking spray. Let stand on a warm place until doubled in bulk, about 20 minutes. Brush egg wash over dough sprinkle with poppy seeds. Bake until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes, rotating pan half way through. Cool buns on rack., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, Basic bread dough, recipe follows, Ketchup, 14 cherry tomatoes, sliced thinly, 1 head lettuce, torn to fit buns, 1 12ounce package American cheese, sliced and cut in squares to fit on buns, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 2 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 34 cups warm 110 degrees F water, 1 large egg, 23 cup plus 1 tablespoon powdered milk, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 4 12 to 4 34 cups bread flour, 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature and cut into small pieces, 1 large egg yolk beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, 14 cup poppy seeds, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Mini Cheeseburgers, picturelink: null}, 23348: {instructions: Seed and slice the hot and sweet fresh peppers and reserve.nCover potatoes with water and bring to a boil. Add salt to boiling water. Cook potatoes until tender, 1012 minutes. Chop and brown bacon in a small skillet and add a tablespoon of chipotle powder and onions. Cook 5 minutes over medium heat until onions are tender. When potatoes are tender, drain and return to hot pot. Add bacon mixture and sour cream to the potatoes. Smash potatoes and season with salt, to taste.nWhile potatoes are working, combine dry spice rub: chili powder, remaining chipotle powder, cumin and grill seasoning. Rub steaks liberally on both sides with the mixture. Heat a 12 to14inch skillet screaming hot. Add 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan. It will smoke. Add steaks and do not turn for 6 minutes. Flip and cook another 6 minutes for medium rare, up to 10 minutes for well done. Remove skillet from flame and add bourbon. Return steaks to stove and flame the pan. When the fire goes out, transfer the meat to a large serving platter and pour pan juices over the top. Let meat rest for juices to redistribute. Return pan to heat and add remaining tablespoon vegetable oil to the skillet. Add hot and sweet peppers to the pan and saute them for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pile peppers alongside steaks.nRemove meat from the T bones and cut into 4 portions. Top with some peppers and pile some chipotle smashers along side. Spoon drippings and juices over meat and serve., ingredients: [3 whole jalapenos, 3 bell peppers, choose 3 different colors, 2 12 pounds small potatoes, such as baby Yukon gold or small red skin potatoes, coarsely chopped, Salt, 4 slices bacon, chopped, 2 tablespoons chipotle powder, divided, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon dark chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 2 large TBone steaks 1 12 inches thick, 2 12 pounds total, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 turns of the pan, divided, 14 cup bourbon, eyeball it], title: Fiery Hot Texas TBones with Chipotle Smashed Potatoes and Hot and Sweet Pepper Saute, picturelink: null}, 23349: {instructions: To make the chocolate cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Choose between a 10 by 3inch round or a rectangular shaped baking pan and spray it with baking grease or butter and then line the bottom with parchment paper.nCombine the oil and the sugar in mixer until well blended. Add the eggs and the vanilla extract and continue to mix until well blended. Add the milk and the coffee.nSift all of the dry ingredients and then add them to the wet ingredients in three batches allowing each batch to be thoroughly absorbed.nPour the batter in prepared pans and bake for approximately 25 minutes or until a skewer is clean when removed. Allow to cool before unmolding. Once chocolate cake has cooled, unmold, and refrigerate overnight to allow it to cool thoroughly.nTo make the ice cream cake: Cut the chocolate cake horizontally to make 2 layers out of the 1 layer and slide 1 of the layers onto a plate or cake board attempting not to break the layers.nLine the same pan used to bake the chocolate cake in plastic wrap the plastic will help you remove the ice cream cake from the pan once it is set, so make sure to use a large enough piece and slide 1 of the half layers of chocolate cake into the pan. Make sure that it rests firmly in the bottom of the pan and if the plastic wrap has slipped in, adjust so that it spills over the sides of the pan.nEmpty a pint of chocolate ice cream, or your favorite brand, into a mixer and soften until it is easily spread, do not let it become runny. Pour the ice cream into mold over chocolate layer and spread evenly with a spatula or the back of a spoon. Return to freezer until set, approximately 2 hours.nSoften 2 cups of creamy peanut butter in the microwave without letting it get runny, approximately 2 minutes. Then pour the peanut butter over the chocolate ice cream. Using a spatula or the back of a spoon, spread the peanut butter evenly over the chocolate ice cream. Place the second half of the chocolate cake layer over the peanut butter and pat down firmly. Return to freezer until set, approximately 2 hours.nEmpty a pint of vanilla ice cream or your favorite brand, into a mixer and soften it until it can be easily spread. Pour into mold over chocolate layer and spread evenly with a spatula or the back of a spoon. Return to freezer and allow to set overnight.nTo unmold, simply invert over cake board or plate, place a warm towel over the pan for a couple of minutes. The cake should slide out without any problems, grab a hold of the ends of the plastic wrap, and give it a tug if it is stubborn. Invert back so that vanilla ice cream is on top. Decorate with melted chocolate or whipped cream.nIf you chose a rectangular shaped mold, cut lengthwise and stack on top of each other for a dramatic presentation. Drizzle with melted chocolate., ingredients: [1 cup oil, 2 cups sugar, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup of milk, 1 cup coffee, brewed strongly, 1 cup Dutch cocoa powder, 2 cups all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, Pinch salt, 1 pint chocolate ice cream, 2 cups creamy peanut butter, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, Chocolate cake], title: Ice Box Cafe Peanut Butter Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 23350: {instructions: Prepare chickpeas: Soak chickpeas in enough water to cover by 2 inches, for 8 to 12 hours, refrigerated.nDrain chickpeas and rinse well. Transfer to a large saucepan and add 8 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until tender, 1 14 to 1 12 hours. Cool chickpeas and drain, reserving cooking liquid. You should have about 2 12 cups liquid if not, add more water.nCoarsely puree tomatoes in a food processor.nCook onion and celery in butter in a 4quart heavy pot over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened. Add turmeric, pepper, and cinnamon and cook, stirring, 3 minutes.nStir in tomato puree, 13 cup cilantro, chickpeas with reserved liquid, vegetable broth, and lentils. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until lentils are tender, about 35 minutes.nStir in pasta and cook, stirring, until tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in parsley, remaining 13 cup cilantro, and salt to taste. Divide among bowls and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups dried chickpeas, 8 cups water, 1 35ounce can whole tomatoes, drained, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 small celery rib including leaves, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 23 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 4 cups vegetable broth preferably organic or chicken broth, 1 cup lentils, 2 ounces dried capellini, broken into 1inch pieces, or fine egg noodles about 34 cup, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt, Accompaniment: lemon wedges], title: Chickpea Soup: Harira, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 23351: {instructions: Combine tomatoes, salt, onion, garlic, jalapeno, olive oil with the juice of one lime. Toss together and chill. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [4 tomatoes, diced, Salt, 1 small red onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 fresh jalapeno, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 lime , juiced], title: Quick Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 23352: {instructions: Place the frozen mangos, yogurt, water, honey and cardamom into a blender, and puree until smooth.nServe the lassi in tall glasses., ingredients: [4 cups frozen chopped mango, 2 cups plain yogurt, 1 cup water, 14 cup honey, 2 teaspoons ground cardamom], title: Mango Lassi, picturelink: null}, 23353: {instructions: Peel and seed tomatoes, then chop coarsely. Put chopped tomatoes in a large sealable freezer bag, squeeze out excess air, and freeze tomatoes in a single layer until solid.nMix equal parts salt and celery salt in a saucer. Put cold water in another saucer. Dip rims of large cocktail or highball glasses in water, then in salt mixture to coat.nRemove frozen tomato cubes from freezer and let thaw for 1 or 2 minutes so you can break them into manageable size chunks. Put tomato chunks in a blender with red bell pepper, 1 cup tomato juice, and the juice from half the lemon. Season with Worcestershire, horseradish, and hot sauce, to taste. Whirl just until slushy. Taste, and add more lemon juice or tomato juice. as necessary. Pour into prepared glasses, add vodka, if desired, and garnish with celery sticks, green onions, and tomato skewers., ingredients: [6 ripe medium red tomatoes about 114 pounds total, Salt, Celery salt, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 to 1 12 cups tomato juice or vegetabletomato juice, 1 lemon, halved, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, Hot pepper sauce, Garnish: celery sticks, trimmed green onions, and skewered cherry tomatoes, Vodka, optional], title: Bloody Mary Slushies, picturelink: null}, 23354: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, toss together the carrots, vinegar, olive oil, salt, and pepper.nLay out the 4 slices of prosciutto. Top each with 14 of the carrot mixture. Place a basil leaf on top of each and roll the prosciutto up and around the basil and carrots. Secure the bundles with toothpicks and serve., ingredients: [2 carrots, shredded, about 12 cup, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices prosciutto, 4 whole fresh basil leaves], title: Prosciutto and Carrot Bundles, picturelink: 7Zz9GSVE4o16ip.oq9H35ujSsJZg3lW}, 23355: {instructions: Score cucumbers with a fork and cut into slices. Place them in a deep jar with the garlic and chill overnight. Combine the vinegar, water, sugar, and salt in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat immediately and chill it over an ice bath. Pour the dressing over the cucumbers and season with pepper and parsley. Chill covered overnight. Serve in a decorative bowl garnish with red onion rings., ingredients: [3 cucumbers, 1 garlic clove, 1 cup white wine vinegar, 1 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, Fresh ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 12 small red onion, sliced into rings], title: Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 23356: {instructions: Grate 14 teaspoon zest from the grapefruit and set aside. Trim the ends from the grapefruit, then cut away the peel and white pith. Working over a bowl, cut along both sides of each membrane with a paring knife to remove the segments. Discard any seeds. Cut the grapefruit segments into pieces. Squeeze the juice from the membranes into the bowl.nMake the dressing: Whisk the sour cream, 2 tablespoons of the grapefruit juice, the grapefruit zest, scallions, 2 tablespoons water and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a bowl.nToss the watercress, endive, lettuce, celery and onion in a large bowl. Add the dressing and toss to coat. Divide the salad among shallow bowls. Top with the reserved grapefruit segments and the smoked trout.nPer serving: Calories 225 Fat 9 g Saturated 5 g Cholesterol 101 mg Sodium 309 mg Carbohydrate 16 g Fiber 4 g Protein 20 gn, ingredients: [1 large pink or red grapefruit, 12 cup sour cream, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch watercress, trimmed, 2 heads endive, thinly sliced crosswise, 1 head Bibb lettuce, torn into bitesize pieces, 4 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 12 pound smoked trout, skin discarded and fish flaked], title: Smoked Trout and Grapefruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 23357: {instructions: Pour the oil in a large bowl and add the peppers, tomatoes, onion, squash, zucchini, and basil in a bowl and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let vegetables stand for 10 minutes before placing them into a BBQ wok basket.nHeat the grill to medium. Place vegetables in the wok basket on the grill and cook, stirring occasionally. Remove the vegetables from the grill and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 green bell pepper, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, sliced, 1 yellow bell pepper, sliced, 10 small tomatoes, sliced, 1 red onion, sliced, 1 crookneck squash, sliced, 1 zucchini, sliced, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, Salt, Black pepper], title: BBQ Vegetable Medley, picturelink: DctVMG5U.mDmGRdb8iwbjb7cLyiP13O}, 23358: {instructions: Heat a small, dry skillet over medium heat and add pine nuts. Cook, shaking pan constantly, until nuts are fragrant and lightly browned  about five minutes. Set aside. Wash Swiss chard in several changes of cold water and drain. Trim and discard ends of chard leaves and slice chard into oneinch ribbons.nPour a cup of water into a large, heavybottomed skillet, add chard leaves and cover. Turn heat to high and bring to a boil. Lift lid and use tongs to turn and wilt chard. Replace lid and continue to boil for four minutes, turning chard again with tongs after two minutes.nDrain chard in a colander placed in sink, rinsing with cold tap water to stop it from cooking further. Use a rubber spatula to press out as much moisture as possible and reserve. In a heavy skillet, heat olive oil on mediumlow. Add garlic and raisins and cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is soft but not brown. Add chard, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring until heated through. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 Tbs. pine nuts, 2 large bunches Swiss chard, 3 Tbs. olive oil, 2 large cloves garlic, sliced and then cut into slivers, 2 Tbs. raisins, kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grandmas Greens CatalanStyle with Toasted Pine Nuts And Raisins, picturelink: null}, 23359: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan combine rice, butter and water and salt. Bring to boil and cook covered for 10 minutes, or until water is just absorbed. Add halfandhalf and cinnamon stick to above. Bring to boil, stirring continuously. Let simmer, covered, for about 45 minutes. The halfandhalf should be almost absorbed. The results should be creamy and tender, not mushy. Add the extra butter, and some cream for extra richness. Before serving, hide the almond in the porridge. Serve the porridge hot, with warm cream, cinnamon, and sugar. Whoever gets the almond will be married within the yearnThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes, ingredients: [1 cup regular long grain rice, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 cups halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon salt, Cinnamon stick, 1 whole almond, Warm cream, Cinnamon, Sugar], title: Julgrot, picturelink: null}, 23360: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Pulse the bread, garlic and parsley in a food processor to form moist, green crumbs.nCook the bucatini in the boiling water as the label directs. Reserve 14 cup cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a wide pot over medium heat. Add the prosciutto and shallots and cook until the shallots are tender and beginning to brown, about 6 minutes. Add half of the breadcrumbs and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add the wine and the reserved cooking water and cook, uncovered, until the liquid is almost completely reduced, about 2 minutes. Season with pepper.nAdd the mussels to the pot, cover and cook, shaking the pot occasionally, until the mussels open, about 6 minutes discard any that do not open. Add the pasta and heat through, tossing to coat. Divide among bowls and top with the remaining breadcrumbs., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 2inch piece baguette, diced about 34 cup, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, 12 ounces bucatini or spaghetti, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 ounces prosciutto preferably 1 thick slice, cut into 1inch matchsticks, 3 shallots, thinly sliced, 12 cup dry white wine, Freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds mussels, scrubbed well and beards removed], title: Bucatini With Mussels, picturelink: lG9LEktczjXF6Bofu0a1Dj3BNt0XMKm}, 23361: {instructions: Stack the roast beef, turkey, pastrami and corned beef on 1 slice of bread. Top with lettuce, tomato and the other slice of bread. Use a skewer to hold the sandwich together.nSlice the sandwich in half and serve with Russian dressing on the side, if desired.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [13 to 12 pound delisliced roast beef, 12 to 12 pound delisliced roast turkey, 12 to 34 pound delisliced pastrami, 12 to 34 pound delisliced corned beef, 2 slices crusty rye bread, 1 or 2 romaine lettuce leaves, 2 or 3 slices tomato, Russian dressing, for serving optional], title: Marathon Sandwich, picturelink: 4DZJSecijhDJ6mcvPGMvPOktl1MW6}, 23362: {instructions: Special equipment: a candy thermometernFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch rectangular baking pan with foil and spray with cooking spray.nPlace the vanilla wafers and pecans into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until the mixture becomes crumbs. Add the butter and vanilla and pulse again until combined. Pour into the prepared pan and press the crumbs into the bottom of the pan. If they come up the sides, thats okaynFor the filling: Beat the cream cheese, granulated sugar and vanilla in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating after each addition. Add the sour cream and mix again.nPour the mixture into the crust, smooth the top and bake for 50 minutes. Turn off the oven and open the door, leaving the cheesecake to sit in the oven with the door open for 15 minutes. Remove and set aside to cool for an hour.nFor the caramel topping: Add the brown sugar and butter to a pan, set over medium heat and cook, stirring, until the butter is melted and the sugar is dissolved. Add the condensed milk, corn syrup and vanilla and bring to a boil, stirring continuously.nPlace a candy thermometer in the caramel mixture and continue to boil until the caramel reaches 225 degrees F. Turn off the heat and let the caramel cool for about 5 minutes before pouring over the cheesecake.nAllow to set for 2 hours, then cut into squares with a sharp knife. Arrange on a plate and garnish each square with a pinch of sea salt., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for spraying the foil, One 11ounce box vanilla wafers, 12 cup pecans, 8 tablespoons 1 stick salted butter, melted, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, Three 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 6 tablespoons salted butter, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 2 tablespoons dark corn syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Flaky sea salt, for garnish], title: Salted Caramel Cheesecake Squares, picturelink: pbP4ga3HZ3W4tbBOgK.bKdphsB0si}, 23363: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the milk, coffee, peanut butter, coconut oil, honey, vanilla and bananas to a blender and puree until smooth. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 14 cup chilled very strong coffee, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, 1 tablespoon coconut oil, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 frozen peeled ripe bananas, cut into 1inch chunks], title: Complete Breakfast Smoothie, picturelink: FnI7GVJAi6LTQoz64C71xf8AqW2HdC}, 23364: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the egg salad: Place the eggs in a medium saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil and turn off the heat. Cover and leave the eggs in the hot water for 10 minutes. Remove the eggs from the water and place in an ice bath for 5 minutes, then peel the shells.nDice the eggs and combine with the mayonnaise, shallots, dill and pickles in a bowl. Season the egg salad with salt and pepper. Set aside.nCut the pitas in half and line each interior with a romaine leaf. Divide the egg salad among the pita halves. Be gentle with the pitas as they break easily.nFor the lunch box: Lay out four lunch containers. Divide the yogurt into 4 portions and sprinkle each with chia seeds on top. Place a yogurt portion, 1 pita half and 4 strawberries into each lunchbox., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 14 cup canola mayonnaise or light mayonnaise, 14 cup minced shallots, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 small pickle, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 whole wheat pitas, 4 leaves romaine lettuce, washed and dried, 2 cups plain 2percent Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon chia seeds or sunflower seeds, 16 medium strawberries], title: Protein Lunch Box, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 23365: {instructions: Make the Remoulade: Remove the shell from the egg, and chop it or run it through the large holes of a box grater. Whip the creme fraiche to medium peaks and add the egg, chives, capers, and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the Oysters: Mix the water into the tempura flour and refrigerate. Shuck the oysters and set aside. Reserve half of the shells for presentation and scrub them clean. On a clean work surface, lay out the shredded phyllo.nHeat the vegetable oil in a mediumsized pot to 350 degrees F. To check without a thermometer, drop a small amount of the tempura batter into the oilit should sizzle quickly rise to the surface. Adjust the burner to keep the temperature constant.nWorking with 1 oyster at a time, dredge in flour, dip in the tempura mix, and then roll around in the shredded phyllo to completely cover. Fry the oysters, turning them occasionally with a fork, until lightly browned. Using a slotted spoon, transfer them to a paper towellined plate and sprinkle with salt.nOn a tray large enough to accommodate all of the oysters, form a bed of rock salt, peppercorns, and seaweed. Place the cleaned shells on the tray, spoon a dollop of the remoulade into each one, and top with an oyster., ingredients: [1 hardboiled egg, 12 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 teaspoon capers, chopped, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup ice water, 1 cup storebought tempura flour, 6 Malpeque oysters, scrubbed clean, Shredded phyllo dough called Kaitafi, as needed, 3 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Seaweed for garnish, Rock salt, for garnish, Peppercorns, for garnish], title: Phyllo Crisp Oysters with Remoulade, picturelink: aEiudydP9OJcfBFtpSG11iMIUUA1aOe}, 23366: {instructions: Combine the allpurpose and semolina flours, sugar, anise seeds and salt in a food processor. Pulse until the seeds are mostly pulverized, about 3 minutes. Add the butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Add the egg yolk, honey, vanilla, and orange and lemon zests pulse until the dough comes together into a smooth ball. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap. Pat into a disk, wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 4 hours or overnight.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Let the dough soften slightly at room temperature, about 15 minutes. Roll tablespoonfuls of dough into 5inchlong ropes, about 14 inch thick. Pinch the ends of each rope together to form a ring arrange about 1 12 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Return the dough to the refrigerator if it gets too soft. Refrigerate the cookies until firm, about 30 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Bake the cookies, switching the position of the pans halfway through, until golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool on the baking sheet. Beat the egg white with 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl brush onto the cookies. Sprinkle with nonpareils, then return to the oven until set, 2 to 3 more minutes. Transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup semolina flour, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon anise seeds, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces, 1 large egg, separated, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Nonpareils, for decorating], title: Semolina Wreaths, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 23367: {instructions: In a large saute pan over medium heat, heat the olive oil. Add the bay leaves, garlic, shallots, 12 chopped onion, and jalapeno pepper and saute for 2 minutes. Add the boiled zucchini and fresh oregano and then continue to saute for 1 minute. Add the minced tomato, white wine, and water, stir, and remove from the heat.nPoach the mahi mahi fillets in water a large saute pan cook until a knife slides in easily and fish is opaque throughout.nMeanwhile, heat the butter in a small saute pan. Add the white mushrooms, additional minced onion, and salt, to taste. Saute until the mushrooms are cooked through.nDistribute the oregano sauce among 4 serving plates, and then top with the mahi mahi. Top the fish with the mushroom and onion mixture., ingredients: [1ounce water, 4 mahi mahi fillets, Butter, for sauteing, 4 ounces diced white mushrooms, Salt, 2 ounces olive oil, 2 bay leaves, 6 garlic cloves, 4 shallots, chopped, 12 onion, chopped, plus additional minced onion for garnish, 1 whole jalapeno pepper, 1 boiled zucchini, julienned, 1ounce fresh oregano leaves, 1ounce minced roasted tomato, 1ounce white wine], title: Mahi Mahi in Fresh Oregano Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23368: {instructions: Prepare an ice bath: fill a large bowl with 12inch water and ice. Pour maple syrup into a small highsided saucepan, and stir in milk. Set a candy thermometer in the syrup, and place over mediumhigh heat. Cook, without stirring, until the temperature registers 232 degrees F, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat, and pour into a cold, clean saucepan placed in the ice bath. Do not move or disturb the syrup in any way whatsoever while cooling: If the syrup gets jiggled at this point in the process, the cream wont form. Let stand, adding ice as needed until the syrup radiates a gentle warmth to the back of the hand when held about 1inch above it or a candy thermometer registers about 100 degrees. Once the mixture reaches the proper temperature, using a wooden spoon, stir slowly until the mixture turns a lighter color and thickens to the consistency of peanut butter, about 12 minutes. Working quickly, transfer the cream to a jar or plastic container, and store, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 6 months, or store indefinitely in the freezer., ingredients: [2 cups fancy gradeA pure maple syrup, 14 teaspoon milk], title: Maple Cream, picturelink: null}, 23369: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut a 10inch cast iron skillet in the oven and heat it for at least 30 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare the batter.nWhisk together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. In a medium bowl, whisk together the milk, eggs and melted butter.nMake a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour the wet mixture into the well. Use a fork or spatula to stir the batter until evenly combined.nRemove the hot skillet from the oven, add the fat and swirl to coat the bottom. Pour the batter into the skillet and, using a spatula, spread the batter evenly across the pan. Bake until lightly golden brown, firm and springy to the touch, about 25 to 30 minutes see Cooks Note. Remove from the oven and serve directly from the skillet, if desired., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups finely ground yellow cornmeal, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 14 cups milk, 2 large eggs, 6 tablespoons butter, melted and slightly cooled, 2 tablespoons rendered bacon fat, butter, shortening or vegetable oil], title: Ginas Crusty Cornbread, picturelink: 2ZqyguWfnifsXacNYBdun4WVVafDIH6}, 23370: {instructions: For the Ellipsis hollandaise: Whisk egg yolks over double boiler to a ribbon stage then remove from heat. Whisking vigorously, slowly add warm clarified butter. Add lemon juice, salt, and pepper to taste.nFor the Ellipsis gallette: In a 9inch casserole dish, layer potato and onion slices seasoning each with salt and pepper. Pour cream over entire dish and bake at 400 degrees for approximately 30 minutes. Top with Gruyere.nFor the Poached eggs: Bring water to a boil and add vinegar. Reduce heat to medium then drop 1 egg in at a time. Cook until eggs are firm, yet runny on the inside.nCut gallette into serving pieces. Chiffonade enough spinach to form a nest on each gallette, place 2 poached eggs atop spinach and pour the hollandaise on top of the completed dish.nMedium size pot of water., ingredients: [6 egg yolks, 1 pound clarified butter, 14 cup lemon juice, Salt and pepper, 6 large potatoes, thinly sliced, 1 large onion, sliced, 1 cup whipping cream, 1 cup grated Swiss Gruyere cheese, 6 eggs, 3 tablespoons white vinegar], title: Ellipsis Eggs Florentine, picturelink: null}, 23371: {instructions: Chop the chocolate and put in a heatproof bowl. Bring the heavy cream, butter and salt to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat pour over the chocolate and let sit until completely melted, about 10 minutes. Stir with a rubber spatula or whisk until smooth. If necessary, microwave in 20second intervals until the chocolate melts.nWhisk in the vanilla extract, then the espresso. Stir until the ganache is smooth and shiny. Pour into a shallow baking dish and refrigerate until firm, at least 3 hours or overnight.nRoll tablespoonfuls of the ganache into 18 to 24 balls, then roll in crushed toffee bars. Transfer to a parchmentlined baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. To make these in advance, roll into balls but do not coat cover and freeze up to 2 weeks. Let sit at room temperature for 20 minutes before uncovering, then roll in coating.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [12 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Pinch of salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup brewed espresso, Crushed toffee bars, for coating], title: Espresso Chocolate Truffles With Toffee, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 23372: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the almonds and toast swirling the pan until golden. Remove almonds and set aside, reserve skillet.nSeason the chicken all over with salt and pepper. Dredge the chicken in flour and shake off any excess. Heat the oil and butter in the skillet over medium high heat. Cook the chicken on both sides until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a dish and set aside.nAdd the onion, bell pepper, garlic, curry powder, thyme, and cayenne to the pan. Stir to loosen up the brown bits on the bottom of the pan. Cook until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and nestle the chicken pieces in the sauce, bring the sauce up to a simmer and then transfer to the oven and cook until the chicken is cooked through and tender, 20 to 25 minutes.nRemove skillet from the oven and transfer chicken to a serving dish. Spoon any oil off the surface of the sauce and discard. Bring the sauce to a simmer over medium heat, add the currants and simmer to thicken slightly. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon the sauce over the chicken and scatter the toasted almonds on top. Serve with a dollop of cool yogurt and herb sauce.nIn a bowl combine the first 4 ingredients, season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [14 cup sliced toasted almonds, 1 3 12 pound frying chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 medium onion, diced, 1 large yellow bell pepper, diced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, Pinch cayenne, 1 15ounce can chopped tomatoes, 14 cup dried currants, Cool Yogurt and Herb Sauce, recipe follows :, 1 cup whole milk plain yogurt, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 5 scallions, white and green parts finely chopped, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Country Captain Chicken Fricassee, picturelink: null}, 23373: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the melted coconut sorbet and the coconut milk. Using a whisk, slowly incorporate the lime juice, including the pulp. Keep chilled until service.nTo caramelize the plantains, combine the butter and brown sugar in a medium saucepan over high heat. Once the sugar is caramelized, add the plantains, and turn down the heat. Cook slowly until the plantains are tender. Add the shredded coconut and toss.nTo plate, place the plantains in the center of a shallow bowl. Pour the cold coconut soup around the outside., ingredients: [1 pint coconut sorbet, melted, 1 14ounce can coconut milk, 6 limes, juiced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 very ripe plantain, halved and quartered, 2 tablespoons shredded sweetened coconut], title: Coconut Soup with Caramelized Plantains, picturelink: null}, 23374: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the cabbage, scallion, and jalapeno, if using, in a medium bowl.nCut the fish into strips. Combine the fish with the lime zest and juice, pimenton, garlic, oil and salt, to taste, in a medium bowl. This can be done a day ahead, covered and refrigerated.nIn a small bowl, combine the vinegar, honey and oil. Add to the cabbage mixture and toss until well dressed. Season with salt, to taste. If using within a couple of hours let it sit at room temperature, if making this ahead, refrigerate until ready to use.nTo cook and assemble:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap the tortillas in foil.nPut the fish strips on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Put the fish and tortillas in the preheated oven for 8 to 10 minutes.nWhile the fish is in the oven, taste the cabbage for seasoning and adjust, if needed.nRemove the fish and tortillas from the oven. Put some fish in the center of a tortilla, top with a couple of avocado slices and finish with some of the cabbage slaw. Repeat with remaining ingredients and serve., ingredients: [1 pound flaky white fish fillets, such as haddock, halibut or cod, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 12 teaspoon pimenton, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 cup canola or vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 12 head savoy cabbage, shredded, 3 scallions, sliced thinly on the bias, 1 jalapeno, minced, optional, 14 to 12 cup white vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup canola oil, Kosher salt, 8 flour tortillas, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and flesh sliced], title: Fish Tacos, picturelink: gm5NHrDPbnr1nX14gVCuN0Ih0e1dzUy}, 23375: {instructions: Rim the outside of a tall, chilled pint glass with 1 quarter of the lime. Pour salt on a plate. Press the rim of a glass into the salt to rim the edge. Squeeze the rest of the limes into the glass. Drop the limes in the glass. Add the Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce. Fill glass with ice, add beer, and stir., ingredients: [1 lime, cut into quarters, Kosher salt, 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 34 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, 1 cup Mexican pilsnerstyle beer recommended: Modelo Especial, Ice], title: Michelada, picturelink: PjCSgeI9Paqr2cRZuGU1afm70II.7G}, 23376: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a Bunt pan with nonstick spray.nUsing an electric mixer, mix together the butter and 2 cups of sugar in a small bowl. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, then add the sour cream and vanilla and mix until blended. In a separate bowl, mix together the flour, baking powder and salt. Add half of the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and mix until just blended, then and the remaining dry ingredients and mix until well combined.nIn a small bowl, combine the remaining 14 cup sugar, cinnamon, brown sugar and mix until well combined.nPour half of the batter into the Bunt pan. Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar mixture over the batter, then pour the remaining batter over the sugar mixture. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 50 minutes to 1 hour. Let cool until just slightly warm. Remove the cake from the Bunt pan to a serving dish and sprinkle powdered sugar over the top., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 14 cups sugar, divided, 2 eggs, 1 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar], title: Coffee Cake, picturelink: null}, 23377: {instructions: Put everything in a blender and puree until smooth. Divide between 2 vacuumsealed containers., ingredients: [1 very ripe banana fresh or frozen, 1 cup frozen berries, such as strawberries, raspberries, or blackberries about 6 ounces, 12 cup or 1 6ounce container plain, vanilla, or lemon lowfat yogurt, 34 cup orange juice or apple juice, 2 ounces soft tofu, optional, 1 to 2 tablespoons honey, or to taste], title: Berrynana Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 23378: {instructions: For the cupcake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with cupcake liners for a total of 24 cupcakes lightly spray the liners with cooking spray.nIn a medium mixing bowl, sift together the cake flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar. Add the bananas and beat until smooth. Mix the vanilla extract and eggs into the banana mixture, scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat until incorporated, about 1 minute. Add the dry ingredients and buttermilk to the banana mixture in three parts, alternating between the dry and wet ingredients. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat for 30 seconds between each addition.nScoop one scoop of the batter into each cupcake liner. Bake until the cupcakes bounce back from gentle pressure, about 20 minutes. Remove from the pans and cool.nFor the white chocolate ganache: In a microwavesafe bowl, microwave the heavy cream, anise and cardamom in 30second intervals until hot but not boiling. Add the white chocolate and stir gently using a rubber spatula until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth.nTo assemble, dip the cooled cupcakes in the melted white chocolate ganache. For a thicker frosting, cool the ganache and beat with a hand mixer until light and fluffy. Using a pastry bag fitted with an open tip, frost the cupcakes with the beaten ganache., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying liners, 1 23 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch salt, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 3 very ripe medium bananas about 1 cup mashed, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 13 cup buttermilk, 23 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon anise, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped], title: Banana Cupcake with Spiced White Chocolate Glaze, picturelink: null}, 23379: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCover sweet potatoes with cold water in a large pot and boil until fork tender. Peel the potatoes, transfer to a bowl, and mash. Stir in butter, orange juice and pecans, and mix until incorporated.nFor the orange shells, cut each orange in half and scoop out the pulp using a small knife or grapefruit spoon. Reserve the pulp for another use.nFill each orange shell with the potato mixture and top off with the marshmallows. Bake until hot and the marshmallows are melted., ingredients: [6 sweet potatoes, unpeeled, 12 stick butter, softened, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup chopped pecans, 6 large oranges heavy for their size, 48 minimarshmallows], title: Mimis Sweet Potatoes in Orange Cups, picturelink: jmfcpeAEfppogi8FpDSDpYk9jIDBZy}, 23380: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large pot over medium heat until crisp, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to paper towels to drain let cool slightly, then roughly chop. Pour out all but 2 tablespoons of the drippings from the pot.nIncrease the heat under the pot to medium high. Add the onion, apples and potato and cook, stirring frequently, until the apples are soft, about 8 minutes. Add the chicken broth, apple juice, 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Bring to a simmer and cook until the potato is soft, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in all but 2 tablespoons of the cheddar until melted. Working in batches, transfer the soup to a blender and puree. Return to the pot and season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, preheat the broiler. Spread the bread with the mustard and sprinkle with the reserved 2 tablespoons cheese. Broil until the cheese melts, about 30 seconds, then cut into 1inch squares. Ladle the soup into bowls and top with the bacon, chives, cheese croutons and more pepper.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [3 slices bacon, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 medium apples, peeled and chopped, 1 medium potato, peeled and chopped, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 cups unsweetened apple juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups shredded extrasharp cheddar cheese about 8 ounces, 2 slices rye bread, toasted, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, Chopped fresh chives, for topping], title: AppleCheddar Soup With Bacon, picturelink: SecMdZTSAKYfAkdbs1GDQ0X9s9AsJu}, 23381: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan, add the pork and beef with a little olive oil, salt, and pepper, and saute until no longer pink, about 3 to 4 minutes. Set aside to cool.nIn a deep, rectangular lasagna pan, add a thin layer of sauce to the bottom, then layer the lasagna strips evenly across the bottom of the pan to cover the entire surface, about 8 sheets of pasta.nSprinkle 14 of the cooked meat mixture over this, then lay out 8 slices of mortadella on top. Sprinkle 14 of the cubed mozzarella and 14 of the grated cheeses and top with a layer of tomato sauce.nRepeat with another layer of 8 lasagna sheets to cover, then do a layer of prosciutto, mozzarella, another 14 of the grated cheese, 13 of the chopped herbs, another 14 of the cooked meat, and tomato sauce. Finish this layer with 12 of the chopped hardboiled eggs.nRepeat with another layer of lasagna, remaining prosciutto and mortadella, another 14 of the grated cheeses, another 13 of the chopped herbs, remaining chopped eggs, another 14 of the mozzarella, another 14 of the cooked meat, and sauce.nRepeat with the last layer of lasagna, remaining cooked meat, remaining grated cheeses, remaining mozzarella, and a thin layer of tomato sauce. Sprinkle the top layer with the remaining chopped parsley and basil and fresh cracked black pepper.nCover with aluminum foil and bake for about 12 hour, until cheeses melt and ingredients have melded. Try not to let the aluminum foil touch the top layer or the cheese will stick when you uncover.nUncover and let cool and set for about 12 hour before cutting so lasagna can absorb the liquid released by the cheeses., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 1 pound ground beef ground round, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 quarts tomato sauce, 2 boxes 16ounces lasagna noodles, boiled according to package instructions, 12 pound mortadella, thinly sliced, 2 balls 16ounces smoked mozzarella, cubed, 12 pound grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 pound grated Pecorino Romano, 12 pound prosciutto, thinly sliced and trimmed of fat, 4 hard boiled eggs, chopped fine, 1 bunch parsley, leaves chopped, 1 bunch basil, chiffonade, Fresh cracked black pepper], title: Uncle Vincents Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 23382: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange the bacon slices on a sheet pan. Put in the oven and bake until crisp, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the bacon from the pan to a cutting board and chop. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, mix together the beef, Worcestershire, onion soup mix, bread crumbs, black pepper, stock and the chopped bacon.nForm portions of the meat around bocconcini to make smooth balls. Arrange the meatballs on a sheet pan with a rack and bake until thoroughly browned, about 10 to 15 minutes.nAdd the oil to a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot add the onion, garlic, basil, oregano and pepper and saute for a few minutes. Stir in the crushed and diced tomatoes, red pepper flakes and the bouillon. Lower the heat and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove the meatballs from the pan to a serving platter and serve with the marinara sauce., ingredients: [8 to 10 slices applewood smoked bacon, 1 pound ground chuck, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 package onion soup mix, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon coarse black pepper, 1 tablespoon beef stock, 8 to 10 bocconcini mozzarella balls, 14 cup olive oil, 1 yellow onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon coarse ground black pepper, 2 14ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 14ounce cans diced tomatoes in puree, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon chicken bouillon], title: Cheese Stuffed Bacon Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 23383: {instructions: 1. Heat coals or gas grill for direct heat. Spray two 30x18inch pieces of heavyduty aluminum foil with cooking spray. Spread tortilla chips on centers of foil pieces. Mix sausage, chilies and seasoning mix spoon over tortilla chips. Top with tomatoes and onions. Sprinkle with cheese.n2. Wrap foil securely around tortilla chips. Cover and grill foil packets, seam sides up, 4 to 6 inches from medium heat 8 to 10 minutes or until cheese is melted, ingredients: [10 cups tortilla chips, 2 pounds bulk pork sausage, cooked and drained, 2 cans 4.5 ounces each Old El Pasou00ae chopped green chiles, drained, 4 teaspoons Old El Pasou00ae taco seasoning mix from 1ounce package, 4 roma plum tomatoes, chopped 1 13 cups, 4 medium green onions, sliced 14 cup, 4 cups finely shredded ColbyMonterey Jack cheese 1 pound], title: Grilled Taco Nachos, picturelink: null}, 23384: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCut each zucchini into pieces 3 inches long and then into quarters. Set aside.nIn a shallow dish, mix together the bread crumbs, Parmesan, oregano, basil, salt, and black and cayenne peppers until well mixed.nIn the bowl of a mixer, whip egg whites until just frothy and then pour into a separate shallow dish. Coat zucchini sticks with egg white and then roll in bread crumb mixture until completely covered.nPlace a wire rack on top of a baking sheet. Arrange the coated zucchini on the wire rack, about 1inch apart from each other. Spray lightly with cooking spray. Bake for 7 minutes or until crispy. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 large zucchinis about 1 12 pounds, 12 cup Italian seasoned bread crumbs, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 egg whites, 2 sprays olive oil cooking spray], title: Zucchini Sticks, picturelink: null}, 23385: {instructions: Line a 6 to 8ounce ramekin with plastic wrap, then line the plastic wrap with thinly sliced pound cake. Fill the ramekin with ice cream, then cover the top with a slice of pound cake. Put the filled ramekin in the freezer while you make your meringue. Unmold the bomb, and ice with the meringue. Freeze the bomb for at least 1 hour or until you are ready to serve it. Caramelize the bomb with a torch, or flash under a broiler to finish.nHeat the sugar, water, and lemon juice over low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Bring to a boil without stirring to the soft ball stage, 234 degrees F on a candy thermometer.nMeanwhile, stiffly whisk the egg whites and cream of tartar, using an electric mixer. Gradually pour in the hot syrup, with the mixer running. Whip until the mixture cools off a bit and whites hold stiff peaks., ingredients: [1 butter pound cake, store bought, Chocolate and coffee ice cream, or ice cream of your choice, Italian Meringue, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 4 egg whites, Pinch cream of tartar], title: Java Bomb, picturelink: null}, 23386: {instructions: Wrap each 2ounce piece of fish in plastic wrap and pound flat using the bottom of a saute pan. Lay each plate with the carpaccio. Sprinkle with chives, a pinch of salt and black pepper. Drizzle a little soy syrup.nIn a small saute pan, heat the curry oil very hot. Add the ginger to the pan. Immediately spoon on 1 tablespoon per plate of the hot oil. The fish should sizzle where the oil hits. Serve at once.nCombine all ingredients and reduce at a simmer until a syrup consistency is achieved, about a 60 to 70 per cent reduction. Let cool., ingredients: [8 ounces of hamachi yellowtail, pounded out carpaccio style, 14 cup chopped chives, Fleur de sel kosher salt could work, but recommend fleur de sel for both taste and texture, Fresh cracked black pepper, 12 tablespoon ginger julienned super fine, Soy syrup, recipe follows, 14 cup curry oil, recipe follows, 2 cups thin soy sauce, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 lime juiced, 14 cup curry powder, Water to make runny paste, Pinch of salt, 1 cup canola oil, Make paste and slowly add oil. Let stand for 1 hour to settle. Use top, yellow oil for garnish.], title: New Style Hamachi Sashimi with Curry Oil, picturelink: null}, 23387: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix the chopped shrimp, bamboo shoots, salt, chicken bouillon powder, sugar, sesame oil, pepper, and cornstarch into a thick shrimp paste.nForm the shrimp paste into 10 oval shaped balls. Open one end of the ball to stuff in the crab claw. Make sure the shrimp ball only covers the meat part of the claw and a small part of the shell so that the claw shell will stick out of the shrimp ball like a drumstick.nRoll the stuffed shrimp ball in the bread crumbs.nDeep fry in 350 degree oil for 5 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 pound shrimp, shelled, deveined, and chopped, 5 ounces bamboo shoots, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 12 teaspoons sesame oil, 12 teaspoon pepper, 8 teaspoons cornstarch, 10 cocktail crab claws, 34 cup bread crumbs, 6 cups frying oil], title: Stuffed Crab Claws, picturelink: null}, 23388: {instructions: Manufacturing Notes:nPricking: There is a bubble of air in the large end of the egg, which expands when the egg is heated and can crack the shell. To let that air escape, always prick the large end with an egg pricker or a pin, going in a good 14 inch.nHow much water That depends on how many eggs you have. The water should cover the eggs by 1 inch, so use a tall pan, and I would hesitate, under home conditions, to do more than 2 dozen eggs at once.nFor 1 to 4 eggs...2 quarts of water For 12 eggs.......3 12 quarts of water For 24 eggs.......6 quarts of waternSpecial Equipment Suggested: An egg pricker or drafting pin a high rather than wide saucepan with cover a bowl of sufficient size with ice cubes and water to cover eggs.nThe cooking: Lay the eggs in the pan and add the amount of cold water specified. Set over high heat and bring just to the boil remove from heat, cover the pan, and let sit exactly 17 minutes.nThe 2minute chill: When the time is up, transfer the eggs to the bowl of ice cubes and water. Chill for 2 minutes while bringing the cooking water to the boil again. The 2minute chilling shrinks the body of the egg from the shell.nThe 10second boil: Transfer the eggs 6 at a time only to the boiling water, bring to the boil again, and boil for 10 secondswhich in turn expands the shell from the egg. Return the eggs to the ice water, cracking the shells gently in several places.nPreventing that dark line around the yolk: Chilling the eggs promptly prevents that dark line from forming, and if you have time, leave the egg in the ice water adding more ice if needed for 15 to 20 minutes before peeling. Chilled eggs are easier to peel, too. Or peel them, as described in the next paragraph, and ice them at once.nPeeling: Crack an egg all over by gently tapping it against the sink. Then, starting at the large end, and holding the egg either under a thin stream of cold water or in the bowl of ice water, start peeling. As soon as you have peeled it, return the egg to the ice water so that it will continue to chill.nStoring the HB eggs: They will keep perfectly in the refrigerator, submerged in water in an uncovered container, for 2 to 3 days., ingredients: [], title: To HardBoil and Peel Eggs, picturelink: null}, 23389: {instructions: For the lollipops: Combine the sugar, corn syrup and 14 cup water in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Insert a candy thermometer and stir until sugar dissolves.nAllow to boil, without stirring, until mixture reaches 295 degrees F hardcrack stage. Once the candy reaches 295 degrees F, remove it from the heat. Stir in the lemon extract and food coloring to desired color.nSpoon the candy onto a nonstick silicone sheet, making a quartersize circle. Lay a lollipop stick on the syrup and press into the lollipop. Twirl the stick so it is completely coated in syrup. Continue until you have all the lollipops made.nAllow to cool completely. Set aside while you make the caramel.nFor the caramel: In a heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat, combine the brown sugar, sweetened condensed milk, butter, corn syrup and salt. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Cook the caramel to 234 degrees F. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla and red food coloring. Allow to cool off the heat.nDip the suckers until they are half coated in caramel. Put them back on the silicone baking sheet to set up. If the caramel is too thin, wait a few minutes to let the caramel set and redip the suckers.nStore in a cool, dry container. Do not refrigerate., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 34 teaspoon pure lemon extract, Yellow food coloring, Lollipop sticks, 4 cups light brown sugar, firmly packed, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup butter, 1 cup light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon red food coloring], title: Bloody Suckers, picturelink: L7VUcKBG..qAMk39cuvxEbeDsCXKK}, 23390: {instructions: Toast the rye bread.nMeanwhile, whisk together the sour cream, horseradish, mayonnaise, mustard, 3 tablespoons water, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Add the spinach, coleslaw mix and cheese and toss to combine.nCut the toasted bread, crusts and all, into 12inch pieces Divide dressed greens among 4 salad plates and top each with roast beef, beets and rye croutons.nCopyright 2014 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [2 slices seeded rye bread, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons horseradish, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 5ounce package baby spinach about 4 cups, 3 cups coleslaw mix about 7 ounces, 4 ounces dill Havarti cheese, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 pound thinlysliced rare deli roast beef, 34 cup sliced and drained pickled beets], title: 10Minute BeefandBeet Salad with Horseradish Dressing, picturelink: 4QKc7eHijIvsIKtzprNz1N88sy7w0i6}, 23391: {instructions: Clean the greens and dry them with paper towels andor a salad spinner to remove excess moisture.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLay the pastry on a parchment lined baking sheet, and cut into 6 4inch circles, removing the excess dough. In a small bowl toss the apple slices with cinnamon, nutmeg, brown sugar and juice. Brush the puff pastry with the egg wash and arrange the apple slices daisypetal style on top of each circle. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, remove to a rack and let cool.nPlace the vinegar, onion, chives, and oil in a container and shake to combine. Toss the greens, tomatoes and candied walnuts in the dressing to coat, and season with salt and pepper.nArrange the seasoned greens on top of the puff pastry and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups greens such as romaine, radicchio, green leaf and red leaf lettuce, 1 puff pastry sheet, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and sliced as thin as possible, preferably on a mandoline, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon apple juice or orange juice, 1 egg, beaten, to brush on the puff pastry, 1 cup candied walnuts, 112 cups grape or cherry tomatoes cut in 12, Salt, Pepper, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon diced red onion, 2 teaspoons chopped chives, 34 cup salad oil], title: Apple Tart with Tossed Greens, Candied Walnuts and Sherry Vinaigrette, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 23392: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nClean the chicken thoroughly. Sprinkle salt, pepper, cayenne, lavender, lemon, and garlic on chicken. Bake in preheated oven until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Note: it is a good idea to check chicken temperature with a meat thermometer. It should be at least 165 degrees F.nLet chicken cool, and then pull it into small strips. Add roasted almonds, onions, celery, dressing and herbs. Mix together all ingredients in dressing, add to chicken and mix. Can be served by itself or on a sandwich.nMix all ingredients together., ingredients: [7 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Salt and pepper, 2 pinches cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon lavender, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 23 cup sliced roasted almonds, 1 large onion, chopped, 12 bunch celery, chopped, Dressing, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chives, 2 tablespoons chopped tarragon leaves, 1 cup mayonnaise, 34 cup sour cream, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons honey, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Chicken Salad, picturelink: CDaRVXY7.ZUMYtJTwSaAkmz52.QamBW}, 23393: {instructions: For the lentils: In a large saucepan, combine the lentils, bay leaves, garlic, celery, thyme, carrot, fennel, red onion and a good amount of salt. Add water to the pan until it covers the ingredients by about 2 inches. Bring the water to a boil over medium heat, and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook until the lentils are soft, 20 to 30 minutes. Ladle off 1 cup of the lentilcooking water and reserve. Remove all the vegetables and aromatics from the lentils and discard. Drain the lentils.nFor the warm salad: Heat a large saute pan with enough olive oil to coat the pan. Add the diced carrots, fennel and onions and sweat the vegetables about 5 minutes. Add in the garlic and saute 1 minute more. Add in the lentils, red wine vinegar and mustard. Pour in a couple tablespoons of the reserved cooking liquid and cook down for a couple minutes. Season with salt and garnish with chopped parsley and fennel fronds., ingredients: [1 12 cups black lentils, 2 bay leaves, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 stalk celery, 1 small bundle fresh thyme, 12 carrot, peeled, 12 fennel bulb, 12 red onion, peeled, root end left on, Kosher salt, Olive oil, for sauteing, 12 carrot, finely diced, 12 fennel bulb, finely diced, plus fennel fronds, for garnish, 12 onion, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Warm Lentils with Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: peQbH4MYj3YjtBg.EFMxikGvpEbxQX2}, 23394: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan add the garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, and water to cover. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes drain, discarding the garlic.nMeanwhile, mix the olive oil, rosemary, thyme, lemon zest, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Toss the zucchini in a bowl with 1 tablespoon of the herb oil. Rub the steak with a tablespoon of the remaining herb oil.nGrill the steak, turning once, about 10 minutes for medium rare a thermometer inserted into the center of the steak should register 130 degrees F to 135 degrees F. Transfer to a plate to rest. Meanwhile, grill the zucchini, turning once, until well marked and crisptender, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate and sprinkle with half of the lemon juice.nToss the potatoes with the remaining herb oil and lemon juice, the parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve with the steak and zucchini.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound baby redskinned potatoes, 1 clove garlic, smashed, Kosher salt, 2 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 12 pounds beef tritip, cut lengthwise into 4 steaks, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper, 2 medium zucchini, sliced diagonally 1 inch thick], title: Grilled Steak and Zucchini, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 23395: {instructions: Pierce the potatoes several times so that moisture can escape during baking. Bake the potatoes in a preheated 400 degrees F oven for 1 hour until fork tender. Peel the potatoes while they are still hot and press them through a potato ricer. Put the potatoes in a large bowl with salt, baking powder, and egg white. Add the flour a little at a time and mix with your hands until the mixture forms a rough dough. Do not overwork the dough. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured surface. Gently knead the dough for 1 or 2 minutes until smooth, adding a little bit more flour, if necessary, to keep it from sticking.nBreak off a piece of the dough and roll it back and forth into a rope, about the thickness of your index finger. Cut the rope into 1inch pieces. Gently roll each piece down a wooden gnocchi board while pressing a small dimple with your finger. The gnocchi should be slightly curved and marked with ridges. This will allow the pillows to hold sauce when served.nBoil the gnocchi in batches in plenty of salted water. The gnocchi are done about 2 minutes after they float to the surface, remove with a slotted spoon, and serve. If not cooking immediately, place the gnocchi in a single layer on a baking pan dusted with flour. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for up to 12 hours.nNote: If the gnocchi start to feather and fall apart in boiling water, you need more flour. If the gnocchi dont float after 2 minutes and are hard, you used too much flour., ingredients: [2 pounds about 4 baking potatoes, like russets, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 egg white, 1 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour], title: Perfect Potato Gnocchi, picturelink: null}, 23396: {instructions: Season ahi with Hawaiian salt. Add all ingredients mix well then chill., ingredients: [4 cups ahi, minced, 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 12 cup green onion, minced, 2 teaspoons oyster sauce, 12 cup water chestnuts, minced, 2 teaspoons Hawaiian salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper], title: Ahi Hash, picturelink: null}, 23397: {instructions: In a champagne glass pour chilled champagne. Carefully pour Framboise down the inside of glass. Add 2 or 3 frozen raspberries., ingredients: [Scant 4 ounces Champagne, 12 ounce Framboise, Frozen not in syrup raspberries], title: Raspberry Champagne, picturelink: null}, 23398: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Add the corn and jalapeno to a sheet tray, drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill on all sides until lightly charred, about 6 minutes total. Remove from the grill and cool for a few minutes until you can handle.nUse your knife to remove the corn kernels from the ears of corn. Finely chop the jalapeno. Add both to a bowl, and then stir in the tomatoes, avocado, red onion and lime juice. Taste for seasoning and adjust as necessary with more salt as needed. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [3 ears corn, husks removed, 1 medium jalapeno, split in half and seeded, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 roma tomatoes, diced, 1 ripe avocado, diced, 14 small red onion, diced, Juice of 2 limes, Tortilla chips, for dipping], title: Fire Roasted Corn Salsa, picturelink: ND5U6Ri2GYc2yEFxN.t0x73LWgiEXNa}, 23399: {instructions: Sandwich small slices of cheddar between mini pretzels. Put on a parchmentlined baking sheet and bake 10 minutes at 425 degrees F. Serve with mustard., ingredients: [], title: Pretzel Melts, picturelink: AxIWz.AoSvh02l.cZqnzWFzScEO6lSO}}