{2100: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook 30 seconds, then stir in the Swiss chard stems. Pour in a few tablespoons of water and cover the pan. Cook the stems 2 minutes. Remove the cover, the mix in the Swiss chard leaves. Cover the pan again and cook until the leaves wilt, about 3 minutes. Toss occasionally. Remove the pan from the heat and let cool, uncovered.nTo make the polenta preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Butter a 2 12quart shallow baking dish and set it nearby. Combine the milk, water, and salt in a mediumsize saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and slowly drizzle in the cornmeal, whisking all the while with a wire whisk. Continue to cook and whisk the polenta until it is the consistency of mashed potatoes and tears away from the sides of the pan, about 5 minutes. Whisk in 2 tablespoons of the Parmesan cheese, the 1 tablespoon of butter, and the mozzarella cheese.nSpread half the polenta in the baking dish. Spoon on the Swiss chard and distribute it evenly. Drop on small spoonfuls of the sour cream and spread it with the back of a spoon. Spoon on the remaining polenta and spread it out. Sprinkle on the remaining tablespoon of Parmesan cheese. The casserole may be prepared to this point and refrigerated up to 24 hours in advance. Bring to room temperature before baking.nBake the polenta for 20 to 25 minutes, or until golden on top and sizzling. Do not overcook it because you want to retain its creamy interior., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 8 to 10 cups chopped Swiss chard, stems and leaves kept separate, Butter for greasing dish plus 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups lowfat milk, 1 12 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cornmeal, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup partskim grated mozzarella cheese, 13 cup sour cream], title: Baked Cheese Polenta with Swiss Chard, picturelink: null}, 2101: {instructions: In a small sauce pot, combine jalapeno, mango juice, vinegar, chili flakes, and fish sauce. Let reduce and thicken over medium heat. Remove from heat and whisk in honey. Keep warm.nHeat oil in deepfryer to 375 degrees F. Shake flour, cornstarch, Blackfish Seasoning, garlic powder, cumin, cardamom, ground ginger, and salt together in a plastic bag. Add shrimp to bag in small batches and shake to coat with flour mixture. Deepfry until golden brown.nRemove to paper toweling to drain and coat with glaze. Use cocktail toothpicks to serve., ingredients: [1 jalapeno pepper, stems and seeds removed and minced use gloves when handling these or any hot peppers, 1 cup mango juice, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 14 cup fish sauce, 14 cup honey, 1 liter canola oil, or enough as needed to deepfry, 2 21 to 25 size pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon Irvine Spices Blackfish Seasoning, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 to 2 teaspoons salt], title: Bering Sea Shrimp with Spicy Glaze, picturelink: cUJ3W3fqhYp9.NlgCqPwmNU0M06ermC}, 2102: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace shrimp, andouille sausage, and pepper on skewers. Brush with olive oil and sprinkle with Creole seasoning. Grill for 2 minutes per side.nCombine all vinaigrette ingredients.nPlace shrimp on greens and drizzle with vinaigrette.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 pounds shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 pound andouille sausage, 1 large red pepper, cut into large dice, Skewers, Olive oil, Creole seasoning, Mixed greens, 12 cup cane vinegar, 12 cup cane syrup, 13 cup Creole mustard, 1 teaspoon garlic, 1 cup olive oil], title: Grilled Shrimp and Andouille Salad with Sugarcane Vinaigrette, picturelink: b5KRQ9hxkdje67EqbSvBiBZdXSvbUi}, 2103: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.nBake the bacon on the baking sheet until crisp, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to cool and drain.nCombine the Cheddar, Gouda, cream cheese, mayonnaise, paprika, green onions pimentos, hot sauce and some salt and pepper in a bowl. Blend together with a hand mixer until creamy and well mixed. Chop the bacon and fold into the mixture.nSpread 12 cup pimento cheese between 2 slices of bread and sandwich together. Slice in half. Repeat with remaining pimento cheese and bread., ingredients: [5 slices bacon, 1 cup grated smoked Cheddar one 4ounce block, 1 cup grated smoked Gouda cheese one 4ounce block, 8 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise, 18 teaspoon smoked paprika, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, One 2ounce jar diced pimentos, drained, Glug hot sauce, such as Texas Petes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 pieces sturdy white bread], title: Smoky Pimento Cheese Sandwiches, picturelink: NVmJ.r6UPKgBgSQRvslaiNU5c8IUfm}, 2104: {instructions: Wash the rice thoroughly in several changes of water and put in a deep pot. Add milk and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and cook milk, gently boiling for 1 hour or until the rice is thoroughly cooked and the milk has thickened to a pudding consistency. Add sugar, cardamom and coconut, mix well. Distribute the pudding into 4 serving dishes and garnish with raisins and almonds. Chill for 4 hours before serving., ingredients: [14 cup basmati rice, 6 cups whole milk, 13 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon cardamom, 3 tablespoons coconut flakes, 2 tablespoons raisins, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds], title: Coconut Rice Pudding Kheer, picturelink: null}, 2105: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk the egg yolks in a medium bowl until smooth. Add the sweetened condensed milk, Key lime juice, lime zest, tequila and coconut extract. Stir until smooth, then pour into the premade crust.nBake on the middle rack until the center of the pie is just set, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for 1 hour, then refrigerate for another hour until chilled.nCut into slices and serve, garnished with Whipped Cream.nWhip the heavy cream to just shy of soft peaks. Add the powdered sugar and whip until fully incorporated and the cream is at soft peaks., ingredients: [4 large egg yolks, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup bottled Key lime juice you can use regular lime juice in a pinch, 1 tablespoon grated lime zest, 2 tablespoons blanco tequila, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, One 9inch storebought graham cracker crust, Whipped Cream, for garnish, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 34 cup powdered sugar], title: CoconutTequila Key Lime Pie, picturelink: zxVfYe632pE6CinrHwpYpv.EnE1oce}, 2106: {instructions: Check the fish for any stray bones and cut off any dark flesh that was next to the skin. Cut the fillet into 4 equal square pieces. Season both sides of the fish with salt and pepper. Separate the outer leaves from the head of lettuce, without tearing them. Place a leaf cupped side up and center a piece of fish in the middle of the leaf use two leaves if necessary. Sprinkle the fish with 1 tablespoon of the dill. Top with another 1 or 2 lettuce leaves, this time cupped side down, so that the fish is completely enclosed in lettuce. Wrap the remaining fillets in lettuce, sprinkle each one with dill, and arrange them, without crowding, in a steamer rack or basket. Bring several inches of water to a boil in the bottom of a steamer. Drop in the mint sprigs, put the steamer rack or basket in place, cover and steam fish 8 minutes for each inch of thickness e.g. if fish is 34 inch thick, steam 6 minutes. Turn off the heat, uncover the steamer and let the fish rest for 1 to 2 minutes. To check for doneness, carefully lift the top leave from one of the packets and peek inside the fillet. If it is still translucent in the center, cover and steam for another 1 to 2 minutes.nWhile the fish is steaming, make the sauce. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a small saucepan or skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring, until it is softened but not browned, about 1 minute. Add the lemon zest and juice and bring the mixture to a simmer. Vigorously whisk in the remaining butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, allowing each addition to melt before adding the next. The sauce should be slightly thickened and the butter emulsified. Stir in the dill and season with the salt and pepper to taste.nCarefully transfer the fish packets to warm serving plates. Pour the sauce over and around the fish and garnish with the dill flowers., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 pounds skinless halibut fillet, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 large head Bibb lettuce, 14 cup very coarsely chopped fresh dill, 6 4inch sprigs fresh mint, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small shallot, finely chopped about 3 tablespoons, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh dill, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground white pepper, Dill flowers or small dill sprigs], title: Fish Fillets Steamed in Lettuce Leaves with LemonDill Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2107: {instructions: Preheat a grill on mediumhigh heat. Slice 2 of the limes and 1 of the lemons into rounds. Set aside.nCut the oranges and the remaining 6 limes and 4 lemons in half crosswise. Pour 34 cup of the sugar in a bowl. Dip the cut side of each fruit in the sugar to lightly coat.nGrill the sugared fruit over mediumhigh heat until caramelized with char marks. When cool enough to handle, use a fork or citrus reamer to juice the grilled citrus. There should be about 2 cups of grilled citrus juice.nStir the remaining 12 cup sugar into the juice and add the tequila, stirring to combine. Refrigerate until chilled.nWhen ready to serve, pour the drink mix into a large pitcher of ice. Add the sliced citrus rounds and serve over ice in glasses rimmed with sugar., ingredients: [8 to 10 large limes, 5 large lemons, 4 oranges, 1 14 cups superfine sugar or caster sugar, plus more for rimming glasses, 34 cup tequila, or more if desired], title: Grilled Citrus Margarita, picturelink: null}, 2108: {instructions: Slice jalapenos thinly with a sharp knife red jalapenos are usually to limp for a mandoline and place in a container.nIn a pot, add the ginger, garlic, rice vinegar, mirin, white wine, salt and all seeds to a boil. Turn off and allow to steep for 15 min. Add the simple syrup and check for seasoning. Pour over jalapenos and cover immediately with plastic wrap. Allow to cool down in the refrigerator. Ready to use in 2 to 3 days., ingredients: [2 quarts red jalapenos, 1inch piece ginger root, smashed, 1 clove garlic, 1 quart rice vinegar, 1 cup mirin, 3 cups white wine, 3 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon coriander seed, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 1 star anise, 1 cup simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves cool], title: Pickled Jalepenos, picturelink: null}, 2109: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and crisp, about 3 minutes. Remove to a plate using a slotted spoon. Add the pasta to the skillet and season with 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring constantly, until toasted, about 3 minutes.nAdd the paprika and garlic to the skillet. Cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add 2 cups water, the green beans, olives and chorizo nestle the clams in the skillet. Cover and cook until the pasta is tender and the clams open, 8 to 10 minutes. Discard any unopened clams. Stir in the piquillo pepper and parsley. Serve with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 ounces dried chorizo, thinly sliced, 12 ounces fideo pasta or broken angelhair pasta, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 teaspoons paprika, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 ounces green beans, trimmed and halved, 13 cup pitted green olives, halved, 16 littleneck clams 1 12 to 2 pounds, scrubbed, 1 jarred piquillo pepper, diced about 2 tablespoons, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Pasta Paella with Clams, picturelink: eBtbXXrvJMfgEyZ68mYcOfHhmdPzd2}, 2110: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nButter the inside of an 8cup souffle dish 7 12 inches in diameter and 3 14 inches deep and sprinkle evenly with Parmesan.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. With a wooden spoon, stir in the flour and cook, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes. Off the heat, whisk in the hot milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, the cayenne, and nutmeg. Cook over low heat, whisking constantly, for 1 minute, until smooth and thick.nOff the heat, while still hot, whisk in the egg yolks, one at a time. Stir in the Roquefort and the 14 cup of Parmesan and transfer to a large mixing bowl.nPut the egg whites, cream of tartar, and a pinch of salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Beat on low speed for 1 minute, on medium speed for 1 minute, then finally on high speed until they form firm, glossy peaks.nWhisk 14 of the egg whites into the cheese sauce to lighten and then fold in the rest. Pour into the souffle dish, then smooth the top. Draw a large circle on top with the spatula to help the souffle rise evenly, and place in the middle of the oven. Turn the temperature down to 375 degrees F. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes dont peek until puffed and brown. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra for greasing the dish, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, plus extra for sprinkling, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup scalded milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch nutmeg, 4 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 3 ounces good Roquefort cheese, chopped, 5 extralarge egg whites, at room temperature, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: Blue Cheese Souffle, picturelink: Y31blvxNwmJ12ouSDY9TFB0D7lKUES}, 2111: {instructions: For the dashi: Combine the kombu with 6 cups cold water in a medium pot and slowly bring to a simmer over medium heat, about 10 minutes do not boil or the kombu will turn bitter. Just as the water reaches a simmer, remove and discard the kombu and add the bonito flakes. Heat to just shy of a boil, remove from the heat and set aside to steep for a few minutes. Strain into a bowl and discard the bonito flakes.nFor the ramen broth: Wipe out the pot, add the oil and set over mediumhigh heat. Add the reserved shrimp shells and scallion whites. Cook, stirring, until the shells are brown all over, 4 to 5 minutes the shells should make a crackling sound as they toast and brown. Add the dashi and shiitakes and bring to a simmer. Cook for 30 minutes, then strain the broth, reserving the shiitakes. Return the broth to the pot, stir in the mirin and seafood seasoning and set over low heat until ready to serve. You should have about 3 cups of broth. Stem and slice the shitakes and set aside.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat and cook the ramen noodles according to package instructions. Drain and rinse the noodles with cold water to remove surface starch and stop the cooking. Leave to drain.nCook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 5 minutes, then transfer to a paper towellined plate. Pour half of the bacon fat from the pan into a small container to save for frying the noodles. Raise the heat to mediumhigh, add the shrimp and corn to the remaining bacon fat in the skillet and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Saute until the shrimp are cooked through, about 4 minutes. Remove the shrimp and corn to a plate, then add the reserved bacon fat to the skillet. Let the skillet get good and hot before adding the ramen noodles. Cook, stirring minimally, until the noodles are crispy and charred in places, about 3 minutes.nDivide the noodles among four bowls. Top with shrimp, corn, bacon, sliced shiitakes, scallion greens and shredded nori. Ladle ramen broth into the bowls and serve., ingredients: [Two 6by7inch pieces kombu dried kelp about 34 ounce, rinsed, 1 12 ounces bonito flakes, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 ounces large shrimp 1620, peeled and deveined, sliced in half lengthwise, shells reserved, 4 scallions, greens thinly sliced, whites left whole, 8 dried shiitake mushrooms about 34 ounce, 1 tablespoon mirin, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 15 ounces fresh ramen noodles you could use dry in a pinch, 4 ounces thickcut bacon, cut into 12inch strips, 2 ears corn, kernels removed or 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Shredded nori, for garnish], title: Roasted Shrimp, Corn and Bacon Ramen, picturelink: 2ioo7AdS0bxG7NbWXI4XdhOpccfmduS}, 2112: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Line baking pan with a silpat French nonstick baking mat or parchment paper. Sift flour and baking powder into a medium bowl. Rub butter and sugar into flour to form a fine crumble. Make a well in center and add milk and currants. Knead gently together, being careful not to over mix. Dough will be sticky.nOn a generously floured surface, roll out dough to 34inch thickness. Stamp out 2 12inch rounds with a plain pastry cutter. Transfer to prepared pan and brush tops with egg yolk. Allow to stand for 15 minutes.nBake until risen and lightly golden on top, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove to a rack to cool. Serve warm with clotted cream and strawberry jam., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 tablespoons sugar, Scant 23 cup milk, 12 cup currants, optional, 1 large egg yolk, lightly beaten, for glaze, Clotted cream and strawberry jam, for serving], title: Scones, picturelink: null}, 2113: {instructions: To make the custard, whisk the yolks, eggs, and half of the sugar together in a large bowl. In a medium saucepan, whisk together the remaining sugar, milk, vanilla, salt, and nutmeg, then bring to a boil. While whisking the yolks constantly, gradually pour the milk mixture into the yolk mixture. Set aside. In a bowl, evenly toss the bread and chocolate together and then put into a buttered 8cup gratin dish. Pour the custard over the bread. Stir the bread a little so the custard settles evenly in the pan. Cover tightly with foil and set aside for 10 minutes. Place a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Place the gratin dish in a larger baking dish and place on the rack. Pour enough hot water into the baking dish to reach halfway up the gratin dish. Bake the bread pudding until just set, but still wiggley, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely before serving., ingredients: [4 large egg yolks, 3 large eggs, 23 cup sugar, 4 cups whole milk, 1 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch fine salt, Pinch ground nutmeg, One 1pound storebought loaf cinnamonraisin bread, cut into 1inch pieces and left out overnight to dry out, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, Unsalted butter for preparing the pan], title: Cinnamon Raisin and Chocolate Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 2114: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the eggs in a single layer in a saucepan with enough cold water to cover bring to a boil over high heat. Immediately remove from the heat. Cover and let stand 15 minutes. Drain, and then run under cold running water.nPeel the eggs and halve lengthwise. Remove the yolks and add to a bowl. Add the yogurt, pickles, mayonnaise, mustard, cayenne, paprika spice blend and brine, and mix thoroughly.nSpoon the mixture into the egg white halves. Place the eggs on a plate, garnish with the pickled okra, cover loosely with plastic wrap and chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [12 large eggs, 14 cup plain nonfat Greekstyle yogurt, 14 cup chopped pickles, such as Ricks Picks Low Sodium Classic Sours, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 14 to 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 to 12 teaspoon paprika spice blend, such as Paula Deens, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika brine from pickled okra, optional, such as Ricks Picks Smokra, 3 tablespoons sliced pickled okra, for garnish, such as Ricks Picks Smokra], title: Lighter Southern Deviled Eggs, picturelink: yY36Pw7t5wKutSKN27.LwrbSHldEuq}, 2115: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high. Toss the eggplants, zucchini and tomatoes with 1 tablespoon olive oil season with salt and pepper. Place the vegetables cutside down on the grill along with the sausages. Cook, turning occasionally, until the vegetables are tender and the sausages are cooked through, about 4 minutes for the tomatoes and 10 to 12 minutes for the sausages and remaining vegetables. Transfer to a cutting board and let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta.nCombine the basil, mint, garlic and the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large bowl. Chop the vegetables and sausages and add to the bowl. Add the pasta and 12 cup of the reserved cooking water and toss to combine, adding more cooking water as needed to loosen. Top each serving of pasta with the ricotta. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 Japanese eggplants about 1 pound, halved lengthwise, 1 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise, 4 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 hot or sweet Italian sausage links about 12 ounces, 10 ounces rigatoni pasta, 1 cup fresh basil, roughly chopped, 12 cup fresh mint, roughly chopped, 1 small clove garlic, grated, 12 cup ricotta cheese], title: Rigatoni with Grilled Sausage and Vegetables, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 2116: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the leaves and thick core from the cauliflower, coarsely chop, and reserve. Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan or soup pot over medium heat and add the onion and garlic. Cook until softened, but not browned, about 5 minutes. Add the cauliflower and stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover, and cook until the cauliflower is very soft and falling apart, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and, using a hand held immersion blender, puree the soup, or puree in small batches in a blender and return it to the pot. Add the Parmesan and stir until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Keep warm until ready to serve.nLine a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Spread the shredded cheese over the foil in 1 even thin layer. Bake about 10 minutes until golden brown and crisps. Remove from oven and let cool 5 minutes. Break sheet of crisp cheese into large pieces and garnish each soup bowl with a couple shards and a pinch of fresh chives.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 quart lowsodium chicken stock, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded Parmesan, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Silky Cauliflower Soup with Parmesan Crisps, picturelink: 70CuulGHC7miRIQjheL0qMuwXgz5OP6}, 2117: {instructions: Beat egg yolks until thick. Add 12 cup sugar, salt, and passion fruit juice. Cook over low heat until thick, stirring constantly. Add gelatin which has been dissolved in cold water. Add lemon rind and cool until slightly congealed. Beat egg whites with remaining 12 cup of sugar. Fold slightly beaten egg whites into cooled yolk mixture. Pour into cool pie shell. Chill until nice and stiff. Serve with whipped cream and enjoy., ingredients: [4 eggs, separated, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup passion fruit juice, 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin, 14 cup cold water, 1 teaspoon lemon rind, grated, 1 baked pie shell, 12 cup whipped cream], title: Passion Chiffon Pie, picturelink: null}, 2118: {instructions: Soak eight 8inch skewers in water, at least 15 minutes. Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Prepare the couscous as the label directs.nMeanwhile, toss the bell peppers, sausage, onion and tomatoes in a bowl with 1 tablespoon olive oil season with salt and pepper. Thread onto the skewers, alternating the sausage and vegetables. Grill, turning, until the vegetables are slightly softened and the sausage begins to brown, 6 to 7 minutes.nMeanwhile, puree the parsley, cilantro and scallions in a blender with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the vinegar and 2 tablespoons water. Season with salt and pepper. Brush the skewers with some of the pesto and continue to cook, turning, until the tomatoes are tender and the sausage is charred, 6 to 7 more minutes.nToss the couscous with half of the remaining pesto and season with salt and pepper. Serve with the skewers and the remaining pesto, for dipping.nPhotography by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 cup couscous, 2 bell peppers red and yellow, cut into chunks, 1 12ounce package chicken sausage preferably garlicflavored, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 large red onion, cut into chunks, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup fresh parsley, 14 cup fresh cilantro, 4 scallions, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar], title: SausageandPepper Skewers, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 2119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the potatoes: Start by putting the potatoes in a large pot. Cover with 8 cups cold water and add the salt the water should taste a little salty. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce to a simmer and cook until they feel tender when poked with a fork or knife. Drain and then mash, adding the milk and butter. Transfer to a bowl and let cool for at least an hour.nFor the filling: Meanwhile, add the olive oil to a deep skillet over high heat. Add the onions, garlic, cumin, oregano, paprika, salt, pepper and bay leaf. Turn the heat down to mediumhigh and cook for 5 to 10 minutes. Add the beef and tomato paste, cover and turn the heat down to medium. Cook for about 25 minutes. Remove the lid and stir the consistency should look like thick chili. Transfer to a pan and spread the mixture out so it cools quickly.nTo assemble: Start by portioning the cooled potato mixture, about 8 ounces or enough to look like an orange when rolled into a ball. Next, take a ball and flatten with your palms while at the same time maintaining a cup shape in one hand. Then, with an ice cream scooper, fill the potato with the meat filling. Close and seal it with both hands. Repeat with all the potato balls. Set up 3 shallow pans, one with the egg wash and the others with the panko. Take a potato ball and put in the egg, then in the fine panko, back into the egg and then in the coarse panko. Once you have breaded them, put them in the refrigerator to firm up, about 30 minutes. Fill a deep pot about halfway with oil and heat to about 350 degrees F. Carefully drop the potato balls in the oil and fry in batches until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels and serve with Salsa Ranchera.nStart by heating a skillet with 5 tablespoons of the olive oil and adding the chiles and whole garlic cloves to toast for a few minutes. Then add the onions, bell peppers, oregano, cumin, salt, pepper and bay leaf. Then add the fresh tomatoes, tomato puree and stock, and reduce by a third at a low simmer this takes about 15 minutes. Let cool for 20 minutes. Then place in a blender and puree. Heat the remaining 5 tablespoons olive oil in another pan. Strain the sauce through a fine mesh strainer and add to the pan. Fry the sauce in the hot pan and reduce until thick, 15 to 20 minutes. Adjust the seasoning if necessary., ingredients: [4 pounds Idaho potatoes, peeled and quartered, 12 cup kosher salt, 2 cups warm milk, 1 pound unsalted butter, cut in cubes, 1 cup olive oil, 2 cups chopped Spanish onion, 5 to 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon toasted ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dry oregano, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 bay leaf, 2 pounds freshly ground beef chuck 85 percent lean to 15 percent fat, 34 cup tomato paste, 6 to 8 eggs beaten with 12 cup milk, 4 cups fine panko breadcrumbs, 4 cups coarse panko breadcrumbs, Vegetable or canola oil, for frying, Salsa Ranchera, for serving, recipe follows, 10 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound guajillo chile, 8 ounces pasilla chile, 8 ounces pulla chile, 4 to 5 cloves garlic, whole, 1 cup chopped onions, 12 cup chopped bell pepper, 1 tablespoon dry oregano, 1 teaspoon toasted ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup chopped fresh tomato, 24 ounces tomato puree, 16 ounces chicken or beef stock], title: Papa Rellena con Salsa Ranchera Stuffed Potato with Spicy Creole Sauce, picturelink: vQeThTUnu5l0P6JFvAla7We69ARCy}, 2120: {instructions: For the Chicken: Preheat an oven to 450 degrees F.nHeat a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and swirl to coat the skillet. Season the chicken breast with salt and pepper on the smooth side of each breast. Place in the skillet seasoned side down and cook without disturbing until brown and crisp, about 3 to 4 minutes. Season the top side of the chicken and flip. Cook 1 minute over the burner then transfer the skillet to the oven until chicken registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 6 to 8 minutes more. Place on a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes before slicing.nFor the sauce: smash the garlic clove, sprinkle with the salt, and with the side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Transfer to a blender with the parsley, mint, pepper, lemon zest, and juice. Pulse until coarsely chopped and then slowly drizzle in the olive oil. Pour into a small bowl and adjust seasoning. Deglaze pan with the sauce, if desired, and serve with the chicken., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 13 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Chicken with a Lemon Herb Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2121: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place a large heavy roasting pan on top of the stove. Add enough water to come about 2 inches up the sides of pan and bring to a simmer. Add the Kovbasa krayana and the kovbasa siekana. Simmer until heated through, turning once, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake until brown and crispy, about 15 minutes. Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Place the kabanos directly on the grill pan and grill until heated through and charred all over, about 3 minutes per side. Place 1 or 2 medium skillets on the stove. Add enough water to come 12inch up the sides and bring to a boil. Add the weisswurst, bratwurst, and bauernwurst, in a single layer. Reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, until heated through. Timing will vary depending on the size and variety of sausage, 5 to 10 minutes. Pour off water leaving sausage in skillet. Add the butter. Cook, turning occasionally, over medium heat until browned, about 5 minutes. Slice sausages as desired. Arrange on a large platter. Serve with the mustards, sauerkraut, pickled red cabbage, pickles, potato salad, and bread., ingredients: [1 pound kovbasa krayana sausage or substitute Polish kielbasa, pricked all over with the tip of a knife, 1 pound kabanos sausage, pricked all over with the tip of a knife, 1 pound weisswurst, pricked all over with the tip of a knife, 1 to 2 pounds bratwurst we used a combination of fresh, pickled and smoked, pricked all over with the tip of a knife, 1 pound bauernwurst, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Variety of mustards such as spicy brown, Pommery French grainy mustard, extrastrong Ukranian mustard or substitute any strong mustard, honey mustard, Dijon, horseradish mustard, and German mustard, Sauerkraut, Pickled red cabbage, Pickles, Potato Salad, Crusty bread], title: Sausage, Wurst and Mustard, picturelink: EWtAt.AJ57fAY3PmLWUSelxuUmOoYg6}, 2122: {instructions: Combine the very cold Lillet Blanc and Sancerre in a large chilled wine goblet. Flame the orange rind over the glass. Cooks Note: Squeeze the rind next to a match and the oil will spray out and ignite. That burnt residue of orange oil will flavor the cocktail. Drop the rind into the glass. Add ice and garnish with peach slices., ingredients: [3 ounces 6 tablespoons Lillet Blanc, very cold, 3 ounces 6 tablespoons Sancerre wine, very cold, 1 2inch by 12inch strip orange peel, white pith removed, Ice, 1 white peach, sliced, for garnish], title: White Wine and Lillet Cocktail, picturelink: fZynxUTHxXsPej3jyidDmbP2HAoc.G}, 2123: {instructions: In a bowl, mix together the noodles, black mushrooms, shoots, moss, sesame oil, cilantro, and jalapenos. Lay out tofu skin lengthwise away from you. Start 2 inches up from the bottom of the tofu and spread a thin layer over the bottom half. Fold 2 inches at a time away from you. The last couple of folds will not have filling on the tofu. Repeat. Place rolls, folded side down on a plate and soak with tea. Place in hot steamer for 20 to 30 minutes until hot and soft.nPull the plate from the steamer and transfer rolls to 4 plates, 2 rolls per plate. Top with quenelle of chutney.nIn a small saute pan coated lightly with oil, saute the onions and ginger until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the sambal, soy, and vinegar. Set aside., ingredients: [1 cup mung bean noodles, 1 small package, soaked in hot water until soft, drained, 8 each black mushrooms, rehydrated, destemmed and julienned, 1 small bamboo shoot, julienned, fresh or in water If canned, buy whole and soak in water overnight, then rinse well, 2 ounces black moss hair vegetable, in and out of hot water and rinsed, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon cilantro, chopped, 1 jalapeno, destemmed, minced, 4 sheets tofu skin, cut in half lengthwise, each piece about 4 by 10 inches, 1 cup lightly brewed jasmine tea, SoySambal Chutney, recipe follows, 1 small red onion, minced, 1 teaspoon ginger, minced, 1 tablespoon sambal, 1 tablespoon naturally brewed soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar], title: Steamed Vegetarian Tofu Roll with SoySambal Chutney, picturelink: null}, 2124: {instructions: To make the mousse, combine the chocolate and cream in a heatproof bowl and place in the microwave and cook on high heat for 45 seconds. Stir until chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth and shiny.nIn a large mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese, mascarpone and chocolate mixture with an electric mixer at medium to mediumhigh speed until soft and creamy. Pause occasionally to scrape down the sides of the bowl.nIn another bowl, with clean beaters, whip the egg yolks and sugar until frothy, about 30 seconds on high. With a rubber spatula or wooden spoon, gently fold the egg mixture into the chocolatecream cheese mixture until blended. Cover the mousse and refrigerate until ready to assemble the tiramisu. You should have about 2 cups mousse. The mousse may be made ahead, covered, and refrigerated for up to 1 day.nTo make the zabaglione, prepare an ice water bath. Combine the yolks, rum, Marsala and 12 cup sugar in the top of a double boiler. Place over not touching barely simmering water in the lower pan and whisk vigorously, or beat with an electric mixer, until the mixture begins to foam. Whisk continuously until the mixture triples in volume and thickens to form soft mounds when the whisk is lifted, about 7 minutes. Immediately place the top of the double boiler in the ice water bath to stop the cooking. Let cool, stirring occasionally.nIn a small bowl, beat the 12 cup heavy cream until it begins to foam. Add the remaining 2 teaspoons sugar and continue to beat until the cream holds soft peaks. Fold whipped cream into the cooled zabaglione. Cover and chill for several hours before assembling the tiramisu. You should have about 2 cups.nTo assemble the dessert, in a small bowl or pitcher, add the sugar to the hot espresso. Stir well to dissolve the sugar, then add the rum.nCut off the top of the cake and reserve for another use see Chefs Note. Cut the cake in half horizontally. Arrange a layer of cake, cut side up, in the bottom of a deep 2 12quart bowl. Moisten evenly with some of the espresso syrup. Spread half the mousse on top, and then spread half of the zabaglione on top of the mousse. Arrange the second layer of cake, again cut side up, on the mousse. Moisten well with syrup. Spread the remaining mousse on top in an even layer, followed by the remaining zabaglione. Cover and refrigerate for several hours or overnight before serving. With a vegetable peeler, cut curls of chocolate to garnish the top, or dust with cocoa., ingredients: [5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into pieces, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 2 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 14 cup sugar, 4 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon light or dark rum, 14 cup Marsala wine, 12 cup plus 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 store bought chocolate sheet cake, 1 cup fresh hot espresso, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup dark rum, 1ounce bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, or 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder or powdered sugar], title: Tra Vignes Chocolate Tiramisu, picturelink: null}, 2125: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nWrap 2 slices of bacon through the middle of each onion ring and fully around to cover, leaving the center of the ring open. Transfer to a baking rack on a baking sheet. Bake until the bacon is fully cooked, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [Two 16ounce packages thinly sliced bacon, One 16ounce package frozen onion rings], title: BaconWrapped Onion Rings, picturelink: BK92X4TTW8iuS2N0VV5KqLIu05WV9Ji}, 2126: {instructions: Put 2 halved, seeded spaghetti squash in a microwavesafe bowl add 14 cup water, cover and microwave 16 minutes. Let cool slightly, then scrape into strands with a fork. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 teaspoon dried oregano and a pinch each of cinnamon and sugar cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add 12 cup water and bring to a simmer season with salt. Add the squash and toss. Top with feta.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Spaghetti Squash with Feta, picturelink: pjHFdxjE3pNWfllKQhTfI1gb85YG6}, 2127: {instructions: 1. Cook beef in large skillet over mediumhigh heat 7 minutes or until crumbled and no longer pink, stirring occasionally drain. Add chili beans, chili powder and reserved liquid from tomatoes. Cook 2 minutes or until hot set aside.n2. Divide lettuce between 4 serving plates. Spoon meat mixture evenly over lettuce. Top evenly with cheese, broken chips and drained tomatoes., ingredients: [1 pound ground round beef 85 lean, 1 can 16 oz each beans in chili seasoned sauce, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Original Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, drained, liquid reserved, 6 cups chopped romaine lettuce, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 112 cups broken tortilla chips], title: Simple Taco Salad, picturelink: A9JrJmCnML6UDucKOD75jBd5ouggMUq}, 2128: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace 14 cup of chocolate chips in a small bowl. Place the bowl over a small pan of barely simmering water. Heat, stirring occasionally, until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat.nGently squeeze the sides of an apricot together until 34inch thick. Using a wooden skewer, make a hole through the center of the side of the apricot and thread a piece of licorice through the hole. Repeat twice more on either side of the first hole. Gently flatten out the apricot to its original shape. Dip the blunt end of the skewer in the melted chocolate and place a very small dab of chocolate onto the flat side of 2 chocolate chips. Place the chocolate chips sidebyside on the end of the apricot to form 2 eyes. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Allow the melted chocolate to harden, about 15 minutes, and serve.nCooks Note: The bugs can also be made using dried prunes. Use red licorice lace for the legs and white chocolate chips for the eyes., ingredients: [12 cup chocolate chips, 20 about 6 ounces dried apricots, such as Mariani Ultimate Apricots, Sixty 2 12inchlong pieces thin black licorice, such as licorice laces, Special equipment: a wooden skewer], title: Chocolate Apricot Bugs, picturelink: V3PKx2vBwiIt3YEMFCMujB3FYeHk6vi}, 2129: {instructions: Combine the water, sugar and butter in a large saucepan and cook over high heat until light amber, about 5 minutes. Stand back as far as possible and slowly drizzle the cream into the caramel. It will bubble up and may splatter, so protect your hands with an oven mitt or towel. Add the rum and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, occasionally swirling in the sauce around the pan, until thickened and a rich golden brown.nStrain the sauce and stir in the sweetened condensed milk. Store in a sealed container. This sauce will keep for 2 weeks in the refrigerator or 3 months in the freezer., ingredients: [14 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup unsweetened butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon Jamaican dark rum, 13 cup sweetened condensed milk], title: Butterscotch Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2130: {instructions: Cream together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg yolk and orange peel. Add flour, dont over mix. If the dough is too crumbly, add a little water. Chill the dough until firm enough to roll out. Make almond paste, or mix prepared almond paste such as Odense brand with egg white. If the paste is too hard to mix, grate it into the egg white and add enough water to achieve a spreadable consistency. After the dough is chilled, roll out dough nice and thin. Cut the dough into 3inch strips. Gather extra dough, repeat until dough is used up. Spread almond paste mixture on dough, leaving 14inch free at the top edge. Gently roll up the dough, and place on a cookie sheet, refrigerating until firm. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Remove chilled dough from the refrigerator. Slice roll into 2inch pieces, and arrange these on the cookie sheet, leaving a little room for spreading. Slice each 2inch roll every 14inch or so from the top down leaving about a 14inch uncut at the bottom. Gently pull down the ends to form a crown shape. Brush each cookie with an egg wash, and sprinkle with almonds. If you prefer, use parl suukar, or pearl sugar, for a glittering effect. Bake 15 to 20 minutes, until pale golden in color, remove and cool.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [1 cup butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 1 egg yolk, 2 teaspoons dried orange peel or zest from 1 orange, 2 cup flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 7ounce package almond paste or home made see Joy of Cooking, 1 egg white, Water, 12 cup finely chopped almonds, Egg wash], title: Mandel Kranser Almond Crowns, picturelink: null}, 2131: {instructions: In a blender, combine all ingredients except salt, pepper, and cheese. Pulse until smooth. Transfer soup to a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into 2 bowls. Sprinkle cheese over top and serve., ingredients: [1 14ounce can chicken broth, 1 cup jarred roasted bell peppers, rinsed and drained, 34 cup orange juice, 14 cup dry sherry, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Salt and pepper, 14 cup finely shredded Gruyere], title: Roasted Pepper Soup, picturelink: null}, 2132: {instructions: For the sauce: Heat the butter, hot sauce, ale and cider together in a large saucepan over medium heat until fully melted and combined. Set aside until the wings are cooked.nFor the blue cheese dressing: Combine the mayo, 34 cup blue cheese, sour cream, vinegar and garlic in a large bowl. Season with black pepper to your liking and set aside. Sprinkle the remaining 14 cup blue cheese on top just before serving.nFor the wings: Sprinkle the wings with lemon pepper and salt. From there you can fry, grill or saute them until done. This usually takes up to 30 minutes, depending on the cooking method used and the size of the wings. When cooked, toss them in the cider sauce and serve with the blue cheese sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 pound butter, 2 cups hot sauce, 12 cup amber ale, 12 cup cider, 1 cup mayo, 1 cup blue cheese crumbles, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup white vinegar, 12 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, Cracked black pepper, 6 to 8 pounds chicken wings, Lemon pepper, Salt], title: Red Eye and Cider Brew House Wings, picturelink: c056MfJCVyL7wTMg1cVd4q2MKYd7fu}, 2133: {}, 2134: {instructions: First, rim the lip of a chilled cocktail glass with your crushed graham crackers. Pour all the liquid ingredients into a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well. Strain into your chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with an apple slice., ingredients: [112 oz. vodka or tequila, 1 oz. Hiram Walker Butterscotch Schnapps, 112 oz. apple cider, 1 tsp. fresh lemon juice, Apple slice for garnish, Crushed graham crackers], title: Frosty the Caramel Apple Pie, picturelink: ZrUjGZSWLWXhTDDj1PEIalQdD4Q1i1G}, 2135: {instructions: Put the sliced chicken breast in a bowl, then add the fish sauce, sugar and salt to marinate for 10 minutes.nIn a deep pan set over the highest heat, add the vegetable oil, minced garlic and onions, and saute for 1 minute. Then quickly add the marinated chicken breast, turn the heat down to mediumhigh, and continue to saute for another 5 minutes. Finally add in the lemongrass, curry powder, turmeric and 4 ounces water. Turn down the heat to low and let it simmer for 5 minutes. Then serve on steamed jasmine rice with a pinch of black pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken breast, sliced, 3 ounces fish sauce, 1 ounce sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 pound purple onions, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh lemongrass, 1 teaspoon yellow curry powder, 1 teaspoon turmeric, Steamed jasmine rice, for serving, Pinch black pepper], title: Curry Chicken, picturelink: null}, 2136: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the sliced fruit into a bowl and cover with wine let it sit for 30 minutes. Smear the cream cheese frosting onto the pizza shell to desired thickness. Place the fruit on top of the frosting, and sprinkle with brown sugar. The pizza is then baked according to pizza shell directions or until frosting is melted and crust is crisp., ingredients: [1 star fruit, sliced, 1 peach, sliced, 1 mango, sliced, 12 cup white Zinfandel, 4 ounces cream cheese frosting, 10inch pizza shell, 14 cup brown sugar], title: Dessert Pizza with Mango, Peaches, and Star Fruit, picturelink: null}, 2137: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel the tomatoes by first scoring them on the bottom with an x and then submerging them in boiling water for 15 seconds. Immediately plunge the tomatoes into a bowl of ice water. The skins will peel right off.nQuarter the tomatoes, then cut out the cores and remove the seeds. Add the tomatoes to a heavy medium pot, along with the red peppers, honey and Italian seasoning. Stir and cook over medium heat until the flavors have combined and the peppers and tomatoes have softened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool to room temperatureu00bfthe mixture can be frozen at this at this stage.nWhile the tomatoes cool, marinate the mozzarella. In a medium bowl, combine the mozzarella, olive oil, lemon zest and lemon juice.nWhen the tomato mixture is completely cooled, strain off and discard the excess juice, and then add the mixture to the marinated mozzarella. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Allow to marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Garnish with basil before serving., ingredients: [10 Roma tomatoes, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, cut into 34inch cubes, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 7 fresh basil leaves, chiffonade, for garnish], title: Stewed Tomato and Fresh Mozzarella Salad, picturelink: ESE2OUfQeSkDNyuC9kC6BTNyOtGPVS}, 2138: {instructions: In a casserole set over moderate heat, cook the Prosciutto in the oil and butter, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. Add the rabbit, season with salt and pepper and cook it until browned on both sides. Add the bay leaf, rosemary, parsley and stock. Bring the liquid to a boil and simmer the rabbit, covered, for 45 minutes, or until just tender.nIn a small skillet heat the 14 cup of oil over moderate heat until hot. Add the garlic and cook it, stirring, until golden. Add the anchovy and cook it, stirring, until dissolved. Add the vinegar and reduce it over moderately high heat to 2 tablespoons.nAdd the sliced peppers and anchovy mixture to the casserole and simmer it, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes longer., ingredients: [2 ounces Prosciutto, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 14 cup, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 pounds rabbit, cut into serving pieces and patted dry, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 large bay leaf, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 1 cup chicken stock, 4 large roasted red peppers, peeled, cored, seeded and sliced, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 4 drained anchovy fillets, chopped, 13 cup red wine vinegar], title: Sauteed Rabbit with Roasted Red Peppers, picturelink: null}, 2139: {instructions: Fill a 12ounce glass with ice. Add tequila, Cointreau, and sour mix. Shake well. Rim the glass with lime juice and kosher salt. Garnish with lime and serve., ingredients: [2 ounces Margaritaville Gold Tequila, 12ounce Cointreau, 2 ounces premium sour mix, Lime juice, for glass rim, Kosher salt, for glass rim, Sliced lime, for garnish], title: Margaritaville Gold Margarita, picturelink: null}, 2140: {instructions: If using powered gelatin, sprinkle it on 4 tablespoons of the milk in a small bowl. Stand basin in very hot water until gelatin dissolves. Heat the remaining milk with the rose water and sugar and add gelatin. Stir gently until sugar dissolves. If using leaf gelatin, soften in water for a few minutes before adding to milk and stirring until dissolved. Pour into flat dish and leave to set. Turn out of the dish and cut into lozenge shapes. Decorate with sugared flowers, or, if you wish to impress, edible gold leaf., ingredients: [5 sheets leaf gelatin, or generous 12 ounce powered gelatin, 1 English pint creamy milk English pint  20 fl. ounces: American pint  16 fl. ounces, 1 tablespoon rose water, 2 ounces sugar, Sugared flowers or edible gold leaf, for decorating], title: Whyte Leach Leach means slice, picturelink: null}, 2141: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut all the vegetables and the herb sprigs in a large baking dish. Season well with salt and black pepper, drizzle generously with olive oil, and toss them with your hands to coat them evenly.nPut the baking dish in the preheated oven and cook, stirring the vegetables occasionally, until they are tender and golden brown, about 45 minutes. Serve the vegetables from their baking dish or transfer them to a platter to accompany a roasted main course., ingredients: [8 to 12 slender carrots, peeled and trimmed, 8 to 12 baby turnips, peeled, 6 to 8 fingerling potatoes, scrubbed and cut lengthwise in halves, 1 or 2 large parsnips, peeled, trimmed, and cut diagonally into 1inchthick slices, 1 or 2 medium onions, trimmed, peeled and halved, each 12 cut into quarters, 1 or 2 large beets, peeled and cut into thick wedges, 1 or 2 kohlrabi bulbs, peeled and cut into thick wedges, 1 celery root, trimmed and halved, halves cut crosswise into 1inchthick slices, 1 whole head garlic, separated into cloves, unpeeled, 2 or 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, sage, or thyme, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Roasted Root Vegetable Medley, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 2142: {instructions: Shuck all the oysters and remove from the shell. Do not discard the shell. Slice the leeks and wash them very well. In a small saute pan sweat leeks until tender and keep them warm.nSlice all the peppers very thinly in small strips, cook them with olive oil until tender and add the sherry vinegar. Place the leeks in the bottom of the shell. Sear the oysters quickly in a very hot pan and put them on top of the leeks. Spoon the peppers on top of each oyster and serve., ingredients: [12 oysters, pemaquid or malpecques, 2 leeks, 1 red bell pepper, 1 poblano pepper, 1ounce olive oil, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 2 ounces butter], title: Seared Oysters Braised Leeks and Chili, picturelink: null}, 2143: {instructions: Combine all marinade ingredients in a nonreactive baking dish for 1 hour.nHeat oil in a wok and heat over high heat. When oil is hot, add red onion, green onion, and bean sprouts and sear for 1 minute, stirring. Set aside on serving platter. Add beef to very hot wok and sear until rare. Add hoisin sauce and toss until coated. Add ground peanuts and basil and cook until meat is medium rare. Serve meat over onions and bean sprouts., ingredients: [8 ounces sliced flank steak, 1 tablespoon minced lemongrass, 12 teaspoon peeled and minced fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon fish sauce, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon dried red chili flakes, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup thinly sliced red onion, 12 bunch thinly sliced green onion, 1 cup bean sprouts, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon ground peanuts, 20 Thai basil leaves], title: Seven Flavor Beef, picturelink: null}, 2144: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan equipped with a lid, add 3 cups of the water and 12 teaspoon salt. Rinse the peas, and add them to the pan. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook for 4 minutes. Remove the pot from heat, cover and let it sit for 1 hour. Drain the water from the peas, add 1 cup of fresh water and bring it to a simmer over low heat. Cook until the peas are al dente. Let cool.nIn a separate saucepan, add the rice, remaining 1 cup of water and the garlic. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook for 16 minutes. Let cool. Fluff the rice with a fork and set aside.nIn a glass or nonreactive bowl, add all of the ingredients and combine well. Adjust seasoning if necessary. Set aside until the salad is ready to assemble.nDrain off any liquid from the peas and add them to a large serving bowl. Make sure the rice is separated, then add it to the peas. Stir in the red onion, red bell pepper and olives. Add the dressing and toss. Refrigerate if not using immediately., ingredients: [5 cups water, divided, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup dry blackeyed peas, 12 cup basmati rice, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, preferably country style, 4 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, best quality, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup diced 14inch red onion, 12 cup seeded and diced 14inch red bell pepper, 13 cup sliced Spanish olives], title: BlackEyed Basmati Salad, picturelink: y3OBH89Unmi8B0lWhrWfRbETNuLTJYm}, 2145: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nStir together the corn, flour, salt, sugar, and butter. Beat the eggs well. Mix in the milk, then stir in the corn, and pour the mixture into a greased 8 by 8inch baking dish. Bake for about 40 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups white whole kernel corn, or fresh corn, cut off the cob, 8 tablespoons flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 rounded teaspoons sugar, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 4 eggs, 1 quart milk], title: Beaumont Inns Corn Pudding, picturelink: null}, 2146: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine all ingredients except flour. Blend thoroughly with your hands. Form into 1inch meatballs, roll in flour to coat, and place on dish. Spray a large skillet lightly with nonstick cooking spray. Heat over medium heat. Cook meatballs 56 minutes until cooked through, turning to brown evenly. Serve immediately with a large Greek salad., ingredients: [12 pound each 112 pounds total ground beef, veal, and lamb, mixed., 1 large onion, chopped, 34 cup chopped parsley, 12 cup bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, or 1 12 tablespoons dried, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 large egg, 14 cup milk, Allpurpose flour], title: Greek Meatballs with Beef, Veal and Lamb, picturelink: null}, 2147: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nSpray a 10cup tube pan with floured cooking spray and set aside make sure the pan is coated well.nCream together the butter and cream cheese on low speed until mixed well. Slowly add the sugar. Beat until the mixture is light and fluffy at mediumhigh speed for 5 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating on low speed. Mix from 15 to 30 seconds. Slowly add flour. Once the flour is mixed in add the extracts. Beat the mixture on mediumlow speed for about 30 seconds. Stop and scrape down the sides, beat another 30 seconds. TIP: do not overbeat, cake will be dry.nPour batter into the tube pan and distribute evenly. Bake for 1 hour 30 minutes. Test for doneness. Remove from over and let the cake cool in the pan for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes turn the cake out on a serving dish. Put the dish on a wire rack to complete cooling. One cake is cool, frost.nIcing: Take the strained crushed pineapple, put in a small bowl, and with the back of a large spoon, press out as much juice as possible. Set aside.nCream together the cream cheese and butter. Add the crushed pineapple and extracts. Beat about a minute. Slowly add the confectioners sugar, 1 cup at a time, until you reach the desired spreading consistency. You will most likely use the entire box. Beat until light and fluffy. Frost the pound cake on all sides, top and middle. Carefully press the coconut on the sides, and sprinkle on the top. Hint, put the cake dish on waxed paper so that the coconut that falls off can be easily collected., ingredients: [Floured cooking spray, 3 stick butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, 3 cups sugar, 6 large eggs, 3 cups sifted allpurpose flour recommended: White Lily, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon lemon extract, 1 12 teaspoons orange extract, 1 8ounce can crushed pineapple, drained, 4 ounces cream cheese, 1 stick butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon lemon extract, 1 teaspoon orange extract, 1 box confectioners sugar more or less depending on desired frosting consistency, 1 small can coconut], title: Tropical Pound Cake, picturelink: null}, 2148: {instructions: Bring first 9 ingredients to a boil in a very large pot. Reduce heat and simmer 1 minute to blend flavors. Place pork in a large Dutch oven, pour half the liquid over the pork. Cover and place the pork in a 300 degree preheated oven. Roast for 4 to 5 hours.nBoil remaining liquid over medium high heat, stirring occasionally. Pay careful attention to the sauce near the 30 minute mark, if the mixture gets foamy, remove from heat. Cook until reduced to the consistency of syrup, about 40 minutes. Discard bay leaves and let cool for about 15 minutes. Mixture will thicken considerably as it cools. Top roasted pork with BBQ sauce., ingredients: [6 cups beer, 2 12 cups packed dark brown sugar, 1 12 cups apple cider vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons chili powder, 1 12 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons dried crushed red pepper, 2 bay leaves, One 5 to 8pound Boston pork butt], title: BeerBasted Pulled Pork Roast, picturelink: null}, 2149: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine 2 heavy large baking sheets with silicone baking sheets or parchment paper. In a food processor, chop the Parmesan, Gruyere and rosemary together until coarsely chopped. Set the cheese mixture aside. Separate the dough strips. Using a pizza cutter or a large sharp knife, cut each dough strip in half lengthwise to form thin strips. Working with dough strip at a time, coat each strip with the cheese mixture, pressing very gently. Twist each cheese covered dough strip and place onto prepared baking sheets. Sprinkle with the salt, if you wish.nBake until the breadsticks are golden brown, about 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer the warm breadsticks to a basket and serve., ingredients: [14 cup grated Parmesan, 13 cup grated Gruyere, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 11ounce container refrigerated breadstick dough recommended: Pillsbury, Finely ground sea salt, optional], title: Cheese and Rosemary Breadsticks, picturelink: G4f5YsCo8lwD7Pmlub10Z4Gd0ogHCMK}, 2150: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Lightly oil shallow baking pan large enough to hold mushrooms in single layer. Add mushrooms and toss with 2 to 3 tablespoons oil. Add garlic season with salt roast for 20 minutes stirring on occasion mushrooms should be browned. Season with pepper., ingredients: [Vegetable or olive oil, 1 pound cultivated mushrooms, trimmed, halved or quartered, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Oven Roasted Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 2151: {instructions: Pour ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [12 cup orange juice, 12 cup lowfat vanilla yogurt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup banana slices, partially frozen, 1 cup ice chips], title: Banana Orange Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 2152: {instructions: Bring 6 cups of water to a boil. Lightly oil a saute pan with olive oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon, sausages, garlic, jalapeno, if you want a kick, and shallots. Let it fry.nAdd the polenta to the boiling water and stir frequently. While the polenta is cooking, keep an eye on it and begin preparing your redfish. Sprinkle the skin side with blackening spice. Coat a pan with vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Place the fish in the pan skinside down and cook until brown.nStir the Cheddars, Parmesan and butter into the polenta until rich and thick. Mix in the sausage and garlic mixture.nPlate and serve the fish on a bed of polenta., ingredients: [Olive oil, 12 cup diced bacon, 12 cup largely diced boudin blanc sausage, 12 cup diced sausage, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 jalapeno, chopped jalapeno, optional, 1 shallot, chopped, 2 cups polenta, 4 fillets redfish, Blackening spice, Vegetable oil, for cooking fish, 12 cup mild Cheddar, 12 cup sharp Cheddar, 12 cup Parmesan, 2 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Gs LafayetteInspired Redfish and Polenta, picturelink: null}, 2153: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, dissolve the sazon in warm water and set aside. Warm 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, bell pepper and jalapeno and saute for 5 minutes. Stir in the rice and garlic. When the garlic begins to brown, add the sazon water, cumin, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Saute until the aromas blend, about 3 minutes more. Remove from the heat, add 12 cup of the tomato sauce and set aside to cool slightly, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and add the ground beef. Mix until evenly incorporated.nStuff the cubanelle peppers with the ground beef mixture, using the end of wooden spoon to help ensure stuffing is tightly packed in. Brush the outside of the peppers with remaining olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the remaining tomato sauce into an 11 by 9inch baking dish and arrange the stuffed peppers in the dish. Bake until the peppers are golden brown and the internal temperature registers 140 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 50 to 60 minutes., ingredients: [1 packet sazon seasoning, 12 cup warm water, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 12 Vidalia or sweet onion, chopped, 12 yellow bell pepper, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 14 cup longgrain rice, rinsed and drained, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, divided, 1 pound ground beef, 8020 ratio, 8 cubanelle peppers, stalk and seeds removed], title: Sunset Park Stuffed Cubanelles, picturelink: 0AdeIuBM.CYmUCE2a.ehT07NMa7iw2}, 2154: {instructions: 1.WHISK together syrup and 14 cup peanut butter in medium microwavesafe bowl until smooth. Microwave on HIGH 30 to 60 seconds to warm.n2.MASH 1 banana in large bowl. Add pancake mix, buttermilk, eggs, cinnamon and remaining 2 tablespoons peanut butter. Stir until well blended.n3.COAT griddle with nostick cooking spray. Heat over medium heat. Pour 14 of the batter for each pancake onto griddle. Cook pancakes until bubbles begin to break on surface. Turn and cook until golden brown.n4.SLICE remaining banana into medium bowl. Stir in sliced strawberries. Serve pancakes topped with sliced fruit and peanut butter syrup., ingredients: [34 cup Hungry Jacku00ae Lite Syrup, Or 34 cup Hungry Jacku00ae Original Syrup, 6 tablespoons Jifu00ae Creamy Reduced Fat Peanut Butter Spread, divided, 2 medium ripe bananas, divided, 2 cups Hungry Jacku00ae Original Pancake  Waffle Mix Add Milk, Oil  Eggs, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Criscou00ae Butter Flavor NoStick Cooking Spray, 2 cups sliced fresh strawberries], title: Banana Peanut Butter Pancakes with Peanut Butter Syrup, picturelink: null}, 2155: {instructions: In a saute pan, heat oil and saute garlic. Add broccoli and toss together.nAdd pasta to garlic and broccoli. Add Mornay sauce, season, to taste, and heat throughout.nServe immediately garnished with cheese.nMix dry ingredients in a mixer. Slowly add water and eggs. Mix for 10 minutes the dough should be crumbly. Extrude pasta as desired.nYield: 2 pounds approximately 10 servings, ingredients: [4 ounces olive oil, 12 cloves garlic, peeled and coarsely minced, 1 pound broccoli florets, washed and blanched, 2 pounds fresh fettuccine, cooked al dente in boiling, salted water, rinsed and drained, recipe follows, 12 ounces storebought Mornay sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 ounces freshly grated Romano, 12 ounces semolina flour, 12 ounces bread flour, 1 tablespoons salt, 8 ounces water, as needed, 2 eggs], title: Fettuccine with Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 2156: {instructions: In a large bowl combine beef stew meat, salt, pepper and flour. Toss until beef is well coated.nHeat the canola in a large saute pan over high heat. Add seasoned beef and sear on all sides until brown and caramelized. Remove to a plate and set aside.nCombine seared beef, carrots, mushrooms, potatoes and tomatoes in a 4quart slow cooker.nIn a medium bowl, stir together grated chocolate, garlic, meatloaf packet, beef broth, and red wine. Pour into slow cooker and sprinkle the leeks over the top. Cover and cook on HIGH setting for 4 to 6 hours.nAdjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds beef stew meat, cut into bitesized pieces, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup frozen sliced carrots, 1 8ounce package sliced brown mushrooms, 3 cups diced red potatoes, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons finely grated bittersweet chocolate, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 1 1.5ounce packet meatloaf seasoning recommended: McCormick, 1 14ounce can lowsodium beef broth, 1 cup red wine, preferably Merlot, 1 leek, white part only, sliced and cleaned], title: Beef Stew with Chocolate, picturelink: zHJmBcJQGUOAXYRbWDnYszFLO6YMerm}, 2157: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill to medium. Peel back the husks of the corn without removing them. Remove the silks and recover the corn with the husk. Soak in large bowl of cold water for 30 minutes. Remove corn from water and shake off excess. Place the corn on the grill, close the cover and grill for 15 to 20 minutes.nUnwrap corn and brush with the garlic butter. Sprinkle with the cotija cheese and squeeze with lime. Sprinkle with chopped chives, to garnish.nCombine butter, garlic, habanero, and chives in a food processor and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside until ready to use., ingredients: [8 ears corn, Garlic butter, recipe follows, 12 cup grated cotija cheese, 4 fresh limes, quartered, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, for garnish, 2 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened, 8 cloves garlic, peeled and coarsely chopped, 14 habanero pepper, seeded, 14 bunch fresh chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Corn on the Cob with Garlic Butter, Fresh Lime and Cotija Cheese, picturelink: .ndV1QPjBNU0h5RMGOlQOPMINnhYXBu}, 2158: {instructions: With a 12teaspoon measuring spoon, scoop out the center of each watermelon cube. Set the cubes scoopedsidedown on a papertowellined baking sheet. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine the cream, mascarpone, cinnamon, vanilla, agave, lime zest and the juice of one of the lime halves. Beat until nice and thick using a hand mixer. Set aside.nSqueeze the remaining lime half over the watermelon. Flip the watermelon cubes over and fill each with 1 teaspoon of the mascarpone filling. Top with chocolate chips and serve., ingredients: [1 medium seedless watermelon, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 cup heavy cream, chilled, 1 cup 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, chilled, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon agave syrup, Zest of 1 lime, 1 lime, halved, 13 cup mini chocolate chips], title: MascarponeFilled Watermelon, picturelink: VXWgngRGBMLbzNNvgqE8PtU4Cps3bi}, 2159: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 350F. Spray cookie sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Cook bacon until crisp. Drain on paper towel crumble. 2. Unroll dough. Sprinkle cheese over dough. Top with turkey, ham and bacon. Starting with long side, roll up dough press edges to seal. Make 3 to 4 slits in top of loaf. Place on sprayed cookie sheet. 3. Bake at 350F. for 23 to 28 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 5 minutes. Cut into 1inch diagonal slices., ingredients: [1 lb. Bacon, 1 11oz. can Pillsbury Refrigerated Crusty French Loaf, 4 oz. 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 2 oz. thinly sliced cooked deli turkey, 2 oz. thinly sliced cooked deli ham], title: Baked Club Sandwich Rounds, picturelink: null}, 2160: {instructions: Cream the butter. Add the sugar and mix well. Add the egg, milk and vanilla and combine. Sift together 1 cup of the flour with the baking powder and mix it into the batter. Add some or all of the additional flour depending on how much the dough can handle. Form into a disk, cover in plastic and chill in the refrigerator at least 2 hours. Roll out on a lightly floured surface about 14inch thick. Cut out hearts with various sized cookie cutters and place on a greased sheet pan. Bake at 375 degrees F for 8 to 10 minutes until very light golden brown. Let cool on the pan.nIcing: Whisk together the egg whites and powdered sugar to form a slightly loose icing. It should flow a little bit but not too much. Transfer a small amount to a separate bowl and add a tiny amount of red food coloring to make pink icing. Pipe a rim of pink icing around the edge of the cookie and then fill in the center with white icing, or just pipe decorative designs on the surface. Embellish with silver or gold balls. Let dry and package up in cello bags tied with a ribbon., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, 14 cup milk, 14 teaspoon vanilla, Approximately 3 cups flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Icing, recipe follows, Silver balls, Gold balls, 2 tablespoons egg whites See Disclaimer, 2 cups powdered sugar, Red food coloring], title: Valentines Cookies, picturelink: 2cwsIxMlqxjl1z7PE7CVK6XUBPTwhS}, 2161: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nCombine the eggs, egg yolk, and sugar and whisk well. Add the vanilla and orange zest. In a small saucepot, scald the heavy cream and Grand Marnier. Remove and slowly add 13 of scalded cream mixture into the egg mixture temper the custard. Return the egg mixture to the cream and combine. Chill for 10 to 15 minutes. Set up a water bath for the brulee dishes and place the brulee dishes into the bath, making sure the water comes 12 way up the side of the dish. Pour the brulee mix into the dish and bake in the oven for 25 to 35 minutes or until the custard is set. Refrigerate until ready for service. Place a light coating of sugar on top of each brulee and caramelize the sugar with either a torch or a broiler. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 whole eggs, 1 egg yolk, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 tablespoons orange zest, 14 ounce of Grand Marnier], title: Orange Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 2162: {instructions: Heat large skillet over medium heat, then add 1 tablespoon butter. When foam subsides, add shrimp and cook until they just turn pink. Remove from pan and reserve. Add remaining 1 tablespoon butter to pan. When it melts, add onions and stir cook 5 minutes until softened. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, curry powder, garlic and ginger over the onions, reduce heat to low, and cook gently 5 minutes until onions are softened and translucent. Add red pepper and chayote and cook 5 minutes. Add about 23 of the coconut milk and simmer, uncovered, 10 minutes to bring flavors together. Add shrimp back to skillet along with scallions, cilantro leaves and lime juice. Taste and adjust seasoning adding more pepper if necessary, adding more coconut milk if desired for a soupier consistency. Serve over rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 pounds large raw shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 2 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoons Madras curry powder, 2 cloves garlic, minced or pureed, 3inch piece of ginger, grated 2 tablespoons, 1 red pepper, cut into julienne, 1 chayote squash christophine, diced, One 13ounce can coconut milk, 1 bunch scallions, cut into 1inch lengths, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves only, Juice of 12 lime, freshly squeezed], title: Curried Shrimp with Coconut Milk, picturelink: null}, 2163: {instructions: For the bread pudding: Whisk together the halfandhalf, limoncello, granulated sugar, vanilla, lemon zest, salt and eggs in a large bowl.nButter a 2quart casserole dish and add the bread cubes to the dish. Pour the custard over the bread and let stand 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCover the dish with foil. Bake, covered, for 20 minutes, then uncover and continue to bake until puffed, set and golden on top, about 25 minutes more.nFor the glaze: Whisk together the confectioners sugar, limoncello and lemon zest in a small bowl. Pour the glaze on the warm bread pudding and serve., ingredients: [2 cups halfandhalf, 14 cup limoncello, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large eggs, Unsalted butter, for buttering the casserole dish, 5 cups cubed challah about 8 ounces, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon limoncello, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest], title: Challah Bread Pudding with Limoncello, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 2164: {instructions: Special equipment: ice cream maker, martini glassesnFor the sorbet: Combine the tangerine juice, sugar and Campari if using in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer, stirring over low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Chill the mixture in the refrigerator for about 20 minutes then process the sorbet in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Transfer to a bowl, cover tightly and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours and up to 3 days.nFor the pistachios: Place a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nStir the sugar, 1 tablespoon water and the salt together in a medium bowl. Add the pistachios and stir to coat. Spread the pistachios on the prepared baking sheet and bake until the nuts are golden and crisp, about 8 minutes. Allow the nuts to cool, then coarsely chop and set aside.nFor the vanilla cream: Place the cream in a small bowl. Use a paring knife to scrape the beans from the pod into the cream. Add the empty pod and refrigerate until ready to use.nTo serve, pour 2 tablespoons of the vanilla cream into a martini glass. Add a scoop of sorbet and garnish with pistachios., ingredients: [3 cups freshly squeezed tangerine juice, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon Italian bitter liqueur, such as Campari, optional, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup shelled pistachios, 34 cup whipping cream, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise], title: Tangerine Sorbet with Vanilla Cream and Candied Pistachios, picturelink: Px2tT5oWe2QFbKgVdc685F24N2CxgS}, 2165: {instructions: In a 6quart kettle, bring 5 quarts salted water to a boil.nIn a large bowl whisk together flour and salt.nIn a heavy saucepan, bring milk just to a simmer. Put the parsley in a blender. With the blender motor running, add the milk to the parsley, and blend until milk is very green.nIn a bowl, whisk together eggs and water and add green milk in a slow stream, whisking constantly.nAdd milk mixture to flour mixture, whisking until mixture forms a soft, smooth batterlike dough.nForce the dough through a spaetzlemaker into the boiling water, or drizzle through a largeholed colander.nStir the spaetzle gently, to separate, and boil for 5 minutes, or until just tender.nIn a large colander drain the spaetzle and place in serving bowl.nIn a small heavy saucepan, cook the rosemary with salt and pepper, to taste, in butter over moderate heat, stirring, for 2 minutes.nDrizzle the rosemary butter over the spaetzle, tossing well.nSeason the spaetzle with salt and pepper., ingredients: [5 quarts salted water, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 34 cup milk, 2 cups packed fresh parsley leaves preferably flatleafed, washed and spun dry, 3 large eggs, 12 cup water, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter], title: Herbed Spaetzle, picturelink: null}, 2166: {instructions: For the stew: In heavy, large saucepan over moderatelyhigh heat, heat 3 tablespoons oil until hot, but not smoking. Add the onion, carrot, and celery and saute, stirring occasionally, until light golden brown, about 10 minutes.nAdd the beef and saute, stirring occasionally, until brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add wine and thyme, stir well, and bring to boil.nAdd the tomatoes, salt, and pepper, then lower heat to moderately low, cover, and simmer, stirring every 15 minutes, until the beef is tender, about 2 hours.nFor the polenta: While the beef is simmering, make the polenta. Pour the olive oil into a large serving bowl and swirl to coat. Set aside.nIn heavy, large pot over moderatelyhigh heat, bring stock to a boil. Lower the heat to moderate and gradually whisk in the polenta, stirring constantly. Continue cooking, stirring constantly, until polenta thickens and pulls away from sides of pan, about 5 minutes. Transfer the polenta to an oilcoated serving bowl and keep warm. Let the polenta sit for 5 to 10 minutes so it can set up.nWhen the beef is tender, use tongs to remove the tomato skins, if desired and the thyme sprigs.nTurn the polenta out of the bowl, slice, and serve alongside the stew., ingredients: [Stew, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 red onion, cut into medium dice, 3 carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 3 stalks celery, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 pounds stew beef boneless chuck, excess fat trimmed, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 12 cups dry red wine, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 medium tomatoes, halved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Polenta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 cups vegetable stock or broth, 1 cup instant polenta], title: Tuscan Beef Stew with Polenta, picturelink: null}, 2167: {instructions: Add a small scoop of sorbet to each champagne flute. Top with the prosecco and add a sprig of mint for garnish.nAdd the sugar, 1 cup water and lemon zest to a medium saucepan over medium heat and stir until the sugar has dissolved. Stir in the remaining 1 12 cups cold water, the lemon juice and limoncello. Place in the fridge until chilled, about 2 hours. Add the cold lemon mixture to an ice cream maker and run as directed by the manufacturers instructions. You want it to look like soft serve. Remove to a plastic lidded container and place in the freezer until firm, about 3 hours., ingredients: [Lemon Sorbet, recipe follows, 1 bottle good prosecco, Fresh mint, for garnish, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, Juice of 6 lemons about 1 cup, 3 tablespoons limoncello], title: Sgroppino, picturelink: null}, 2168: {instructions: Special equipment: applewood chipsnPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F, line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and line a third baking sheet or pan with paper towels. Brush each parchmentlined baking sheet with about 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil. Place the mushroom slices in a single layer, very close together, on the parchment and brush lightly with the remaining vegetable oil.nBake the mushrooms until slightly softened and brown, 25 to 30 minutes, then flip the mushrooms over, rotate the pans in the oven and bake until the mushrooms are wellbrowned and the edges are crispy, another 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and transfer to the papertowel lined baking sheet to dry for a few minutes. Leave the oven on.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the molasses, soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic powder and paprika. Carefully toss the baked mushrooms in the marinade until evenly coated. Place half the marinated mushroom strips in a single layer its ok of they overlap into a large metal steamer basket or colander that fits snugly into a large, heavy metal pot.nPrepare a stovetop smoker: Line the bottom of a large, heavy metal pot with foil. Place two large handfuls of applewood chips in the bottom of the pot. Place the pot over medium heat and use a lighter to light a few of the wood chips. Once the chips are smoking, place the mushroomfilled steamer basket or colander inside the pot, then place a tightfitting lid on top. Allow the mushrooms to smoke for 5 to 10 minutes, depending on how strong of a smoky flavor you want. Repeat with the second batch.nAfter the mushrooms are smoked, return them to the baking sheets in a single layer. Sprinkle with salt and a few grinds of pepper and return to the oven until crisp, 3 to 5 minutes. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 5 days. Reheat in a low oven before serving., ingredients: [6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound portobello mushrooms, cleaned and thinly sliced about 18inch thick, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 34 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mushroom Bacon, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 2169: {instructions: To make the eclairs: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a large saucepan, bring the water, butter, salt, and granulated sugar to a rolling boil over mediumhigh heat. When it boils, immediately take the pan off the heat. Stirring with a wooden spoon, add all the flour at once, and stir hard until all the flour is incorporated, 30 to 60 seconds. Return the pan to the heat and cook, stirring, 30 seconds to evaporate some of the moisture.nScrape the mixture into a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix at medium speed. With the mixer running, and working 1 egg at a time, add 3 of the eggs, stopping after each addition to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Mix until the dough is smooth and glossy and the eggs are completely incorporated. The dough should be thick, but should fall slowly and steadily from the beaters when you lift them out of the bowl. If the dough is still clinging to the beaters, add the remaining egg and mix until incorporated.nUsing a pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip, pipe the dough onto the baking sheet, in 3inch long segments. Whisk the remaining egg with 1 12 teaspoons water. Brush the surface of the dough with the egg wash you may not use all the egg wash. Bake 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees F, and bake until puffed up and light golden brown, about 25 minutes more. Try not to open the oven door too often during the baking. Let cool on the baking sheet.nMeanwhile, make the fillings: In a medium saucepan, heat the milk and vanilla bean to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 10 to 15 minutes. In a bowl, whisk the egg yolks and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add the cornstarch and whisk vigorously until no lumps remain. Whisk in 14 cup of the hot milk mixture until incorporated. Whisk in the remaining hot milk mixture, reserving the empty saucepan.nPour the mixture through a strainer back into the saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and slowly boiling. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter. Pour into a bowl and cover with plastic wrap, lightly pressing the plastic against the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Chill at least 2 hours or until ready to serve. The custard can be made up to 24 hours in advance. Refrigerate until 1 hour before using. To make the chocolate piping ganache, heat the cream to boil it and pour in over the chopped chocolate, whisking to blend. Let sit until thick enough to pipe. Place in a pastry bag with a small plain tip.nUsing a long serrated knife, cut the eclairs partly open starting at one end and cutting halfway through to the middle of the eclair. Using a clean pastry bag, pipe the custard filling onto the eclair starting to fill in the uncut end then moving down to the cut end.nWith the piping ganache, pipe a top and bottom row of teeth along the cut edge. Pipe a strip of green frosting on the top to make his back. With the chocolate ganache, pipe 2 eyes on the top of the eclair, 2 nostrils, and some wiggley, scaly looking lines like eyebrows over the eyes., ingredients: [1 cup water, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons granulated sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 to 4 eggs, plus 1, 2 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 6 egg yolks, 23 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 12 cup milk, 1 tube green frosting], title: Alligator Eclairs, picturelink: null}, 2170: {instructions: Combine the citrus fruit with the sugar in a glass pitcher. Muddle the fruit with a wooden spoon or muddler until all the juice has been extracted from the fruit. Add 4 cups of water. Mix well and pour over ice filled glasses. Add citrus vodka, if desired., ingredients: [1 orange, sliced, 1 lime, sliced, 1 lemon, sliced, 12 cup sugar, 4 cups water, 6 ounces citrus vodka, optional], title: Citrus Orchard Cooler, picturelink: null}, 2171: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil and lemon juice until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSalad: Using a small paring knife, remove the outer leaves from the Brussels sprouts. Reserve the cores for another use. Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the Brussels sprout leaves and cook for 1 minute. Drain and put in a bowl of iced water, then transfer to a colander to drain. Put the Brussels sprout leaves, arugula, endive, and almonds into a large salad bowl. Add the dressing and toss together. Sprinkle with the cheese and serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly lemon juice from 1 large lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, 2 cups baby arugula, 1 head Belgian endive, cut into 12inch pieces, 13 cup sliced almonds, toasted see Cooks Note, 13 cup grated Pecorino Romano], title: Brussels SproutLeaf Salad, picturelink: TD2wUsuhL05k3kJkdIwMeFtQm0m9YK}, 2172: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace sausage rings on a baking sheet and liberally drizzle extravirgin olive oil down over them. Place in hot oven and roast until casings are crisp and juices run clear, somewhere between 15 and 20 minutes. Remove from oven to rest sausages switch on broiler.nWhile sausages roast, heat a skillet over medium heat with 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil and sliced garlic. Simmer garlic in extravirgin olive oil 2 to 3 minutes then add peppers and onions. Turn the heat up a notch, and cook until the vegetables are tender but the peppers still hold strong color, 5 to 6 minutes. Add thinned tomato sauce, salt, and pepper and reduce. Turn heat back to low and hold the veggies until the sausage comes out of the oven, a couple of minutes.nToast the split bread, remove from oven, rub with cracked garlic, liberally drizzle with extravirgin olive oil, and cover with cheese and lots of black pepper. Return to the broiler to brown cheese, 1 minute. Scatter parsley over the bread.nCut bread into chunks and pile with peppers and onions then sausages. The bread will soak in the juices as you work through the sausage, peppers and onions., ingredients: [2 12 pounds thin Italian sausage the kind sold in swirl shapes, each swirl will weigh 1 14pounds or so hot and sweet varieties, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling plus 3 tablespoons, 3 turns of the pan, 4 cloves garlic, 3 thinly sliced, 1 cracked from skin, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced 12inch thick, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and cut into 12inch slices, 1 large onion, 12inch slices, 14 cup tomato sauce, thinned out with water, Salt and pepper, 1 loaf crusty semolina bread, split, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Coarse black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, a rounded palm full], title: Roasted Sausages, Peppers, and Onions and Cheesy Bread with Black Pepper, picturelink: bwTraDjMsEEm2.4mnCErSN3EPGzToj2}, 2173: {instructions: Whisk together the mayonnaise with the cilantro in a small bowl.nHeat a grill pan or flattop grill to mediumhigh heat.nPlace the hoagie rolls on the grill and toast until golden brown. Spread the cilantromayonnaise mixture on the cut sides of the top and bottom buns. Next, spread half an avocado on each bun top.nPut the onions on the grill with a little oil and cook until charred remove and set aside. Making sure the grill is hot in order to achieve a nice sear on the meat, add the rib eye with the remaining canola oil and top with the seasoned salt. Using a spatula, chop the rib eye into small pieces. Add your onions back to the meat mixture and cook until the rib eye browns.nPlace the cheese over the rib eye and onion mixture and cover until the cheese melts. Divide among the toasted hoagies and finish with 2 slices of tomatoes and a layer of sliced jalapenos on each.nEnjoy, ingredients: [12 cup wholeegg mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Four 8inch hoagie or Italian rolls, sliced in half, 2 medium avocados, sliced, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 14 cup canola oil, 1 pound rib eye steak, sliced, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, 8 slices pepperJack cheese, 4 large slices tomatoes, halved, 12 cup pickled sliced jalapenos], title: Psycho Tibey Cheesesteak, picturelink: 3sTqaoRB1Cqx1Ok8NJFwXkBVdkxY4Iu}, 2174: {instructions: Preferably using a castiron skillet, brown the turkey in the oil for 2 12 to 3 minutes. Add all the ingredients except the vegetables and chicken stock, and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the vegetables and stock, and cook for approximately 5 to 10 minutes. Adjust seasoning to taste, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound ground turkey, 1 12 tablespoons cooking oil, 1 tablespoon paprika, 34 tablespoon cumin, 2 large cloves garlic, sliced, 34 tablespoon salt, 34 tablespoon black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 34 tablespoon dried leaf oregano, 4 tablespoons coarsely chopped sweet white onions, 4 tablespoons coarsely chopped green chilies, 1 14 ounce can whole stewed tomatoes, 2 whole chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 1 cup fresh corn, 1 cup finely chopped zucchini, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Turkey Chili, picturelink: null}, 2175: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMeasure the oatmeal, hazelnuts, granola, and salt together in a cereal bowl. Pour the water and honey over the mixture, stir, and set aside to soak for 12 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, toss the strawberries, raspberries, and sugar together in another bowl and allow to macerate while the muesli is soaking. When ready to eat, divide the muesli between 2 bowls divide the berries between the oat mixtures and stir in. Serve at room temperature with a dollop of yogurt on top., ingredients: [13 cup quickcooking oatmeal recommended: McCanns, 1 12 tablespoons coarsely chopped toasted hazelnuts, 2 tablespoons granola with raisins, Pinch kosher salt, 13 cup hottest tap water, 1 tablespoon honey, 4 large ripe strawberries, hulled and sliced, 6 to 8 fresh raspberries, 2 teaspoons sugar, Greek yogurt recommended: Fage Total, for serving], title: Homemade Muesli with Red Berries, picturelink: L5UfQbsXubEJGT02UROjB9cm1QQ4cu}, 2176: {instructions: For the dressing: Combine the chile, sugar, water, and soy sauce and mix well. Set aside.nPeel the outer purple layer of the banana blossom until you reach the heart of the blossom, which should be opaque in color. Reserve one purple leaf along with the small young undeveloped baby bananas.nBegin to slice the opaque banana blossom transferring it into a bowl of water mixed with 1 tablespoon vinegar to stop the sliced blossom from discoloring. Soak and drain.nAdd the deepfrying oil into a wok or deep fry pan and bring to 320 degrees F 160 degrees C.nDust each baby banana with potato starch and flash fry them until crisp. Transfer to a kitchen paperlined tray.nOnce completed, flash fry the tofu skin until crisp and transfer to a kitchen paperlined tray.nIn a mixing bowl, add the sliced banana blossom, bean sprout, fried baby banana, fried tofu skin, sesame seeds, fried shallots, Vietnamese mint, and 3 tablespoons soy dressing. Toss well.nPlace the reserved purple leaf into a serving bowl with the pointy end sticking out.nTransfer the salad onto the leaf then garnish with more tofu skin and chile., ingredients: [1 birds eye chile, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons warm water, 3 teaspoons pineapple juice, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 banana blossom, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 9 ounces250 g potato starch, 1 sheet tofu skin, sliced into 34inch2 cm lengths, 1 handful bean sprouts, roots plucked, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon fried Asian shallots, 1 handful plucked Vietnamese mint leaves, 1 long chile, julienned], title: Banana Blossom Salad with Tofu Skin: Goi Bap Chuoi Tau Hu Ky, picturelink: null}, 2177: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F.nPat duck breasts dry. Lightly prick duck skin surface several times with a fork to help fat cook out. In a small bowl, combine salt with the other seasonings and season the duck. Insert a popup thermometer at an angle, in the thickest part of the breast. Place duck in preheated oven and turn down heat to 375 degrees F. Roast for about 25 minutes, until internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, stir together glaze ingredients. About 10 to 15 minutes before duck is done, pour glaze over duck and finish cooking.nLet duck rest, tented with foil for 5 to 10 minutes before carving., ingredients: [4 duck breasts, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup orange marmalade, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier], title: Orange Glazed Duck, picturelink: RAa3MCSHfudj5mc8L6pEgXxnJ.poku.}, 2178: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the drumettes and chicken legs into separate shallow dishes and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes and 2 rosemary sprigs to each dish. Drain the pears and save the juice and pears. Reserve 2 tablespoons juice for the salad dressing. Pour the remaining juice from 1 can of pears over each dish and toss to coat evenly. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.nMake the dressing by whisking together the reserved 2 tablespoons pear juice, lime juice, olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nWhen you are ready to fry the chicken, heat an inch of canola oil over mediumhigh heat in a heavy skillet to 350 degrees F. Put the flour into a shallow dish and season it well with cayenne, salt and pepper. Remove the chicken from the marinade, reserving the marinade. Pat the chicken dry and coat with the flour mixture. Let them rest on a plate while the oil gets hot. Fry the chicken in batches. Drain them on paper towels and keep warm.nWhile the chicken is cooking, add the marinade to a medium pot. Pick out the rosemary sprigs, add the shallots and bring to a boil. Cook until the marinade has reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the pears and cook until they are hot. Pour the mixture into a blender, add the cranberry jelly and butter, and puree carefully as it is hot. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. The mixture should be thick but pourable. If it is too thin, put it back into the pan and reduce it a bit.nPour some of the spicy pear sauce onto a plate and place the chicken legs or drummettes on top. Toss the arugula with the dressing and put a small pile onto each plate., ingredients: [16 chicken drumettes, 8 chicken legs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, Two 15ounce cans sliced or halved pears in pear juice, Juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Canola oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Cayenne pepper, 1 shallot, finely chopped, Half a 15ounce can cranberry jelly, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Arugula, for serving], title: Crispy Chicken with Spicy Pear Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: viCy5szUJXK9.FWAZE7OSPfCRdaOQ6q}, 2179: {instructions: Set the tuna steaks in a glass or porcelain dish. Blend 2 tab. olive oil, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, ginger and dried pepper flakes. Add tuna steaks and marinate for as long as possible.nMeanwhile in a glass bowl combine the orange and lemon juice, cumin, 2 tab olive oil and orange supremes.nBroil or grill tuna for 3 minutes a side you want the tuna rare. Cut it into thin strips and set over couscous garnish with oranges and fresh mint., ingredients: [Rehydrated couscous for 4 servings, 4 individual 1inch thick fresh tuna steaks, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 18 teaspoon dried red flakes, 13 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon toasted ground cumin, 4 oranges, cut into supremes, Chopped fresh mint, Salt and pepper], title: Tuna with Citrus Vinaigrette Over Couscous, picturelink: null}, 2180: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCoat hands and work surface with a little cornmeal or flour. Using your hand or a rolling pin, form a 14inch round pizza. Place pizza on a baking sheet or pizza stone and poke the top with a few holes. Drizzle a little bit of extravirgin olive oil down over the dough and place in oven. Bake 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat a deep skillet over mediumhigh heat with 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil. Add meat and break it up with a wooden spoon. To browned meat, add garlic and onions, then season with salt and pepper. Cook together 5 to 6 minutes then add parsley, red pepper flakes, oregano and the tomatoes to the pan. Heat the sauce through.nRemove pizza from oven after 10 minutes and top with sauce and cheeses. Return to oven and bake until golden and bubbly, another 10 to12 minutes. Top the pizza with basil, cut and serve., ingredients: [1 store bought pizza dough, Cornmeal or flour, for dough, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil 2 turns of the pan plus a drizzle, 1 pound ground chicken, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small onion, chopped, Salt and pepper, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, Couple pinches crushed red pepper flakes, Couple pinches dried oregano, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 12 cups shredded provolone, 5 to 6 leaves basil, torn or shredded], title: Chicken Parm Pizza, picturelink: JEa0CHOsFj952vzpNAkhFbDjdCMZRRi}, 2181: {instructions: In a bowl let the cherries soak in the vinegars for 30 minutes. While the cherries are soaking, in a heavy skillet cook the shallots and the onions in the butter, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes, or until the shallot is soft. Sprinkle the mixture with the sugar and cook the mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes. Add the cherries with the soaking liquid, simmer the mixture, uncovered, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until almost all the liquid is evaporated, and season the confit with salt and pepper. The confit may be made 1 day in advance, kept covered and chilled, and reheated., ingredients: [1 12 cups dried sour cherries about 12 pound, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 cups thinly sliced shallot about 12 pound, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons sugar], title: Dried Cherry and Shallot Confit, picturelink: null}, 2182: {instructions: For the hummus: Set the peanuts on a baking sheet lined with paper towels and allow to air dry for 30 minutes.nTransfer to a clean kitchen towel and roll the peanuts around while applying light pressure with the palm of your hand. This will remove some of the skins off of the peanuts.nPlace the peanuts, lemon juice, tahini, parsley, coriander, cumin, paprika and garlic in a food processor. Process for 1 minute and then, with the motor still running, slowly drizzle in the olive oil. The hummus should have a smooth, loosely spreadable consistency. Adjust with a tablespoon of hot water if needed. Season with salt and pepper and transfer to your serving bowl of choice. Garnish with a drizzle of olive oil, the crumbled bacon and feta cheese.nFor the toast: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lay your thinly sliced bread pieces on a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with the Parmesan. Bake until golden brown and fully crisped, 5 to 8 minutes. Serve alongside your delicious hummus, ingredients: [2 cups shelled boiled peanuts, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 tablespoons tahini, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 small clove fresh garlic, 4 tablespoons goodquality olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and fresh cracked pepper, as needed, 14 cup cooked quality country bacon such as Bentons or Broadbent, chopped fine, for garnish, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, for garnish, 1 loaf kalamata olive bread or baguette, thinly sliced, Olive oil, for drizzling, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan], title: Boiled Peanut Hummus with Country Bacon and Feta Cheese, picturelink: null}, 2183: {instructions: Roll out the pastry 18inch thick on a lightly floured surface, cut out two 7inch rounds, and transfer them to a baking sheet. Peel, halve lengthwise, and core the apple, slice it thin crosswise, and arrange the slices, overlapping them slightly, on the pastry rounds. In a small bowl stir together the sugar and the cinnamon, sprinkle the mixture evenly over the apples, and dot the tarts with the butter. Bake the tarts in the middle of a preheated 400 degree oven for 25 minutes, or until the pastry is golden brown. Transfer the tarts to a rack, brush them with the jam and serve them warm with ice cream., ingredients: [1 sheet 12 pound frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 Granny Smith apple, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 2 tablespoons apricot jam, heated and strained, Vanilla ice cream or whipped cream as an accompaniment], title: Apple Tarts, picturelink: null}, 2184: {instructions: For the jambalaya: In a large stockpot or Dutch oven, cook the bacon until crisp and set aside. Cook the sausage in the bacon drippings until lightly browned. Stir in the black beans, tomato sauce, chiles, onion powder, Italian seasoning, carrots and some black pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for 45 minutes. Stir occasionally.nFor the wild rice: Meanwhile, bring the chicken stock to a boil in a saucepan and add the rice, bay leaf and hot sauce. Reduce to a simmer, cover and simmer for 45 minutes. Turn off the heat and let steam for 5 minutes. Remove the lid and fluff. Remove the bay leaf before serving.nCrumble the bacon and sprinkle on top of the jambalaya before serving. Serve over the wild rice., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, cut in half, 1 to 1 12 pounds kielbasa sausage, thinly sliced, Two 15.5ounce cans black beans with juice, Two 8ounce cans tomato sauce, One 4ounce can green chiles, 1 12 teaspoons onion powder, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 2 medium carrots, shredded, Black pepper, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 cup wild rice, 1 bay leaf, Hot sauce, to taste], title: Tennessee Jambalaya, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 2185: {instructions: 1. For the dough: In a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the eggs, granulated sugar, and salt. Combine the warm milk and margarine and add to the egg mixture. While mixing slowly, gradually add 4 cups of the flour beat to combine. Add the yeast and mix thoroughly. Add the remaining 4 cups flour and mix on medium speed for about 7 minutes to make a soft dough.n2. Turn the dough out of the bowl. Knead briefly and form into a ball. Put the dough in a lightly oiled bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 hour.n3. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.n4. For the filling: Turn the dough onto a work surface and roll into a 1 12 by 2foot rectangle. Spread the margarine over the dough and sprinkle the entire surface with the brown sugar, cinnamon, and chopped pecans. Roll the dough up into a cylinder starting with a long edge, and then cut into 12 slices. Lay the slices in an oiled baking pan and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Let cool.n5. For the icing: Whisk the confectioners sugar, salt, and almond extract together in a large bowl. Whisk in a tablespoon of margarine at a time until combined. This will look a little crumbly. Slowly whisk in the milk to make a thick glaze. Drizzle the glaze over the rolls set aside for a couple minutes for the glaze to set. Serve., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar 6 ounces, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups lukewarm milk, 12 cup 4 ounces margarine, at room temperature, 8 cups allpurpose flour, divided, 2 tablespoons active dry yeast, Oil, for brushing, 12 cup 4 ounces margarine, at room temperature, 2 cups brown sugar, 3 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup pecans, chopped, 4 cups confectioners sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 tablespoon almond extract, 12 cup 4 ounces margarine, at room temperature, 13 cup milk], title: BlueRibbon Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: null}, 2186: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Heat the oil add the garlic and ginger and cook, stirring, until fragrant. Add the curry paste and continue to cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes more. Whisk the broth with all the aromatics in the pan then pour the liquid into a slow cooker. Whisk the yogurt into the liquid.nSeason the chicken all over with salt and pepper. Add the chicken, lentils and remaining salt to the slow cooker. Cover and cook on HIGH for 6 hours, adding cauliflower and chickpeas about half way through cooking.nDivide curry evenly into bowls and scatter freshly torn mint or cilantro on top. Serve with a wedge of lemon., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 2inch piece fresh ginger, minced, 13 to 12 cup prepared South Asian curry paste recommended: Patak, 3 cups chicken broth, lowsodium canned, or homemade, 2 cups whole milk plain yogurt, 6 bonein skinless chicken thighs, about 2 14 pounds, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 1 pound bag red lentils, picked over 2 14 cups, 1 head cauliflower, broken into large florets, 2 16ounce cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 bunch fresh mint or cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 lemon, cut in wedges], title: Slow Cooked Curried Chicken with Cauliflower, picturelink: F1K4kpHUJTyy6Rpm56lV5qannPuPxuC}, 2187: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the peaches and plums snugly in a single layer, cut side up, in 2 glass or porcelain ovenproof baking dishes. Sprinkle with the sugar, and then top with the raspberries. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until tender.nHeat the broiler and place the fruit about 5 inches below the heat and broil for 5 to 8 minutes, until the berries release some of their juices.nRemove from the broiler and sprinkle with orange juice. Serve warm, at room temperature, or chilled., ingredients: [6 peaches, pitted and cut into quarters or eighths, 6 plums or Italian prune plums, pitted and quartered or halved, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups fresh raspberries, 2 tablespoons orange juice], title: OvenRoasted Fruit, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 2188: {instructions: If using fresh figs proceed to the preheat instructions. If using dried figs, place a small pan of water on stove and bring to a simmer. Add figs and plump them in water for 5 minutes. Drain and cool.nPreheat griddle or grill pan over medium to high heat.nCut chicken into large chunks: cut a tenderloin in half or cut a thigh into 3 chunks. Drizzle chicken with balsamic and oil and toss to coat. Wash hands and season chicken with salt and pepper.nPlace a half fig on each piece of chicken and wrap with 1 slice of pancetta. Skewer to secure and place on grill. Wash hands again. Grill chicken bites 4 to 5 minutes on each side., ingredients: [12 fresh or dried figs, split, 2 pounds chicken breast tenderloins or boneless, skinless chicken thighs, A drizzle balsamic vinegar, A drizzle extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 24 slices pancetta, available at deli counter, 1 package 3 or 4inch wooden party picks], title: Chicken, Fig, and Pancetta Bites, picturelink: 4LxqyFVj8GGsKSx7z27DNbCBMFC0zW}, 2189: {instructions: First rub the rock salt into the chicken pieces and then wash the chicken in the white wine vinegar and water. Leave for 10 minutes. Rinse and dry and place onto a clean plate.nIn a large bowl, mix the olive oil, coriander, cinnamon, saffron, fine salt, 12 the onions, garlic, cumin, ginger, paprika, turmeric. Mix all these ingredients into the oil and crush the garlic and add a little water to make a paste.nRoll the chicken pieces into the marinade and leave for 10 to 15 minutes.nFor cooking, use a tagine traditional Moroccan dish or a deep, heavy bottom casserole dish. Heat the dish up and add 2 tablespoons of olive oil to the hot dish. Drop in the chicken and pour over the excess marinade juices. Add the remaining onions, gizzards, chicken livers, olives, and chopped preserved lemons no pulp.nCook in medium hot oven 350 degrees F for 45 minutes.nServe with fresh bread., ingredients: [Rock salt, 1 whole large chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon real saffron, Pinch fine salt, 12 pound onions, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 14 pound gizzards, optional, 14 pound chicken liver, optional, 14 cup mixed olives, pitted, 3 small preserved lemons], title: Chicken Tagine with Olives and Preserved Lemons, picturelink: null}, 2190: {instructions: Special equipment: electric mixer, dessert bowls or martini glassesnFor the blueberry mash: Measure out 12 cup of the blueberries and reserve for garnish. Combine the remaining blueberries with the granulated sugar and lemon zest and juice in a bowl. With a potato masher, crush the berries and set aside for 5 minutes.nFor the whipped cream: Whip the cream with an electric mixer until foamy. Add the powdered sugar and vanilla bean paste and whip to soft peaks. Set aside.nFor the cheesecake filling: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add the cream cheese, lemon curd and lemon zest and juice and mix until combined. Fold half of the whipped cream into the cream cheese mixture. Save the remaining whipped cream for assembly.nTo assemble: In each dessert bowl or martini glass, add a layer of cheesecake filling, blueberry mash, crushed cookies and lemon curd. Repeat until each glass is filled, then top with a dollop of the reserved whipped cream. Garnish with the remaining crushed cookies, a few of the reserved blueberries and more lemon zest., ingredients: [2 pints blueberries, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon zest plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 pint 2 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla bean paste, One 8ounce block cream cheese, softened, 1 cup prepared lemon curd, Zest of 1 lemon plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 10 to 12 amaretti cookies, crushed, 2 cups prepared lemon curd, Lemon zest, for garnish], title: Lemon Blueberry Cheesecake, picturelink: eJPKCf6K9Ek1.P0bgSFuzlU.x7FjEC}, 2191: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut a 10inch cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the onions and cook until they are soft and beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Remove the onions from the pan onto a plate. Leave the remaining oil in the pan.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the baking mix, cornmeal, sugar, baking soda, salt, and cayenne. In another bowl, whisk together the eggs and milk. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir until combined. Fold in the reserved onions and the jalapeno. Pour the batter into the skillet the onions were cooked in and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Reserve 2 pieces cornbread for the Online Round 2 Recipe Pork and Cornbread Bites., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 cup baking mix, 2 cups cornmeal, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 large eggs, 2 cups milk, 1 jalapeno, finely chopped], title: Sweet and Spicy Cornbread, picturelink: Du.Lm6tbOasQJtVKM4WfHVbLRi3DcJS}, 2192: {instructions: Combine 1 bunch sliced celery, 1 teaspoon salt, and water to cover in a medium skillet. Bring to a boil reduce the heat to medium low and cook until most of the liquid is absorbed. Push the celery to one side of the skillet. Add 2 tablespoons each butter and flour and 14 teaspoon each nutmeg and pepper to the other side cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Add 2 cups milk cook, stirring all of the ingredients together, until creamy. Season with salt and pepper. Mix 12 cup breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons grated parmesan, 3 chopped scallions and 2 tablespoons chopped parsley sprinkle over the celery mixture and broil until golden.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Celery Gratin, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 2193: {instructions: Sift the flour, yeast, salt, and sugar together. Make a well in the middle of the dry mixture. Pour in the lukewarm water. Mix by hand on a floured work surface until the dough comes together. Then knead the dough for 10 to 15 minutes until smooth and the dough bounces back when you push into it. Drizzle the dough with olive oil and place in a warm spot covered with a damp towel. Let rise until the dough doubles in size depending on the temperature, it could take 30 minutes to 1 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F and lay a baking tray in the oven to heat.nOnce the dough has doubled in size, cut the dough into 10 to 12 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and then flatten each using a rolling pin. Use flour on the work surface so that it doesnt stick. Place 3 to 4 flattened pita on the hot tray and close the oven door immediately. Bake until puffed up, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 ounce 7g package active dry yeast, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 12 cups lukewarm water, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Lebanese Pita, picturelink: null}, 2194: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIf its convenient, set the serving plates to warm in a low oven 175 degrees F as you prepare the fish.nFor the sauce, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and thyme and cook them briefly until lightly browned. Add the cream, bring it to a boil and reduce quickly by half. Add the remaining 10 tablespoons butter gradually, pat by pat, whisking until incorporated. When the sauce is smooth and thick, discard the garlic and thyme and add the chives, sherry vinegar, tarragon and salt and pepper to taste.nHeat two large castiron skillets over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle both sides of the fish with salt and pepper and dust the skin sides with the flour. When the pans are hot, add enough canola oil to thinly coat the bottom of each and add a fish to each pan, skinside down. Cook until the skins turn golden brown and opaque doneness creeps into the pink flesh of the fish. You want to cook the fish nearly all the way through on the skin side. Flip the fish and transfer them to a plate to keep warm in the oven. Cook the remaining fish.nPour 3 to 4 tablespoons of sauce onto each warm plate, top with a trout, skin side pointing up, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 10 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pats, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 12 tablespoons chopped chives, 2 teaspoons sherry or white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon minced fresh tarragon, Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 rainbow trout about 34 pound each, butterflied and backbone removed, Instant flour, such as Wondra, or cake flour, for dusting fish, Canola oil, for coating pans], title: Crispy Trout with Kitchen Butter Sauce, picturelink: hz5cJWba2BBZMIilGC7IEmUZ2FVzjV6}, 2195: {instructions: Add the potatoes to a large pot of cold water. Season with salt and bring to a boil. Simmer until tender, about 15 minutes.nHeat the olive oil in a large pot. Add the onions and saute until tender and just golden. Add the milk to heat and season with salt and pepper.nDrain the potatoes well in a colander. Add them back to the pot you cooked them in and mash until smooth. Fold in the hot milk and onions, extravirgin olive oil and chopped parsley., ingredients: [5 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cubed, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 small yellow onion, minced, 2 cups whole milk, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 2196: {instructions: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard cupcake or muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners.nCombine the flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a small bowl and set aside. Combine the granulated sugar and butter in the bowl of stand mixer with a paddle attachment and mix on medium speed until creamy. While the mixer is running, add the eggs and yolks one at a time, thoroughly mixing after each egg. Alternate adding the flour mixture and sour cream, ending with the flour. Add the coconut milk and coconut extract and mix on medium speed until the ingredients are all fully incorporated.nFill the liners threequarters full with the batter and bake until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely before frosting.nFor the blueberry filling: In a small bowl, mix together 14 cup water and the cornstarch. In a small saucepan, combine the blueberries, granulated sugar, lemon juice and the cornstarch mixture. Mash the ingredients together with a potato masher, strain through a sieve and return the strained portion to the saucepan. Cook on medium heat, stirring constantly, until bubbling and thickened, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool completely.nFor the coconut cream cheese frosting: Beat the butter in a stand mixer or with a hand mixer until creamy. Add the cream cheese and continue to beat until fully combined and smooth. Add the confectioners sugar, heavy cream, coconut extract, coconut milk and salt and mix until light and fluffy and piping consistency.nTo assemble: Cut out a hole in each cupcake and fill with some of the blueberry filling. Frost with the coconut cream cheese frosting., ingredients: [1 14 cups cake flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks salted butter, softened, 2 eggs plus 2 egg yolks, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup coconut milk, 1 tablespoon coconut extract, 1 heaping tablespoon cornstarch, 34 cup fresh blueberries, 14 cup granulated sugar, Juice from 12 lemon, 8 ounces 2 sticks salted butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon coconut extract, 1 tablespoon coconut milk, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Something Old and Something Blue, picturelink: null}, 2197: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 piping bagsnFor the cream puffs: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nWhisk the flour and salt in a small bowl.nPut the butter and water in a medium saucepan over medium heat. When the water begins to boil and the butter is melted, add the flour mixture all at once and stir constantly with a wooden spoon until the mixture forms a ball and pulls away from the sides of the pot, about 3 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and cool the dough until it is no longer steaming, at least 5 minutes.nUsing a wooden spoon, beat the eggs into the dough, one at a time. Once all the eggs are incorporated, put the dough in a piping bag. Cut the tip of the piping bag about 12inch from the point. Pipe 16 equalsize mounds of dough onto the prepared baking sheet, leaving about 1 inch between each mound.nBake for 10 minutes. Lower the heat to 350 degrees F and bake for another 30 minutes. Cool on a wire rack. Cut the cooled cream puffs in half horizontally.nFor the Chantilly cream: Put the cream in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Begin whisking on medium speed. Slowly add the 14 cup confectioners sugar, then whisk until stiff peaks form. Turn the mixer to low speed and slowly add the RumChata until combined.nTo assemble: Put the Chantilly cream in a pastry bag and cut the tip about 1 inch from the point. Pipe some Chantilly cream into bottom halves of the cream puffs and top with the top halves. Dust with confectioners sugar and serve., ingredients: [1 cup bread flour, Pinch fine salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup water, 5 eggs, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, plus 3 tablespoons for dusting, 3 tablespoons RumChata], title: Cream Puffs with RumChata Chantilly Cream, picturelink: null}, 2198: {instructions: Heat butter and garlic in a 4quart stock pot over medium heat. Saute garlic until golden then incorporate flour. Work it together with a wire wisk in order to create a paste, or roux. When fully combined, add chicken stock, stirring constantly to avoid lumps. Once the base of the sauce is finished, simmer on medium heat for 15 minutes to allow for sauce to thicken. Once the sauce has come to a gravylike consistency, season with salt and freshly ground pepper and set aside.nRemove the skin from the chicken thighs and carefully shred the meat into bitesized pieces. Fold the chicken, garlic and vegetables into the chicken gravy and finish with chopped herbs. Season the mixture once again with salt and pepper, and hold in a warm place until ready to serve. For the crust, preheat the oven to 375 degrees. The crust is a commercial puffed pastry cut to the size of the bowl you wish to use. To cut the pastry, simply turn the bowl upside down onto the puffed pastry and cut along the edge of the bowl with a sharp knife. Place 4 round crusts on a cookie sheet and bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until the dough puffs up and has a golden brown color. When ready to serve, fill each bowl with the pot pie mix and garnish with a puffed pastry crust and fresh herbs., ingredients: [15 chicken thighs, roasted with skin on, 2 quarts chicken stock, 1 12 cups flour, 1 stick butter, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped, 3 cups carrots, chopped and cooked, 3 cups peas, blanched, 3 cups pearl onions, cooked, 14 cup parsley, chopped, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Salt and flesh ground pepper], title: Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 2199: {instructions: Add the olive oil to a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, add the garlic, green onions and yellow squash. Cook until soft and beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and continue to saute until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the rice. Add the broth, bring to a simmer and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Cover with a lid and cook until the rice is tender and the liquid has been absorbed, about 35 minutes. Turn off the heat and let the rice sit for 10 minutes longer.nRemove the lid and fluff the rice with a fork. Stir in the cilantro and mint., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 3 green onions, diced, 2 yellow squash, sliced into half moons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups longgrain brown rice, 3 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint], title: Summer Squash and Green Rice, picturelink: XoEXkX0Ag29PU07vl9n1YmqdooRtMoe}, 2200: {instructions: Special equipment: a hot campfire with a grill grate or an oven preheated to 375 degrees FnFor the vegetable and goat cheese quesadillas: Add the butter to a skillet with the mushrooms, onions, bell peppers and some salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until caramelized, 15 to 20 minutes.nTo build the quesadillas, spread one side of the tortillas with a little softened butter and place butteredside down on individual heavyduty foil squares. Top with a mixture of the Cheddar, Monterey Jack and goat cheese, sprinkle on a few jalapenos and then add some of the sauteed vegetables. Fold in half and seal into individual foil parcels. Cook on a hot campfire grill until warmed through and the cheese is melted, 3 to 5 minutes.nFor the cheese quesadillas: To build the quesadillas, spread one side the tortillas with a little softened butter and place butteredside down on individual heavyduty foil squares. Top with a mixture of the Cheddar and Monterey Jack. Fold in half and seal into individual foil parcels. Cook on a hot campfire grill until warmed through and the cheese is melted, 3 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, plus softened butter, for buttering the tortillas, One 16ounce box white mushrooms, sliced, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 burritosize flour tortillas, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, 1 cup grated Monterey Jack, 4 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 14 cup jarred jalapeno slices, 8 burritosize flour tortillas, Softened butter, for buttering the tortillas, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, 1 cup grated Monterey Jack], title: Campfire Quesadillas, picturelink: 259jI4V2fEHQbV4EhZxTIqn7bds5NS}, 2201: {instructions: In large nonstick frying pan, melt butter and oil. Add onions and mushrooms and cook, covered, for about 3 to 7 minutes or until mushrooms start to soften. Remember, leave the lid on to keep it from drying out. When mushrooms have softened, add lemon juice along with seasonings and sour cream. Mix well. Add cooked pasta and heat thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper, if needed, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon oil, 2 large onions, chopped, 14 pound shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 14 pound oyster mushrooms, sliced, 14 pound chanterelle mushrooms, sliced, 14 pound morel mushrooms, Juice from 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 12 pint nonfat sour cream, 12 ounces cooked pasta, your favorite I prefer angel hair, 13 to 12 cup nuts, chopped], title: Mushroom Stroganoff, picturelink: null}, 2202: {instructions: Quarter the chicken. Place in plastic or glass container and cover with the Jerk Marinade, making sure all chicken pieces are coated. Marinate the chicken in the refrigerator for 12 to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the marinated chicken on a baking sheet and roast for 15 minutes. Remove the chicken from the oven and allow it to cool enough to handle. Season the warm chicken with salt  black pepper, then coat in buttermilk. Dip the chicken in flour and fry in 425degree F oil until a deep golden brown, turning frequently during the frying process.nCombine all ingredients in a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Store in a plastic or glass container placed in a cooler until needed., ingredients: [1 small frying chicken, Jerk Marinade, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Buttermilk, for coating, Flour, for coating, Canola oil, for frying, 14 cup ground allspice, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons rubbed sage, 1 12 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 cup salt, 12 cup garlic powder, 12 cup sugar, 34 cup olive oil, 34 cup soy sauce, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 limes, zested and juices, 3 Scotch bonnet peppers, stemmed, 3 Spanish onions, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, 2 bunches fresh scallion, chopped], title: Jerk Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 2203: {instructions: Grate all the cheeses and keep separated. Zest 23 lemon into goat gouda. Add smoked paprika and salt and pepper and blend.nBring shrimp stock or water to a boil. Add strozzapreti and tubetti pastas. Bring water back to a boil and cook about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain and set aside.nPeel fresh artichokes down to heart, removing choke. Boil artichokes to a softfirm about 20 minutes. Roast your artichoke hearts with lemon juice, salt, pepper, garlic, bay leaves and a splash of olive oil for 15 minutes in a preheated 350 degrees F oven. Chop artichokes into 1 12inch chunks and set aside.nRough chop and saute your pancetta in pan until just crispy on outside do not overcook.nFor the sauce:nStart by melting the butter. Then add a tablespoon all purpose flour and whisk together to create a roux. Add cream, then garlic granules, Spanish paprika, salt, red pepper flakes, cayenne, Italian seasoning and the juice of 12 lemon. Add your cheeses 1 at a time: first the melted Pata Cabra goat cheese, then your Humboldt fog and goat cheeses. Reserve 2 ounces of the Haystack for final garnish. Fold in egg whites. Blend until all cheese is melted. Add pancetta and artichokes. Now add your cooked pasta to mixture, making sure all the pasta is coated.nYou can cook for just a bit longer. Add salt, to taste, as needed. Place into small bowls and garnish with remaining goat cheese. Sprinkle sugar onto the cheese and brulee with a kitchen torch. Garnish with chives and serve., ingredients: [14 pound Humbolt Fog cheese Cypress Grove, 6 ounces goat cheese Colorado, divided recommended: Haystack Mountain Snowdrop, 12 pound goat cheese Italy recommended: Brunet, 14 pound mild semihard cheese recommended: Old Kentucky Tomme, 1 pound goat cheese Spain recommended: Pata Cabra, 5 ounces goat Gouda Holland recommended: Ballerina, 2 lemons, 2 teaspoons smoked hot paprika, Finely ground Mediterranean sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 quarts shrimp stock or water, 1 pound strozzapreti pasta, dry recommended: Montebello Organic, 1 pound tubetti lisci pasta, dry recommended: Pastificio Riscossa 64, 4 artichokes, 8 garlic cloves, peeled, 7 bay leaves, Olive oil, 14 pound pancetta, thickly sliced recommended: Golden Farms, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons garlic granules, 2 teaspoons Spanish paprika, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons crushed Italian seasoning, 3 egg whites, Sugar, Snipped fresh chives, Special equipment: kitchen torch], title: Mac N Cheese Study, picturelink: null}, 2204: {instructions: In a bowl, combine all ingredients. Place in refrigerator for up to 12 hours for flavor infusion.nServe with tortilla chips., ingredients: [6 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 2 seeded and minced jalapenos, plus 2 roasted, skinned and chopped jalapenos, 1 red bell pepper, fine dice, 12 red onion, fine chopped, 2 dry ancho chiles, seeded, cut into short strips and snipped into pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 lime, juiced, Chili powder, salt, and pepper, to taste, Fresh scallions, cilantro or parsley, to taste], title: Salsa, picturelink: T1QxLjbo1c4UUdGMaaIhAlt9RLgbAm}, 2205: {instructions: In a small glass bowl, combine yeast, warm water and sugar. Let stand for 8 to 10 minutes or until it is bubbly. Meanwhile in the bowl of a food processor, using the cutting blade, combine together the salt, 2 cups flour and cornmeal. Stir the bubbling yeast mixture. With the food processor running slowly add the yeast and the olive oil. Process until well combined and a ball forms, about 1 to 2 minutes. Using the remaining 14 cup of flour lightly dust a flat surface, knead the dough for about 2 minutes. Place dough into a lightly oiled bowl and cover with a damp towel. Let dough sit for approximately one hour and fifteen minutes or until it has doubled in size., ingredients: [1 package active dry yeast, 2 14 cups of flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup cornmeal, 34 cup warm water 110 to 115 degrees, 1 teaspoons salt, Pinch of sugar], title: Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 2206: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring rum and dried cherries to a simmer, cover and remove from heat. Let stand for 30 minutes.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together egg yolks, sugar and creme fraiche.nIn a 2 quart saucepan, let simmer for 5 minutes the condensed milk, heavy cream, black pepper and vanilla. Strain and chill.nStir the cherries into the chilled custard, discarding the rum. Pour into an ice cream maker and process according to manufacturers instructions.nPour the milk into a medium heavy saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the sugar and continue simmering 10 to 15 minutes or until reduced to 3 cups. Strain. Homemade condensed milk can be refrigerated up to a week., ingredients: [12 cup dark rum, 2 cups dried sour cherries, 16 egg yolks, 10 ounces granulated sugar, 4 cups creme fraiche or sour cream, 4 cups homemade condensed milk, recipe follows make recipe 1 12 times, 4 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 1 vanilla bean cut lengthwise, 6 cups nonfat milk, 5 tablespoons sugar], title: Sour Cherry and Black Pepper Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 2207: {instructions: Prepare the egg wash: Combine the yolks, whole egg, and milk in a small mixing bowl and whip with a hand whisk until well combined. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Flour the dough and table as needed to keep the dough from sticking to the table or the rolling pin. Place the dough on your work surface with a long side facing you. Use a pastry brush to coat the surface of the rectangle with some egg wash. Liberally sprinkle the ground almonds over the rectangle, followed by the salt and pepper. Use a sharp paring knife to cut the rectangle into ten 1inch wide strips. Next, cut each of these strips into three 4inchlong pieces. Flip each strip so that the almonds are on the bottom. Twist each strip by rolling each end in opposite directions. Always remember to twist so that the topping faces out that way you can see how they are flavored. Place the strips on a parchment papercovered baking sheet and bake until well risen and golden brown, about 20 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack before serving. These puff pastry items are best eaten the day they are made., ingredients: [2 large egg yolks, 1 large egg, 14 cup whole milk, Storebought puff pastry, rolled into 1 10 by 12inch rectangle, about 18inch thick, 12 cup ground blanched almonds, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Almond Twists, picturelink: null}, 2208: {instructions: Whisk 2 tablespoons each almond butter and sugar, 1 tablespoon softened butter, 1 egg yolk and 18 teaspoon almond extract. Spread on 2 pieces sandwich bread. Bake in a toaster oven at 400 degrees F until crusty on top, about 6 minutes. Top with blueberries or raspberries dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Berry Toast Tartlets, picturelink: ek7KkR9a8BUL0bNlh9iIov0SDjC1ju}, 2209: {instructions: Place the eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Place over high heat and bring to a boil. Boil the eggs for exactly 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit 10 more minute before draining. Run under cold water and peel the eggs immediately  the shell will come off much more easily while the eggs are still wet and warm.nUsing a box grater, grate the eggs on the shredder side into a bowl. Add the salmon, dill, capers, 14 cup of the mayonnaise, salt and pepper. Mix well.nLay out 7 slices of the bread and spread 14 cup of the egg salad onto each slice. Cover with the remaining bread slices. Trim the crust off of all the sandwiches and cut each sandwich crosswise into four triangles.nSpread the long side of each triangle with a little mayonnaise and dip each one into the chopped chives. Arrange decoratively on a platter., ingredients: [6 eggs, 2 ounces smoked salmon, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped dill, 2 teaspoons nonpareil capers, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 slices sturdy white sandwich bread, 14 cup chopped chives, for garnish], title: Smoked Salmon and Dill Egg Salad Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 2210: {instructions: Put ice cubes in a martini shaker. Pour in the tequila, the orange juice and a splash of pineapple juice. Shake and pour into a martini glass. Pour small amount of grenadine down the side of the glass so that it settles to the bottom. Garnish with an orange slice and serve., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1ounce tequila, 3 to 4 ounces orange juice, Splash pineapple juice, Dash grenadine, Orange slices, for garnish], title: San Diego Sunrise, picturelink: null}, 2211: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 12cup silicone mini muffin pannAdd the heavy cream to a small saucepan and warm it gently over medium heat until small bubbles form around the edges. Place the chopped chocolate in a medium bowl and pour the hot cream over the chocolate. Let sit for about 2 minutes, then stir with a whisk, working from the center of the bowl outwards, until the ganache mixture is smooth and well incorporated.nTo a 12cup silicone mini muffin pan, sprinkle 12 teaspoon Pop Rocks in each cup. Divide the ganache evenly among the cups and press the raspberries on top. Refrigerate until set, at least 2 hours.nJust before serving, unmold the tarts and sprinkle with a few of the gold stars., ingredients: [34 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces dark chocolate 70 percent, chopped fine, Three .33ounce packages cherry Pop Rocks, 12 raspberries, Mini gold stars, for garnish, optional], title: RaspberryCherry Chocolate Poppers, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 2212: {instructions: Mix 78 cup sugar with 3 tablespoons corn starch. Add to 1 pound and 14 ounces cream cheese and mix. Add 1 extra large egg and blend. Then add 12 cup heavy cream a little at a time and mix. Then add 34 teaspoons vanilla and mix.nAdd ingredients to well greased 7inch pan with sponge cake on bottom of pan. Bake at 450 degrees for approximately 40 to 45 minutes until top is golden brown. Cool for about 3 hours. To simplify removal from cake pan, allow to fully cool overnight if possible, then reheat in 200 degree oven for 1 or 2 minutes, turn cake upside down and the cake will just slide out., ingredients: [78 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 pound 14 ounces cream cheese, 1 extra large egg, 12 cup heavy cream, 34 teaspoon vanilla], title: Juniors Most Famous Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 2213: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat the chicken stock in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the barley and simmer until tender, about 8 to 10 minutes.nScoop the seeds from each squash half and place, cut sides up, in a microwavesafe baking dish. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and microwave on high for 5 minutes, or until flesh is tender.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add chicken, onion, green pepper and saute 3 minutes. Add sage, salt and pepper, to taste, and cooked barley and stir to coat. Cook, stirring constantly, until chicken is cooked through and mixture is wellcombined.nSpoon barley mixture into each halved squash. Transfer stuffed squash to a foillined baking sheet or a baking dish and top with goat cheese. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes, or until cheese is lightly browned., ingredients: [2 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 34 cup quick cooking barley, 2 acorn squash about 1 12 pounds each, halved crosswise and seeded, 2 teaspoons olive or vegetable oil, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut into small pieces, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 teaspoon dried sage, Salt and pepper, optional, 4 tablespoons crumbled herbed goat cheese], title: Stuffed Squash with Herbed Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 2214: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mist an 8inchsquare glass baking dish with cooking spray .nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a small bowl.nBeat the butter and cream cheese in a large bowl with a mixer at medium speed until fluffy. Add the brown sugar and beat 3 to 4 more minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla. Add the flour mixture and mix on low speed until just combined. Fold in the hazelnuts, coconut and chocolate chips with a wooden spoon.nSpread the batter in the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool 20 minutes in the pan before slicing., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 5 13 tablespoons 13 cup unsalted butter , at room temperature, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 cup chopped hazelnuts, 14 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 12 cup dark chocolate chips or chunks], title: Blondie with Dark Roots, picturelink: lghrUo.QT9WzA6KPfIOe4cT6lGNjvgS}, 2215: {instructions: Mix chicken salad with some sliced grapes and chopped walnuts. Spoon onto toasted mini wholewheat waffles., ingredients: [], title: Chicken and Waffles, picturelink: dvGTo250LMCXDnlimm3AUth4I1pNql.}, 2216: {instructions: In a large pan, cover okra with water, add butter, soda and baking powder. Bring to a boil and then simmer for approximately 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound okra, remove bottoms, 12 cup water, 1 12 tablespoons butter, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Mamas Stewed Okra, picturelink: null}, 2217: {instructions: Bring a tea kettle, with 3 cups of water, to a boil over medium heat.nIn a heatproof bowl add the sugar, ginger and tea bags. Pour in 3 cups of boiling water. Stir to dissolve the sugar and let the tea bags steep until the liquid is cool. Strain and pour into an 8 by 8inch metal cake pan and put it into the freezer. Check it after 45 minutes to 1 hour depending on your freezer. Stir with a fork breaking up any ice crystals that have formed. Put the pan back into the freezer and continue checking and forking every 45 minutes to 1 hour until you have a container of ice shards.nTo make orange cups, slice the oranges in half and carefully remove the flesh with a spoon, making sure to keep the rinds intact. In a small bowl, muddle the orange flesh to get out the juice, then strain and reserve it for the Rising Sun cocktail recipe. Slice a bit of the bottom of each orange half so that it can stand upright. Put the orange rinds into the freezer.nOnce the granita is completely frozen, divide it evenly among the 4 orange halves and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups water, 14 cup sugar, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, 4 green tea bags, 2 oranges], title: Green Tea and Ginger Granita, picturelink: null}, 2218: {instructions: Make the mustard vinaigrette: In a bowl, combine mustard, tarragon, sugar, vinegar, salt, and pepper and whisk well. While whisking, slowly drizzle in the oil. Drizzle until the oil is incorporated into the dressing. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Set aside.nPreheat a grill or grill pan.nBring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Add the whole garlic cloves and blanch for 1 12 minutes. Drain and thinly slice. Set aside.nUsing your fingers, gently separate the skin from the chicken breasts, making a pocket. Be sure to keep the skin attached to the chicken breast. Place a few blanched garlic slices and parsley leaves under the skin of the chicken breast. Pull the skin back over the breasts. Season the outside well with salt and pepper. Drizzle the breasts with 3 tablespoons of the olive oil.nPlace the chicken breasts on the grill, skinside down, and cook until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Turn the chicken and cook until cooked through and the juices run clear, about another 6 to 8 minutes depending on the thickness of the chicken breasts. Remove and set aside.nHeat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil and heat. Add the shallots and the chopped garlic and saute 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and saute until golden brown and cooked, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nSlice each chicken breast into 4 slices on the diagonal.nCombine the watercress and the chopped radicchio in a large bowl. Toss with desired amount of dressing. Place the whole radicchio leaves around the edges of 6 plates. Pile the watercress mixture in the center. Divide the mushrooms among the plates. Top each plate with the sliced chicken breast. Drizzle with a little more dressing., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leaves, Pinch sugar, 1 tablespoon sherry wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 15 cloves garlic, peeled, plus 1 tablespoon roughly chopped garlic, 3 small whole chicken breasts, boneless, skinon, 14 cup fresh Italian parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 12 pound mushrooms, such as shiitake, oyster, or cremini, cleaned and quartered, 3 bunches watercress, cleaned, 1 head radicchio, nice outer leaves saved whole, rest chopped into 12inch pieces], title: Watercress and Radicchio Salad with Barbecued Chicken Breast, picturelink: WvOWFf82K4GUKn7dzAMFBVgEjzj.95m}, 2219: {instructions: Whisk all ingredients together in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste.nCut haricots verts into 14inch pieces. Place the vinaigrette in a medium saute pan and heat over low heat. Add the haricots verts, tomatoes and shallots and cook until just heated through. Season with salt and pepper and fold in the chives.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Season both sides of the fish with salt and pepper, to taste. Combine flour and cornmeal in a medium shallow bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan until smoking. Dredge the fish on both sides in the flour mixture and tap off any excess. Saute fish on both sides until lightly golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Place in oven and bake for 3 to 4 minutes until just cooked through. Assembly: Drizzle some of the remaining vinaigrette over the plate. Place 1 fillet of the tile fish on top and spoon some of the warm green beantomato mixture over the fish. Garnish with fresh parsley.nTurned Potatoes: 3 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 tablespoons olive oil 4 potatoes, peeled and turned Salt and freshly ground pepper 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsleynHeat butter and oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes, season with salt and pepper and cook until golden brown and cooked through. Remove from heat and stir in parsley., ingredients: [14 cup sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoons soy sauce, 34 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 pound haricot verts, cooked in salted water until al dente and drained, 12 cup vinaigrette, 2 tomatoes, halved, seeded and finely diced, 2 shallots, finely sliced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup finely chopped chives, 4 tile fish fillets, about 6 ounces each, Salt and pepper, 1 cup flour, 14 cup yellow cornmeal, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Sauteed Tilefish with Haricots Verts and Tomato Vinaigrette and Turned Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 2220: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the crust: Put the graham crackers in a food processor and process until all the pieces are broken down to a sandlike consistency. Add the nuts and process until they are completely combined with the graham crackers. With the processor on, pour the butter in a slow steady stream, until the mixture looks bound together. Press the crust evenly into the bottom and a little up the sides of a 9inch springform pan. Set aside.nFor the filling: In a large bowl, mix together cream cheese, sugar, eggs, and yolks. Add cinnamon, flour, cloves, and ginger. Blend together. Add cream and vanilla, and blend well. At this point, reserve 14 cup of the mixture. Add the pumpkin and blend until the color is even.nPour the pumpkin filling into the prepared crust. Take the reserved mixture and create a design on top a swirl, or pour thin lines across, from top to bottom, then take a knife and working perpendicular to the lines of white filling, run the knife through in similarly spaced lines.nPlace on the middle rack of the oven and bake for 15 minutes. Reduce temperature to 275 degrees F and bake for 1 more hour. Cool, then chill in the fridge overnight.nServe with brandied whipped cream., ingredients: [2 packages honey graham crackers about 20 rectangles, 1 cup walnuts or pecans, 1 12 sticks butter, melted, 2 12 pounds cream cheese, 1 cup sugar, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 3 egg yolks, lightly beaten, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 15ounce can pumpkin, Heavy cream whipped with brandy, for serving], title: Pumpkin Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 2221: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the flour, yeast and salt in a large mixing bowl. Add the water and stir until combined. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and allow to sit at room temperature for 19 hours.nAfter 19 hours, turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Punch down the dough and turn it over onto itself a couple of times. Cover with a tea towel and allow to rest 15 minutes. After 15 minutes, shape the dough into a ball. Coat hands with flour, if needed, to prevent sticking. Sprinkle the tea towel with half of the cornmeal and lay the dough on top of it, with the seam side down. Sprinkle the top of the dough with the other half of the cornmeal and cover with the towel. Allow to rise for another 2 to 3 hours, or until the dough has doubled in size.nOven baking: While the dough is rising the second time, preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place a 4 to 5quart Dutch oven in the oven while it preheats. Once the dough is ready, carefully transfer it to the preheated Dutch oven. Cover and bake for 30 minutes. Remove the lid and bake until the bread reaches an internal temperature of 210 to 212 degrees F, another 15 minutes. Transfer the bread to a cooling rack and allow to cool at least 15 minutes before serving.nOutdoor coals: Heat charcoal in a chimney starter until ash covers all of the coals. Place 20 to 24 coals on a Dutch oven table. Place a cooling rack or other wire rack that is at least 2inches high directly over the coals. Set a 5quart Dutch oven on top of this rack and allow to preheat during the last 30 minutes of the second rise. Carefully transfer the dough to the Dutch oven and cover with the lid. Place 20 coals on top. Bake until the bread reaches an internal temperature of 210 to 212 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Transfer the bread to a cooling rack and allow to cool at least 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [17 12 ounces bread flour, plus extra for shaping, 14 teaspoon activedry yeast, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 ounces filtered water, 2 tablespoons cornmeal], title: Knead Not Sourdough, picturelink: 3KM7ChM891BAitZxNyXw8FBGkyVjnC}, 2222: {instructions: Make the shortcakes: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, turning occasionally, until crisp, 9 to 11 minutes drain on paper towels. Finely chop 2 slices of the bacon and roughly chop 4 slices set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Pulse the flour, baking powder, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Add the milk, vanilla and finely chopped bacon and pulse until the dough just comes together. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and pat into a 5by7 12inch rectangle.nCut out 6 rounds with a 2 12inch biscuit cutter arrange about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops lightly with milk and sprinkle with granulated sugar and the chopped peanuts. Bake until the shortcakes are puffed and golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the whipped cream: Beat the heavy cream, confectioners sugar, peanut butter and vanilla in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until soft peaks form refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the caramel: Combine the granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons water and the cream of tartar in a medium saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, swirling the pan occasionally but not stirring, until the mixture is light amber, about 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and carefully stir in the heavy cream and rum the mixture will bubble. Return to medium heat and simmer until slightly thickened, about 1 minute add the bananas and roughly chopped bacon.nSplit the shortcakes. Top with the banana mixture and peanut butter whipped cream.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [6 slices bacon, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 cup granulated sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, 34 cup whole milk, plus more for brushing, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons finely chopped roasted salted peanuts, 1 cup cold heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup granulated sugar, Pinch of cream of tartar or 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 4 bananas, thinly sliced], title: Bacon Shortcakes with Peanut Butter Whipped Cream, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 2223: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the stock to a boil, reduce heat to low, and keep at a bare simmer.nHeat the olive oil in a heavy 4quart saucepan over medium heat add leeks, onions, and garlic, and saute, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon, until soft but not browned, about 6 minutes. Add rice, and continue stirring until the edges of the rice are translucent, about 3 minutes. Add wine, and cook, stirring constantly, until nearly all the wine is absorbed, about 30 seconds.nRaise the heat to medium high. Add salt and pepper to taste, and about 12 cup of the simmering stock cook, stirring constantly, until nearly all the stock is absorbed. Continue adding stock, about 12 cup at a time adjust seasonings. Cook, stirring constantly, allowing each addition to be nearly absorbed before adding the next, until the rice is creamy but slightly firm in the center, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, fry the squash blossoms. Heat olive oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat until very hot, but not smoking. Prepare batter, by combining egg yolk, milk, flour, and 2 tablespoons cold water with a whisk. Dip each blossom in the batter and gently transfer to the hot oil. It will be necessary to do this in small batches. Fry until crispy and light brown, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. Roughly chop six of the cooked squash blossoms, and gently combine with the cooked rice. Divide the risotto among four plates, and garnish with the remaining fried whole squash blossoms. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cup homemade or canned lowsodium chicken broth, skimmed of fat, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus 1 cup for frying, 2 leeks, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 2 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 14 cups Arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 squash blossoms, 1 large egg yolk, 14 cup cold whole milk, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Coarsely chopped opal basil, for garnish, Freshly grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Risotto with Squash Blossoms, picturelink: null}, 2224: {instructions: Make the soup: Blend the peas and vegetable broth in a blender until very smooth. With the motor running, slowly pour in the olive oil in a steady stream to emulsify the mixture. Add half of the lemon juice, then chill the soup in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Season with salt and the remaining lemon juice before serving.nPrepare the crab: Whisk the olive oil, sambal oelek and lemon juice together in a bowl. Fold in the crabmeat and mint and season with a pinch of salt. Fill small cups or glasses about threequarters of the way with the chilled pea soup. Garnish each portion with 1 generous tablespoon of the spicy crab and serve immediately.nPhotograph by Linda Xiao, ingredients: [2 cups frozen peas, thawed, 1 14.5ounce can vegetable broth, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, Sea salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon sambal oelek Asian chili paste, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 cup fresh lump crabmeat, picked over, 14 bunch mint, finely chopped, Sea salt], title: Chilled Pea Soup with Spicy Crab, picturelink: kyWYO8WbGUzeoDgjvZT1Cbzqb94KKc2}, 2225: {instructions: For the bottom layer: Place 1 tablespoon of cashew or almond butter in the bottom of each of 4 shot glasses or ramekins and freeze about 1 hour.nFor the middle layer: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Remove the shot glasses from the freezer.nMix the chopped pear with the lemon juice, cinnamon, nutmeg and cardamom in a small bowl. Evenly distribute the mixture among the shot glasses.nFor the topping: Combine the oats, coconut flakes, almonds, cashews, honey and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Layer evenly on top of the pear mixture in each glass.nBake directly on the oven rack or on a baking sheet until bubbling slightly and beginning to brown, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons cashew or almond butter, 1 pear, cored and chopped, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cardamom, 12 cup rolled oats, 14 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, 2 tablespoons chopped almonds, 2 tablespoons chopped cashews, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Pear Almond Crisp Shot, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 2226: {instructions: Add toppings to pizza dough and bake in the lowest part of the oven for approximately 15 to 20 minutes or until dough is cooked through and golden.nIn a measuring cup, combine water and sugar. Dissolve dry yeast in warm water mixture. Set aside for about 5 minutes, allowing yeast to become active.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine 2 cups of flour and salt. Make a depression in the flour mixture and add oil and foamy yeast mixture. Mix dough ingredients until they stay together. Alternatively, place dry ingredients in the bowl of a food processor and pulse a few times. Add oil and yeast mixture and pulse again until dough begins to form a ball. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead for 8 to 10 minutes. If the dough appears wet or sticky, add flour, a little at a time, to achieve a smooth consistency.nOil the inside of a clean dry bowl. Place the ball of dough in the bowl and roll it around so that it is covered with a layer of oil. Cover the dough with a towel and allow it to rise for about 1 12 hours in a warm area free of drafts.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F as you begin to roll out dough.nAfter the dough has risen, punch it down and place on a floured surface. Roll out or press out to desired shape and place on hot stone or baking sheet., ingredients: [Marinara sauce, Grated cheese cheddar, mozzarella, jack, Red pepper, julienned, Caramelized onions, Blanched broccoli florets, Mushrooms, Shredded carrots, Or use your favorite vegetable, Basic pizza dough, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon sugar, 34 cup warm 110 F degrees water, 1 package dry yeast, 2 12 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Savory Pizza, picturelink: null}, 2227: {instructions: Preheat grill. Brush potatoes and green onions with 14 cup of the olive oil. Grill the potatoes until tender, 4 minutes on each side. Cut the potatoes into 1inch cubes and finely chop the green onions. Do not grill the green onions.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the remaining 12 cup olive oil, mustard, vinegars, and honey and season with salt and pepper. Add the potatoes, green onions and parsley and mix until the potatoes are coated with the dressing. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced 12inch thick, 1 bunch green onions, 34 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup coarsely chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Sweet PotatoGreen Onion Salad, picturelink: null}, 2228: {instructions: Cut steaks crosswise into 14inch thick strips cut strips in half. Heat 12 tablespoon sesame oil in large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add ginger and garlic cook for 1 minute. Add half of the beef and stirfry for 2 minutes, or until the outside surface of the beef is no longer pink. Remove from skillet. Repeat with remaining oil and beef. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove from skillet and keep warm.nAdd broth, green onions, and mirin to skillet and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, divide noodles and beef evenly among 4 large soup bowls.nBring broth mixture to a boil over high heat. Ladle boiling mixture evenly over beef and noodles. Garnish with carrots., ingredients: [1 pound beef shoulder top blade flat iron steaks or 1 beef top round steak, cut 34inch thick, 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cans 13 34 to 14 12 ounces each readytoserve beef broth, 34 cup thinly sliced green onions, 2 tablespoons mirin, or rice wine vinegar, 6 cups cooked fresh Asianstyle thincut noodles or unseasoned instant ramen noodles, 12 cup matchstickstyle shredded carrots], title: Ginger Beef and Noodle Bowls, picturelink: 1jOWzyP2QJCZ.ER9mu1Y6.IUUScATE6}, 2229: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Beat the egg whites to soft peaks, while gradually adding 12 cup of the sugar. In a separate bowl, beat the egg yolks until thick. Cream the butter with the vanilla and beat in the remaining 1 cup sugar. Stir the egg yolks into the butter mixture and cream well. Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt together 3 times. Add enough milk to the reserved coconut milk to make 1 cup liquid. Alternate adding coconut liquid and flour mixture to the butter mixture. Blend in 14 cup of the coconut grating and beat well. Fold in the egg whites. Pour into two 9inch or three 8inch layer pans. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Frost the cake layers, assemble, and sprinkle with the remaining coconut grating.nCombine the sugar, milk, butter, and vanilla. Cook for about 5 minutes, until the mixture begins to thicken. Mix in the coconut. Frosts one 8 or 9inch layered cake., ingredients: [3 eggs, separated, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 14 cups sifted cake flour, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Milk, 1 large fresh coconut, grated, reserving milk, Fresh Coconut Cake Frosting recipe follows, 2 cups sugar, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 12 cup butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 coconut, grated], title: Fresh Coconut Cake, picturelink: null}, 2230: {instructions: Combine the blueberries and vanilla sugar in a large heavy saucepan. Add 1 cup water and the lemon juice and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes, or until the mixture begins to thicken.nRemove from the heat and strain through a fine sieve. Cool to room temperature, cover and refrigerate., ingredients: [1 12 pints fresh blueberries, rinsed, 1 cup vanilla sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Blueberry Sauce, picturelink: VAxb.oaLVtEIl.I.P5X4HAWuhp1hXC}, 2231: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Soak the fish in a bowl with the milk and 2 cups ice, 15 minutes. Meanwhile, mix the flour with 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a shallow dish. Lightly beat the eggs in another dish. Pulse the bread, parsley, lemon zest and 12 teaspoon salt in a food processor until crumbs form, then transfer to a third dish. One at a time, remove the fillets from the milk and dredge in the flour, shaking off the excess. Dip in the eggs, then coat with the breadcrumbs, gently pressing to coat both sides. Transfer to a large plate. Line a baking sheet with foil. Heat 2 tablespoons each olive oil and butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 fillets and cook until golden, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining 2 fillets, adding 2 more tablespoons each olive oil and butter. Transfer the fish to the oven and bake until cooked through, about 8 minutes. Toss the arugula with the remaining 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Serve the fish with the salad and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 6ounce tilapia fillets, 1 12 cups milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 large eggs, 6 slices white sandwich bread, torn into pieces, 13 cup fresh parsley leaves, Finely grated zest of 12 lemon, plus lemon wedges for serving, 5 to 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 cups baby arugula], title: Tilapia Milanese, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 2232: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the celery, onion, thyme, vinegar, and black pepper and boil for 10 minutes. Add the lobsters, cover, and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes, until shells are bright red and lobster is cooked through. Remove the lobsters from the water and immediately shock in ice water to stop the cooking. Shell the tail and the claws and cut the meat into 12inch chunks. Reserve.nCook the bacon until crisp. Drain on a paper towel lined plate and set aside.nSeparate the egg whites from the yolks. Pass each separately through a medium strainer or food mill. Reserve.nBlanch the haricots verts in a small saucepan of salted boiling water for 1 minute. Drain and shock in ice water. Drain well and set aside.nPeel avocados, discard seeds, and cut into 12inch chunks. Place in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Reserve.nIn a mixing bowl, add the romaine and season with salt and pepper. Add 13 cup of the dressing and toss. Divide into 4 serving plates. Arrange the toppings in strips on top of the salad mix, starting on 1 end with the bacon, haricots verts, egg yolk, lobster, egg white, tomato, and avocado. Sprinkle the cheese all over the top. Serve the remaining dressing on the side.nCombine shallot, Dijon, and vinegars in a large bowl and whisk well. While whisking, slowly drizzle in the oils until it is incorporated into the dressing. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 stalks celery, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 medium onion, quartered, 8 sprigs thyme, 14 cup white wine vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 1 12pound lobsters, 12 pound bacon, chopped, 6 hardboiled eggs, chilled, 12 pound haricots verts, end trimmed and cut into 14inch pieces, 2 ripe avocados, 2 hearts romaine, trimmed, cut into 12inch slices, 12 pound yellow and red grape tomatoes, halved, 4 ounces Roquefort, crumbled, Salt, Cobb Salad Dressing, recipe follows, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 13 cup walnut oil, 12 cup vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lobster Cobb Salad, picturelink: WvOWFf82K4GUKn7dzAMFBVgEjzj.95m}, 2233: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill on medium heat. Grill the corn until lots of the kernels have color. Cut off the kernels and set aside.nIf serving immediately, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, jalapenos, onions and green and red bell peppers. Cook for a few minutes, until the peppers get great color on the outside. Add the chiles and stir for 30 seconds. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine 1 cup of the pepperjack, the cream cheese, mayonnaise, sour cream and green onions and stir until combined. Add the corn mixture and stir to combine thoroughly. Pour into a small baking dish. Bake immediately, or cover with foil and refrigerate up to 48 hours.nSprinkle the remaining 12 cup cheese over the top and bake until bubbly, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve with tortilla chips or pita crisps., ingredients: [5 ears fresh corn, shucked, 12 stick 4 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 jalapenos, seeded and diced finely, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 2 cans diced green chiles, 1 12 cups grated pepperjack cheese, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened., 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 3 green onions, sliced thin., Tortilla chips or pita crisps, for serving], title: Hot Corn Chile Dip, picturelink: hrY1kGzq5265SM0P.BceGqD8zNaZIv2}, 2234: {instructions: The day before cooking, stir together the cumin, coriander, smoked paprika and fennel in a small bowl until well combined. Season the chicken on all sides with salt and pepper, then coat the meat with the spice mixture. Refrigerate overnight to season.nWhen ready to cook, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a Dutch oven over high heat until it barely begins to smoke. Sear the chicken skinside down until browned and crisp, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove to a plate and reserve.nAdd the garlic, onions and carrots to the same pot and cook until the vegetables are caramelized, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and white wine and bring to a simmer. Return the chicken to the pot and top with the dates, olives and lemons. Bake, uncovered, until the chicken is tender, 45 minute to an hour. Sprinkle with the pine nuts, mint and cilantro and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons ground smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, toasted and ground, 1 chicken, cut into 8 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 onion, cut into 8 wedges, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped, One 28ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, crushed, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup dates, pitted and roughly chopped, 1 cup green olives, pitted, 2 lemons, cut into 8 wedges, seeds removed, charred on a grill or grill pan, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons torn fresh mint, 1 tablespoon torn fresh cilantro], title: Braised Chicken with Dates, Lemon and Pine Nuts, picturelink: wZHeZPuA8hogbS6j9IwDEduNp7Vdnm}, 2235: {instructions: Prepare grill to mediumhigh heat.nRub eggplant rounds on both sides with sesame oil. Sprinkle with curry powder, salt, and pepper. Grill until slightly charred, about 6 minutes per side. Sprinkle with mint to serve., ingredients: [2 medium eggplants, cut crosswise into 1inch thick rounds, 14 cup sesame oil, 2 tablespoons curry powder, Salt, freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Curried Grilled Eggplant, picturelink: Fy.hRwkdM4yTCka9.hcrG3V0ysmNzW}, 2236: {}, 2237: {instructions: Mix every thing together in a large bowl, kneed with hands delicately, try not to break the crab chunks. Roll the mix with hands in to a golf ball size balls. Heat the pan with olive oil. When the pan is hot, place the balls in the pan, then using spatula press them to about 23 inches thick. They are done when both sides are brown. Serve with lemon wedge., ingredients: [14 pound fresh crabmeat, 1 tablespoon chopped capers, 2 tablespoons bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon grainy mustard, Sea salt, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon chopped Italian parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Crab Cake Medalions, picturelink: null}, 2238: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the oatmeal, sugar, walnuts, flour and cinnamon in a large mug. Using a fork, cut in the butter until the texture becomes crumbly.nPlace the berries on top of the crumble mixture and microwave on high power for 2 minutes, until the fruit starts to bubble and slightly thicken. Stir to bring the crumble to the surface and serve with a dollop of yogurt on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons quickcooking oats, such as Quaker Quick Oats, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons walnuts, chopped, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, 34 cup frozen mixed berries, Plain or flavored Greek yogurt, for serving], title: Mixed Berry Crisp in a Mug, picturelink: 2xVAXFeKPpvWFzQvCTfuH.3j0w5ZXjS}, 2239: {instructions: Special equipment: a deep fryer and Japanese mandoline with a medium julienne attachmentnPat the goat dry with paper towels and season all sides with salt and pepper. Heat a pot just wide enough to comfortably fit all 4 pieces of goat over mediumhigh. You donu00bft want to cram the pieces together, but you donu00bft want too much extra room either. Add 14 cup of the canola oil to the bottom of the empty pot when hot and heat until smoking. You are looking for a nice white puffy smoke to appear thats when you know its hot enough for searing. Carefully lay the goat into the hot pan. Sear the goat on each side until golden brown and a crust forms, about 2 minutes per side.nAdd the peppercorns, thyme, garlic, bay leaves, carrot and onion to the pot. Cover with the stock and bring to a boil. Turn down the heat to a gentle simmer and cook until the meat is tender and falling off the bone, about 3 hours. Let the meat cool to room temperature in the liquid.nMeanwhile, place the potatoes in a small pot and cover with water. Season the water with salt. Bring just to a boil, immediately turn down to just below a simmer and cook gently until the potatoes are tender. Cool the potatoes in the liquid to retain flavor and moisture. When cool, remove the potatoes from the liquid and store in the refrigerator.nRepeat the process for the potatoes with the baby carrots in a separate pot.nRemove the goat meat from the liquid using a slotted spoon and place it in a clean empty pan. Gently pull apart and shred the meat. If the meat is too hot to handle, use a fork. Take care while shredding to remove any extra fat, sinew or vegetables. You want just clean shredded goat meat. Using a mesh strainer, pour just enough of the cooking liquid over the shredded meat to cover. Remove excess fat from the top of the liquid by skimming with a small spoon or ladle.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons of canola oil in a small saute pan until smoking. Add the potatoes and carrots, season with salt and pepper, and saute until a little golden brown, about 4 minutes.nIn a small saucepan, warm the goat in its liquid. Stir in the sour cream. Check for seasoning, adding a little salt and pepper if needed.nIn a flat bowl or large plate, arrange the carrots and potatoes in the center in a ring, leaving a little room in the middle. Spoon the goat meat in the middle, allowing it to gently cover a little of the vegetables, but not all. Top with the Potato Straws and dill sprigs.nPreheat the oil in a deep fryer to 250 degrees F.nSlice the potato using a Japanese mandoline with the medium julienne attachment into a container with cold water. Rinse the sliced potatoes under running water until the water runs clear. Remove from the water, pat dry, and fry until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Carefully remove from the oil onto a tray lined with paper towels to absorb any excess grease. . Season with a little salt and reserve., ingredients: [2 pounds goat leg meat, cut into large, halfpound pieces about 4 pieces total, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons canola oil, 8 peppercorns, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 3 cloves garlic, 2 bay leaves, 1 large carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped, 1 quart goat stock you may substitute chicken or beef stock, 8 ounces Russian banana fingerling potatoes you may substitute any type of fingerling or small potato, halved lengthwise, 8 ounces baby carrots, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup Crispy Potato Straws, recipe follows you may substitute storebought, 4 fresh dill sprigs, Canola oil for frying, 1 large russet potato], title: Goat Stroganoff with Russian Banana Fingerling Potatoes, Baby Carrots, Potato Straws and Fresh Dill, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 2240: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the baguette slices on a sheet tray and drizzle with olive oil. Toast just until crispy and golden brown, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a mixing bowl, combine the goat cheese, mascarpone, ricotta and lemon zest, and season with salt and pepper.nRemove the toasts from the oven and spread the herbed cheese generously over each toast. Drizzle with honey and serve warm., ingredients: [1 French baguette, sliced on an angle, Olive oil, for drizzling, 4 ounces goat cheese, 4 ounces mascarpone, 4 ounces ricotta, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, Acacia honey, for drizzling], title: Three Cheese Crostini with Honey, picturelink: null}, 2241: {instructions: Melt the chocolate and cream together in a bowl set over simmering water until just melted. Stir and remove from the heat. Dip each strawberry in the chocolate and set aside on waxed or parchment paper to dry., ingredients: [12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 longstemmed strawberries], title: ChocolateDipped Strawberries, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 2242: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Place the chicken drumettes in the water, reduce the heat to medium and cook for 10 minutes. Carefully strain the wings and pat dry with paper towels. Brush the chicken with olive oil and sprinkle lightly with salt. Place the chicken in a single layer on a baking sheet and roast until cooked through, 30 to 45 minutes.nIn a small saucepan, combine the chicken stock, tamari, ketchup, brown sugar, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, sesame oil and red pepper flakes. Stir and bring the mixture to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 5 minutes, then remove from the heat.nTransfer the sauce and chicken to a large bowl. Carefully toss the chicken in the warm sauce until fully coated. Transfer the chicken to a serving plate and garnish with the green onions and more red pepper if you like it really spicy., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken drumettes, Olive oil, for brushing, Kosher salt, 14 cup chicken stock, 14 cup tamari, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, Pinch red pepper flakes, plus more for garnish, 1 green onion, thinly sliced], title: KungPOW BBQ Chicken Wings, picturelink: XjJ8SxX1ZPNZjNsSEK59jnPBoVsb2}, 2243: {instructions: Heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add chicken, and saute 6 minutes, turning once.nCombine fruit juices in a large bowl. Stir together cornstarch and 1 tablespoon juice mixture until smooth set aside.nStir soy sauce and next 6 ingredients into remaining juice mixture pour over chicken. Bring to a boil cover, reduce heat, and simmer 35 minutes, turning chicken after 20 minutes.nPrepare rice according to package directions. Keep warm.nUncover chicken, and stir in cornstarch mixture. Cook, stirring constantly, 5 minutes or until sauce thickens.nSpoon rice onto a serving platter top with chicken and sauce. Sprinkle with green onions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 bonein chicken thighs, skinned about 2 pounds, 12 cup orange juice, 12 cup pineapple juice, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 13 cup soy sauce, 13 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 12 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 regularsize bags quickcooking rice, uncooked, 14 cup chopped green onion, green tops only], title: MeltinYourMouth Braised and Barbecued Chicken, picturelink: null}, 2244: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Drain, rinse under cold water and return to the pot. Toss with 14 cup milk. Top with the cheese and chicken do not stir.nMeanwhile, melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallions, chili powder, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add half of the pico de gallo. Cook, stirring, until the scallions soften, 2 to 3 minutes.nReduce the heat to medium. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and swirl to melt. Sprinkle in the flour cook, stirring, until a paste forms, about 1 minute. Gradually stir in the broth and the remaining 1 cup milk. Bring to a simmer cook, stirring occasionally, until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 6 minutes.nAdd the sauce to the pot with the pasta. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until the cheese melts, about 3 minutes season with salt and pepper. Top with the remaining 12 cup pico de gallo.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces elbow macaroni, 1 14 cups 2 milk, 2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend 8 ounces, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken breast skin removed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 2 teaspoons chili powder, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12ounce container pico de gallo or fresh salsa about 1 cup, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth], title: ChiliChicken Mac and Cheese, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 2245: {instructions: Bake a single batch of cake batter in 2 9inch pans, then a double batch in 2 12inch pans. Assemble with a double batch of lemon buttercream. Insert some straws in the center of the 12inch layer and cut them even with the top of the layer. Place the 9inch layer on top. Use some of the buttercream to pipe a border at the base of the cake. Decorate with fresh raspberries.nFILLING AND ICING A CAKE Though there are many techniques for filling and frosting a cake, they all have one common goal: to cover the cake neatly and efficiently. Many professional cake decorators use a turntable. The cake is placed in the center of the turntable and the icing is applied to the sides of the revolving cake. Others hold and turn the cake on one hand and spread the icing with a spatula held in the other. Both of these methods work well and easily, but require a certain amount of practice and dexterity to achieve. If you only intend to finish a few cakes a year, by far the easiest method is to put the cake on the platter from which it will be served and spread on the frosting from the top down, as in the following instructions:n1. For a singlelayer cake, turn the cake upside down on the serving platter so that its flat bottom is up.n2. Brush all excess crumbs off cake, platter and work surface.n3. If you wish, cover the platter with narrow strips of waxed or other paper inserted under the edge of the cake to keep it free of drips. Pull the strips of paper away pull from a short end after cake is frosted. Or, turn the cake over onto a piece of stiff cardboard, roughly 14inch larger all around than the cake, then slide frosted cake from cardboard to platter. This method is better if you wish to finish side of cake with chocolate shavings, nuts or other solids.n4. To frost with ganache and buttercream, apply a thin layer over the cake with an offset metal icing spatula. Spread it first on top then on the sides to seal the outside of the cake and prevent the cakes crust from crumbing up into the frosting. Chill cake for 10 minutes to set this first coat.n5. If you are frosting a twolayer cake, place one layer on platter, bottom side down. Spread a 12inch layer of the frosting over the top of this layer. Place second layer on frosting bottom side up. Proceed with steps 3 or 4, above.n6. To put the final coat on the cake, place 4 or 5 dabs of the frosting on the top of the cake. Use the spatula to join the dabs and cover top of cake. Spread from center outward so excess frosting falls down sides of cake.n7. To finish the sides, hold spatula handle upward, blade about 18inch away from side of cake, and spread any frosting already on side of cake smooth. Add more dabs of frosting to sides of cake if necessary so it is covered evenly. Finish the top by spreading any icing standing up around edge of cake evenly in toward the center. Hold spatula at a slight slant across the top of cake.n8. If you with to press toasted nuts, shaved chocolate or other solids onto the side of a cake, do so immediately. Hold cake on one hand and tilt toward the nuts or chocolate. Bring the cake directly against them. Use other hand to press nuts onto cake. Use a spatula to press chocolate so it doesnt melt against your hand.nCAKE DECORATING Although dozens of books are published each year on this subject alone, you need not have a degree in cake decorating to produce a greatlooking cake. There are many ways to finish a cake without resorting to a pastry bag and tubes, although piping decorations onto a cake can be easy  and fun. Remember the one cardinal rule of good decorating: use decorations appropriate to the flavors in the cake. Streaking a coffee frosted chocolate cake with chocolate is appropriate. Piping rosettes of coffee buttercream around the top edge of the cake would also be appropriate. Topping the rosettes with strawberries would notnPOPULAR DECORATIONS All the following decorations are easy to do. For best results practice making the decoration on a plate or the back of a cake pan before attempting it on the cake.nSTREAKING: Use an ounce of chocolate melted with 14 teaspoon oil. Place in a plastic bag snip off corner, squeeze bottle or paper cone and streak top of cake with parallel lines. Make sure to come completely off the top of the cake, before starting another line, to avoid loops at the edge or side of cake.nWRITING: Writing HAPPY BIRTHDAY and the birthday persons name on the cake is pretty much obligatory for a birthday cake. Use your regular handwriting, whether cursive or printing, and practice a few times on a cake pan or plate the same size as the cake top, so you can center the message evenly. Use the same tools and material as STREAKING, above.nROSETTES: To make a good rosette, hold a pastry bag with star tube straight up and down about 12inch above the cake top. Squeeze gently from the top of the bag and describe a letter C with the end of the tube. After completing the rosette, release the pressure and pull away sideways, not upward.nSTARS: Hold the bag and star tube as for rosettes, above. Squeeze once, to press a star shape from the bag. Release pressure and pull away straight up from star.nSHELLS: Hold bag with star tube at a 45 degree angle to top of cake, with tube just touching cake top. Squeeze, pull sideways around the top edge of the cake and release pressure in one quick motion to make a pointed shell shape. Start next shell over point of previous one.nBORDERS: A border is an excellent finish for the top or bottom of a cake. Use ROSETTES, SHELLS or STARS. ROSETTES and STARS may be placed at a distance from each other, or touching, according to your preference. For further decoration top a rosette or star with a nutmeat, inverted chocolate chip, large chocolate shaving or a piece of fresh or candied fruit, if appropriate to the flavors of the cake for a further decoration., ingredients: [], title: Tiered Cake, picturelink: null}, 2246: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse the basil, parsley and scallions until finely chopped. Add the cheese and anchovies and process to a paste consistency. Add the mayonnaise and puree until smooth. Season with pepper., ingredients: [12 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, 14 cup loosely packed fresh parsley leaves, 4 scallions, green parts only, coarsely chopped, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 2 oilpacked anchovy fillets, drained, 12 cup mayonnaise, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Goddess Mayo, picturelink: g5pAFtVYFkG8mGghjbf2K5AIjnAlvq}, 2247: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBrine: In a large bowl add the water, salt, sugar and lime juice, stirring to dissolve. Add the chicken and refrigerate, covered, for 12 hours or overnight.nRub: Tear the chiles roughly into 1inch pieces and toast in a pan over medium heat until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly, then transfer them to a food processor along with the salt, garlic powder and lime zest. Pulse into a coarse powder. Remove the rub to a large bowl.nRemove the chicken from the brine and pat dry. Add chicken to the rub and coat all of the pieces well. Let rest on the countertop until chicken comes to room temperature or up to 2 hours.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.nSet up a dredging station: Put the flour, cornstarch and a pinch of salt and pepper in a paper bag. In a large bowl whisk the eggs, milk and a pinch of salt and pepper, to taste. Dredge the chicken, 1 piece at a time, to the paper bag and toss. Remove with tongs, dip in the egg wash then return them to the paper bag for a second toss. Shake off the excess flour and add the chicken pieces to the oil in batches, making sure to keep frying temperature at around 350 degrees F. Fry the chicken until golden brown and cooked through, about 10 to 12 minutes depending on piece of chicken. Remove the chicken to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Arrange the chicken on a serving platter and season with salt, to taste, and a spritz of lime juice. Serve with honey for dipping., ingredients: [4 cups warm water, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup lime juice, 1 4 to 5pound chicken, cut into 10 pieces, 4 dry pasilla chiles, stems and seeds removed, 4 dry ancho chiles, stems and seeds removed, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 limes, zested, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, 14 cup milk, Lime wedges, for garnish, Honey, for dipping], title: ChileLime Fried Chicken, picturelink: q90oEDg7f9OhtLhb1iFNgkztJhz0zPW}, 2248: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn medium bowl, combine lime juice, tequila, cumin, salt, and pepper mix thoroughly. Add the fish and toss to coat. Marinate for 10 minutes.nWarm tortillas on grill or pan. Cover with a towel to keep warm.nIn a medium Dutch oven, heat the canola oil to 350 degrees F.nRemove fish from marinade, shake off excess, dredge in tempura flour, and dunk in cold tempura mixed batter. Roll in panko bread crumbs, pressing panko onto fish. One by one add fish to oil, making sure to keep the fish pieces separated. Fry for 4 to 5 minutes, or until light golden brown. Remove and drain on paper towels.nMix cabbage, cilantro and onion. Stack 2 tortillas place 18th of fish on top of each, and top with cabbage mixture, Pico de Gallo, and Tequila Lime Aioli. Serve immediately.nIn a bowl, mix all ingredients, season with salt and pepper and refrigerate for 1 hour for flavors to meld.nIn small bowl, combine all ingredients and chill for 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon tequila, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 ounces cod or firm white fish, cut in 1inch pieces, Sixteen 8inch corn tortillas, Canola oil, 4 ounces tempura flour, 8 ounces prepared tempura batter made with cold water, 6 ounces panko bread crumbs, 1 cup shredded white cabbage, 12 cup shredded red cabbage, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 14 cup very thinly sliced red onion, Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, Tequila Lime Aioli, recipe follows, 4 Roma tomatoes, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 12 red onion, minced, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 1 lime, juiced, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons premium tequila, 1 lime, juiced, 8 ounces sour cream, 14 cup milk, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons minced cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Tex Wasabis Koi Fish Tacos, picturelink: SaEjel0kNK3otkxznUbUktAGww4Wm}, 2249: {instructions: For the ribs: Add the salt, juniper berries, peppercorns, bay leaves and cinnamon sticks to your largest stock pot. Add the ribs and cover with water. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to medium heat and cook until the ribs are tender and start to tear when folded, about 45 minutes. Take the ribs out and let them rest.nMeanwhile, for the sauce: Mix the orange juice, tamarind syrup, vinegar, oil, molasses, Sriracha, maple syrup, tahini, pepper, sugar and garlic in a food processor until combined. Put in a pot and cook on low heat until it thickens and coats the back of a spoon.nHeat a pan on mediumhigh heat. Add the ribs and coat with sauce. Toss to coat completely you may have to do this in two batches. Plate and sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds. You can add sliced scallions or fresh chiles if desired., ingredients: [14 cup coarse kosher salt, 1 tablespoon juniper berries, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 full racks pork back ribs, rinsed and uncut, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup tamarind syrup, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 18 cup sesame oil, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 14 tablespoon tahini, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 2 whole cloves garlic, Optional garnishes: toasted sesame seeds, sliced scallions, fresh chiles], title: The Rosedale Diners Sticky Asian Pork Ribs, picturelink: zTWv3mYxmDQ112HnB1gn9J7hdKoR9y.}, 2250: {instructions: ., ingredients: [6 cups brioche, 1 pound country ham, cubed, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, 2 onions, chopped, 4 ribs celery, chopped, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 cup parsley, chopped, 14 cup green onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons dried sage, 1 teaspoon file gumbo powder, 1 cup pecans, chopped, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Southern Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 2251: {instructions: Can be found at specialty Asian markets.nTo prepare your crabs humanely, place them in the freezer for 1 hour to put them to sleep. For the Sate Sauce: Pour the vegetable oil in a wok and bring to medium heat, fry the garlic and spring onions until fragrant. Now add the crab meat, shrimp, sugar, salt, oyster sauce, and fish sauce. Stir to incorporate, and then reduce the heat to a low simmer for 30 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes. Lastly add the chile oil, stir and simmer for another 5 minutes. Cooks Note: Use this sate sauce as a dipping sauce for noodle soups or add to stirfrys. Refrigerate the extra sauce in an airtight container. For the crab: Remove the upper shell of the crab, pick off the gills, which look like little fingers, and discard them. Clean the crab under running water and drain. Place the crab on its stomach and chop the crab in half with a heavy cleaver. Now chop each half into 4 pieces, chopping each piece after each leg. With the back of the cleaver gently crack each claw this makes it easier to extract the meat. Heat the oil in a wok to 400 degrees F, or until a cube of bread dropped into the oil browns in 5 seconds. Dust the crab pieces with potato starch, shaking off the excess. Deepfry the crab in batches for 3 minutes, turning over once, until golden brown. Remove the crab pieces from the wok and drain on kitchen paper towels. Carefully, remove the oil from the wok, reserving 2 tablespoons, and clean the wok. Heat the reserved oil in the wok, then add the shallots and garlic and fry until fragrant. Now add the sate sauce and stir for 1 minute. Add the crab, spring onions, and chiles and toss, making sure to coat the crab well. Transfer the mixture to a serving bowl and garnish with red chile. Serve the dish with jasmine rice., ingredients: [2 live crabs, blue swimmer or mud crab about 14ounces each, 16 ounces or 2 cups vegetable oil, 12 bulb garlic, cloves peeled and minced, 10 spring onions, white part only sliced, 7 ounces crab meat, 3 12 ounces dried shrimp, soaked in 1 cup water for 20 minutes, and then drained, 12 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 12 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 12 tablespoons dried chile flakes, 3 12 ounces chile oil, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, Potato starch, for dusting, 3 red Asian shallots, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 3 spring onions scallions, cut into 2 inchlengths, 2 long red chiles, thinly sliced on the diagonal, plus more for garnish, 4 tablespoons sate sauce, recipe follows, Jasmine rice, for serving], title: Wok Tossed Mud Crab with Sate Sauce: Cua Xao Sate, picturelink: null}, 2252: {instructions: Pour the barbeque sauce into a blender. Add the cayenne, habanero and jalapeno peppers. Blend on medium speed until smooth., ingredients: [18 12 ounces spicy barbeque sauce, such as Zarda Bold and Spicy BarBQ Sauce, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 1 habanero pepper, diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, diced], title: Zarda BarBQ Creeper Sauce, picturelink: b2azbfU4TKvnWFJb5D4JKPfSdh3o7k2}, 2253: {instructions: Make a double layer pouch of foil for the olives. Add citrus peel, red pepper flakes and fennel seeds to olives then top with olive oil. Seal the pouch and shake it to distribute the spices and oil. Place in hot oven at any temperature or on outdoor grill to heat them through.nPlace the almonds in a small decorative serving dish.nPlace chickpeas in a medium skillet over medium heat and cook 15 minutes until crisp and dry. In the last 5 minutes, season the chick peas with paprika salt and pepper. If you season them up too soon, the paprika will blacken and become bitter. Place the cooked chick peas in a small serving bowl. Place the olives on a platter and cut the pouch open to expose them. Place the small serving dishes for nuts and peas on the platter alongside olives. Place a ramekin or other small cup out to collect olive pits., ingredients: [4 cups mixed good quality olives, 3 to 4 strips orange peel, 3 to 4 strips lemon peel, 1 teaspoon crushed red chili pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 13 palm full, 2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups Marcona almonds or toasted peeled whole almonds See Cooks Note, 2 15ounce cans chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, Salt and pepper], title: Spanish Nibbles: Hot Olives with Citrus and Spice, Marcona Almonds, Paprika Toasted Chick Peas, picturelink: 2zGAgnylXXAvIeC0aqESmcoBn4xr3DC}, 2254: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the hazelnuts, thyme leaves, white pepper and 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Sear both sides of the breasts in a heated saute pan with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Coat topside of the duck with the hazelnut crust and place in the oven for about 3 minutes or until medium rare. Remove the duck from the oven and let rest for about 30 seconds before slicing., ingredients: [2 cups hazelnuts, chopped and lightly toasted, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 18 teaspoon white pepper, 2 duck breasts, tenderloin removed, skinned and pounded out], title: Hazelnut Crusted Duck Breast, picturelink: null}, 2255: {instructions: Combine the cider, apples, 2 shallots, 2 tablespoons vinegar, 1 teaspoon curry powder, and salt and pepper to taste in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook until the liquid evaporates, about 12 minutes let cool slightly. Stir in 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro.nMeanwhile, pulse threequarters of the salmon in a food processor until finely ground. Add the remaining salmon pulse until chopped. Transfer to a bowl stir in the panko, mayonnaise and the remaining shallot, 2 tablespoons cilantro, 1 tablespoon vinegar and 2 teaspoons curry powder. Add salt and pepper. Form into four 12inchthick patties.nMelt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the patties and cook until browned and cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Butter the buns and sandwich with the salmon burgers, mayonnaise, the apple relish and more cilantro. Serve with chips.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 cup apple cider, 2 Golden Delicious apples, peeled and coarsely grated, 3 medium shallots or 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon curry powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup finely chopped cilantro, plus whole leaves for topping, 1 14 pounds skinless salmon fillet, cut into 1inch chunks, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, plus more for topping, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, plus more for the buns, 4 potato buns, split and toasted, Potato chips, for serving optional], title: SalmonApple Burgers, picturelink: VgNPQ8CkudZuhJ0KOECXhpjHpP4vyi}, 2256: {instructions: For the steak: Heat a cast iron or heavybottomed skillet and add half of the oil. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, season the steak on both sides with salt and use a pair of tongs to carefully drop it into the hot oil in the skillet. Cook it on the first side for 1 minute and then turn it on the second side for another minute. In a small bowl, stir together the garlic, Worcestershire sauce, rosemary, and fennel seeds. Remove the steak from the skillet it will still be barely cooked. Use the back of a spoon to spread the garlic mixture on both sides of the steak and allow it to rest for 10 minutes. Refrigerate for a few hours and allow it to marinate or simply sear it again and serve.nFor the vinaigrette: In a small bowl, combine the feta cheese with the red wine vinegar, oregano, and olive oil. Stir to blend. Set asidenTo assemble: When ready to serve the steak, wipe out the grease and anything sticking to the bottom of the skillet. Heat the skillet again and add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Sear the steak again and cook to desired temperature. For medium rare, cook for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove the steak from the skillet and place it on a flat surface. Cut against the natural grain of the meat to tenderize. Top with the feta dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons canola oil, divided, 1 12 to 2 pound piece skirt steak, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and grated on a vegetable grater or zester, or pressed in garlic press, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, stemmed and leaves coarsely chopped about 2 teaspoons, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, lightly toasted and crushed, 4 ounces feta, crumbled, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Marinated Skirt Steak with QuickPickled Feta, picturelink: OON8hYFLjQCyqYk7TGhDCPRwA3j20VK}, 2257: {instructions: For the Simple Meringue: With a balloon whisk, beat the egg whites until soft peak. Add the sugar. Continue beating until the egg whites are glossy. The meringue should form long peaks when the whisk is lifted. Fold in the vanilla With two tablespoons, shape ovals of meringue and drop them into a large pan of simmering water. Poach them until firm, 2 to 3 minutes, turning them once. Drain them on paper towels.nFor the Creme Anglaise: Whisk egg yolks and sugar until ribboned. The mixture should be thick, smooth and homogenous.nPour the milk into a 3quart heavybottomed saucepan and place it over mediumhigh heat. Use a sharp knife to slice the vanilla bean in half lengthtwise. Separate the seeds from the skin by scraping the blade of the knife along the inside of the bean. Add the seeds and the skin to the mixture and bring to a boil. Remove the saucepan from the heat.nTemper the egg mixture with the hot milk mixture by carefully pouring about one third of the milk into the egg mixture. Whisk immediate to keep the eggs from scrambling. Pour the tempered egg mixture into the saucepan, place over medium heat, and cook, stirring constantly with a heatproof rubber spatula. The liquid will begin to thicken. When it reaches 182 degrees and is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, it is finished and should be removed from the heat.nIf you do not have a thermometer, you can tell that the creme anglaise is ready by using the following method: In one quick motion, dip the spatula into the creme anglaise and hold it horizontally in front of you. With the tip of your finger, wipe a clean line down the center of the spatula. If the trail keeps its shape, the creme anglaise is ready. If the trail fills with liquid, cook it for another minute and repeat the test. The objective is to remove the creme anglaise from the heat just before it boils.nIf the creme anglaise boils, the egg yolks will scramble. If this happens, you can still use the mixture as an ice cream base if you strain it. You will not be able to use it as a sauce, because once the eggs are scrambled, they lose their ability to hold a sauce together.nStrain the creme anglaise through a chinois or finemesh sieve into the bowl placed in the ice bath, to remove the vanilla bean and any cooked egg. Stir occasionally to allow the creme anglaise to cool evenly. Once it has cooled completely, pour it into a clean container. Place plastic wrap directly on top of the creme anglaise to prevent a skin from forming and store in the refrigerator for up to three days.nPour the custard into a shallow bowl and pile the meringue eggs in the center., ingredients: [8 eggs whites, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup granulated sugar, 8 large egg yolks, 1 quart milk, 1 vanilla bean], title: Oeufs a la Neige, picturelink: null}, 2258: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill with a mediumhigh heat fire.n2. Gently mix together the chicken, sambal oelek, 112 teaspoons salt, and 34 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Form into 4 4inch patties with an indentation in the center of each burger.n3. Brush the grill grate with 1 tablespoon oil. Lay the burgers on the grill and cook until grill marks appear, 5 to 6 minutes. Flip the burgers and continue grilling until an instantread thermometer inserted sideways registers 160 degrees F, about 5 minutes. Set burgers aside to rest.n4. Lightly brush the pineapple rings with oil, then grill the rings turning once, until distinct grill marks appear, about 3 minutes per side.n5. Meanwhile, heat a large heavy nonstick skillet on the grill or on the stovetop over mediumhigh heat. Melt the butter and fry the eggs, sunnyside up, 3 to 4 minutes.n5. Tuck the burgers into the rolls, top with pineapple rings, beets, lettuce, tomato slices, and eggs. Serve., ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground dark meat chicken, 1 tablespoon sambal oelek Asian chili paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for brushing on pineapples, 4 pineapple rings, drained and patted dry, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, 4 Kaiser rolls, split, 12 slices pickled beets, drained, 4 lettuce leaves, 4 tomato slices, Mayonnaise and ketchup, for serving], title: Spicy Aussie Chicken Burgers, picturelink: null}, 2259: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPeel the beets and add them to a small pan with a little water. Cover the pan with a lid and roast until tender, about 1 hour. Remove the beets from the oven and when cool enough to handle, cut them into small wedges. Put them into a bowl and add a splash of sherry vinegar and a splash of extravirgin olive oil. Stir in the chopped shallots and chopped parsley. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nArrange the beets on a plate and top with crumbled goat cheese, apple, and pine nuts., ingredients: [1 red beet, 1 yellow beet, Splash sherry vinegar, Splash extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, 1 teaspoon chopped parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1ounce crumbled goat cheese, 18th Granny Smith apple, julienned, 15 to 20 toasted pine nuts], title: Beet Salad, picturelink: null}, 2260: {instructions: Combine the kettle corn, corn cereal, bran cereal twigs, chocolatecovered soy nuts, and freezedried fruit and give em a shake. Wasnt that easynServe in plastic bags with ribbons, if using. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 cups popped 94percent fatfree kettle corn microwave popcorn, 1 cup puffed corn cereal, 12 cup highfiber bran cereal twigs recommended: Fiber One Original, 2 ounces chocolatecovered soy nuts, 1 ounce freezedried fruit about 1 cup], title: Party Poppin Trail Mix, picturelink: null}, 2261: {instructions: To prepare filling, mix together dates, sugar and water in saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until thickened about 10 minutes. Allow to cool. Add pecans.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Cream butter and brown sugar. Combine remaining ingredients and stir into butter mixture until well blended. Press half of the filling into a 9x13inch glass baking dish. Spread with cooled filling. Cover with remaining filling mixture, patting lightly. Bake until lightly browned approximately 25 to 30 minutes. Cool and cut into bars., ingredients: [3 cups dates, coarsely chopped, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 cups water, 1 cup pecans, finely chopped, 34 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 34 cups sifted unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups rolled oats], title: Date Pecan Bars, picturelink: null}, 2262: {instructions: In a large stockpot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add onions and garlic and saute until softened, but not browned. Add the wine and continue cooking until volume is reduced by half. Add the celery root and potatoes. Cover with stock or water by 1inch. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce heat to a low simmer, and cook until potatoes are very tender. Using an immersion blender, puree the vegetables until very smooth. Add the cream and return to a simmer. Stir constantly at this point the soup can burn easily. Season with salt, white pepper, and lemon juice, to taste.nMeanwhile, place the diced potato and celery root in a separate large saucepan and cover with cold water. Season with salt and bring to a simmer. Cook until just tender and then strain and set aside.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add scallops and sear until golden brown on both sides. Remove scallops from skillet and set aside. Ladle some of the soup base into the skillet to deglaze, scrape the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, and then scrape back into the large pot of soup. Add the scallops into the soup and keep warm over low heat.nMeanwhile, in another large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add pears and chestnuts and saute until just beginning to brown. Season with nutmeg, to taste. Set aside.nDivide the diced, cooked potato and celery root evenly among soup bowls. Ladle the soup into the bowls and sprinkle with pears, chestnuts, and cheese. Serve with crusty bread or toast., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons butter, 2 medium Spanish onions, sliced, 2 to 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 bottle Sakonnet Fume Vidal wine, 5 to 6 celery roots, peeled and quartered, 5 to 6 medium size Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and quartered, Chicken broth or water, to cover, 1 14 cups heavy cream, Salt and white pepper, Lemon juice, to taste, 1 celery root, peeled and diced, 2 medium size Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 pounds medium size, dry packed sea scallops, 3 to 4 Bartlett pears, peeled and diced, 2 pounds chestnuts, roasted and coarsely crushed, Pinch nutmeg, 1 pound feta cheese or blue cheese, crumbled, Crunchy bread or toast, accompaniment], title: Chowder of Scallops, Celeriac, and Potato with Caramelized Pear and Roasted, Crushed Chestnuts, picturelink: null}, 2263: {instructions: Drain the beets and dice into 12inch cubes. Place the beets in a mixing bowl and add the raspberry vinegar, orange juice, olive oil, salt, pepper and red onions. Zest the oranges and then segment over a bowl to catch the juices. Add the orange zest, orange segments, and any juices and mix well. Taste for seasoning and serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 15ounce cans baby beets, drained, 2 tablespoons raspberry vinegar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup smalldiced red onion 1 small onion, 2 large seedless oranges, zested, Segments 2 large seedless oranges], title: Beets with Orange Vinaigrette, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 2264: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix rice wine and salt. Add the shrimp, cover, and marinate in the refrigerator at least 20 minutes.nHeat oil in deepfryer or large wok to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, mix together allpurpose flour, ice water, cornstarch, egg yolk, salt, white sugar, and baking powder. One at a time, dip shrimp into the flour mixture to coat. Carefully place a few shrimp at a time in the hot oil and deepfry until golden brown on all sides, about 1 12 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the shrimp from the oil and drain on paper towels. Repeat with remaining shrimp.nTempura sauce:nStir together soy sauce, water, rice vinegar, and sugar until sugar is dissolved. Just before serving, stir in the scallions and serve immediately with the shrimp., ingredients: [12 cup rice wine, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 pound fresh shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 liters vegetable oil, for deep frying, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup ice water, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 egg yolk, 14 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup water, 38 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 4 teaspoons sugar, 14 cup scallions, thinly sliced], title: Shrimp Tempura, picturelink: null}, 2265: {instructions: In a mixing machine fitted with a dough hook, add the water, salt, sugar, shortening, and yeast. Add the flour slowly, making a stiff dough that is silky smooth.nTurn dough out into a large oiled bowl, cover with a cloth. Place dough in a warm place, and allow to double in bulk.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Pound and knead the dough, until it is silky smooth. Return the dough to the bowl, cover, and let rise again, until doubled in bulk.nMeanwhile, sterilize the palmetto leaves or shoe strings by soaking them in boiling water.nPortion dough into 10ounce loaves. As a loaf is formed, immediately place a palmetto leaf or shoestring down the length of the loaf, and turn the loaf over onto a baking sheet, leafstring side down. Repeat with the remaining loaves.nLet the dough rise, leaf side down, for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBake loaves until they are golden brown, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 pint ice water, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 ounce shortening lard or vegetable, 1 ounce 4 packets dry yeast, 1 12 pounds flour, plus more if necessary, Oil, for coating, Palmetto leaves, for creating a seam unbleached or colored shoe strings can be used], title: CubanStyle Bread, picturelink: null}, 2266: {instructions: In a medium pot combine milk and vanilla pudding mix, place over medium heat whisking constantly. Bring to a boil while continuing to whisk the mixture.nIn 3 medium bowls place white, dark and milk chocolate chips. Combine reserved chips together in a small bowl, mix and set aside.nRemove mixture from the heat and evenly divide the hot pudding over the 3 bowls. Wait 1 minute then whisk the mixture to incorporate and melt the chips into the pudding.nSet up 3 resealable bags into 3 large glasses so that it will be easy to pour the warm pudding into the bags. Pour the pudding into separate bags. Tie the bags closed with a twist tie. Place pudding into the refrigerator for 2 hours, or until pudding is chilled and set.nCut off the corner of each bag. Pipe each of the pudding mixtures evenly into 6 champagne glasses starting with the dark chocolate, white chocolate and ending with milk chocolate.nGarnish with reserved chocolate chips., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 2 2.75ounce packages cook and serve vanilla pudding, 1 11ounce bag white chocolate chips, 1ounce reserved for garnish, 1 11ounce bag dark chocolate chips, 1ounce reserved for garnish, 1 11ounce bag milk chocolate chips, 1ounce reserved for garnish], title: Creamy Chocolate Pudding Parfait, picturelink: zHJmBcJQGUOAXYRbWDnYszFLO6YMerm}, 2267: {instructions: Position the racks in the top and lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, salt, allspice, cinnamon, and mace.nIn another large bowl, combine the butter and sugar and, with a handheld electric mixer, mix on low speed until just incorporated. Raise the speed to high and mix until light and fluffy. Occasionally turn the mixer off, and scrape the sides of the bowl down with a rubber spatula.nAdd the brown sugar and mix until incorporated. Add the eggs to the butter mixture, one at time, waiting for the first one to be fully incorporated before adding the last. Mix in the vanilla.nReduce the mixers speed to low. Add the flour mixture, little by little, until a smooth dough is formed scrape the bowl down occasionally. Turn off the machine, stir in the oats, raisins, and pecans with a rubber spatula.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Using a spoon, drop heaping tablespoons of the dough onto the sheets, spaced about 2 inches apart.nBake the cookies in batches, turning the pans once, until golden brown, but still soft and spongy, about 15 minutes per batch. Let the cookies cool slightly on the baking sheets, and then transfer to racks to cool completely. Store in a sealed container., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground mace, 34 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, at room temperature, 2 34 cups rolled oats, 34 cup raisins, 34 cup chopped pecans], title: Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: M73WTJqWE6767s2cr5HlIcWcOGMMZ6S}, 2268: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard cupcake pan with liners.nTo prepare the cupcake batter: In a large heat resistant bowl, combine the chocolate and butter over a pot of simmering water, without letting the bottom touch the water. Stir gently until melted and well combined. You may use a microwave, if preferable.nRemove chocolate from heat and stir in the vanilla. Add the sugar. Beat with a handheld electric mixture until smooth and combined, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, mixing for 20 seconds between each egg to incorporate.nIn a separate bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt. Mix until well blended.nUsing ladle or small measuring cup, fill the cupcake cups 23 of the way full. Place a peanut butter cup in the center of each cup and press down slightly. Bake until the cupcakes are firm to the touch about 20 minutes.nTo prepare the frosting: Using a handheld electric beater, cream the cream cheese and butter together thoroughly. Add the chili power and cinnamon, mixing to incorporate. Add the salt, vanilla, and confectioners sugar. Finally, mix in the melted chocolate and blend thoroughly until smooth. If additional thickening is needed, add more sifted confectioners sugar, a little at a time, until a spreadable consistency is reached., ingredients: [12 cup milk chocolate chips, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 12 peanut butter cups, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted, 12 mini peanut butter cups], title: Double Feature Cupcakes with Mexican Hot Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: EJRbiNDtseHxFZwDwzh0QgWZO8QaPO}, 2269: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and saute for 1 to 2 minutes. Add garlic and jalapeno and sweat until soft and translucent. Add spices and cook for 1 to 2 minutes until fragrant and aromatic. Add tomatoes, chicken, Worcestershire, and stock.nBring to a simmer and cook 20 minutes.nCut the lime in half, squeeze juice into the pot, and then add the juiced halves as well.nAdd white rice and cook 5 minutes longer to warm rice through. Season, to taste, with salt.nLadle into bowls and garnish with sour cream and cilantro., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, roughly chopped, 4 large cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 2 jalapenos, seeded and sliced, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried cumin, 1 28ounce can chopped tomatoes, 3 cups shredded cooked chicken, Few dashes Worcestershire sauce, 3 to 4 cups chicken stock, 1 lime, 1 cup cooked white rice, Kosher salt, Sour cream, for garnish, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Mexican Chicken Stew, picturelink: sUKD6bmkqQInjpG7ppzfEQGP34JECua}, 2270: {instructions: Blend well, cover and store.nBlend well, cover and store., ingredients: [3 cups paprika, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups garlic powder, 1 cup salt, 1 cup onion powder, 1 cup seasoned salt recommended: Lowerys, 12 cup chili powder, 12 cup black pepper, 12 cup Black Magic seasoning, recipe follows, 2 cups onion powder, 2 cups garlic powder, 1 cup cayenne pepper, 12 cup white pepper, 12 cup black pepper, 1 cup dried thyme, 1 cup dried oregano, 2 cups table salt, 1 cup paprika, 1 cup ground cumin], title: Marlowes BBQ Dry Rub, picturelink: null}, 2271: {instructions: Make this a day ahead and serve chilled. In a nonreactive saucepan, combine the water, orange juice and sugar. Bring to a boil, stirring continuously. Add the cranberries and cook only for about minutes or until the skins of the berries pop. Remove pan from heat and add orange rind. Transfer mixture to a bowl and let cool to room temperature.nLeftovers can be thinned with some liqueur and used as a hot sauce to spoon over frozen yogurt or pound cake., ingredients: [12 cup each of water and orange juice, 34 cup sugar, 1 bag whole fresh cranberries, 1 tablespoon grated orange rind], title: Cooked Cranberry and Orange Relish, picturelink: null}, 2272: {instructions: Season both sides of pork with salt and black pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add pork to hot pan and cook 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. In a medium bowl, whisk together maple syrup, mustard, 3 garlic cloves, and ginger. Add sauce to pan and bring to a simmer. Add chops to simmering liquid, cover and cook 5 minutes. Uncover and simmer 5 more minutes, until sauce reduces and pork is cooked through.nMeanwhile, in another skillet, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil. Add the Brussels sprouts and the remaining minced garlic clove. Season with salt and pepper. Saute until heated through, about 5 to 7 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 pork loin chops about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons peanut or olive oil, 1 cup maple syrup, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 2 cups frozen Brussels sprouts, thawed], title: MapleGlazed Pork Chops with Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: 0Ef7bmKz96daWWkH9zSlDgC7mOxLuWa}, 2273: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour an 8 or 9inch springform pan.nDissolve the yeast in the lukewarm milk, and let proof until foamy.nSpread the almonds on a baking sheet and bake until they are lightly toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Let cool, then place them in a food processor fitted with the metal blade, add 2 tablespoons of the sugar, and pulse until the almonds are very finely chopped but not pulverized. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, beat the egg yolks with 34 cup of the sugar until pale yellow. Beat in the butter. Add the honey, yeast mixture, liqueur, and almonds, and beat to combine. Add the flour in two or three additions, mixing thoroughly.nIn a large bowl, beat the egg whites with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar until stiff. Gradually fold the whites into the almond mixture. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, shaking the pan to distribute the batter evenly.nPlace the pan on the middle rack of the preheated oven and bake for about 40 minutes, or until a thin knife inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean.nLet the cake cool for about 10 minutes, then remove the sides of the pan and let the cake cool on a rack completely before serving., ingredients: [1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 34 cup lukewarm milk, 2 12 cups blanched almonds about 10 ounces, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, separated, at room temperature, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup almond liqueur or dark rum, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Confectioners sugar], title: Almond Cake, picturelink: null}, 2274: {instructions: Put the pistachios in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely chopped, but not powdery. Divide in half into 2 separate bowls and set aside.nPut the cherries, apricots, raisins, and dates through a food grinder using the mediumgrind blade. Add to the bowl with half of the pistachios. Add the orange juice and creme de cassis to the mixture and combine, using your hands, until the liquid is evenly distributed throughout. Shape the mixture into 24 walnut size balls and roll them in the remaining chopped pistachios. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [5 ounces approximately 1 cup roasted pistachios, 4 ounces approximately 1 cup dried cherries, 2 ounces approximately 12 cup dried apricots, 2 ounces approximately 12 cup golden raisins, 2 ounces approximately 12 cup pitted dates, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 2 tablespoons creme de cassis], title: Pistachio Fruit Balls, picturelink: null}, 2275: {instructions: Simmer 1 cup orzo in a saucepan with 2 12 cups water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried mint, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon paprika and 2 strips lemon zest, stirring occasionally, until the orzo is tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool slightly. Stir in 2 chopped scallions, the juice of 1 lemon, and salt to taste.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Lemon Orzo, picturelink: AaLmAMgN4wuL7sCqjoVxyhF7gdmyr56}, 2276: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, or prepare charcoal grill.nIn a food processor, puree garlic, shallots, turmeric, candle nuts, ginger, chiles, and thousand spice. Blend well.nIn a mixing bowl, make a marinade with the shrimp paste, soy sauce, and oil. Place the duck in the bowl and massage the duck with this mixture. Remove the duck to the banana leaves or foil.nAdd the bumbu paste to the remaining marinade, mix well and slather the inside and outside of the duck with the marinade. Close the openings of the bird with skewer, add water, and wrap the duck in several layers of banana leaves, grease proof paper or foil and steam for 50 minutes. Transfer the duck to a moderate oven and bake at 350 degrees F for 30 minutes. Another option is to do the final roasting over a slow charcoal fire rather than in the oven. Be sure to turn the duck several times if cooking over charcoal.nRemove banana leaves, cut the duck meat up in small pieces, and serve with stuffing. When cooked, the meat should be so tender that it falls off the bones., ingredients: [1 4 12pound duck, washed and patted dry, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and halved, 18 shallots peeled and halved, 3 tablespoons fresh turmeric, peeled and chopped, 6 candle nuts, chopped, 5 tablespoons ginger, peeled, and chopped, 5 birdseye chiles, sliced, 5 tablespoons thousand spice a Balinese spice mix, 2 teaspoons dried shrimp paste, roasted and coarsely crushed, 13 cup soy sauce, 12 cup coconut oil, Salt and pepper, Banana leaves], title: Bebek Betutu: Roast Duck in Banana Leaf, picturelink: null}, 2277: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the thawed peaches and cherries on a paper towellined plate to remove any excess juices. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the eggs, milk, sugar, thyme, and salt until smooth. Stir in the fruit.nHeat the oil in a 10inch, ovensafe, nonstick skillet without a rubber or plastic handle over medium heat. Pour in the egg mixture and, using a wooden spoon, carefully distribute the fruit evenly in the pan. Sprinkle the cheese over the top and cook without stirring for 5 to 6 minutes, or until the edges start to set. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the frittata is slightly puffed and the egg mixture has set, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes. Using a silicone or rubber spatula, loosen the edge of the frittata and slide onto a platter. Cut into wedges and serve with maple syrup., ingredients: [8 ounces frozen peaches, thawed and drained, 8 ounces frozen cherries, thawed and drained, 6 eggs, at room temperature, 14 cup whole milk, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable or canola oil, 13 cup 3 ounces crumbled goat cheese, Maple syrup, for serving], title: Frittata with Peaches and Cherries, picturelink: u8QqL0wodNhFTSwGokyrAM2XCSOtjrC}, 2278: {instructions: 1. Reserve 12 cup drained tomatoes set aside. Blend remaining tomatoes and reserved liquid with beans in medium bowl.n2. Spread bean mixture in 8x8inch glass baking dish or round casserole dish. Top with guacamole.n3. Blend together sour cream and seasoning mix in small bowl. Spread over guacamole. Top evenly with layers of cheese, olives, green onions and reserved tomatoes. Chill 2 hours prior to serving. Serve with tortilla chips, if desired., ingredients: [1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Original Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, drained, liquid reserved, 1 can 16 oz each Rosaritau00ae Traditional Refried Beans, 1 container 12 oz each refrigerated guacamole, 1 container 16 oz each sour cream, 1 pkg 1.25 oz each taco seasoning mix, 1 cup shredded Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheese blend, 1 can 2.25 oz each sliced ripe olives, drained, 14 cup sliced green onions, Tortilla chips, optional], title: Fiesta 7 Layer Dip, picturelink: A9JrJmCnML6UDucKOD75jBd5ouggMUq}, 2279: {instructions: In a large bowl, coat potatoes with oil sprinkle with oregano, salt and pepper.nSpread out on a baking sheet and bake in a 375 degree preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes until golden., ingredients: [2 pounds red new potatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Roasted New Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 2280: {instructions: Cook rice according to package directions. Meanwhile, combine remaining ingredients in a large saucepan and set pan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a simmer. Simmer until rice is cooked. Fold in rice and season to taste with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [2 cups instant brown rice, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 12 cup prepared salsa, 1 tablespoon onion flakes, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 15ounce can white or red kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 1 11ounce can corn, drained, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Black and Red Fiesta Beans with Rice, picturelink: null}, 2281: {instructions: Combine sugar, preserves and 1 cup of the soda in a medium saucepan and stir over low heat until sugar and preserves are melted. Add citrus juice and zest. Stir in the remaining soda, move to a clean, lidded container and chill thoroughly, 2 to 3 hours.nTurn mixture in ice cream maker and process according to makers instructions or until mixture reaches the consistency of a firm slush. Return mixture to lidded container and harden in freezer 1 hour before serving.nIf sorbet is to be held frozen for longer than 2 hours, move from freezer to refrigerator for about half an hour before serving. If youd like a more assertive sorbet, double the amount of citrus zest., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup key lime preserves, 4 cups lime flavored club soda or seltzer, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 lime, zested and juiced, Kosher salt], title: Key Lime Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 2282: {instructions: Slice Spam into 6 slices. Dredge in flour, then dip in egg wash and press into panko. Panfry in butter until golden brown. Serve on Kim Chee Fried Rice and top with Truffleyaki Sauce.nPour the oil in nonstick wok and saute the lop cheong and bacon for 2 minutes on mediumhigh heat. Drain excess oil. Add shrimp and onions and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add rice and saute for another 3 minutes. Add oyster sauce, soy sauce, kim chee, salt and pepper and saute until liquid evaporates. Make a well in the center of the rice and add eggs. Let sit for 1 to 2 minutes until solid. Shred with a spatula and mix into rice. Garnish with green onion.nCombine all ingredients except butter and blend well. Bring to a boil and whisk in butter., ingredients: [1 can Spam, Flour, for dredging, 2 eggs mixed with 12 cup water, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons butter, for frying, Kim Chee Fried Rice, recipe follows, Truffleyaki Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 pieces lop cheong, Chinese sausage sliced thinly on a diagonal, 12 cup bacon, diced, 12 pound shrimp, cooked and chopped, 1 cup yellow onion, diced, 12 cup green onion, sliced, 6 cups cooked rice, 3 eggs, beaten, 3 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 cup kim chee, chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 cup soy sauce, 1 medium orange, juiced, 12 cup mirin, 12 cup water, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon black truffle shavings, 12 tablespoon truffle oil, 3 ounces butter], title: Sams Spam Schnitzel with Truffleyaki Sauce over Kim Chee Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 2283: {instructions: Spread mustard onto a warm, soft hot dog bun. Add cheese, hot dog, pastrami and top with sauerkraut., ingredients: [2 tablespoons mustard, 1 hot dog bun, 1 to 2 slices Swiss cheese, 1 Polish hot dog, steamed, 3 ounces sliced premium pastrami, 14 cup sauerkraut], title: Pinks Polish Pastrami Reuben Dog, picturelink: shvAimKO976y0uO3mW.XXMXSTjF5i6}, 2284: {instructions: Heat the canola oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 30 seconds. Stir in the chile powder and cumin and cook 30 more seconds.nAdd the tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring, until reduced to a saucelike consistency, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a food processor and puree add water if necessary. Add the honey and more salt and pepper, if needed., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, pureed with their juices, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Red Chile Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2285: {instructions: For the tomato sauce: In a large bowl, add the tomatoes, parsley, olive oil, Parmigiano, dried basil, dried oregano, chili flakes, fresh basil, garlic and lots of cracked pepper, and crush with hands to mix. Cover and let sit in the fridge for 3 hours to overnight.nFor the dough: In a medium bowl, mix the yeast with the warm water and let sit for 5 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt and sugar and whisk. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, mix the allpurpose and whole wheat flours. Make a hole in the middle and pour in the yeast mixture. Slowly hand mix the flour until all the liquid is absorbed. If too wet, add more flour, 14 cup at a time. Sprinkle a clean work station with flour and knead the dough until smooth and elastic. Coat a large ceramic bowl with the remaining olive oil. Place the dough in the ceramic bowl and flip over to coat in the oil. Cover the top of the dough with plastic wrap and cover the bowl with a dish towel. Let rise until the dough has doubled in size, 2 hours. Punch down the dough and let rise for another hour.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nGrease the pizza pan with the leaf lard. Mold the dough into the shape of the pan. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the sauce onto the dough. Place the pizza on the bottom oven rack for 5 minutes, to precrisp the crust. Take out of the oven and add another 14 cup of the tomato sauce. Add the mozzarella, salami, olives and pecorino.nPlace the pizza on the middle oven rack and cook until the cheese is bubbly, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven. Immediately remove the pizza from the pan and sprinkle with the spinach. Cut into rectangles., ingredients: [3 12 cups San Marzano tomatoes, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, minced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmigiano, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon hot chili flakes, 5 fresh basil leaves, torn, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Freshly cracked pepper, 1 teaspoon yeast, 10 ounces warm water, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon raw sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 1 tablespoon leaf lard, 8 ounces mozzarella di bufala, sliced 14inch thick, 4 ounces salami di Genoa, sliced, 12 cup kalamata olives, roughly chopped, 12 cup grated pecorino, 1 cup baby spinach, julienned], title: All Dressed G Style Pizza, picturelink: .fH5Cl4B8FCXdH20ZtYgDGUihVE0x56}, 2286: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a paring knife, cut a 12inch slice off the stem end of each apple, reserving tops. With a melon baller or grapefruit spoon, scoop out the core from each apple, being careful not to pierce the blossom end, and discard. Continue to scoop out apple flesh to form a hollow cavity with sturdy sides, setting removed pulp aside. Sprinkle apple cavities with granulated sugar and set aside with tops. In a medium skillet, warm clarified butter over mediumhigh heat. Add onions, and cook, stirring until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add veal, and cook, breaking up meat with the spoon, until it is no longer pink, 3 to 5 minutes. Add 13 cup water, rice, and cinnamon, and stir well. Season with salt and pepper, and remove from heat. Arrange apples in 1 layer in a baking dish. Divide veal mixture evenly among apple cavities. Replace tops. Pour remaining 1 cup water into baking dish. Surround apples with 34 of reserved apple pulp reserve remaining pulp for another use. Cover with a lid or aluminum foil. Bake for 30 minutes. Uncover. In a small bowl, stir together vinegar and brown sugar, pour over pulp and juices on bottom of pan, combining them, and then baste apples with this mixture. Continue to bake, uncovered, until tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, 15 to 25 minutes more.nTransfer to a warmed serving platter and keep warm. Pass pulp and liquid from bottom of pan through a sieve placed over a small saucepan. Simmer over medium heat until liquid coats the back of a spoon. Taste and adjust seasoning with cider vinegar andor brown sugar to achieve a good sweetsour balance. Spoon sauce over apples, and serve at once.nPlace butter in a small saucepan, and melt over low heat. Remove from heat, and allow milk solids to sink to bottom. Skim any foam from surface, then carefully pour off clarified butter, leaving solids behind. Yield: 12 cup, ingredients: [10 small to medium Rome Beauty, Jonagold, Stayman, Winesaps or other good baking apples, 1 12 teaspoons granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons Clarified Butter, recipe follows, 2 small onions, finely chopped, 1 pound ground veal, 1 13 cups water, 2 12 tablespoons raw longgrain white rice, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, more if needed, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, packed, more if needed, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter], title: Iranian Veal Stuffed Apples with Browning, picturelink: null}, 2287: {instructions: 1. Cut the kernels off of the corn into a large bowl. Using the back of the knife, scrape the sweet corn milk from the cobs to extract about 3 tablespoons and add it to the bowl. Set aside.n2. Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until the fat renders and the bacon is crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon to a papertowellined plate and set aside. Add the butter to the skillet and when melted, add the celery, bell peppers and onions. Season with salt and pepper and cook until the vegetables are soft, about 15 minutes. Add the milk, scallion whites, garlic, tomatoes and corn. Cook until thickened, 10 minutes.n3. Serve garnished with the scallion greens and reserved bacon., ingredients: [4 ears fresh corn, 4 strips bacon, diced, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 12 large onion, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup milk, 5 scallions, white and green parts, sliced reserve the sliced green parts for garnish, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced], title: Cajun Corn Maque Choux, picturelink: null}, 2288: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Coat the bottom and sides of a 9 by 13inch metal baking dish with cooking spray I like Bakers Joy and line with parchment paper. Lightly spray the paper.nCombine the chocolate chips, cocoa and espresso powder in a mixing bowl. Pour the boiling water over top and whisk until the chocolate is completely melted. Set aside.nIn another bowl, add the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt and whisk to combine. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the beater blade, cream together the butter and sugar on medium to mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, until incorporated. Whisk the buttermilk and vanilla into the reserved chocolate mixture. Reduce speed to low. Add 13 of the flour mixture, followed by 12 of the chocolate mixture until just combined. Repeat with another third of flour, the remaining chocolate, and final third of flour.nPour the batter into the prepared baking dish and smooth with a rubber or offset spatula. Bake for 28 to 32 minutes, until a toothpick pricked in center comes out clean. Cool the pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Run a paring knife along the edges of the cake and gently invert it onto the cooling rack. Discard the parchment paper and allow the cake to cool completely.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over low to mediumlow heat. Add the chocolate chips and espresso powder, and cook until chocolate is completely melted. Pour in the condensed milk and coffee liqueur and whisk until smooth and creamy, about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or with an electric mixer beat the cream until stiff peaks begin to form. Gently fold cooled chocolate mixture into the whipped cream until it is completely incorporated and no streaks remain. Cover and chill for 1 to 2 hours.nCombine 12 cup chocolate chips, cream, corn syrup, brown sugar, cocoa and salt in a heavy saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring frequently, over medium heat. Reduce heat to low and continue cooking at a gentle boil, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the remaining 12 cup chocolate chips, butter and vanilla and whisk until glossy and smooth. Set aside.nFor the whipped cream:nJust before serving, in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or with an electric mixer beat the cream, confectioners sugar and coffee liqueur until soft peaks just begin to form.nThis can be assembled in a large trifle dish or individual glass serving dishes. Line up the individual dessert components. Break the devils food cake into small pieces its okay if it crumbles it will press into a cohesive layer in the trifle dish. Rewarm fudge sauce on low heat to thin, if necessary.nSpread a layer of chocolate mousse in the bottom of the dish. Arrange a fairly thick layer of devils food cake pieces over the mousse. Drizzle fudge sauce over the cake pieces. Repeat layering, ending with mousse. Refrigerate trifle for 2 to 3 hours to set.nThis dessert is best served at room temperature, so remove from the refrigerator at least an hour or two before serving. Top with fresh whipped cream and chopped chocolatecovered espresso beans. If making individual trifles, top each trifle with one whole chocolatecovered espresso bean., ingredients: [4 ounces goodquality bittersweet chocolate chips, 12 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon ground instant espresso powder, 1 14 cups boiling water, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon table salt, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup whole buttermilk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup goodquality bittersweet chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon ground instant espresso powder, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 tablespoon coffeeflavored liqueur, such as Kahlua, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 cup 6 ounces goodquality bittersweet chocolate chips, divided, 23 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 cup light corn syrup, 13 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon table salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups chilled heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons coffeeflavored liqueur, such as Kahlua, Chocolatecovered espresso beans, for serving], title: Triple Chocolate Holiday Trifle, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 2289: {instructions: Put the radishes in a saute pan just large enough to hold them. Add enough water just to cover, and season with salt and pepper. Boil until tender, by which time the water should be nearly gone. Add the butter and a cube or two of sugar. Cook for a minute or two until the sugar melts and the radishes become glazed., ingredients: [1 pound500 g radishes smallish oblong kind, Salt and freshly ground pepper, A knob of butter, 2 sugar cubes], title: Glazed Radishes Chateau du Fey, picturelink: null}, 2290: {instructions: Bring a medium saucepan of salted water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the lobster tails and boil for 8 to 10 minutes until the shells curl and the lobster meat turns white. Drain, transfer to a cutting board, and cool for 15 minutes. Using kitchen shears or a sharp knife, cut through the top shell lengthwise. Remove the meat and cut into 12inch pieces. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the chicken stock to a boil. Keep hot over low heat.nIn a large saucepan, melt 3 tablespoons of butter over medium heat. Cook until the butter begins to foam and then turns brown, about 1 to 1 12 minutes. Add the onion and cook, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat with the butter. Add the brandy and simmer until the liquid has almost evaporated, about 3 minutes. Add 12 cup of stock and stir until almost completely absorbed, about 2 minutes. Continue adding the stock, 12 cup at a time, stirring constantly and allowing each addition of stock to absorb before adding the next. Cook until the rice is tender but still firm to the bite, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir in the Parmesan cheese, the remaining butter and 2 tablespoons chives. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTransfer the risotto to a large serving bowl. Arrange the lobster meat on top of the risotto and garnish with the remaining chives., ingredients: [1 pound about 2 medium frozen lobster tails, thawed, 4 12 cups reducedsodium chicken stock, 4 tablespoon butter, at room temperature, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 1 12 cups Arborio rice, 12 cup brandy, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Brown Butter Risotto with Lobster, picturelink: null}, 2291: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs, adding the broccoli during the last 3 minutes of cooking. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the Canadian bacon and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden and slightly crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate using a slotted spoon reserve the drippings in the pan.nAdd the scallion whites, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper to the saucepan. Cook until slightly softened, 1 minute. Whisk in the flour and mustard cook, whisking, until the flour is lightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the milk and reserved pasta water. Cook, whisking, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Add the cheeses cook, whisking, until creamy, about 2 more minutes.nStir the pasta, broccoli and Canadian bacon into the cheese sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Serve topped with the scallion greens.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces cavatappi or other corkscrew pasta, 4 cups broccoli florets about 8 ounces, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 slices Canadian bacon about 4 ounces, chopped, 4 scallions, chopped white and green parts separated, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 1 cup 2 milk, 1 12 cups shredded reducedfat cheddar cheese about 6 ounces, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese], title: Broccoli and Bacon Mac and Cheese, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 2292: {instructions: Spread the pizza sauce evenly over the tortillas. Roughly tear the basil leaves over the sauce. Sprinkle black olives over sauce. Divide the cheese and red pepper flakes, if using, evenly over top. Roll tortillas up and then heat in a toaster oven until cheese has melted., ingredients: [1 jar pizza sauce, 4 flour tortillas, 4 basil leaves, Sliced black olives, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, optional], title: Pizza Rollups, picturelink: null}, 2293: {instructions: Combine 3 cups prosecco, 2 cups Aperol and 1 cup seltzer in a pitcher. Pour into 4 icefilled glasses. Garnish with orange slices., ingredients: [], title: Aperol Spritz, picturelink: kDaeu8FQp0cQJ5migns8hE6E9hXf4X2}, 2294: {instructions: Ladle cream into heated saute pan and add garlic. Reduce cream about 13 and add pasta, salt and white pepper. Heat until hot. Put in bowl or plate, top with cheese and paprika. Enjoy, ingredients: [4 ounces heavy cream, 1 teaspoon garlic, minced, 12 ounces cooked elbow macaroni, Pinch salt, Pinch white pepper, 2 tablespoons shredded Parmesan cheese, Pinch paprika for color], title: Old Mac, picturelink: null}, 2295: {instructions: Cook the tortilla strips: Heat the butter and oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once the butter melts, add the tortilla strips and cook, stirring and tossing, until they are all golden and crispy.nCook the vegetables: When the tortillas are crisp, add the bell pepper, chiles and onion to the skillet. Season with a pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Cook until tender, about 5 minutes.nAdd the eggs to the pan, season with salt and reduce the heat to medium low. Cook, stirring to scramble and combine, until most of the moisture is cooked out, then remove from the heat. Stir in the tomatoes. Serve topped with cheese.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [8 large eggs, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 corn tortillas, sliced into 12inch strips, then cut into 2inch rectangles, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 1 4ounce can green chiles, drained, 12 cup chopped Vidalia or other sweet onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 12 cup shredded pepper jack cheese, In a large bowl, whisk the eggs and 2 tablespoons water vigorously. Set aside.], title: San Antonio Migas, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 2296: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour three 9inch cake pans and three 6inch cake pans.nCream the butter and granulated sugar in a stand mixer. Add the eggs 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition.nCombine the flour, cocoa, baking soda and espresso in a large bowl. Combine the milk, sour cream and coffee in a separate large bowl. Alternate adding the wet and dry ingredients to the mixer until combined and a light fluffy batter is reached.nDivide the batter among the prepared cake pans and bake until a cake tester inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, 22 to 25 minutes. Let cool in the pans for 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely, 15 to 20 minutes.nFor the chocolate ganache: Combine the chocolate chips, cream and milk in a large pot and heat until the chocolate melts and the mixture is hot, stirring to combine do not allow to boil.nTo temper the egg yolk, put it in a large bowl and scoop a ladleful of the hot milk mixture into it, whisking constantly. Keep adding the rest of the hot milk mixture, a ladleful at a time, until completely combined. Whisk until the ganache is silky and shiny. Refrigerate until set and spreadable, 1 to 2 hours. Its best if its allowed to sit overnight to set.nFor the marshmallow buttercream: Mix the butter, confectioners sugar, marshmallow creme and vanilla extract in a stand mixer on medium until light and fully combined.nFor the cinnamonnutmeg buttercream: Beat the butter, confectioners sugar, milk, cinnamon and nutmeg in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment on high until fully combined, light and airynTo assemble: Top a 9inch cake layer with 1 cup of the cinnamonnutmeg buttercream. Place another 9inch cake layer on top of it, then top with 1 cup of the chocolate ganache. Continue alternating cake layers with buttercream and ganache layers, leaving the very top bare. Cover the whole cake in a layer of the marshmallow buttercream., ingredients: [6 sticks 24 ounces salted butter, plus more for buttering the pans, 6 13 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring the pans, 6 cups granulated sugar, 10 large eggs, 2 23 cups unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground espresso, 4 cups whole milk, 2 cups sour cream, 14 cup coffee, 4 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 cup whole milk, 1 large egg yolk, 4 sticks 1 pound salted butter, softened, 7 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 4 cups marshmallow creme, such as Marshmallow Fluff, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 sticks 1 pound salted butter, softened, 7 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 12 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg], title: Hot Chocolate Cake, picturelink: 5mWizrlWkqpZHKccoi3KOmOPh7IW5Uy}, 2297: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat olive oil. Add garlic, parsley and chile peppers and saute for a few minutes. Add plum tomatoes and juices from the tin. With the back of a wooden spoon, break up the tomatoes into little chunks.nAdd the lentils, salt, and pepper. Add the water and allow to cook for approximately 15 to 20 minutes, until the soup has thickened., ingredients: [14 cup 50 ml extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and chopped, 1 15ounce441 ml can peeled plum tomatoes, 2 fresh chile peppers, chopped, 1 19ounce540 ml can lentils, drained and rinsed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Water, optional], title: Lentil and Tomato Soup, picturelink: null}, 2298: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 12cup muffin pan with cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the allpurpose and wholewheat flours, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, and nutmeg.nIn a large bowl, whisk the sugar, molasses, oil and 1 egg until combined. Add the other egg and whisk well. Whisk in the pumpkin and vanilla. Whisk in the flour mixture in 2 batches, alternating with the buttermilk. Whisk just until combined.nPour the batter into the prepared muffin pan and sprinkle with the pumpkin seeds. Tap the pan on the counter a few times to remove any air bubbles. Bake for 20 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center of 1 of the muffins comes out clean.nLet cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes. Run a knife around the muffins to loosen them and unmold. Cool completely on the rack., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup wholegrain pastry flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons unsulphered molasses, 14 cup canola oil, 2 large eggs, 1 cup canned pumpkin, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup lowfat buttermilk, 14 cup raw, unsalted pumpkin seeds], title: Pumpkin Muffins, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 2299: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nMelt the butter, sherry wine vinegar and sugar in a small pan over medium heat. Stir well to combine and remove from the heat.nQuarter the parsnips and cut the carrots into 2inch pieces. Put on a baking sheet and drizzle with the butter and sherry mixture. Season with salt and pepper, lots of pepper and toss to thoroughly coat all the vegetables. Bake in the preheated oven until the vegetables are golden brown. About 5 minutes before the vegetables are done remove them from the oven, sprinkle with fresh thyme and mix to combine. Return to the oven and bake until cooked through about 5 more minutes. Serve., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoon sherry wine vinegar, 5 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 12 pounds parsnips, peeled, 1 12 pounds carrots, peeled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Roasted Parsnips and Carrots, picturelink: null}, 2300: {instructions: Dough: Place flour, yeast, salt and sugar in a mixer fitted with a dough hook. While mixer is running, gradually add water, knead on low speed until dough is firm and smooth, about 10 minutes. Turn machine off. Pour oil down inside of bowl. Turn on low once more for 15 seconds to coat inside of bowl and all surfaces of dough with the oil. Cover bowl with plastic wrap. Let rise in warm spot until doubled in bulk, about 2 hours.nSauce: Pour tomatoes into a strainer that has been fitted over a microwave proof bowl. Using your hands, crush the tomatoes. Press all juices into bowl. Set crushed tomatoes aside. Place bowl with tomato juices in microwave and cook on high until thickened to consistency of ketchup, about 20 to 25 minutes. Add crushed tomatoes to sauce. Cool to room temperature. Toppings: Slice some vegetables. Skewer onion slices to keep them together. Brush vegetable slices with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place vegetables on hot grill pan. When done, set aside. Assembly: Preheat your oven to highest setting, 500 or 550 degrees. If using a pizza stone, preheat oven 1 hour ahead. Punch dough down, cut in half. On generously floured work surface, place one half of dough. By hand, form dough loosely into a ball, stretch into a circle. Using a floured rolling pin, roll dough into large circle until very thin. Dont worry if your circle isnt perfect. If you get a hole, pinch edges back together. To prevent dough from sticking to counter, turn it over and add flour as needed. Transfer dough to pizza peel sprinkled with cornmeal. Ladle tomato sauce on pizza dough. Add assorted vegetables. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until golden.nStorebought Pizza dough can be used instead ., ingredients: [3 12 cups unbleached, all purpose flour, 2 packages dry active yeast, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 cups lukewarm water from the tap, 12 teaspoon olive oil, Flour for the work surface, A sprinkling of cornmeal, 2 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, Red peppers, Zucchini, Eggplant, Asparagus, Portobello mushrooms, Onions, Scallions, Olive oil, Salt, pepper], title: Grilled Vegetable Pizza, picturelink: null}, 2301: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nIn a pot of boiling water blanch garlic cloves for 30 seconds. Remove to ice bath to stop cooking. Remove skinsnIn a small bowl, combine softened butter, lemon zest, salt and pepper. Loosen the skin of the hens by slipping your fingers between the meat and skin of the breast and legs. Rub the butter mixture under the skin of each hen. Place a fresh sage leaf under the skin on each breast half and at each leg.nPlace hens, head to toe, in roasting pan. Place garlic cloves inside the cavities and surrounding each hen.nRoast hens for 25 to 30 minutes at 400 degrees, until juices run clear when thigh is pierced.nRemove hens and garlic from roasting pan to platter. Pour off fat and juices into defatting cup.nPlace roasting pan over heat. Pour in 12 cup white wine to deglaze. Reduce until almost evaporated, scraping up the brown bits from the bottom of pan. When reduced, add 1 cup chicken stock and any juices that have settled in the defatting cup and from the platter. Mix together 2 tablespoons arrowroot and 2 tablespoons water. Add to sauce and bring to a boil to achieve full thickening power.nCut hens in half down breast bone and back bone. Serve half a hen per guest. Serve pan sauce on side., ingredients: [21 12 pound cornish game hens, 6 tablespoons softened butter, 8 fresh sage leaves, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 40 cloves of garlic, 2 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons arrowroot, 2 tablespoons water], title: 20 Clove of Garlic Roasted Game Hens, picturelink: null}, 2302: {instructions: Special equipment: coneshaped, heat resistant molds such as pastrypiping tips to use to shape wontons paper or aluminum foil cone wrappers, for servingnTo fry and mold the wontons: Heat about 4inches of oil in a deep saucepan over mediumhigh heat until it reaches a temperature of 350 degrees F the oil can be tested by carefully dripping a little water into itu00bfif it immediately sizzles, it is hot enough. Brush the edge of a wonton wrapper with beaten egg, then mold the wrapper around a metal pastry tip or other heat resistant conical mold. Lower the wrapper and mold into the hot oil and fry, until golden brown. Remove the fried wonton from the oil, transfer to a plate lined with paper towels to drain and cool. Remove the mold and repeat, molding and frying all the u00bfwonton conesu00bf.nTo make the dressing and salad: In a small bowl, combine the soy sauce, rice vinegar, wasabi, sugar, and mayonnaise. Gradually whisk in 2 tablespoons of peanut oil.nIn a separate bowl, combine the cucumber, avocado, scallion, and shiso. Lightly dress the cucumber salad with the wasabi dressing.nTo make tuna and tobiko tartar: Finely chop the tuna and set it aside. In a medium bowl, mix the mayonnaise, lemon juice and sour cream. Fold first the tobiko eggs, then the tuna into the mayonnaise mixture.nTo assemble: Place each wonton in a paper or aluminum foil cone. Fill each about twothirds with cucumber salad. Spoon tuna and tobiko tartar into the cones, sprinkle with furikaki and serve., ingredients: [Peanut or vegetable oil, for frying, 12 wonton wrappers, 1 egg, beaten, for egg wash, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 12 tablespoon wasabi powder, 12 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 tablespoons diced cucumber, 3 tablespoons diced avocado, 1 stalk scallion, white part only, minced, 2 shiso leaves, minced, 12 ounces sushi grade tuna, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon tobiko eggs, 1 teaspoon furikaki Japanese rice seasoning], title: Rollsrice California Roll in a Wonton Cone, picturelink: null}, 2303: {instructions: In a pot, heat the broth over medium heat until well heated, keeping it at a simmer. Do not bring to a boil. Beat the egg yolks and cream together until they are thick. Mix in wine, cinnamon, and salt. Temper egg yolk and broth. Pour mixture into the broth, mixing continually until the soup is well mixed and creamy. Do not let it boil. Serve with croutons sprinkled over soup., ingredients: [4 12 cups beef broth, 6 egg yolks, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup Riesling wine, Pinch cinnamon, Salt, to taste, 2 to 3 slices country bread, toasted and cut into small croutons], title: Wine Soup, picturelink: null}, 2304: {instructions: Dip chops in olive oil coat with cheese. Dip in eggs, then in bread crumbs to coat nicely.nHeat some butter or olive oil in a skillet. Add breaded chops and fry, over medium high heat, uncovered, for about 4 to 5 minutes a side or until just pink in the middle, and browned on outside.nRemove chops to a plate and serve as is, with lemon wedges or with couscous, or lima bean puree recipe follows., ingredients: [4 rib lamb chops, trimmed of excess fat, Olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 eggs lightly beaten, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter or olive oil, Lemon wedges], title: Breaded Lamb Rib Chops, picturelink: null}, 2305: {instructions: Put the carrot and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Reserve 12 cup cooking liquid, then drain the carrot.nPuree the carrot and reserved cooking liquid in a blender until smooth. Add the ginger, brown sugar, vinegar, lemon juice, soy sauce, sesame oil and teaspoon salt pulse until smooth.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [1 medium carrot, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped peeled ginger, 1 teaspoon packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar not seasoned, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, Kosher salt], title: Light CarrotGinger Dressing, picturelink: 9yEwvks5Gqd6A9rcG3icJP4iO1Zzz2O}, 2306: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to boil for ravioli.nWhile water comes to a boil, drain defrosted frozen chopped spinach by wringing it dry in a kitchen towel, working over a garbage bowl or your sink. Heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons or 2 turns of the pan, and the garlic. Saute garlic in oil 1 minute, then sprinkle spinach into the garlic oil. Add artichoke heart pieces to the pan and turn to combine and heat through. Season vegetables with and remove from heat to a bowl. Place skillet back on the heat and melt butter. Whisk flour into butter and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk stock into flour and butter and let it bubble. Whisk in cream and Parmesan. Season sauce with nutmeg, salt and pepper and thicken 1 to 2 minutes.nPreheat broiler to high. Set rack between middle of oven groove and top rack groove, about 8 inches from heat.nWhen water boils, salt water, add ravioli and cook 4 to 5 minutes. Ravioli should be less than al dente, still a bit chewy  it will continue cooking when combined with sauce and vegetables. Place a colander over ravioli as it cooks and add asparagus to it. Cut thin, trimmed asparagus into 2inch pieces on an angle. Steam the chopped asparagus while pasta cooks, 2 to 3 minutes, until just forktender, but still green. Remove asparagus and add to bowl with spinach and artichokes. Place colander in your sink and drain ravioli.nDrizzle a touch of extra virgin olive oil onto the bottom of a medium oval casserole or a rectangular baking dish and brush pan to coat evenly. Arrange a layer using 12 of cooked ravioli in the dish. Layer 12 of the cooked vegetables over the ravioli. Next, add a few ladles of sauce, then vegetables, then top casserole with the last of the ravioli. Dot top of lasagna with any remaining sauce and cover liberally with grated provolone or 4 cheese blend. Brown cheese 8 inches from broiler, 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 packages chopped frozen spinach, defrosted in microwave, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 46 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 cans quartered artichokes in water, drained well, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups vegetable or chicken stock, 12 cup cream or halfandhalf, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a couple of handfuls, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, freshly grated, Salt and black pepper, 1 sack, 2 cups grated provolone or Italian 4 Cheese Blend, from dairy aisle, 10 ounces, 1 large package marked Family Size fresh ravioli, such as Contadina brand, 24 to 28 ounces, or choose your favorite filling, such as wild mushroom or 4 cheese, 1 pound thin asparagus spears, trimmed of tough ends], title: Ravioli Vegetable Lasagna, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 2307: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the sugar, 1 cup water and ginger to a boil in a medium saucepan and cook until the sugar has melted. Transfer to a glass bowl or measuring cup, cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours.nPut the juice, zest, 14 cup ginger simple syrup, ginger liqueur and vodka in a blender and blend until combined. Taste for sweetness, adding more simple syrup if needed. Add a few cups of ice and blend until slushy, adding more ice as needed. Serve in a pitcher., ingredients: [4inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 cup fresh lime juice, Zest of 2 limes, 3 tablespoons ginger liqueur, such as Domaine de Canton, 12 cup cold vodka, Crushed ice, 1 cup sugar], title: Ginger Slushy with Vodka, picturelink: ld0vfNWtpgUWhwDZesrGzoGn3fvVC}, 2308: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and line the bottom of a broiler pan with foil. Lightly mix the beef with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Gently form into 4 patties, about 34 inch thick. Arrange on the prepared pan and brush both sides with olive oil. Broil until browned, about 4 minutes per side for medium rare.nMeanwhile, heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook 2 more minutes. Add the Worcestershire sauce and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 2 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper and remove from the heat. Combine the ketchup and mustard in a small bowl and set aside.nTop each patty with onequarter of the mushroom mixture and 1 slice cheese. Return to the broiler to melt the cheese, about 1 minute.nSpread the buns with the ketchup mixture sandwich with the patties and some lettuce. Serve with chips andor pickles.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground beef preferably chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 8ounce package sliced mixed mushrooms, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup ketchup, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 4 thin slices gruyere cheese, 4 sesame buns, split and toasted, Boston or Bibb lettuce, for topping, Potato chips andor pickles, for serving optional], title: Swiss Mushroom Burgers, picturelink: 2FTPnYfleE.hHZDIDdOd.8l.6m8OWI.}, 2309: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPut beef, fat side up, in a shallow flameproof roasting pan. Sprinkle salt and pepper over top. Roast beef in lower third of oven for 20 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F. and roast beef 1 hour and 15 minutes more or until a meat thermometer inserted 2 inches into center of meat registers 115 degrees F. Transfer beef to a cutting board, reserving pan juices in pan and let stand 25 minutes. For vegetables: In a large skillet, cook onions in 1 12 tablespoons oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened and golden, about 8 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer onions to a bowl and cook carrots and celery in remaining tablespoon oil over moderate heat, stirring until crisptender. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring, until liquid released from mushrooms evaporates. Transfer vegetables to a bowl and season with salt and pepper.nWhile beef rests, skim fat from pan juices and reserve 4 tablespoons of fat for Yorkshire puddings. Puddings may be baked while beef is standing. Place roasting pan on stovetop. Add wine to roasting pan and simmer over moderately high heat, scraping up any brown bits, until reduced to about 12 cup. Add demiglace, jelly, horseradish, vegetables, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer, stirring occasionally, until heated through. Discard string and, with a sharp knife, remove rib bones. Thinly slice beef and serve over Yorkshire puddings with gravy.navailable at specialty foods shops.nIn a blender blend flour, salt, eggs and milk until just smooth. Chill batter, covered, 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Arrange four 5 12inch pie plates in a large shallow baking pan and spoon 1 tablespoon beef fat into each. Put baking pan in middle of oven for 5 minutes to heat oil. Quickly pour 12 cup batter into each pie plate and bake in the middle of oven until puddings are puffed and golden brown, about 18 minutes. With tongs, remove puddings from pie plates and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 rib tied prime beef rib roast from small end, about 4 12 pounds trimmed, 2 teaspoons Kosher salt, Pepper, to taste, 2 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 16 pearl onions, 3 carrots, thinly and diagonally sliced, 3 celery ribs, thinly and diagonally sliced, 2 portobello mushrooms, stems removed and cap cut into 8 wedges, 1 13 cups Merlot or other dry red wine, 1 cup veal or beef demiglace, 2 tablespoons red currant jelly, 34 teaspoon drained bottled horseradish, 3 tablespoons chopped flat leafed parsley, Accompaniment: 4 Yorkshire puddings, 1 cup all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil or reserved beef fat from prime rib], title: Sara Moulton Prime Rib with Yorkshire Puddings, picturelink: null}, 2310: {instructions: In a medium bowl combine the fennel, coriander, sesame seeds, pepper and salt.nSlice the yellowtail into two pieces, each roughly 1 12by1 12by6inches. Generously rub the seasoning on all sides.nHeat the canola oil in a large nonstick saute pan set over high heat. Once the oil starts to smoke a bit, carefully add the yellowtail. Sear each piece on all four sides until browned, 30 seconds to 1 minute per side. The center of the fish should still be rare. Place the cooked yellowtail on a plate to cool, then refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour. The fish will be easier to slice if its cold.nIn a medium bowl combine the creme fraiche, horseradish and lemon zest.nUsing a sharp knife, gently slice the yellowtail in 12inchthick pieces. Spread a spoonful of the horseradish crema on top of the rice crackers. Place the sliced yellowtail on top of the crema. Break off small pieces of the nori and place on top of the yellowtail to garnish., ingredients: [3 tablespoons fennel seeds, ground, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, ground, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 pound yellowtail fillet, skin removed, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, One 3 12ounce package rice crackers, 2 sheets nori or dried seaweed snakes, for garnish], title: Seared Yellowtail with Horseradish Crema, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 2311: {instructions: For the stewed beef: Sprinkle the meat with the salt. In a Dutch oven, brown the stew meat in the olive oil over high heat until browned, about 2 minutes. Reduce to medium heat and add the garlic, celery, green onions, yellow onions, poblano peppers and bell peppers saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chili powder, cumin, crushed red pepper and beef broth, Stir, and then bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and cover the pot. Let simmer for 2 12 to 3 hours. Keep an eye on the pot as you may need to add more broth or water if it cooks down too much before meat is tender. Its ready when the meat is fork tender and the liquid has thickened into a stew.nFor the creamy cheese grits: Start preparing the grits during the last hour of cooking time. Heat the olive oil and saute the onions over medium heat, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth, 3 cups water, grits and salt and pepper stir and bring to a boil. Next, add the butter. Reduce the heat and cook on low, about 20 minutes. Be sure to stir often to prevent clumping. Add the halfandhalf and continue cooking until the grits are tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the stove, add the cheeses and stir until smooth and creamy. Add more halfandhalf as needed.nServe the stewed beef with the grits., ingredients: [3 pounds lean stew meat, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 4 stalks celery, diced, 1 bunch green onions, chopped, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 1 poblano pepper, diced, 1 whole red bell pepper, diced, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 4 cups lowsodium beef broth, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 whole yellow onion, diced, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 4 cups grits, Pinch salt and ground pepper, 2 tablespoons light butter, 2 cups fat free halfandhalf, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 1 cup grated jack cheese], title: Lailas Stewed Beef with Creamy Cheese Grits, picturelink: F5AudzUJLxZd3itRJm73oZCCvE9R9m.}, 2312: {instructions: Heat oil in a large deep frying pan adding chopped onions and fry for 4 to 5 minutes on a medium heat until the onions are slightly brown. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for a further 1 or 2 minutes. Add the salt, turmeric and ground cumin.nTurn up the heat and further cook for another 1 minute then add the chicken. It is very crucial that spices are mixed within the pan at this point and stirred to ensure that the chicken cooks with texture and flavor. Add water after stirring the chicken into the spices. Turn down the heat slightly and stir in the garam masala and cream cook for a further 5 minutes. Serve sprinkled with green coriander., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 teaspoon julienned ginger, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 pound chicken, cooked, 1 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons garam masala, or to taste, 14 pint heavy cream, 2 teaspoons finely chopped coriander], title: Chicken Korma, picturelink: null}, 2313: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large glass baking dish preferably 8 by 11inches, add the sliced pears, the cinnamon and juice of 1 orange. Toss to combine and set aside. In a large bowl, combine the orange zest, flour, oats, sugar, butter, salt, and pecans. Using a pastry cutter, 2 knives or, your hands, mix the ingredients until they resemble crumbly peas. Sprinkle the mixture over the pears and bake for 35 to 45 minutes or until the pears are al dente and the crisp is golden brown.nWhile the crisp is baking, prepare the caramel. In a heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine the sugar, tequila, cinnamon, orange zest and orange juice. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly until golden brown, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and slowly add the halfandhalf or cream. The mixture will boil up as the cool dairy meets the hot sugar, so hold the pot away from you and take care not to add too much cold liquid at once. Keep the caramel warm over low heat until ready to serve.nTo serve, spoon the warm crisp onto serving plates and top with several tablespoons of the caramel. Remaining caramel can be brought to the table for guests who might enjoy a little extra or stored in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [8 to 10 Bartlett pears, cored and sliced, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup rolled oats or quickcooking oatmeal, 1 12 cups packed brown sugar, 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup chopped pecans, 2 cups granulated sugar, 14 cup good quality gold tequila, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 cup halfandhalf or heavy whipping cream], title: Pear Crisp with Spiced Tequila Caramel, picturelink: null}, 2314: {instructions: Preheat outdoor grill or hot air balloon, if handy.nTo assemble, onto a skewer, first slide on a shrimp, followed by a red pepper, then another shrimp, then a slice of zucchini, followed by another piece of shrimp, and finish with the mushroom at the end. Repeat with the other seven skewers. Set aside until ready to cook.nTo make the marinade, put all ingredients except salt and pepper in a blender. Puree mixture for 1 to 2 minutes, or until jalapeno pieces are broken down. Season with salt and black pepper and blend for another 10 seconds. Strain marinade through cheesecloth or fine sieve. Pour marinade into a clean spray bottle.nTo cook, spray each kabob with marinade and place on grill. Be sure when spraying, to spray away from flame. You will need to spray each kabob twice more before the shrimp are completely cooked. Again be sure to spray away from flame., ingredients: [8 metal skewers wooden skewers that have been soaked over overnight may be substituted24 mediumsized shrimp, cleaned, peeled, tail on, 1 large red bell pepper, cored, deseeded, diced into 8 large square pieces, 1 zucchini, sliced in 14inch round pieces, 8 button mushrooms, whole, 2 cups orange juice, 2 limes, juiced, 1 jalapeno pepper, deseeded, stem removed, roughly chop, 1 ounce Cuervo 1800 tequila, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon cumin, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Cuervo Marinated Shrimp Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 2315: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace the chicken on a rimmed sheet tray and drizzle with the olive oil. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Roast until the chicken registers 160 degrees F, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly. Remove and discard the skin, shred the chicken and set aside.nMelt the butter in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots, celery and onions and cook just until the vegetables begin to soften, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute longer. Add the chicken broth and bring to a simmer.nAdd the egg noodles to the simmering stock and continue cooking until the noodles are cooked through, about 10 minutes. Return the chicken to the pot along with petite peas and fresh thyme and heat through before serving. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper if necessary., ingredients: [5 large bonein, skinon chicken thighs about 2 pounds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 quarts lowsodium chicken broth, 2 12 cups oldfashioned egg noodles, 1 cup frozen petite peas, thawed, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves], title: Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 2316: {instructions: To make the batter, mix the corn starch, flour and baking powder, and then add 2 cups cold water.nTo make the breading, combine the breakfast cereal and panko, and mix together in a mixing bowl.nDissolve the sugar in 3 cups water on the stovetop, in pot set over low heat. Once dissolved, increase the heat to medium and cook until the mixture turns amber brown, 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the heavy cream, bacon, Sriracha and chile flakes.nPreheat the oil to 350 degrees F.nDip the chicken slices into the batter, then into the breading. Deepfry the chicken fingers 4 at a time until golden brown and cooked through. Serve with the red chile bacon caramel sauce., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 8 strips, 2 cups corn starch, 12 cup flour, 14 cup baking powder, 2 cups ground sweetened corn breakfast cereal, such as Capn Crunch, 23 cups ground panko, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons diced cooked bacon, 2 tablespoons Sriracha, plus more if needed, 1 tablespoon red chile flakes, Canola or vegetable oil, for frying], title: Capn Crunch Chicken Fingers and Red Chile Bacon Caramel Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2317: {instructions: For the compound butter: Add the butter, cream cheese, pepper jack, dill, parsley, paprika, garlic, 2 tablespoons salt and 1 tablespoon pepper to a food processor and pulse, occasionally scraping down the sides, until well combined. Place the compound butter on a piece of plastic wrap and roll it in a tube shape about 2inches in diameter, twisting the ends to secure. Place it in the freezer until completely solid, at least 3 hours.nDivide the chicken into four 8ounce patties. Remove the log of compound butter from the freezer and place it in the center of the chicken. Wrap the chicken around the compound butter and seal to form it tightly and evenly aroundlike a large egg shape.nFor the breading: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place a rack on top of a baking sheet.nSet up a dredging station with the flour, beaten eggs, seasoned Italian breadcrumbs and panko. Season each with 2 tablespoons salt and 1 tablespoon pepper. Dredge the chicken lightly in the flour, egg, then Italian breadcrumbs. Pass the chicken back through the egg and then finally in the panko for a second coating. Place on the prepared rack.nFill a pot with 2 to 3 inches of oil and heat to 350 degrees F. Fry the chicken until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Place the chicken back on the rack and bake until cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes. Let the chicken rest for 1 to 2 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup cream cheese, 14 cup grated pepper jack, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flat leaf parsley, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds boneless, skinless ground chicken mix of white and dark meat, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, beaten, 2 cups seasoned Italian breadcrumbs, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for frying], title: Chicken Kiev, picturelink: 3nd4sIAfIkXmY5cGOBm4uOX.Tym4o.}, 2318: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a saucepan and cover with 2 inches water. Generously season the water with salt. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer until tender, about 10 minutes.nWhile the potatoes cook, place the bacon in a cold skillet and turn to mediumlow heat. Add the olive oil and thyme to the pan. Saute the bacon and thyme until just starting to crisp, about 7 minutes we want to render the bacon slowly. Once the bacon has rendered some of its fat, add the onions to the bacon and cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the vinegar, butter and mustard.nOnce the potatoes are cooked, drain them and add immediately to the pan with the sauteed bacon. Stir to coat, adjusting the seasoning, if necessary. Add the remaining fresh herbs, toss and serve.nThis salad can be served warm or at room temperature.nCooks Note: Adding the potatoes while they are still warm will help them to soak up the flavors of the vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 pounds small red potatoes, halved, Kosher salt, 6 strips bacon, diced into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 12 red onion, diced, 34 cup champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chervil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh tarragon], title: Herby Potato Salad with Warm Bacon Vinaigrette, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 2319: {instructions: Preheat smoker using a mix of hickory and a few oak wood chips. The fire should burn down to the coals, not ash, when cooking the pork shoulder.nSeason the pork shoulder with a little salt and place the meat on the grill. Cover the smoker and let the pork smoke for 8 to 10 hours.nCombine the rest of the ingredients in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, stirring the sauce frequently. If you like your sauces a little spicier, add more black pepper. After about 20 minutes, remove the saucepan from the heat and set aside.nOnce the pork is finished cooking, remove from the smoker and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes. Then, hand pull, chop, or slice the pork. Serve the meat with some of the Lexington dipping sauce poured over the top., ingredients: [1 6 to 8pound pork shoulder, Salt, 1 12 cups cider vinegar, 10 tablespoons ketchup, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup water], title: Pulled Pork Shoulder with Lexington Style Dip Sauce, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 2320: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a skillet heat olive oil. Add carrot, celery and cook for 3 minutes. Then add mushrooms, garlic, oregano and cook, stirring for 3 minutes more. Stir in spaghetti sauce. Arrange manicotti tubes in a 9 x 13inch baking dish. Spoon sauce over manicotti and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Place in oven and cook for 20 minutes. Uncover and bake for 5 to 10 minutes more until bubbling and heated through. Serve each portion topped with fresh parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup diced carrots, 12 cup diced celery, 1 cup drained canned mushrooms, 2 cloves minced garlic, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 3 cups bottled spaghetti sauce use your favorite brand, 8 large refrigerated manicotti tubes, 3 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, 14 cup minced fresh parsleygarnish], title: Manicotti Store Bought Version, picturelink: null}, 2321: {instructions: While the hotwater tap runs, put the rice in a 2quart saucepan. Add 2 cups hot tap water and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to low, cover and cook for 10 minutes. Stir sliced scallions into cooked rice.nMeanwhile, put the oil in a large, deep, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Peel the garlic. Peel and quarter the onion. Trim and quarter the celery. Chop the garlic, onion, red and green peppers and celery. Transfer to the skillet, raise the heat to high and cook for 5 minutes, stirring once or twice.nWhile the vegetables cook, open the can or tomatoes and chop the thyme leaves. Add the tomatoes, thyme, chicken stock, bay leaves, wine and hot sauce to the skillet, cover and bring to a boil. Meanwhile, dice the ham. Add the ham, stir well, cover and cook for 3 minutes.nAdd the shrimp, stir well, cover and cook for 2 minutes. Meanwhile, chop the chives. Add the cooked rice to the skillet, stir, cover and bring to a boil. Turn off the heat and taste for seasoning. Transfer to soup plates sprinkled with the chives and serve with garlic bread or corn bread., ingredients: [1 cup basmati rice, 2 scallions, sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste, 1 12 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil, 3 cloves garlic, 1 medium onion, about 8 ounces, 2 medium ribs celery, 1 cup chopped green peppers, 1 cup red peppers, 1 8ounce can tomatoes, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 3 cups chicken stock or 2 cups clam juice and 1 cup water, 3 bay leaves, 12 cup white wine, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste, 1 cup diced ham, 1 pound shelled raw shrimp, 6 chives], title: Jambalaya, picturelink: null}, 2322: {instructions: For the classic truffle: Boil heavy cream and sugar. In a separate bowl add your finely chopped chocolate. Once cream has been brought up to a boil, pour it slowly over the chocolate while whisking, then add the butter. Once combined, set aside in a cool place, but not in the refrigerator.nThe coconut truffle: Same procedure as above, but add toasted coconut to the mixture.nFor dipping truffles, have some chocolate melting over a double boiler. The water should be simmering and not boiling or you will burn the chocolate. The truffles can be piped onto a sheet of parchment paper in small dollops and chilled slightly or it can be scooped out with a small teaspoon and rolled by hand, or finally use our Me a Chocolatier kit small hollow chocolate shells. You can dip in the melted chocolate andor you can roll in the cocoa powder or toasted coconut., ingredients: [1 quart heavy cream, 250 grams sugar, 2 pounds 70 percent dark chocolate, finely chopped, 14 pound butter, 25 ounces heavy cream, 250 grams sugar, 2 pounds white chocolate, finely chopped, 14 pound butter, 4 tablespoons toasted coconut, Melted chocolate, for dipping, Cocoa powder, for rolling, Toasted coconut, for rolling], title: The Classic Truffle and the Coconut Truffle, picturelink: UhhOHDwnyK.222sICnKC2uhX8RIlCme}, 2323: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 20 minutes or 12 wooden chopsticks sliced half way down the middlenIn a large mixing bowl, combine the sugar, fish sauce, honey, and pepper. Mix until the sugar has dissolved. Add the bashed spring onion, garlic, and sliced pork neck.nCoat the pork well then enclose the flavors with the vegetable oil. Let the mixture marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours or overnight, for a better result.nPreheat a grill on medium to high heat. Thread the pork onto the skewers and char grill on medium to high heat for 1 to 2 minutes on each side, or until brown and cooked through.nDivide the cooked vermicelli noodle among 4 to 6 bowls, add the mint, perilla leaves, Vietnamese mint, cucumber, and bean sprouts, then add 1 to 2 pork skewers to each bowl.nDress each bowl with 2 tablespoons of dipping fish sauce, a teaspoon of spring onion oil, and sprinkle fried Asian shallots and crushed peanuts on top.nCombine the fish sauce, vinegar, sugar, and water in a saucepan and place on medium heat. Stir well and cook until just before boiling point is reached, then allow to cool. To serve, finely chop the garlic and chile and stir through with the lime juice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 spring onions white part only, finely sliced, and pounded in mortar and pestle to a paste, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 18 ounces pork neck, finely sliced across the grain into 18inch thick pieces, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 9 ounces cooked rice vermicelli noodle, 5 fresh mint leaves, sliced, 5 fresh perilla leaves, sliced, 5 fresh Vietnamese mint leaves, sliced, 1 Lebanese cucumber, halved and sliced, 2 handfuls bean sprouts, 4 tablespoons spring onion oil, 12 cup Dipping Fish Sauce, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons fried red Asian shallots see Cooks Note, 4 tablespoons crushed roasted peanuts, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 ounces or 12 cup water, 2 cloves garlic, 1 chile, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice], title: Char Grilled Pork Neck with Vermicelli Noodles: Bun Thit Nuong, picturelink: h2lUmE4Z5UoIfPAGQEEQWGreQAcA2o6}, 2324: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, mix the potato pearls with the butter, parsley, and salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nPreheat a flattop griddle or medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the mahi fillet with the herb butter, salt, and pepper. Top the fillet with the potato pearl mixture. Place the fish on the hot griddle, with the potato pearl side down. Sear on each side until golden brown. Place the fillet in a nonreactive pie pan, and then add 3 tablespoons lime broth, 2 tablespoons water, and the white wine. Place the pan in the oven, and bake for 8 minutes. Remove fish to a large serving bowl with the roasted garlic and remaining lime broth. Top with the fried spinach, and garnish with the lemon and parsley sprig., ingredients: [1ounce potato pearls, 14ounce butter, softened, 1 teaspoon chopped parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12ounce mahi fillet, 12 tablespoon herb butter, 3 tablespoons garlic lime broth, plus another 3 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons white wine, 5 cloves garlic, roasted, 12ounce fried spinach, 1 lemon wedge, for garnish, 1 sprig parsley, for garnish], title: Potato Crusted Mahi, picturelink: null}, 2325: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and thyme and cook, stirring, until the onion softens, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the butternut and kabocha squash in a large microwavesafe bowl with 1 cup water. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave until the squash is just tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and add the squash to the skillet along with the garlic, mace, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, about 3 minutes. Add the broth and cook until it is mostly absorbed, about 5 more minutes. Stir in the heavy cream and cook until slightly thickened, 2 minutes.nMelt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in the microwave and toss with the breadcrumbs, parmesan and parsley season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle over the squash, then top with the gruyere. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until golden, about 30 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes before serving.nHow to break down butternut squash:nCut about 1 inch off the bottom end with a chefs knife. Scoop out the seeds.nHold the squash against your body and remove the skin with a vegetable peeler chop.nHow to break down kabocha squash:nQuarter the squash with a chefs knife, then scoop out the seeds.nPut each quarter flatside down and cut off the skin with a paring knife chop the squash.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 small butternut squash, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 small kabocha squash, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon ground mace, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup lowsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup grated gruyere cheese about 2 ounces], title: Squash Gratin, picturelink: pjHFdxjE3pNWfllKQhTfI1gb85YG6}, 2326: {instructions: In a blender, combine chicken broth, Parmesan, olive oil, mustard, garlic, and anchovy paste. Puree until smooth and blended.nTransfer lettuce to a large bowl and top with chicken, tomatoes and croutons. Pour dressing over salad just before serving., ingredients: [1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 12 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 6 cups chopped Romaine lettuce, 2 cups cooked chicken, cut into 1inch cubes or shredded, 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, 1 cup herbseasoned croutons], title: Chicken Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 2327: {instructions: Heat a saute pan over medium heat. Add the spinach, oil, sugar and soy sauce. Cook the spinach, stirring, until the leaves are just wilted, about 3 minutes. Spread the spinach out flat on a plate to cool quickly in the refrigerator for 10 minutes. This will keep it a vivid green.nWhen the spinach is cool, taste and correct seasoning. Pile in a bowl and sprinkle with toasted sesame seeds., ingredients: [2 bunches spinach, about 2 pounds, stems removed, washed well and dried, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds], title: Spinach with Sesame Seeds, picturelink: null}, 2328: {instructions: Combine the tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce, red pepper flakes and paprika in a 5to6quart slow cooker. Add the ham, beans, bay leaf and thyme. Pour in 4 cups water cover and cook on low, undisturbed, 8 hours.nPour the tomatoes into a bowl and crush them with your hands. Add the tomatoes and their juices, the scallions and garlic to the slow cooker. Cover and cook 30 more minutes.nRemove the ham from the slow cooker and transfer to a cutting board to cool slightly before slicing. Set aside about onethird of the ham and 3 cups of the stewed bean mixture to make Ham Jambalaya. Serve the remaining ham with the bean mixture.nTurn leftovers into Ham JambalayanPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon hot paprika, 1 4to5pound bonein picnic ham, 1 pound dried butter beans or lima beans, 1 bay leaf, 4 sprigs thyme, 1 28ounce can whole fireroasted tomatoes, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced], title: SlowCooked Ham and Beans, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 2329: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel the bananas and cut into 1inch pieces. Freeze until completely solid, preferably overnight.nPulse the banana chunks, coconut oil and 2 tablespoons of the raspberry jam in a food processor to begin breaking the bananas up. Stop, scrape down the sides and stir the mixture up a few times to help it along. Keep pulsing until the mixture is smooth like ice cream.nTo serve, swirl the remaining tablespoon of jam into the mixture. Eat right away, or freeze in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 very ripe bananas, 1 tablespoon extravirgin coconut oil, 3 tablespoons raspberry jam], title: 3Ingredient Banana, Raspberry and Coconut Ice Cream, picturelink: mDJF3mdyJtA7Ke0CJp0p3zLJOSYfq}, 2330: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a baking sheet. Bake until toasted, about 8 minutes. Let cool, then chop.nCoat a 9inch square baking dish with cooking spray. Line with parchment paper, leaving an overhang coat the parchment with cooking spray.nMake the cheesecake batter: Beat the cream cheese and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until creamy, about 3 minutes. Beat in 1 egg and 12 teaspoon vanilla until combined set aside.nMake the blondie batter: Whisk the flour, baking powder and fine salt in a medium bowl. Whisk the melted butter and brown sugar in a large bowl whisk in the remaining 2 eggs and 1 teaspoon vanilla until combined. Fold in the flour mixture with a rubber spatula until just combined. Stir in 34 cup pecans.nSpread half of the blondie batter in the prepared pan. Top with half of the cheesecake batter in spoonfuls. Warm the caramel sauce in the microwave, then drizzle between the spoonfuls of cheesecake batter. Top with the remaining blondie batter, then the remaining cheesecake batter in spoonfuls. Using the tip of a butter knife, gently swirl together to create a marbled effect.nBake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 50 to 55 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes in the pan, then lift the blondies out of the pan using the parchment and transfer to a rack. Drizzle with more caramel sauce and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup pecans and the fleur de sel. Refrigerate until completely cooled, about 2 hours. Cut into squares.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 cup pecans, Cooking spray, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons highquality caramel sauce, plus more for topping, 12 teaspoon fleur de sel], title: Salted Caramel Cheesecake Blondies, picturelink: Ono.goGUBnrzglNGMHuVzda37Lwk.4W}, 2331: {instructions: In a saute pan with straight sides or a medium pot, add the olive oil and raise the heat to mediumhigh. Add the onions and season with a pinch of salt and grind or 2 of pepper. Cook the onions, stirring and moving around, until tender and translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and lower the heat. Continue cooking until fragrant and tender, about 2 minutes. Add the string beans and season with salt and pepper. Stir to coat, and then add the chicken stock. Raise the heat to a simmer and cover. Cook until the green beans are very tender, about 25 minutes. Spritz with lemon just before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup onions, halved and sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp, 1 12 pounds fresh string beans, sliced into thirds, 1 cup chicken stock, Lemon wedge, for spritzing], title: Easy String Beans and Onions, picturelink: muGnQMT5ajkxCmgPTvqAvZc0wVZ5kRC}, 2332: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, mix together flour, salt, and sugar until well combined. Using clean hands, add butter and toss until just coated. Rub butter between thumb and forefingers to incorporate into flour mixture until butter is in lima beansized pieces and comes together in quartersized clumps when squeezed in palm, about 2 minutes. Add shortening, toss until just coated in flour, then rub into flour mixture until mixture forms peasize pieces some big chunks should remain and comes together in fistsized clumps when squeezed, about 1 minute. Drizzle in half ice water and rake through mixture with fingers until just moistened. Drizzle in remaining water 1 tablespoon at a time and comb through mixture with fingers to moisten. It will go from being a shaggy mess to coming together. Dough is moist enough when it is moistened through but is not wet when pressed. Do not overwork the dough or it will become tough.nWhile rotating the bowl with 1 hand, push dough between other palm and side of bowl to gather into a ball. Turn dough onto a piece of plastic wrap, press it into a flat disk, then close in wrap. Place in coldest part of refrigerator usually back bottom shelf at least 30 minutes before rolling out and forming into a crust., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon table salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, small dice, 14 cup shortening, 7 to 8 tablespoons ice water], title: Perfectly Flaky Pie Crust, picturelink: prDxh2jDIZmr1aXLCdOKsETVZoBa1O}, 2333: {instructions: Cook linguine according to directions on box. Clean clam and let sit in a tub of water. In large pot heat oil. Add garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add parsley, anchovy and white wine. Let simmer. Drain clams and add to pot. Cover to steam. Once clams have opened, serve over pasta., ingredients: [12 pound linguine, 36 littleneck clams, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 tablespoon parsley, minced, 1 anchovy fillet, chopped, 34 cup white wine], title: Linguine with White Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2334: {instructions: In a bowl combine marinade ingredients.nCombine chopped pork with chicken livers and sliced veal, and mix together with marinade. Cover and refrigerate for 2 days. Saute shallots in butter. Add brandy and reduce by half.nRemove parsley sprigs and add marinade and marinated meats to a food processor along with the shallot mixture. Puree. Add diced fat, thyme and lightly beaten egg and pulse to mix. Line terrine with strips of fatback. Add pate mixture and cover it with the fat flaps. Put bay leaf pattern on top of fat and cover with aluminum foil, close the terrine lid and seal with flour and water paste. Preheat oven to 175 degrees. Place terrine in BainMarie. Fill with hot water 23 up the sides of roasting pan. Bake for 2 to 3 hours, or until instant read thermometer registers 165 degrees.nRemove terrine from BainMarie, remove lid and weight down the pate, and bring to room temperature. Chill in refrigerator overnight, still weighted. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 23 cups chopped pork, 12 cup sliced veal, 23 cup chicken livers, 14 cup shallots, 1 12 tablespoons of butter, 1 12 tablespoons of brandy, 1 13 cups diced fat, 14 teaspoon of dried thyme, 1 egg, lightly beaten, Strips of fatback, Bay leaves, Flour and water to make paste, 14 teaspoons garlic, chopped, 6 juniper berries, 23 teaspoons olive oil, Dash ground all spice, Salt and pepper to taste, 3 whole parsley sprigs, 2 tablespoons of cognac, 6 ounces of fatty pork stock made from breast and leg bones], title: Pate du Porc, picturelink: null}, 2335: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake the potatoes until soft, about 40 minutes depending on the size.nHeat the oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F.nRemove the potatoes from the oven. Scoop out the flesh and transfer to a bowl for use in the Root Vegetable Mash, recipe follows. Place the potato skins into the fryer until they become brown and crispy. Remove the skins, place on paper towels and season with salt, and pepper, to taste. Let cool to room temperature.nMix the crab with the mayonnaise, Dijon, green onions, and chives. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. Spoon the mixture into the potato skins.nFor the Root Vegetable Mash:nCook all the potatoes, parsnips, carrots, and salsify in salted boiling water for about 30 minutes, or until tender. Add the inside of the potatoes from the Crab Salad Stuffed Potato Skins, recipe follows, if desired to the rest of the vegetables. Mash the vegetables along with the cream and butter. Season the vegetables with salt, and pepper, to taste. Keep warm., ingredients: [Crab Salad, 3 Yukon gold potatoes, 2 cups crab chunks, picked over for shells, 14 cup prepared mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 green onions, finely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped fresh chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for frying, Root Vegetable Mash, 2 Yukon gold potatoes, 4 parsnips, 2 carrots, 2 salsify, 14 cup 35percent whipping cream, 14 cup butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Crab Salad Stuffed Potato Skins, picturelink: null}, 2336: {instructions: Combine the stock, beans, peppercorns, garlic, 1 sprig rosemary, the bay leaf, carrots and onions in a large pot. Bring to a simmer and slowly cook until the beans are tender. Drain and reserve 34 cup of the liquid. Discard the rosemary, bay leaf and carrots.nPuree the beans, half the reserved liquid and the chestnuts in a food processor or blender until smooth, using additional liquid if necessary. Finish with the olive oil and some salt.nHeat a saucepan over medium heat. Add the guanciale and 2 tablespoons water. Cook slowly until the water evaporates, and then caramelize the guanciale. Remove the guanciale and reserve the fat. Add the pears to the pan and cook until tender, and then drain.nBrush the baguette slices with olive oil and toast. Assemble each bruschetta with a spoonful of the puree, caramelized guanciale and pears, and garnish with the remaining rosemary., ingredients: [2 cups chicken stock, 12 cup dry cannellini or other white beans, soaked in water overnight, 6 black peppercorns, 2 cloves garlic, halved, 1 12 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 1 carrot, roughly chopped, 12 white onion, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for brushing, Sea salt or kosher salt, 12 cup chestnuts, roasted and shelled, 4 ounces guanciale, cut into lardons, 5 Comice pears, diced, reserved in water with juice of 1 lemon, 1 baguette, sliced into 20 pieces], title: Chestnut and White Bean Puree with Guanciale and Caramelized Pear, picturelink: null}, 2337: {instructions: Combine all ingredients, except salt, in a blender and pulse until frothy and well combined. Rim glasses with lime juice using a lime wedge then dip in margarita salt, drop some fresh pomegranate seeds in the bottom of the glass and pour margarita mix over the top., ingredients: [14 cup pomegranate juice, store bought is fine, plus seeds for garnish, 13 cup Tequila Blanco about 4 ounces, 18 cup Triple Sec about 1ounce, 14 cup fresh lime juice about 2 ounces, 12 ounces ice cubes, Margarita salt, optional], title: Pomegranate Margaritas, picturelink: Ay2WR.N8SXGhj7kQv2RJIucxmE1so0y}, 2338: {instructions: Fill a large steamer or soup pot, with about 2 inches of water, add the salt and squeeze in the lemon juice toss the halves in there too for extra flavor. Bring to a boil over medium heat.nPlace the lobsters in the steamer basket or directly in the pot, cover, and allow to steam until they turn bright red, about 15 minutes. Remove the lobsters from the pot and cool to room temperature, and then chill thoroughly before cracking open. Serve with lemon wedges and LemonCaper Mayonnaise as part of a raw shellfish bar.nCombine all ingredients in a mixing bowl and blend with a wooden spoon to combine. Set aside to allow the flavors to marry. Serve as a dipping sauce with steamed lobster and poached shrimp.nYield: 3 cups, ingredients: [4 live lobsters 1 12 pounds each, 2 lemons, halved, plus more for serving, 1 tablespoon sea salt, LemonCaper Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 3 cups mayonnaise, 4 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 2 lemons, juiced, 3 tablespoons capers, drained and coarsely chopped, 2 handfuls chopped flatleaf parsley, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steamed Lobster, picturelink: null}, 2339: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line two 8inch nonstick cake pans with parchment paper.nCombine the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. In a second bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, espresso, coconut oil, vanilla and eggs. Make a well in the dry ingredients and add in the wet mixture, whisking until just combined.nDivide the batter evenly between the two prepared cake pans. Bake on the center rack until puffed, the sides pull away from the edges and an inserted cake tester comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove the cakes from the oven, immediately cover them with clean kitchen towels and press any domed portions downu00bfcareful, its hot This will help make sure that you dont have to level the cakes. Allow the cakes to cool in their pans to room temperature. When completely cooled, invert onto plates.nFor the icing: Using a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the cream cheese and butter on medium speed, about 2 minutes. Turn off the mixer and scrape down the sides with a spatula to ensure everything is evenly mixed. Add the peanut butter and mix on medium speed to combine. Again, turn the mixer off. Mix in the powdered sugar, 1 cup at a time, on LOW speed or else youll have powdered sugar everywhere. Add the vanilla and mix once more.nTransfer the icing to a piping bag. Ice the top of one cake layer, using a circular motion, starting from the outside and gradually moving to the center do not ice the sides of the cake. Set the second cake layer on top of the first and repeat with the icing again, do not ice the sides. Drag the back of a spoon in a sidetoside motion across the icing on top to lend a beautifully textured look to the icing.nSprinkle the iced cake with the chopped peanuts. Store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup buttermilk, 34 cup espresso, warm, 14 cup unrefined coconut oil, warmed, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 12 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, room temperature, 23 cup creamy peanut butter, 3 cups powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup roughly chopped darkly roasted salted peanuts, for garnish], title: Chocolate and Espresso Layer Cake with Peanut Butter Icing, picturelink: vUS8rPLnWtYpK9mbUB3MoM394CtC.}, 2340: {instructions: Soak quinoa in a bowl of cold water and rub the quinoa between your hands. Drain and repeat the process a couple of times. Combine quinoa with 8 cups of cold water and bring to a boil.nLower heat and simmer from 8 to 10 minutes or until just cooked and grains have turned translucent. Take care not to overcook quinoa should have some crunch to it. Drain but do not rinse and transfer to a 13 x 9inch pan to cool fluff with fork and hold until ready to eat.nHeat olive oil in a large skillet. Add ginger and carrot and saute for about a minute, stirring frequently. Add bell peppers and saute for 2 minutes to soften. Add peas and corn and saute a minute to heat through. Add quinoa and saute long enough, stirring, just to reheat. Season to taste with salt and peppernRemove the quinoa from heat and stir in scallions, mint and almonds serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup quinoa, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 1 small carrot, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 12 red and yellow bell pepper, seeded and cut into 14 inch dice, 12 cup each thawed frozen petite peas and corn kernels, salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup finely sliced scallions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 14 cup very finely chopped almonds], title: Vegetable Quinoa, picturelink: null}, 2341: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 9by13inch baking dish with cooking spray. Spread the challah and cornbread on separate baking sheets and bake until lightly toasted and dry transfer to a large bowl.nHeat the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, garlic and celery and cook until the onions are translucent, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the sage, parsley and 2 cups chicken broth and bring to a boil. Add salt to taste and 1 teaspoon pepper.nPour the broth mixture over the bread in the bowl and mix with a wooden spoon until combined. Whisk the remaining 14 cup chicken broth with the egg in a small bowl add to the stuffing mixture and toss to combine. Spoon the stuffing into the prepared baking dish, pressing it down gently so it is evenly distributed. Bake until dry on top and golden brown, about 1 hour., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for the baking dish, 4 cups cubed challah bread, 4 cups cubed cornbread, 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 onions, diced, 6 cloves garlic, sliced, 4 stalks celery, diced, 13 cup fresh sage leaves, chopped, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 2 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large egg], title: Favorite Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 2342: {instructions: Place the rice in a pot, with a lid and fill with 3 cups water. Stir to moisten the rice, then drain and repeat until the water runs clear. When all excess starch and impurities have been removed in this way, let the rice stand to completely drain for 15 minutes. In the meantime, wash and dry the pot to have it ready to cook the rice. Return the cleansed rice to the pot and add 2 13 cups water. Cover and bring to a vigorous boil over mediumhigh heat. Do not remove the lid during any stage of the cooking process. Reduce heat to medium and let cook for 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and let cook for 15 minutes, still leaving lid undisturbed. Remove rice from heat and let stand with lid still on pot for 5 more minutes.nWhile the rice is cooking, make the vinegar mixture. In a small saucepan, combine the vinegar, salt, and miso over medium heat, stirring until the ingredients are integrated. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.nSeparate the grains of rice with a wooden spatula and transfer to a shallow bowl, preferably wooden. Stir in enough of the vinegar to make the rice stick together in clumps when you squeeze some in the palm of your hand. Do not add too much vinegar mixture it is better to have some left over than to overmoisten the whole batch of rice.nCover the bowl with a clean kitchen towel and allow to cool to room temperature before using in a sushi recipe.nNote: This sushi rice recipe can be used in conjunction with the recipes for the elements of the Bento Box of sushi hors doeuvres made on the episode which included: Traditional Osaka Style Sushi, Rice Balls, Maki, and Nigiri Sushi.nYield: 6 34 cups vinegared sushi rice for use in sushi recipes, enough for approximately 6 servings of sushi depending on the recipe, ingredients: [2 12 cups short grain Japanese rice use only rice known as Gohan  rice of the plant variety Japonica  which is very sticky, 2 13 cups water, 38 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons salt, 38 cup miso soybean paste], title: Sushi Rice, picturelink: null}, 2343: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nHeat the olive oil in a deepsided skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta to the pan and cook until lightly browned. Reduce the heat to medium and stir in the onions cook until softened. Stir in the peas to heat through, and then add the Parmesan and cream.nCook the pasta in the boiling water until al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Taste a noodle before draining to make sure its cooked. Drain the pasta, reserving 14 cup of the pasta water, and add the pasta to the sauce. Stir to coat the pasta in the sauce, adding the reserved pasta water if necessary to thin out the sauce. Taste, and then season with some salt and pepper. Serve the pasta with extra Parmesan., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup chopped pancetta, 12 small onion, chopped, 14 cup frozen peas, thawed, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 8 ounces fresh spaghetti or fettuccine, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Spaghetti with Creamy Pancetta Sauce, picturelink: OCuudnrXKmOLHI5QHEZPdbrPHDWDEm.}, 2344: {instructions: In a small saucepan, melt butter. When foaming subsides, stir in flour and cook, stirring continuously for about a minute or two. Whisk in the milk, bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes. Add horseradish, mustard and vinegar and remove from heat. Stir in sour cream and season with salt and pepper.nIn a small saucepan, melt butter. When foaming subsides, stir in flour and cook, stirring continuously for about a minute or two. Whisk in the milk, bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes. Add horseradish, mustard and vinegar and remove from heat. Stir in sour cream and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 cup milk, 2 to 3 tablespoons white horseradish, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 2 to 4 tablespoons sour cream, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 cup milk, 2 to 3 tablespoons white horseradish, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 2 to 4 tablespoons sour cream, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Horseradish Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2345: {instructions: Chocolate Ring:nBegin by melting the milk and white chocolate. Cut 4 sterilized, foodsafe flexible plastic strips 1 12 inches wide and 5 inches long. Spread a thin layer of milk chocolate on the plastic strips. Using the tine of a fork, scrape the length of the strip through the chocolate to create lines. Spread a layer of white chocolate immediately, directly over and then fold to form a ring. Seal edge with a plastic strip. Set aside to harden.nPreheat the oven to 360 degrees F.nMix the sponge by whisking the eggs and sugar on high speed for 15 minutes, until pale yellow and thick. Take out of the mixer and fold in by hand the sifted flour, chopped macadamia nuts, and melted butter. Spread thinly on a buttered, floured and parchment lined baking tray and bake for 15 minutes.nLower the oven to 340 degrees F.nTo roast pineapple, begin by cutting the pineapple into grape size pieces and then toss in sugar and spices. Bake for 2 hours. Let cool.nTo caramelize the macadamia nuts, first warm the nuts in the oven for 5 minutes. While nuts are warming, place the sugar in a small saucepan and cook over medium heat until the sugar melts and turns an amber color, about 10 minutes. Carefully add the nuts to the sugar mixture and stir to coat the nuts. Carefully remove from the pan and cool on a marble table or baking tray.nTo make mousse, boil the milk, remove from the heat and add the gelatin while mixing in the white chocolate. Cool down slightly before folding in the whipped cream.nTo make the jelly, melt the gelatin with the mango puree and strain into a container for future use.nTo plate, place a circle of sponge in the base of the chocolate ring, sprinkle with chopped caramelized macadamias. Pipe 13 of the cup with mousse place a spoonful of pineapple mix, top with mousse and a layer of mango jelly. Place in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours. Once chilled, remove the plastic strip, top with caramelized macadamia nuts and macadamia sponge.nServe immediately., ingredients: [6 ounces milk chocolate, 2 ounces white chocolate, 12 ounces eggs, 1 cup plus 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups cake flour, sifted, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 6 ounces finely chopped macadamia nuts, 7 ounces pineapple, 1 cup sugar, 12 ounce star anise, 12 ounce cinnamon stick, 1 vanilla pod, 6 tablespoons butter, 12 ounces macadamia nuts, 23 cup sugar, 6 ounces milk, 1 gelatin leaf, 8 ounces white chocolate, 12 ounces whipped cream, 4 tablespoons mango puree, 4 teaspoons gelatin], title: Roasted Pineapple with White Chocolate Caramelized Macadamia Nuts, picturelink: null}, 2346: {instructions: Combine the mortadella, pancetta, provolone, salami, tomatoes, dressing, onions, lettuce and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Toss to combine and coat.nCarve out the center of the round loaf without cutting through the bottom to make a bowl. Put the dip into the bread bowl and top with the basil and giardiniera. Serve with the sliced bread., ingredients: [8 ounces mortadella, diced, 4 ounces sliced pancetta, crisped and coarsely chopped, 4 ounces provolone, diced, 4 ounces genoa salami, diced, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup creamy balsamic dressing, 1 medium onion, diced, 12 head iceberg lettuce, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 10inch round Italian loaf, 14 cup thinly sliced chiffonade fresh basil, 14 cup hot giardiniera packed in oil, coarsely chopped, Sliced seeded Italian loaf, for serving], title: Windy City Deli Dip, picturelink: q0w3QEh.hYYfgWIGRG5qUEkjraBbebO}, 2347: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil add the tomatillos, jalapenos, onion, and garlic. Simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, until the tomatillos are soft. Drain and cool slightly, then put them in a blender. Add the cilantro, lime juice, and cumin. Puree for a few seconds to blend, and then pour in about a 14 cup of water and process to a coarse puree taste and season with a generous pinch of salt. You should have about 2 cups of this salsa verde.nMake a roux by melting the butter over mediumlow heat in a thickbottomed saucepan. Just as the foam subsides, sprinkle in the flour, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or whisk to prevent lumps. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes to remove the starchy taste from the flour dont allow it to brown. Gradually whisk in the chicken stock and simmer for 8 minutes to thicken. Once you have a good base, fold in 2 cups of the shredded Jack cheese mix until completely melted into a sauce. Stir in the prepared salsa verde until incorporated remove the green chili cheese sauce from the heat.nMake a quick salsa by combining the cherry tomatoes, onions, jalapeno, cilantro, and lime juice in a bowl season with salt and pepper, tossing to combine.nTo build these awesome nachos: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Get a very large ovenproof platter and cover it with a few handfuls of tortilla chips, follow with a portion of the shredded chicken, a coating of the cheese sauce, and a nice sprinkle of the remaining shredded jack. Make 3 or 4 layers of the nachos, depending on the size of the platter. Bake the nachos until they are all hot and gooey, about 5 to 10 minutes.nSpoon the tomato salsa over the top of the nachos and serve with the sour cream on the side., ingredients: [4 medium tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 2 jalapenos, stemmed, 12 medium onion, peeled and quartered, 2 garlic clove, peeled, 1 handful fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon toasted cumin seeds, Kosher salt, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock, at room temperature, 4 cups shredded Jack cheese, 1 1pound bag salted corn tortilla chips, 1 3pound whole roasted chicken, meat finely shredded, skin and bones discarded, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 green onions, white and green parts, chopped, 1 jalapeno, chopped, 2 handfuls fresh cilantro leaves, hand shredded, 2 limes, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sour cream and guacamole, for serving], title: Roasted Chicken Nachos With Green ChiliCheese Sauce, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 2348: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil, then reduce it to a simmer. Add the milk, halfandhalf, sugar, and cinnamon, and simmer for 15 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer an additional 30 minutes. Strain and serve hot or cold., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 14 cup milk, 14 cup halfandhalf, 13 cup sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 2 teaspoons whole cloves, 2 teaspoons cardamom seeds, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Yogi Tea, picturelink: null}, 2349: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat oil and butter and add celery and onions, sauteing until translucent. Add flour to make a roux. Add clam juice and mix well to integrate flavors. Reduce heat to low, add cream and bring slowly to a simmer. Add potatoes, and let cook until just fork tender. As potatoes begin to soften, stir in clams and continue to simmer until clams become opaque, but be careful not to overcook the potatoes. Season with salt, pepper and crab boil seasoning, to taste., ingredients: [18 cup vegetable oil, 1 34 cups butter 3 12 sticks, 2 cups medium diced celery, 2 cups medium diced onions, 1 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 quart clam juice, 1 pint heavy cream, 6 large potatoes, peeled and diced medium, 2 pounds fresh shucked manila clams approximately 12 to 14 dozen manila clams in shell, 3 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons pepper, 2 tablespoons crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay], title: Manila Clam Chowder, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 2350: {instructions: Cut the watermelon flesh from the rind, leaving only a 14inch layer of pink flesh on the rind. Reserve the flesh for another purpose. Cut the green outer skin from the rind and discard cut the rind into 1by2inch pieces. Combine the vinegar, sugar, allspice, salt, black and Sichuan peppercorns, cinnamon, ginger and 12 cup water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring regularly, until the sugar and salt dissolve, about 5 minutes. Add the watermelon rinds and bring the mixture back to a boil, placing a heavy object such as a heatproof plate on top to keep the rinds submerged. Reduce the heat and simmer until the rinds are tender when pierced with a fork, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool completely.nTransfer to airtight containers and cover. Refrigerate at least overnight before serving. The pickled watermelon rinds can be kept in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [One 4pound watermelon, 1 14 cups apple cider vinegar, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon whole allspice berries, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 4 whole black peppercorns, 2 whole Sichuan peppercorns, 1 cinnamon stick, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced], title: Pickled Watermelon Rinds, picturelink: TcNkqwoyoQxOveqSY1Ji6FxF4cgzWj6}, 2351: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnMix the sesame seeds with salt.nPlace the spring onions, lemongrass, sugar, black pepper, vegetable oil, fish sauce, honey, and oyster sauce in a mixing bowl and stir to combine. Add the pork, toss to coat, then cover and marinate in the refrigerator overnight.nPreheat a grill. Thread the pork onto bamboo skewers and char grill each side for 3 minutes.nDip into sesame salt., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sesame seeds, Salt, 2 spring onions, bashed, 4 tablespoons minced lemongrass, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon oyster sauce, 10 12 ounces300 g pork neck, finely sliced], title: Char Grilled Hmong Black Pig Skewers with Sesame Salt: Thit Lon Nuong Muoi Vung, picturelink: null}, 2352: {instructions: Heat outdoor grill to mediumhigh or indoor grill to 325 degrees F.nPeanut sauce: Place coconut milk in saucepan and bring to a near boil but not boiling. Add remaining ingredients. Simmer until well blended.nMix chicken, fish sauce, garlic, shallots, sugar, tamarind, garlic chives, and salt in a bowl. Shape into 4 patties. Grill burgers approximately 4 to 5 minutes on each side or until juices run clear when pierced. Place each burger on a sesame seed bun with Chinese cabbage and bean sprouts. Spread peanut sauce on the bun and serve., ingredients: [34 cup coconut milk, 1 tablespoon tamarind, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, 2 teaspoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon red curry paste, 1 12 pounds ground chicken, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 shallots, diced, 3 teaspoons tamarind, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic chives, 2 teaspoons salt, 6 sesame seed buns, Chinese or napa cabbage, Bean Sprouts], title: Pad Thai Chicken Burger, picturelink: null}, 2353: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven. Season flour with salt and pepper. Dredge veal shanks in flour. When oil is smoking, add shanks to Dutch oven and brown, turning frequently, about 7 to 8 minutes. Reduce heat to medium, add carrots, onion, celery, canned tomatoes and 4 cups stock. Cover and let simmer about 45 minutes. Add the wine, the diced tomatoes and some of the remaining stock. Place in preheated 375 degree oven for about 45 more minutes, or until tender. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [2 12 ounces olive oil, Flour, for dredging, Salt and pepper, 4 veal shanks preferably provini veal, cut to 5 inches, 5 carrots, cut into 2 to 3inch chunks, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 8 celery stalks, cut into 2 to 3inch chinks, 3 cups canned tomatoes, chopped, 5 cups veal or beef stock, 10 to 12 ounces white wine Pinot Grigio, 3 tomatoes, diced, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Osso Buco Gian Tonys, picturelink: null}, 2354: {instructions: Muddle ginger slices in the bottom of a shaker glass. Add a dash of lemon juice to help make it easier to muddle. Add all other ingredients. Fill shaker with ice and shake for approximately 5 seconds. Strain into a tall icefilled glass and garish with a cherry tomato and yellow pepper., ingredients: [1 oz. vodka, 2 oz. carrot juice, 2 oz. tomato juice, 1 tsp. agave nectar, 1 oz. fresh lemon juice, 3 thin slices fresh ginger, Dash Worchester sauce, Cherry tomato, garnish, Thin slice of yellow pepper, garnish], title: Wed Wabbit, picturelink: ZrUjGZSWLWXhTDDj1PEIalQdD4Q1i1G}, 2355: {instructions: Sift the bread flour, cake flour, salt and baking soda together into a medium bowl.nPut the butter, brown sugar, granulated sugar and vanilla paste together in a large bowl with an electric mixer and beat on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the flour mixture in 2 batches and mix on medium until fully incorporated. Then add the white chocolate chunks and peppermints. Refrigerate the dough for 24 hours before baking.nAdjust the oven racks to the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment.nDrop heaping tablespoonfuls of the chilled batter onto the parchmentlined cookie sheets with about 1 12 inches of space between them. Bake until the bottoms and edges are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Sprinkle the warm cookies with the remaining ground peppermints and allow to cool on a wire rack., ingredients: [2 cups bread flour, 1 cup cake flour, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup lightly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla bean paste, 2 large eggs, 10 ounces white chocolate chunks, 14 cup finely ground peppermints, plus 1 tablespoon for decorating about 15 round mints], title: White Chocolate Peppermint Cookies, picturelink: null}, 2356: {instructions: Toss the squash, potatoes, shiitakes, and scallions whites together in the slow cooker. Whisk the coconut milk, water, soy sauce, sambal, and salt together in a bowl then pour over the vegetables. Cover and cook on HIGH for 4 hours, or until tender.nEvenly divide the vegetables and broth into warm bowls. Scatter the scallion greens, cilantro, and peanuts on top and serve., ingredients: [1 2 34 pound butternut squash, unpeeled, quartered, and cut into 2inch chunks, 4 about 2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch chunks, 10 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and halved, 1 bunch scallions green and white parts separated, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 14ounce cans coconut milk, 1 12 cups water, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sambal oelek, or other Asian chili paste, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup cilantro leaves, roughly chopped for garnish, 14 cup salted peanuts, roughly chopped for garnish], title: Southeast Asian Slow Cooked Winter Vegetables, picturelink: wLflojNFs6Em6Av58K.tno.8C6yIe8i}, 2357: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSet the beets on a baking sheet lined with a two layers of aluminum foil. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and then wrap the beets in the first layer of foil. Transfer the baking sheet to the oven and roast until the beets are fork tender, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, place shallots in a small bowl, drizzle with another 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper toss well. After the beets have roasted for 45 minutes, remove the baking sheet from the oven and carefully place the shallots directly on the second layer of aluminum foil. Return to the oven for another 15 minutes, until the shallots are caramelized and soft and the beets are fully cooked.nLet the beets cool in the foil for at least 5 minutes. Transfer the shallots to a large bowl and set aside. When the beets are cool enough to handle, use a paper towel to rub off the skins. Cut the beets into wedges and add them to the bowl with the shallots.nTrim the tops and bottoms off the oranges with a paring knife or a small serrated knife. Set the oranges on one of the cut ends and carefully cut away the skins, beginning at the top and following the curve of the fruit down to the bottom. Slice the oranges crosswise into thin slices. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, sugar, mustard, some salt and pepper, and the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. Pour the dressing over the beets and shallots toss to combine. Add the mixed greens and the orange slices toss again. Sprinkle with sunflower seeds., ingredients: [1 pound beets, roots and stems trimmed, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 shallots, peeled and halved, 2 oranges, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 ounces mixed greens, 2 to 3 tablespoons salted sunflower seeds], title: Roasted Beet Salad, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 2358: {instructions: Cut the red and yellow tomatoes into quarters, and using a paring knife cut the skin away. Cut the quarters into 1inch pieces. Scatter the cut tomatoes and currant tomatoes over a platter. Distribute the mozzarella balls between the tomato pieces. Drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with basil and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 vineripened red tomato, 1 yellow tomato, 14 cup currant tomatoes or cherry tomatoes cut in half, 1 cup small fresh mozzarella balls bocconcini, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, cold, 14 cup loosely packed baby basil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tomato and Bocconcini Caprese, picturelink: y0qbLqsRLRhkAbaoUX3lja.huiqLmCe}, 2359: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat and saute the spinach and herbs for a few minutes until all their liquid has cooked off. Season with salt and pepper. Pour in the ouzo and as soon as it boils off, remove the mixture from the heat. Set aside to cool a little.nCombine the spinach and herb mixture with the cheeses in a large bowl. Add the egg and the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Adjust the seasoning with additional salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush a sheet pan with oil, then line it with parchment paper. Place the phyllo vertically in front of your on your work surface. Using a sharp knife, cut lengthwise into 4 equal columns. Stack and cover with a dry kitchen towel and immediately on top of that place a damp kitchen towel.nRemove the first phyllo sheet and place it vertically in front of you. Brush lightly with olive oil. Place another sheet on top and brush that lightly, too. Place a teaspoon of the filling on the bottom righthand corner of the phyllo and fold up like a flag in order to form a small triangle. Place on the baking sheet seam side down. Cover with a kitchen towel as you continue with the remaining filling and phyllo. Brush all the triangles with olive oil. Bake for about 15 minutes, or until the triangles are lightly golden and puffy. Remove and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing pastry, 2 cups chopped, blanched, drained spinach about 6 cups fresh or 1 pound frozen and defrosted, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup ouzo Greekstyle anise liqueur, 1 cup about 4 ounces crumbled feta, 1 cup about 4 ounces crumbled Greek manouri cheese or ricotta salata, 12 cup about 4 ounces fresh anthotyro, wholemilk ricotta, or farmers cheese, 1 large egg, slightly beaten, 1 pound about 18 sheets commercial phyllo, defrosted and at room temperature, Olive or other vegetable oil for frying, as needed], title: Spinach and Three Cheese Triangles, picturelink: null}, 2360: {instructions: Place chicken in large mixing bowl, add red pepper, sage, garlic, honey, brown sugar, and maple syrup, and mix thoroughly. Add bread crumbs, salt, and pepper. Place mixture in refrigerator for 15 minutes to set.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.nPlace stuffing in pastry bag with a wide tip. Pipe about 4ounces of stuffing into the pocket of each chicken breast. In a large saute pan, add enough olive oil to cover the bottom of the pan lightly, and heat. Dust the chicken with flour, and saute to brown all sides, place in oven to finish cooking for 8 to 10 minutes.nLadle 2 ounces of the Cream de Brie Sauce on to each of 6 plates. Slice chicken into 6 to 7 pieces, and lay on top of sauce. Ladle 1ounce of sauce over chicken. Sprinkle plate with chopped parsley to finish.nReduce wine, garlic, and shallots by 12, add cream, and simmer for 10 minutes. Reduce heat, add the Brie and mustard, and mix until smooth. Keep warm until needed., ingredients: [2 pounds ground chicken, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 ounces freshly chopped sage, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 12 cup honey, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup maple syrup, 1 cup bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black cracked pepper, 6 8ounce chicken breasts, with a slit cut on the thick side for stuffing, Olive Oil, for sauteing, Flour, for dusting, Cream de Brie Sauce, recipe follows, Chopped parsley, for garnish, 1 cup white wine, 2 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoon chopped shallots, 4 cups heavy cream, 4 ounces Brie, rind removed, 4 ounces Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper], title: Maple Chicken Cream de Brie Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2361: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F 350 degrees F for dark pans. High Altitude 35006500 ft: No change.nGrease bottom and sides of 13x9inch pan.nIf using crescent rolls: Unroll dough into 2 long rectangles. If using dough sheet: Unroll dough.nPlace in pan press over bottom and 12 inch up sides to form crust. Bake 5 minutes.nRemove partially baked crust from oven. Sprinkle vanilla chips, chocolate chips, almonds and cashews evenly over crust. Pour condensed milk evenly over top.nReturn to oven bake 20 to 25 minutes longer or until golden brown. Cool 10 minutes. Run knife around sides of pan. Cool 1 hour. Refrigerate about 30 minutes or until chocolate is set. For bars, cut into 9 rows by 4 rows., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu2122 refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 1 cup white vanilla baking chips, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup slivered almonds, 1 cup cashew halves and pieces, 1 can 14 oz sweetened condensed milk not evaporated], title: Crescent Layer Bars, picturelink: aJXOOuKeIyUOfr971md7u1YXKxL3Cy}, 2362: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small food processor, puree the garlic, pepper, salt, horseradish, and thyme until smooth. Place the tenderloin on a clean work surface and cover evenly with the horseradish paste.nPlace the coated tenderloin on a roasting rack. Roast for 30 minutes or until meat thermometer registers 140 degrees F. Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes. Slice and serve warm with horseradish cream.nIn a small bowl, mix the horseradish, yogurt, and buttermilk. Cover and place in refrigerator for at least 30 minutes., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 2 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 5 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, 1 4pound beef tenderloin, trimmed of all visible fat, Horseradish Cream, recipe follows, 13 cup prepared horseradish, 13 cup nonfat yogurt, 13 cup buttermilk], title: Garlic Roasted Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 2363: {instructions: Stretch dough into two thin 9inch rounds. Top each with 12 cup crushed San Marzano tomatoes, dried oregano, salt, pepper and olive oil bake until golden. Sprinkle with 12 pound diced mozzarella, torn basil and salt. Bake until the cheese melts, then drizzle with olive oil.nHow to make a pizza:nStep 1: Place a pizza stone or an inverted baking sheet on the lowest oven rack and preheat to 500 degrees.nStep 2: Stretch 1 pound dough on a floured pizza peel, large wooden cutting board or parchment paper.nStep 3: Top as desired, then slide the pizza with the parchment paper, if using onto the stone or baking sheet. Bake until golden, about 15 minutes.nPizza DoughnWhisk 3 34 cups flour and 1 12 teaspoons salt. Make a well and add 1 13 cups warm water, 1 tablespoon sugar and 1 packet yeast. When foamy, mix in 3 tablespoons olive oil knead until smooth, 5 minutes. Brush with olive oil, cover in a bowl and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Divide into two 1pound balls. Use 1 pound per recipe unless noted.nSee all 50 easy pizza toppingsnPhotographs by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: Margherita Pizza, picturelink: 24RWFnLFBv6fEp43ze2wnXgTH7ltRy}, 2364: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPulse the cocoa nibs in a spice grinder 3 to 4 times until the nibs are coarsely chopped. Place the nibs in a 1quart microwavesafe measuring cup and add the milk. Microwave on high for 3 to 4 minutes or until the milk reaches 160 degrees F. Steep at room temperature for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the chocolate, sugar, water and salt in the carafe of a 1liter French press. Set aside.nAfter steeping, return the nibmilk mixture to the microwave and heat on high for 2 minutes until it simmers or reaches 185 degrees F. Strain the hot nibmilk mixture through a finemesh strainer into the French press carafe. Set aside for 1 minute, and then stir to combine the chocolate and milk. Pump the plunger of the French press 10 to 15 times to froth and aerate. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 ounce cocoa nibs, 16 ounces whole milk, 6 ounces 65percent to 70percent bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 3 ounces sugar, 2 ounces water, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Cocoa Nib Hot Chocolate, picturelink: 7Qykqsk1kff7H0FiYRWjvK3xnH7Trvu}, 2365: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. In the bowl of a food processor, combine the parsley, garlic, red pepper flakes, and bread crumbs. Set aside.nCut the tomatoes in halves lengthwise. Remove the seeds and juice. Using a spoon, fill the halves with the bread crumb mixture. Place tomato halves in a shallow baking dish. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Add 12 cup water to the bottom of the pan. Cover tightly with aluminum foil. Bake until the tomatoes are tender, about 45 minutes.nRemove from oven. Heat oven to broil. Remove aluminum foil and broil until crisp and slightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 14 cups chopped parsley, 3 small cloves garlic, finely chopped, Pinch red pepper flakes, 34 cup bread crumbs, 10 plum tomatoes about 1 14 pounds, 14 cup olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup water], title: Tuscan Baked Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 2366: {instructions: Rub the rim of an oldfashioned glass with a cut lime and dip it in salt to lightly coat it. Chill the glass. In a blender, blend the ingredients, including the ice cubes, for 30 seconds. Pour into the glass., ingredients: [1 jigger 1 12 ounces tequila, 1 jigger 1 12 ounces fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon superfine granulated sugar, 1 pony 1ounce Triple Sec or Cointreau, 5 flavored ice cubes, such as watermelon, mango, or strawberry made from pureed fruit], title: Frozen Margarita, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 2367: {instructions: If using live lobsters, steam or boil them. Let cool at room temperature. Use a cleaver to crack and remove the meat from the claws, knuckles and tails. Remove the cartilage from the claws and the intestine from the tails of the cooked meat. Cut the meat into 12 inch dice. You may pick all the meat from the carcass and freeze the carcass for soup or broth. Place the cucumber in a colander for at least 5 minutes to drain the excess liquid. Combine the lobster, cucumber and mayonnaise. If the salad is to be served within the hour, add the scallions. If not, add them 30 minutes before serving with salt if needed and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and chill for at least 30 minutes before serving.nPlace a stainless steel mixing bowl on a damp cloth to keep the bowl from sliding around. Add the egg yolk, mustard and tarragon to the bowl and whisk until blended. Drizzle the oil into the bowl while whisking constantly. Be sure that the mixture is smooth and well blended at all times. Stop adding the oil periodically to allow yourself time to catch up when there is no oil visible, continue adding and whisking. When half the oil is added, add 1 teaspoon of the lemon juice. Alternate between the remaining oil and lemon juice, whisking all the while, until both are incorporated. Whisk in the ice water. The water stabilizes the mayonnaise, which prevents separating, a common flaw of homemade mayonnaise. Season to taste with salt and pepper and cayenne. Whisk. Store in a small container, covered and refrigerated, until needed. To assemble the roll, prepare the lobster salad and chill for at least 30 minutes. Preheat a large heavy skillet over medium low heat. Lightly butter both sides of each bun. Place in the pan and cook for about 2 minutes until golden brown. Turn the buns over and toast the other side. Or toast the buns under a broiler instead. When they are ready, stuff them with the chilled lobster salad. Place each roll on a small paper or china plate. Garnish with pickles and potato chips. Serve at once.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [1 batch Traditional Lobster Salad, 6 New Englandstyle hot dog buns, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Pickles and potato chips, 1 pound fully cooked lobster meat, or 5 pounds live lobsters, 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 12 cup Special Tarragon Mayonnaise recipe follows or bottled mayonnaise, 3 small scallions white and most of green parts, thinly sliced, Kosher or sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 cup salad oil, such as safflower, sunflower or peanut, 12 large lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon ice water, Kosher salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, Cayenne pepper, to taste], title: The World Famous Maine Lobster Roll, picturelink: null}, 2368: {instructions: For a comforting and easy to make main course try Chuck Hughes seared veal chops served with cherry tomatoes and white beansnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the beans: Soak the dry beans overnight in water. Rinse and drain the beans. In an ovensafe saute pan, heat the oil and add the shallot, sauteing until translucent. Add the garlic and continue cooking for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, white beans, and veal stock. Stir and add rosemary and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Place in the oven and bake for 30 minutes. Remove and keep warm.nFor the veal chops: Season the veal chops with salt and pepper, drizzle with olive oil and set aside.nIn a large skillet, sear the veal chops in vegetable oil until browned on both sides, about 3 minutes each. Remove from skillet and put the veal chops in the oven for about 12 minutes.nFor serving: When ready to serve, spoon tomato and bean mixture on top of veal chops. Garnish with lemon zest and a drizzle of olive oil. Serve with thick slices of grilled country bread, some olive oil and grated garlic., ingredients: [2 cups dry white beans or rinsed canned white beans, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 shallot, minced, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, 3 cups veal stock, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 veal chops, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Zests of 1 lemon], title: Veal Chops with Stewed Tomatoes and White Beans, picturelink: null}, 2369: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan. Season the pork loin with salt and pepper. In a small bowl combine the brown sugar, chili powder, garlic, oregano, onion powder, lime juice and canola oil and mix to form a paste. Rub the paste all over the pork. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours. Place the onion and the corn on the grill and grill until tender and slightly charred. Remove and set aside. With a knife, remove the kernels from the corn. Remove the pork from the refrigerator and place on the grill. Grill to medium, about 4 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and slice into thin slices. Wrap the tortillas in a damp paper towel or clean cloth and place in the microwave for 20 seconds to soften. Place 4 corn tortillas on a flat surface. Place 18th of the cheese on each tortilla and top with 18th of the pork, onions, corn, and jalapenos. Top with another tortilla and another 18th of the cheese, pork, onions, corn, and jalapenos. Top with another tortillas and press down firmly with your hands on each stack. Brush the tops of each stack with some of the canola oil and place on a baking sheet. Place in the oven and cook for 10 minutes, or until the cheese melts and the tortillas are golden brown. Remove from the oven and garnish with sour cream, salsa, guacamole, and cilantro., ingredients: [1 pork tenderloin, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 large red onion, cut into 12inch thick slices, 4 ears corn, husked, 12 10inch corn tortillas, 2 cups crumbled blue cheese, 14 cup sliced pickled jalapenos, 4 tablespoons canola oil, Sour cream, to garnish, Salsa, for garnish, Guacamole, for garnish, Cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Tylers 1000 Layer Quesadillas, picturelink: efOT6WenWdJsmSWWDSsA8I7nfyrf1m}, 2370: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh.nFor the sauce: Place the thawed pulp in a nonreactive stainless steel or anodized aluminum 3quart fireproof saucepan. Add the brown sugar, cumin, cayenne, and salt and mix well. Place the pan on the grill and let the mixture simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. The mixture will thicken and result in about 1 cup of sauce. Transfer the sauce to a small glass bowl and let it cool.nFor the patties: Place the ginger and garlic in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse a few times until finely chopped.nPlace the oil in a mediumsized nonstick fireproof skillet. Place the skillet on the grill and let heat for a few minutes. Transfer the chopped garlic and ginger to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, just a few minutes. Add the garam masala and cayenne and cook until the mixture turns brown. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool for a few minutes. Add the salt and mix well. Transfer the spice mixture to a large bowl. Add the beef and mix well. Divide the mixture into 6 equal portions and form 6 patties. Transfer the patties to a large baking dish and refrigerate.nFor the relish: Combine the onion, tomatoes, mint, salt, and lemon juice in a mediumsized glass bowl, mix well, and refrigerate.nWhen the grill is ready, brush the grill rack with oil. Place the patties on the rack, cover, and grill for 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the patties over, cover, and grill for another 3 to 5 minutes or until done to your liking. Transfer the patties to a serving platter.nBrush the cut sides of the buns with oil and grill them until lightly browned, 1 to 2 minutes.nTo assemble the burgers, place enough lettuce to cover the browned side of the bottom buns. Spread about 2 tablespoons of the sauce on each of them. Add the patties and then add a few tablespoons of relish on each patty. Add the top buns and serve., ingredients: [1 14ounce package frozen tamarind pulp, thawed recommended: Goya or La Fe brand, 34 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cayenne, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 ounces fresh ginger, chopped, 2 ounces garlic cloves, chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil recommended: Colavita, 2 tablespoons garam masala, 2 teaspoons ground cayenne, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 pounds ground sirloin, 2 cups thinly sliced red onion, 2 mediumsized Roma tomatoes, thinly sliced lengthwise, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, for brushing on the grill rack and buns recommended: Colavita, 6 wholewheat hamburger buns, split, 12 head iceberg lettuce, sliced], title: Masala Burgers with Tangy Tamarind Sauce and Red OnionMint Relish, picturelink: 2UJJXB9hQdetkN1gGAoREy4mybv6Ve}, 2371: {instructions: Place the frozen strawberries in a pot with the water, 12 cup of sugar and 2 drops of vanilla extract. Bring to a high boil. Turn off heat and cover with a lid.nIn the meantime, bring the milk to a simmer with 2 drops of vanilla extract. Place the egg yolks in a bowl, add 12 cup of granulated sugar and whisk well until it becomes pale in color, then add the sifted flour and cornstarch. Pour the hot milk over the egg mixture slowly to temper, then place everything back in the pot. Cook on medium heat while mixing until it thickens. Transfer to another bowl and cover with a plastic film, let cool.nWhen the strawberries are thawed and slightly melted, remove the lid from the pot, put the flame on high and cook off the water until it becomes a thick puree, reserve and let cool.nWhen they are both cooled, mix the pastry cream and the strawberry puree together.nPrepare the souffle mold by buttering the inside and then coating with sugar. Make sure not to touch the inside once its coated with sugar or the souffle batter will stick. Set aside until needed.nPlace the egg whites in a bowl, add a small pinch of salt and beat up until it gets fluffy and white, add half the sugar. Whisk until it becomes very stiff but not too stiff and grainy. Add the remaining sugar and mix well. Fold the egg whites in a white pastry cream mixture delicately until well incorporated.nPlace half the souffle batter in the butteredsugared ovenproof dish, then the cubed sponge cakes and finish with the remaining souffle batter on top. Place the whole dish in another ovenproof pan filled with hot water this is called the bainmarie cooking method.nPlace in a preheated 400 degree oven and cook until the souffle rises and its top becomes slightly brown approximately 10 to 15 minutes. The inside should still be slightly undercooked. Remove and serve immediately. Decorate with fresh strawberries and a mint leaf. It is a good idea to serve with a strawberry or a vanilla sauce., ingredients: [1 cup frozen strawberries, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 4 drops vanilla extract, 2 cups milk, 3 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 egg whites, 1 pinch salt, 1 cup cubed sponge cake, 6 fresh strawberries, 6 mint leaves], title: Souffle a la Fraise Strawberry Souffle, picturelink: null}, 2372: {instructions: Generously grease a 2quart glass or ceramic heatproof bowl with nonstick cooking spray. Roll up a piece of aluminum foil to form a ring and place in the bottom of a large slow cooker.nIn a large bowl mix together the cereal, apple, flour, sugar, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice and 12 teaspoon salt and stir to combine.nIn another bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, butter, 14 cup spiced rum, and vanilla.nMake a well in center of the dry ingredients, add the liquid ingredients then stir to combine. Put the batter into the prepared bowl, and smooth top with spatula. Cover with aluminum foil and secure with a large elastic band so water does not seep inside. Place the bowl on the foil ring placed inside the slow cooker and fill with water to come 23 the way up the side of the bowl. Cook on high for 4 hours or until cake is set in the center. Remove the cake from the slow cooker. When cool enough to handle invert onto a plate to unmold.nCombine the whipped topping, remaining 2 tablespoons spiced rum and remaining 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice and mix until well incorporated.nServe the cake warm with a dollop of spiced whipped topping., ingredients: [4 cups crushed whole grain cereal with dates, raisins and pecans, 1 medium apple, peeled, cored and diced, 1 cup flour, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 eggs, 1 cup milk, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 14 cup spiced rum plus 2 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12ounce container whipped topping], title: English Pudding Cake, picturelink: mCV6POLR61GMUEGa64OCuHvYPd0xEu}, 2373: {instructions: In a mixing bowl combine the water, 14 cup of the coconut milk, 2 tablespoons of the lemon or lime juice, and 1 teaspoon salt. Add the couscous and steep for 15 minutes while you proceed to the next step. In another mixing bowl combine the garlic, curry powder and peanut butter and whisk in the remaining coconut milk and lemon or lime juice and another teaspoon of salt.nMarinate the chicken strips in this mixture while the couscous is also steeping. Melt the butter in a wide large skillet, over medium heat. Add the chicken with its marinating liquid and cook, stirring frequently until the chicken turns opaque, about 3 minutes. Cover and simmer, over low heat for 5 minutes or until the chicken is just cooked through. Scatter the couscous over the chicken, and simmer, covered, over low heat for 8 minutes or until the couscous has heated and the chicken is cooked through.nTake care to do this last step over low heat or the chicken will burn. Mix the ingredients together, adjust seasoning and serve immediately. Garnish with peanuts and chopped cilantro if you wish., ingredients: [1 12 cups water, 34 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 14 cup fresh lemon or lime juice 2 lemons or 3 limes, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 34 cups 10ounce box couscous, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 teaspoon ground curry powder, 14 cup peanut butter, preferably chunky, 1 14 pounds skinless boneless chicken tenders, or chicken breasts cut into strips about 12inch wide and 3 inches long, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground pepper, Chopped roasted peanuts and cilantro, for garnish, optional], title: Chicken SatayStyle with Couscous, picturelink: null}, 2374: {instructions: For the paste: In a food processor, put the habanero peppers, carrot and lemon or lime juice and blend. While blending, slowly add the vegetable oil.nFor the Bloody Joe: In a saucepan, bring the tomato juice and Bloody Mary mix to a slow simmer and season with salt and pepper. Add the habanero paste to taste for desired heat. Add the eggs and slowly poach until the whites are set, about 3 minutes. Add the peppered vodka, if desired, and stir. Pour the finished eggs and Bloody Joe mixture over the quick grits. Add the celery and cucumber on the side to garnish., ingredients: [1 pound fresh habanero peppers, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 lemon or lime, juiced, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 cups tomato juice, 2 ounces Bloody Mary mix, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, 1 cup quick grits, cooked, 1 12 ounces peppered vodka, optional, 2 ribs celery, cut in half, about 4 inches long, 2 cucumbers, sliced about 4 inches long], title: The Bloody Joe, picturelink: alYN7uHgrtm29G6WkIu8Bb3oPTORe}, 2375: {instructions: Place the chicken in a baking dish. Using your fingers, gently loosen the skin from the breasts and thighs without breaking the skin. Carefully slide the sprigs of thyme and the garlic under the skin. Put the lemon in the cavity. Tie the legs together and tuck the wings under the body. Sprinkle with 2 teaspoons of sea salt and the pepper, cover the dish tightly with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 24 to 48 hours.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Be sure your oven is very clean Place the bread in a medium 10inch castiron skillet in a single layer. Brush the chicken with olive oil and place it, breast side up, on top of the bread. Roast for 30 minutes, turn it over and roast for 15 minutes, until the juices run clear when you cut between the leg and the thigh. Wrap the skillet tightly with aluminum foil and allow the chicken to rest at room temperature for a full 30 minutes. Donu00bft worry it will stay hot. The bread will be almost burnt on the bottom and soft with the pan drippings on top.nPlace the Arugula Salad in a very large, shallow serving platter. Put the chicken and the bread on a cutting board. Cut the bread into 1inch squares and sprinkle them on the salad. Carve the chicken thickly see note and place it on top of the salad. Spoon the pan juices over the chicken, sprinkle it with sea salt, and serve warm.nWhisk the vinegar, mustard, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper together in a small bowl or glass measuring cup. Whisk in the olive oil, stir in the scallions and currants, and set aside.nPlace the arugula in a large bowl, add the vinaigrette, and toss well., ingredients: [1 4 to 4 12pound whole chicken, preferably Bell  Evans, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 large garlic cloves, smashed flat, 1 lemon, quartered, 2 teaspoons fine sea salt, plus extra for serving, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 4 34inchthick slices country bread, Good olive oil, Arugula Salad, recipe follows, 14 cup Champagne vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good olive oil, 12 cup thinly sliced scallions, white and green parts 3 scallions, 2 tablespoons dried currants, 6 cups baby arugula, lightly packed 6 to 8 ounces], title: Roast Chicken With Bread and Arugula Salad, picturelink: lnqf3vb7bnfqn.Wztv10AXhgPvHnj6}, 2376: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the ground beef in a large pot and throw in the garlic. Cook over medium heat until browned. Drain off the excess fat, and then pour in the tomato sauce, chili powder, cumin, oregano, salt and cayenne. Stir together well, cover, and then reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. If the mixture becomes overly dry, add 12 cup water at a time as needed.nAfter an hour, place the masa harina in a small bowl. Add 12 cup water and stir together with a fork. Dump the masa mixture into the chili. Stir together well, and then taste and adjust the seasonings. Add more masa paste and or water to get the chili to your preferred consistency, or to add more corn flavor. Add the beans and simmer for 10 minutes. Serve with shredded Cheddar, chopped onions, tortilla chips and lime wedges., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, One 8ounce can tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup masa harina, One 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, One 15ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, Shredded Cheddar, for serving, Chopped onions, for serving, Tortilla chips, for serving, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Simple, Perfect Chili, picturelink: SG3YLXrOs8y4QsVB4IDQvNqo9PWnn2u}, 2377: {instructions: In a medium skillet, heat the 2 tablespoons of the butter over mediumlow heat. Saute the leeks for 8 to 10 minutes, until softened. Add the apples and cook for 3 minutes more. In a medium bowl combine the leek mixture with the sage, parsley, cornbread and enough broth to moisten. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stuff the birds with the cornbread mixture and tie the legs of each hen together with kitchen twine. Melt the remaining butter. Brush the birds all over with butter and season with salt and pepper. Put the hens on a rack in a large roasting pan, breastside up. Roast until an instant read thermometer inserted in the thigh registers 170 degrees F., about 80 minutes. Set the birds aside at room temperature, loosely covered with foil, for 10 minutes before carving. Split the hens in half through the breast with a sharp knife or poultry shears, and keep the stuffing intact. Arrange birds skinside up, on a platter, garnish with sprigs of herbs and serve., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 small leek, white part with 1 inch of green, finely chopped and rinsed, 1 small apple about 4 ounces, peeled, cored, and diced, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh sage, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 tablespoon minced flatleaf parsley, plus sprigs for garnish, 2 cups cubed day old cornbread, 34 to 1 cup chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 Cornish hens, giblets discarded, patted dry], title: Cornish Game Hens with Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 2378: {instructions: Slice 4 Kirby cucumbers into spears and drizzle with lime juice chill until ready to serve. Grind 5 dried arbol chiles and 4 dried guajillo chiles with 2 teaspoons salt in a spice grinder or toss 2 teaspoons arbol chili powder and 4 tablespoons guajillo chili powder with the salt. Toss 1 cup roasted peanuts with some of the spiced salt. Sprinkle the cucumbers with more spiced salt and serve with the peanuts.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: ChileLime Cucumbers, picturelink: zad956Qjvfo1TVjXUj8WCaplVRHNFR2}, 2379: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the marinade: Combine the soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, bay leaf, peppercorns and some salt in a mixing bowl or container. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nFor the adobo glaze: In a saucepan over medium heat, heat the olive oil and then saute the garlic, bay leaves and peppercorns until the garlic is golden brown. Add the soy sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, ketchup, honey, cayenne pepper, red chili flakes, Worcestershire, chipotle peppers and salt to taste. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes. Mix the cornstarch with water to make a slurry, add to the glaze and continue cooking until glaze thickens. Cool down and strain.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTake the marinated chicken and lay them on a sheet pan and par bake for 10 to 12 minutes.nHeat vegetable oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F. Take the parbaked wings and deep fry for 5 to 6 minutes.nToss the freshly deep fried wings with 3 ounces of the adobo glaze., ingredients: [34 cup soy sauce, 12 cup sugar cane vinegar, 4 cloves minced garlic, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon ground peppercorns, Salt, 5 pieces chicken wing or drumettes, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon peppercorns, 1 cup soy sauce, 34 cup sugar cane vinegar, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ketchup, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire, 3 chipotle peppers, Salt, 14 cup cornstarch, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Adobo Buffalo Wings, picturelink: qP2k4DWmCSYOwd7895dSGBVWmLlU0Ne}, 2380: {instructions: Cook the pasta in salted water, drain when tender. Blanch the snow peas and green peas, drain and set aside. Julienne the sundried tomatoes and peppers. In a saute pan, heat the oil and cook the garlic until golden. Toss together all of the ingredients. Taste for salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound dry pasta shells or rigatoni, 1 pound snow peas, 1 pound green peas, 1 pound sundried tomatoes in oil drained, 1 pound roasted red peppers, drained, 1 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 ounces garlic, sliced, 1 pound fresh mozzarella balls or mozzarella slices, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Pasta Emilia, picturelink: null}, 2381: {instructions: In a heavy saucepot, over mediumlow heat, cook the flour and butter, stirring constantly until roux achieves a light caramel color. Add the broth and brown sugar, bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer. Stir in the sweet potatoes and spices, bring to a simmer again, and cook for 5 minutes more. In a blender, puree the soup in batches and return to saucepot. Add the milk, and reheat soup. Season with salt and pepper, ladle into warm soup bowls and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon flour, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 cups chicken broth or vegetable broth, if desired, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 12 cups cooked sweet potatoes, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup milk, Salt], title: Sweet Potato Soup, picturelink: null}, 2382: {instructions: Crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a mixing bowl, combine the butter, sugar, and salt and mix well. Gradually add the flour, mixing to combine. Stir in the pecans. Press the mixture into the bottom of an ungreased 9inch square baking pan. Bake 15 to 20 minutes, until browned.nFilling: In a mixer, combine the sugar, flour, and baking powder and mix well. Add the eggs, milk, vanilla, and zest and mix well. Fold in the cranberries, coconut, and pecans. When the crust is baked, remove from the oven and spread the filling over it. Return to the oven and bake an additional 30 minutes. Cool in the pan on a wire rack. Cut into bars for serving., ingredients: [6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon whole or 2 percent milk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon freshly grated orange rind, 1 cup fresh or if unavailable, frozen cranberries, coarsely chopped if using frozen, chop berries while still frozen, 12 cup flaked coconut, sweetened, 12 cup coarsely chopped pecans], title: Cranberry Coconut Bars, picturelink: null}, 2383: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat oil. Add the onion, peppers, and celery and cook for 5 to 6 minutes or until soft. Add the cayenne pepper, oregano, and salt, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the flour and cook for 1 minute, toasting the flour to a light brown color. Add the hot water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer mixture for 10 minutes.nAs sauce simmers, cook the pasta, timing pasta to finish cooking at the same time as the sauce. Add the crawfish to sauce, and continue simmering for 5 minutes. Add the green onions and cook for 1 minute more. Add cream and heat gently. Spoon crawfish mixture over orzo pasta in large pasta dishes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, finely diced about 34 cup, 1 red pepper, julienned, 1 yellow pepper, julienned, 2 ribs celery, diced, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon dried oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup hot water, 1 pound orzo pasta, cooked according to package instructions, 1 pound peeled crawfish tails available at fish market, 12 cup chopped green onions, 13 cup cream], title: Crawfish and Pasta, picturelink: null}, 2384: {instructions: Working over a bowl to catch the juices, cut the plums from their pits in wedges. Slice the tomatoes into similarsize wedges or in half if they are small. Drizzle 2 tablespoons of the vinegar, and 2 teaspoons of the oil over plums and tomatoes, season with a large pinch of salt, and set aside for 10 minutes. Add the arugula to the plums and tomatoes, and drizzle in the remaining teaspoons of vinegar and oil. Then toss and add some salt and pepper., ingredients: [], title: Plum and Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 2385: {instructions: In a large bowl thoroughly mix the tuna, mascarpone, and anchovies.nServe the tunamascarpone mixture with celery or any vegetable of your choice., ingredients: [8 ounces250 g canned tuna, drained, 8 ounces250 g mascarpone cheese, 5 anchovy fillets, finely chopped], title: Anchovy, Tuna and Mascarpone Dip, picturelink: null}, 2386: {instructions: Preheat griddle or grill pan over high heat.nButterfly shrimp by slicing almost through lengthwise, but leave shell on shrimp, this will keep the shrimp tender while grilling over such high heat.nBrush shrimps with oil, season with salt and pepper and grill 2 minutes on each side, until shells are hot pink and shrimp is opaque.nPlace lemons on grill the last minute. The heat will release the juice from the lemons. To serve, squeeze grilled lemon wedges over shrimp., ingredients: [16 jumbo shrimp, deveined in shell, raw, Extravirgin olive oil, about 12 cup for brushing, Coarse salt and black pepper, 2 lemons, halved], title: Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 2387: {instructions: With a stainless steel knife, peel and core the pears. Cut them into eighths. Rub them with lemon so they do not discolor. Set them aside in a covered bowl in the refrigerator until you are ready to use them. Melt the butter in a large skillet. Saute the pears over high heat for 3 to 4 minutes or until they begin to brown. With a slotted spoon, transfer the pears to a serving platter. Deglaze the pan with liqueur and raspberry preserves and reduce until syrupy and thick. Spoon over the pears and garnish with almonds and frozen yogurt or whipped cream if you wish., ingredients: [6 ripe pears with raspberry sauce, 12 lemon, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 to 3 tablespoons liqueur such as Triple Sec, Cointreau or Grand Marnier, 12 cup strained raspberry preserves, 14 cup toasted sliced blanched almonds, optional, Frozen yogurt or whipped cream, optional], title: Quick Saute of Pears with Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2388: {instructions: Special equipment: 12cup muffin pannFor the coconut cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with cupcake liners.nWhisk 14 cup water, the cream of coconut, coconut extract, vanilla extract, egg whites and egg in a large bowl until combined.nMix the flour, shredded coconut, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer on low speed until combined, about 15 seconds. Add the butter 1 tablespoon at a time, continuing to beat on low speed until the mixture forms a ball, about 2 minutes. Stop the mixer and add half the cream of coconut mixture. Beat on low speed until the flour mixture is moistened, about 15 seconds. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat until the batter is light and fluffy, about 45 seconds. With the mixer still running, slowly add the remaining cream of coconut mixture. Stop the mixer and scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl. Beat on medium speed for 30 seconds.nFill the muffin cups twothirds full with batter. Bake until a toothpick inserted in centers of cupcakes comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes in the pan for 10 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack to cool completely before filling and frosting.nFor the mango filling: Whisk 14 cup juice, egg yolks and cornstarch until smooth in a small bowl. Boil the remaining 1 cup juice, granulated sugar and salt over mediumhigh heat in a saucepan. Slowly add half the hot liquid to the egg yolk mixture, whisking constantly. Add the egg yolk mixture back into the saucepan and reduce the heat to medium. Cook until the filling thickens and boils, stirring constantly. Strain the filling through a fine mesh sieve. Cool the filling before assembling the cupcakes. Yield: about 1 14 cups.nFor the orange cream cheese icing: Beat the cream cheese and butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium speed until creamy. Add the confectioners sugar, 12 cup at a time, to desired consistency. Scrape down the bottom and sides of the bowl as necessary. Beat in the orange zest and vanilla extract until fully incorporated. Yield: 3 cups.nFor the garnish: Generously sprinkle the pineapple with sugar. Use a blow torch to caramelize the pineapple, or broil in the oven on low for 1 to 2 minutes, watching carefully so the sugar does not burn. Cool the pineapple before assembling the cupcakes.nCook the sweetened flaked coconut in a dry saute pan over low heat, stirring often, until the coconut browns slightly and smells fragrant. Cool the coconut before assembling the cupcakes.nTo assemble: Dig a small hole inside each of the cupcakes using a teaspoon. Fill each hole with the mango filing. Top with the orange cream cheese icing. Garnish with the caramelized pineapple and toasted coconut., ingredients: [12 cup cream of coconut, stirred before measuring, 12 teaspoon coconut extract, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 egg whites, lightly beaten, 1 egg, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup sweetened shredded coconut, coarsely ground in a food processor, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened and cut into tablespoons, 1 14 cups thick mango juice, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, Pinch kosher salt, Orange Cream Cheese Icing:, One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 12 stick 4 tablespoons butter, softened, 2 to 3 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 thin squares fresh pineapple, Granulated sugar, for sprinkling, 34 cup sweetened flaked coconut], title: Tropical Honeymoon Cupcakes, picturelink: E9pjpqePw4IC..hVDxQBVIR0z1zWLG}, 2389: {instructions: Tuna: Cut tuna into 14inch dice and mix with oil, salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to plate. Potatoes: Heat oil to 350 degrees F in a large, deep pot that is no more than halfway filled with oil. Add the potato slices and fry until just golden brown, about 30 seconds. Drain on paper towels and season with salt. Assembly: Make a small free form pile of tuna on 1 end of each plate. Garnish the plates with caviar, chives, chive oil, and a pile of chips.nPuree chives and oil in a food processor or blender until well blended. Strain through cheesecloth., ingredients: [16 ounces sushi grade tuna, 2 tablespoons lemongrass oil, Salt and pepper, Peanut oil, for frying, 1 12ounce kennabeck potato, sliced thinly on a mandoline, 14 cup tobiko wasabi caviar, Chive sticks, for garnish, 1 12 tablespoons chive oil, recipe follows, 12 cup chopped chives, 1 cup canola oil], title: Bluefin Tuna Tartar, picturelink: null}, 2390: {instructions: Position a broiler pan on the rack closest to the broiler and preheat to high for at least 10 minutes.nPulse the anchovies, garlic, Dijon mustard, herbes de Provence, salt and pepper in a small food processor. Add the olive oil and pulse to mix. Rub the paste all over the steak.nCarefully pull the preheated pan from the broiler, set the steak in the center of the rack it should sizzle when it hits the pan, and return to the broiler. Cook until the meat feels firm but still gives gently when pressed, 8 to 10 minutes for medium rare. If your pan rack has preheated properly, it will not be necessary to turn the meat. However, if your broiler doesnt have a high output of heat, turn the meat 34 of the way through cooking to finish off the other side.nRemove the meat from the broiler, remove it to a cutting board and let it rest for 5 to 10 minutes. Thinly slice the meat, against the grain, set on a platter. Serve warm with lemon wedges., ingredients: [10 to 12 anchovies, 8 cloves garlic, 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons dried herbes de Provence, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 flank steak, about 2 pounds, Lemon wedges], title: Flank Steak with Provencal Style Rub, picturelink: null}, 2391: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients in the bowl of an electric mixer. Beat slowly until all of the ingredients are blended. Then, beat at high speed until icing forms stiff peaks, about 5 minutes. Add more sugar if the icing is not stiff enough, or a few drops of water if it is too stiff. Use immediately, or cover the bowl with a damp cloth to prevent drying when not in use. Allow at least twentyfour hours for royal icing decorations to dry at room temperature., ingredients: [5 tablespoons meringue powder or 2 room temperature egg whites can be substituted for the meringue powder and the water, 6 tablespoons water, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, A few drops of colorless flavoring pure vanilla is good for an offwhite color, 1 pound confectioners sugar], title: Royal Icing, picturelink: null}, 2392: {instructions: HEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Combine flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt in medium bowl. Beat shortening, sugar and vanilla in large bowl on medium speed with electric mixer until fluffy. Beat in hazelnut spread until smooth. Add flour mixture and milk alternately to shortening mixture, beating until blended.nUSE 1 tablespoon dough to form 36 1 14inch balls. Roll in cinnamon sugar. Place on baking sheet. Flatten dough with round cup to 14inch thick.nBAKE 10 to 12 mintues. Let cool 5 minutes. Remove to wire rack to cool completely.nCinnamon Sugar is available in your grocers spice aisle or you can make your own by combining 1 tablespoon sugar and 14 teaspoon cinnamon., ingredients: [1 14 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 23 cup cocoa powder, 1 tsp. baking powder, 12 tsp. salt, 12 cup Criscou00ae Baking Sticks AllVegetable Shortening, or 12 cup Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening, 34 cup sugar, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 12 cup Jifu00ae Mocha Cappuccino Flavored Hazelnut Spread, 13 cup milk, 2 tbsps. cinnamon sugar], title: Dark Mocha Cookies, picturelink: lr1u.kV2n4qv6w3f81ibLPZVpZd0.6}, 2393: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl or shallow dish, whisk the coconut milk, lime juice, olive oil, a nice pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper. Reserve 1 cup of the marinade. Add the fish to the bowl with the marinade and refrigerate for 20 minutes.nRemove the cod from the refrigerator. Place the cod in a 9 by 11inch baking dish, discarding the marinade in the bowl. Place a slice of jalapeno over the top of each piece. Place in the oven and bake for 12 to 14 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the sauce. Pour the reserved 1 cup marinade in a small saucepan over medium heat and simmer until reduced and slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Spoon some on the plate before placing the cod down on top. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 13.5ounce can coconut milk, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 6ounce cod fillets, 1 jalapeno, stemmed and thinly sliced lengthwise], title: Coconut Cod, picturelink: POSDtI.sZWdcx35V6r6LxrxdRAgOPNO}, 2394: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a skillet over mediumhigh heat, cook the burger to desired doneness, 10 to 15 minutes for medium to welldone.nPlace the burger on the bun and top with olive topping.nMix the cream cheese with the olives and olive juice., ingredients: [6 ounces ground beef, 1 hamburger bun, toasted, 14 recipe Olive Topping, recipe follows, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup sliced green olives, 3 ounces olive juice, from jar], title: Olive Burger, picturelink: aKDGrGnfkPLd.q1WVsDnzLEH4NFAd0W}, 2395: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium heat and cook the garlic until fragrant. Stir in coconut milk, chicken broth, red pepper flakes, and soy sauce. Bring to boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for 5 minutes.nStir in the cream and return to a simmer without boiling. Add cooked shrimp and heat through. Garnish with cilantro and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 cup light coconut milk, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 pound medium shrimp, cooked, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Shrimp in Spicy Coconut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2396: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium high heat. Coarsely chop the greens of clean red chard. Add oil, pancetta, and chopped onion to the pan and cook 2 or 3 minutes until onions begin to soften and pancetta is lightly browned. Add chopped chard to pan in large bunches, adding remaining chard as the greens wilt.nSprinkle in raisins, pour in broth and season with salt and nutmeg. Bring liquid to a boil, reduce heat and simmer greens 10 to 15 minutes until greens are no longer bitter and you are ready to serve. Raisins will plump as the dish cooks through., ingredients: [2 12 pounds the average weight of 2 bundles red Swiss chard, 1 12 tablespoons 1 12 turns around the pan in a slow stream extravirgin olive oil, 18 pound, 2 slices, pancetta or bacon, chopped, 1 small yellow skinned onion, chopped, 14 cup 2 handfuls golden raisins, 14 ounces chicken stock or broth, Coarse salt, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, a couple pinches ground or equivalent of freshly grated], title: Swiss Chard and Golden Raisins, picturelink: 4LxqyFVj8GGsKSx7z27DNbCBMFC0zW}, 2397: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Turn up four edges of a large piece of foil to make a rectangular baking tray about 12 by 3 inches for the spinach set aside.nHalve the block of tofu crosswise, halve each piece crosswise, then halve each piece again, for a total of 8 pieces 3 12 inches long by 1 34 inches wide by 12 inch thick. Lay the tofu slices on 2 paper towels, and blot dry with 2 more, gently squeezing out as much moisture as possible. Sprinkle the tofu evenly with 12 teaspoon salt and set aside.nSpread the squash slices in an even layer on one side of the baking sheet. In a small bowl, whisk together the honey and 1 tablespoon of olive oil and drizzle it evenly over the squash heat in the microwave for a few seconds if mixture is not pourable. Sprinkle with the chili powder and 14 teaspoon salt, and toss to coat.nPut the cornstarch on a plate. Crack the egg into a shallow bowl, add 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and whisk until combined. Put the panko, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in another shallow bowl. Line up the tofu, cornstarch, eggs, panko and the prepared baking sheet.nWorking with 1 to 2 pieces of tofu at a time, coat them in the cornstarch, shaking off any excess, dip in the egg to coat, dredge in the panko, pressing the panko gently into the surface of the tofu, then evenly space the breaded tofu on the other side of the baking sheet, leaving an empty space in the center.nRoast until the squash begins to soften, about 10 minutes, then turn the squash pieces over. Continue roasting until the panko is crisp and lightly browned at the edges, and the squash is beginning to caramelize, about 15 minutes more.nRemove the pan from the oven and lay the prepared foil tray in the center. Spread the spinach onto the tray and toss with the sesame oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper and the sesame seeds.nReturn the pan to the oven and cook until the spinach has warmed through, the squash is completely tender and caramelized in spots, and the tofu is lightly browned and crunchy, about 5 minutes more. Divide between two plates and serve with your favorite dipping sauce., ingredients: [One 14ounce block firm tofu packed in water, drained, Kosher salt, 1 small delicata squash, cut in half lengthwise, seeds removed, cut into 12inchthick moons, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 teaspoon chili powder, Extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup cornstarch, 1 large egg, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, One 10ounce package frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed to remove extra moisture, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon toasted white sesame seeds, Storebought dipping sauce such as soy sauce, hoisin, or teriyaki], title: Crispy Tofu and Delicata Squash SheetPan Dinner, picturelink: I2fpWNxrutIcNPzNSYEIf6nSJxGeCSW}, 2398: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWith a large serrated knife, score the bread in 1inch intervals turn the loaf and score again creating 1inch cubes without cutting all the way through. Stuff the shredded cheese evenly into the cut crevices in the bread, and place the loaf on a baking sheet.nBake until the cheese is melted and the corners of the bread are turning golden brown and crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool for about 5 minutes.nTransfer the loaf to a shallow bowl and serve whole at the table for guests to tear apart with their fingers., ingredients: [One 1pound round loaf country or sourdough bread, 2 cups shredded pepper Jack or Cheddar], title: TearAway Cheesy Bread, picturelink: kyr82vIayncUDiXxEBRtUcgvbPNhx7a}, 2399: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBrush 6 or 12cup muffin tins with butter using pastry brush. Brush a layer of phyllo dough with butter, top with a second sheet of pastry, butter, then season the phyllo with salt and pepper and then top with a third sheet. Cut into 6 or 12 squares and arrange the phyllo in cups, allowing the dough to crumple and spill out of the tops of the tins. Brush the inside of the pastry cups with remaining butter. Bake until golden, 5 to 8 minutes. Cool.nTo a skillet preheated over medium high heat add chicken, garlic and onions and season with salt and pepper. Saute 5 minutes, add the sundried tomatoes and spinach and cook another 3 to 5 minutes. Add feta and taste to adjust seasonings.nTo serve, place phyllo cups on a serving platter and fill with mounds of chicken, sun dried tomatoes and spinach mixture. A hearty vegetable and olive salad makes a perfect starter or side to this delicious, quick cross between chicken pot pies and spanakopita., ingredients: [12 stick butter, melted, 3 sheets phyllo pastry dough, found in the freezer section, Coarse salt and black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 thin cut boneless skinless chicken breast, sliced into thin strips on an angle, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small yellow skinned onion, chopped, 12 cup sundried tomatoes in oil, drained, 10 to 12 pieces, chopped, 2 boxes chopped spinach, defrosted and squeezed dry, 34 pound, 12 ounces, feta cheese, crumbled], title: Chicken with SunDried Tomatoes, Feta and Spinach in Phyllo Cups, picturelink: i9HBWKS.XbTzZ8ywDdlcan.vAbZeRwu}}