{23700: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUnroll the pie crust on a large baking sheet. Place the peach slices in the center of the crust, leaving a 2inch border around the edge. Sprinkle the cherries over the peaches, and then top with the sugar and cinnamon. Pull up the sides of crust slightly and roll over towards the center, covering the filling by 1 to 2 inches. Bake until the crust is golden brown, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1  9inch refrigerated pie crust, 3 large ripe peaches, peeled, pitted, and thinly sliced or an equal amount of frozen, thawed sliced peaches, 13 cup dried sweet cherries sold in the produce aisle, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: PeachCherry Galette, picturelink: SiSgSk8JV0moVG4BzL58SrZjqKb5Ome}, 23701: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the ravioli and cook for 7 to 9 minutes until tender. Drain.nIn a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the pancetta and cook stirring frequently, until crispy, about 8 minutes. Remove to paper towels to drain. Add the tomatoes, olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper and cook for 2 minutes until tender. Add the arugula and 14 cup basil and cook until wilted, about 30 seconds. Stir in the butter and melt. Add the ravioli and cooked pancetta and toss until coated. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the ravioli to a large serving bowl. Garnish with the remaining basil and serve., ingredients: [1 pound cheese ravioli, 6 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, chopped, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 3 cups arugula, 12 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, divided, 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature], title: Ravioli with Arugula, Tomatoes and Pancetta, picturelink: ym2YHnMWHFpaVZvvAPmkeTlcZ2IklC}, 23702: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Melt butter in glass baking dish. Lightly flatten chicken breasts between plastic wrap with mallet. Lay 1 slice of ham and 1 piece of cheese on flattened breast, fold in half and seal close with toothpicks. Repeat process for remaining chicken breasts. Coat each piece with flour, then eggs and then bread crumbs. Place chicken pieces in glass baking dish. Turn to coat with butter. Bake for 4045 minutes or until golden brown. Serve with parselyed rice and steamed broccoli., ingredients: [4 tablespoon butter, 1 cup flour, 4 boneless, skinless breasts of chicken, 2 eggs lightly beaten, 4 very thin slices smoked ham, 2 cups bread crumbs, 6 ounces Lorraine swiss cheese, cut into four chunks], title: Chicken Cordon Bleu, picturelink: null}, 23703: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust, cream the butter and sugar until light in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Combine the flour and salt and, with the mixer on low, add to the butter until just mixed. Dump the dough onto a wellfloured board and gather into a ball. Flatten the dough with floured hands and press it into a 9 by 13 by 2inch baking sheet, building up a 12inch edge on all sides. Chill.nBake the crust for 15 to 20 minutes, until very lightly browned. Let cool on a wire rack. Leave the oven on.nFor the filling, whisk together the eggs, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice, and flour. Pour over the crust and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until the filling is set. Let cool to room temperature.nCut into triangles and dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [12 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups flour, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 extralarge eggs at room temperature, 3 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest 4 to 6 lemons, 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 cup flour, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Lemon Bars, picturelink: null}, 23704: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients in a 5 by 9inch baking dish. Cook at 325 degrees for 45 minutes. Serve warm with crackers or fresh bread., ingredients: [1 15ounce can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped, 12 ounces mozzarella cheese, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup Parmesan cheese, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon chives, 12 teaspoon parsley, 1 teaspoon lemon juice], title: Artichoke Cheese Dip, picturelink: null}, 23705: {instructions: 1. For the empanada dough: Sift the flour and salt into a large bowl. Cut in the butter using a pastry blender or your fingers until it resembles coarse meal with some peasize pieces.n2. Mix the egg, water, and vinegar in small bowl. Use a fork to stir the wet ingredients into the dry, until just incorporated and shaggy. Turn the mixture onto a lightly floured surface, gather it together, and then knead just until the dough comes together. Form into a flat disk, wrap in plastic wrap, and chill for at least 1 hour.n3. For the picadillo: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute the onion and garlic until browned, about 7 minutes. Turn the heat to mediumhigh, add the beef, and cook thoroughly, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, about 10 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, chipotle puree, adobo, and salt and pepper to taste. Cool before assembling the empanadas.n4. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F, or heat oil in a heavy pot to 350 degrees F. Lightly flour a cutting board and roll the cold dough into a circle about J inch thick. Cut the dough into 7 to 8inch disks. Paint half of 1 disk with some egg white. Place a scant 14 cup picadillo in the center and fold the dough over to form a halfcircle. Crimp the edges closed with a fork. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling. Paint the tops of the empanadas with egg white. Or make mini empanadas with 4 to 412inch circles and J cup of the filling. Adjust the cooking time accordingly. Bake the empanadas on rimmed baking sheets until golden brown, about 45 minutes, or deepfry for 3 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 ounces 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small white onion, diced, 1 egg, 13 cup ice water, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 pound ground beef, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 to 4 tablespoons pureed canned chipotle, 1 teaspoon adobo seasoning, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying optional, Allpurpose flour, for assembly, 1 to 2 large egg whites, beaten, for assembly], title: Beef Picadillo Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 23706: {instructions: Heat the oil in a 4quart pot over medium heat until shimmering. Add the onions and saute until lightly golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the meat, sauce, beans, cumin and coriander to the pot. Stir well. Let the chili come to a gentle boil, then reduce the heat to low. Season with the salt and pepper. Let simmer for 10 minutes.nLadle into deep bowls to serve. Top with cheese, if desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cooked burgers 3 ounces each, crumbled, One 15ounce can tomato sauce plain, not marinara, One 10.5ounce can pink beans, rinsed and drained, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Grated Cheddar, to serve, optional], title: Secret Ingredient Chili, picturelink: 04a1T3hxfRl.9T8YqwlzlosbmhY6hBi}, 23707: {instructions: Line 2 or 3 baking sheets with parchment paper and then spray with nonstick spray. Dust lightly with bread flour.nCrumble the fresh yeast into the bowl of an electric mixer, or sprinkle in the dry yeast. In a small saucepan, warm the milk until it is no longer chilled and is just barely lukewarm, about 105 degrees F. Pour the milk over the yeast and whisk to dissolve. Add 1 12 cups of the pastry flour to the milk and whisk 2 or 3 times to just barely incorporate. Sprinkle the rest of the pastry flour over the mixture to cover the top. Do not mix this any further. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap so that it is airtight, and place in a slightly warm place until the top layer of flour has cracked noticeably, about 4 minutes.nMeanwhile, remove the vanilla bean seeds by scraping the length of the bean with the back of a knife. Place the seeds in a saucepan with the butter and melt together over low heat. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, sugar and salt. Add the vanillabutter mixture and quickly whisk into the eggs. Pour the eggbutter mixture into the mixing bowl with the flour. Mix on low speed for a few seconds to incorporate the flour, and then increase the speed to medium and mix for 1 minute. Add the 34 cup of bread flour and mix on low for a few seconds, then on medium for 2 minutes. The batter will be lumpy and quite sticky. Transfer to a large greased bowl and cover completely with plastic wrap so it is airtight. Return the bowl to the warm spot and let rise until it doubles in size, about 2 hours.nOnce it has risen, sprinkle 14 cup of bread flour over the surface. With your hands, gently tuck the sides of the dough under itself to deflate it. Cover the bowl again and let the dough rise until it has doubled in size again, about 45 minutes.nYou will need a significant amount of bread flour to coat your work surface. Choose a surface that is cool to the touch. Sprinkle a thin blanket of flour over it, and using a pastry scraper, pour 13 of the dough over the flour. Then sprinkle the surface of the batter with more bread flour. With the palm of your hand, gently press the dough down to about 12inch thick. Dip the end of a 1 12inch round cutter in flour and begin to cut the doughnuts out. Rather than picking them up with your fingers, use the cutter to push the doughnut off the end of the counter and on to the palm of your hand. Or try using a small spatula dipped in flour to lift the doughnut off the counter, being careful to keep the round shape. Then gently place the doughnuts on the floured baking sheets. Repeat until you have cut all the doughnuts. Wrap the baking sheets with plastic and refrigerate the doughnuts as you work. Bring to room temperature before frying.nTo fry, add enough oil to come halfway up the sides of a large saucepan and heat to 350 degrees F.nCarefully drop the doughnuts into the oil, about 6 at a time, making sure you do not overfill the pot. Fry the doughnuts until they are golden on both sides, about 3 minutes total. Drain on paper towels, and then toss into a bowl of sugar to coat. Fill doughnuts with StrawberryRhubarb Jam, if desired.nPlace the sugar and the vanilla bean seeds in a medium, heavybottomed saucepan. Add enough water to moisten all of the sugar about 14 cup. Be sure to brush down the sides of the pot with a pastry brush to remove any stray sugar granules. Cook the sugar over high heat until it caramelizes and turns golden, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the rhubarb and the wine. Cook, stirring, over high heat, until the rhubarb softens and becomes a pulp be careful the mixture will splatter.nAdd 13 of the strawberries to the pot and stir quickly into the rhubarb pulp, working over high heat. Cook until the berries turn into jam and the liquid has mostly evaporated from the pot, about 8 minutes. Add another 13 of the berries and quickly stir until just softened. Add the last batch of berries, turn off the heat, and stir gently. Allow the jam to sit undisturbed about 10 minutes. If using to fill the doughnuts, refrigerate the jam so it sets up and filling is easier. Keep refrigerated., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup bread flour, plus additional for dusting work surface and sprinkling batter, 1 tablespoon fresh yeast, or 1 14ounce package active dry yeast, 34 cup whole milk, 2 34 cups pastry flour, 1 vanilla bean, cut in half lengthwise, 12 cup 1 stick butter, cubed, 6 eggs, 12 cup sugar, plus more for tossing doughnuts, 14 teaspoon salt, Oil, for deepfrying, StrawberryRhubarb Jam, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, cut lengthwise, seeds reserved, 2 cups diced rhubarb, cut into 1inch pieces, about 4 stalks, 14 cup red wine, 4 pints small to medium strawberries, hulled and diced], title: Jelly Doughnuts with StrawberryRhubarb Jam, picturelink: null}, 23708: {instructions: Reserve 2 tablespoons of the mint. Place the remaining mint in a large bowl along with the cucumbers, 2 cups watermelon, yogurt, onion, cilantro, lemon juice, ginger, cayenne pepper and 2 teaspoon salt. In small batches, puree in a food processor until smooth. Place in a pitcher or large bowl and refrigerate for 2 hours.nTaste the gazpacho before serving and season with additional salt if needed. Divide the soup among 6 chilled bowls and top with the feta, toasted pepitas, remaining watermelon, reserved mint and a drizzle of chili infused oil., ingredients: [1 bunch mint, chopped about 1 12 cups, 4 large English cucumbers, peeled and chopped, 2 13 cups seeded and diced watermelon, 1 cup plain Greek yogurt, 12 small sweet onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 13 cup crumbled feta, 12 cup pepitas, toasted, Chiliinfused oil, for garnish], title: Cucumber Gazpacho with Watermelon and Mint, picturelink: el1nyDooIWKNGx.gPgz1a6rWd8t546}, 23709: {instructions: Blend the condensed milk, evaporated milk and lime juice in a blender until smooth.nSpoon 1 cup of the lime cream into the bottom of a 6cup glass trifle dish. Sprinkle with 13 of the lime zest. Then arrange 13 of the crackers over the cream, breaking them as needed to form a single layer. Repeat to make 2 more layers, ending with a layer of cream and a sprinkle of lime zest. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and chill until set, at least 2 hours, or overnight.nTo serve, thinly slice 1 lime and arrange the lime slices in an overlapping layer on top as garnish, if desired., ingredients: [1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 3 limes, juiced, 1 lime, zested, 1 5.5ounce package Maria crackers, or 1 4.8ounce package graham crackers, 1 lime, for garnish, optional], title: Lime Cream Trifle, picturelink: 6k8z9SqgLFDCxfljCc.KVHYZQRCoIVW}, 23710: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta. Return to the pot and toss with 1 tablespoon olive oil.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook about 30 seconds. Add the panko and fried onions and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate wipe out the skillet.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the cauliflower and cook until the edges brown, about 4 minutes. Add the red pepper flakes and toast 30 seconds. Add the reserved pasta water and cook until the liquid is reduced by half and the cauliflower is crisptender, about 1 more minute.nAdd the pasta, onion mixture and parmesan to the skillet and toss. Season with salt. Top with the basil, pine nuts and more parmesan. Photograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces linguine, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 12 cup fried onions, chopped, 4 cups cauliflower florets, roughly chopped, 12 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 14 cup pine nuts], title: CauliflowerOnion Linguine, picturelink: 6sqymbDpjGdkhg3FNMPquyEpBf5l7zy}, 23711: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCream the butter until soft in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add 14 cup sugar and mix until incorporated. Stir together the flour, cornstarch, and salt in a medium bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture and mix at low speed just until the ingredients are almost incorporated, then add the lavender, and mix until the dough starts to come together. Flour a work surface, turn the dough onto it, and knead it 5 to 10 times, to bring the dough together and smooth it out.nReflour the work surface. With a rolling pin, roll the dough out to a little less than 14inch thick to fit an 8 by 8inch square baking pan lined with parchment. To transfer to the pan, roll the dough up onto the rolling pin, lift it up, and unroll into the pan. Or, press the dough thoroughly into the pan with your fingers. Prick the shortbread all over with a fork, or use a piquevite dough docker if youve got one, to prevent any buckling or shrinking. Sprinkle the surface evenly with 1 tablespoon of the remaining sugar.nBake for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes, deflate the dough by knocking the pan once against the oven rack then rotate the pan to ensure even cooking and a flat surface. Bake 10 to 15 minutes more, until golden all over and very lightly browned. As soon as it comes out of the oven, sprinkle the surface evenly with the remaining tablespoon of sugar. Let cool about 5 minutes. Using a very sharp knife, cut into 3 rows by 5 rows making about 1 12inch by 3inch bars. Let cool completely in the pan. Remove from the pan and store in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick cool unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons dried or fresh lavender flowers], title: Lavender Shortbread, picturelink: null}, 23712: {instructions: In a deep, heavy bottomed stock pot, melt the butter and saute corn, onions, celery, and carrots. Add chicken stock and reduce by 12. Add cream and reduce by 12. Add thyme sprigs. Set aside.nSeason the lobsters with salt and pepper. Grill until the flesh becomes milky white. Heat lobster stock and blanch lobster claws for five minutes. Set aside. When cool, pick knuckle and claw meat.nBlanch haricot vert in lobster stock. Remove from stock and place in saute pan. Add cream, truffle oil, and chopped parsley. Hold warm and reserve lobster stock.nPlace creamed corn back on the stove until it simmers. Check seasoning.nIn a saute pan place the picked meat and grill tails. Warm them with the lobster stock.nSpoon the creamed corn into bowls. Arrange haricots verts around the edge of the bowl. Each bowl receives 2 knuckles, 2 claws, and 1 tail. Shave fresh truffles to garnish each bowl and finish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter unsalted, 6 ears fresh corn, shucked, kernels removed from cob, juices and husk reserved for garnish, 2 large Spanish onion, cut into brunoise, 4 ribs celery, cut into brunoise, 4 carrots, peeled and cut into brunoise, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 1 12 pound lobsters, split in half and viscera removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart white lobster stock, for blanching, 1 12 pounds haricots verts, washed and trimmed, 14 cup heavy cream, Truffle oil, 14 cup chopped parsley, plus more for garnish, Fresh truffles, for garnish], title: New England Creamed Corn and Charred Lobster Chowder with Summer Truffles, picturelink: null}, 23713: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over moderate heat. Cook the onions until soft, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a food processor fitted with the metal blade or a blender.nAdd the remaining ingredients and puree, in batches if you are using a blender, until smooth. Pass through a medium strainer, pressing with a spatula or wooden spoon to push through as much as possible. Pour into a saucepan, and add the salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, 20 minutes. Adjust the seasonings. Set aside to cool for table salsa or use warm for rice or chilaquiles. Store in the refrigerator 2 to 3 days or in the freezer for weeks., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 4 cups diced canned Italian plum tomatoes, 1 cup tomato juice, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 large jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded if desired, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Red Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 23714: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the shallots and oil in small saucepot and cook over high heat until the oil starts to bubble. Reduce the heat to medium and continue to cook, stirring frequently and adjusting the heat to maintain a steady stream of bubbles. Cook until the shallots are rust colored, about 15 minutes. Carefully pour through a strainer into a second pot, then transfer the shallots to a papertowellined plate. Save the oil for stirfries or for second batch of shallots. Separate the shallots with a fork and season with salt. Allow to cool completely before storing in a sealed container will keep for several weeks at room temperature.nSprinkle the beef with 3 tablespoons salt. Set on a rack in a baking dish, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, preheat the oven to 475 degrees F and adjust the rack to the lowermiddle positions. Roast the beef until it is lightly browned, 35 to 45 minutes. Flip the roast, reduce the heat to 300 degrees F and continue roasting until the center registers 135 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 45 minutes to 1 hour longer. Remove from the oven and allow to rest at least 45 minutes. Slice as thinly as possible.nCombine the thousand island and horseradish in a small bowl. Split the rolls in half and toast. Spread the dressing generously on the cut sides. Sprinkle the shallots generously on the top side of each roll. Top with the cheese. Place about 4 ounces beef on the bottom half of each sandwich. Close the sandwiches, cut and serve., ingredients: [6 medium shallots, sliced 18inch thick on a mandoline, dried with paper towels, 2 cups vegetable oil, One 5pound whole beef chuck roll roast, Kosher salt, 12 cup prepared thousand island dressing, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish or more as needed, Brioche sandwich buns, 4 ounces thinly sliced sharp Cheddar], title: Roast Beef 1000, picturelink: nSTGqhkr3nX4JEGqgroKGfNDJ4hQ6fu}, 23715: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Move a rack to the bottom position.nDrain the mandarin oranges and reserve the liquid. Measure the reserved liquid and add enough water to equal 1 14 cups. Measure out 1 cup mandarin oranges, reserving the remaining oranges for garnish.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine angel food cake mix, mandarin water, orange extract and orange zest. With an electric mixer, beat on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl and beat on medium for 1 minute. Pour into angel food tube pan. Carefully place 1 cup of orange segments around top of cake batter. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes, or until top of cake is cracked, dark golden brown, and not sticky.nRemove cake from oven and invert onto glass bottle to cool.nFrost cake with whipped topping and garnish with reserved orange segments.nCooks Note: Excessive stirring will cause whipped topping to become watery., ingredients: [1 15ounce can mandarin oranges in light syrup, 1 16ounce box angel food cake mix, 1 teaspoon orange extract, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 8ounce container whipped topping], title: Triple Orange Angel Food Cake, picturelink: null}, 23716: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Place the pineapple and scallions into a large mixing bowl. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Place in the grill pan and cook, turning occasionally, until softened and evenly browned, 7 to 10 minutes. Set aside.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk the zests and juices of the lemon, lime and orange together with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the apricot jam, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Mix to combine and set aside.nMeanwhile, slice each chicken breast horizontally to create 2 thin pieces. Pound each piece to 12inch thick and place in a shallow baking dish. Pour the citrus mixture over the chicken and refrigerate for 15 minutes. Remove the chicken from the marinade and lay it flat on a work surface. Sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper. Place 2 to 3 pineapple pieces and 2 scallion pieces in the center of 1 chicken fillet. Wrap the chicken around the pineapple and scallions and secure with toothpicks. Repeat with the remaining chicken, pineapple and scallions to create 4 wraps in total.nHeat the grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the chicken wraps, turning 90 degrees every 2 minutes, until evenly browned, 8 to 10 minutes total. Remove from the grill and let cool for 5 minutes. Remove the toothpicks and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 4by1inch pieces, 4 scallions, cut into 4inch pieces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 1 tablespoon apricot jam, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts], title: Grilled Pineapple Chicken Wraps, picturelink: null}, 23717: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, toss the prawns with the olive oil, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Let marinate for about a half hour while you heat up the grill. Grill prawns on each side until they turn pink, about 5 minutes depending on size.nRemove the peel and pith from the limes and cut between the membranes to remove the segments. Put these supremes into a bowl and squeeze over the juice from the membranes. Add the remaining ingredients and mix season with salt and pepper. Place warm grilled prawns on a platter and top with salsa., ingredients: [12 large shrimp, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 limes, 2 mangoes, diced, 4 to 5 red radishes, diced, 1 red onion, diced, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 12 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Shrimp with Mango, Lime and Radish Salsa, picturelink: 1vU2xeJFZK9HzOHE2Nus2UyHlae2YLu}, 23718: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nRinse and dry the fish thoroughly. Whisk together the egg whites and water and combine with the salt in a large mixing bowl. Work the mixture with your hands to distribute the water and egg whites in the salt. The salt mixture should hold together when you press a mound of it together between the palms of your hands. If it doesnt, work in another egg white.nFill a baking dish that is 2 inches longer than the fish about 13 full of the salt mixture. Place the fish on top. Cover the fish with the rest of the salt mixture and smooth the salt over with a spatula. Place the fish in the oven for about 40 minutes. The only way to know whether the fish is done is by inserting an instantread thermometer through the layer of salt and measuring the temperature of the fish. When it reaches 135 degrees F, take it out, and serve immediately.nBring the fish to the table on a baking sheet or on a large platter and crack it with a mallet or even a hammer. Pull back the salt layer, then peel off the skin with a fork. Serve on hot plates., ingredients: [1 4 pound red snapper, scaled, gutted, and gills removed, 4 or more egg whites, 12 cup cold water, 6 to 7 pounds coarse sea salt or kosher salt], title: Whole Red Snapper Baked in Salt, picturelink: 5sH8z9OXG0gSshynivkuYQrO5SPWSi}, 23719: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Put the poblanos skinside up on a foillined broiler pan broil until charred, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover and let sit about 5 minutes. Peel and cut into 12inch strips.nRub both sides of the chicken with the chili powder and salt to taste. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, cook the chicken until browned, about 30 seconds per side. Transfer to a plate. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet, then cook the onion until softened and browned, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and add the poblanos and garlic. Cover and cook 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the fries as the label directs.nCut the chicken into 12inch strips and add to the skillet along with the cream. Cook, uncovered, until the chicken is cooked through and the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Divide the fries among plates and spoon the chicken and sauce on top. Serve with lime wedges, if desired.nPer serving: Calories 761 Fat 48 g Saturated 17 g Cholesterol 127 mg Sodium 474 mg Carbohydrate 50 g Fiber 5 g Protein 32 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [34 pound poblano peppers, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 pound thin chicken cutlets, 2 teaspoons chili powder, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large white onion, sliced into 14inchthick rings, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 1pound bag frozen french fries, 34 cup heavy cream, Lime wedges, for serving optional], title: Chile Chicken With Fries, picturelink: 70MZZGIV.UJxVeueffK2IeyT0j.ArBm}, 23720: {instructions: Melt sugar in a small saucepot on medium heat. When sugar has melted to an amber color, add butter, stirring until melted. Remove from heat and slowly stir in cream being careful not to splatter. Pour half the caramel into a bowl and set aside. Fold bananas into remaining caramel in saucepot and return to mediumhigh heat. Stir to combine and cook until tender, about 2 minutes. Set aside and let cool slightly. Add ice cream, bananacaramel mixture, banana liqueur and rum to a blender and blitz until smooth. Drizzle remaining caramel down the sides of glass goblets. Pour in shake and serve., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 stick butter, cut into cubes, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 semiripe bananas, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1ounce banana liqueur recommended: 99 Bananas 1ounce white rum], title: Thick Bananas Foster Shake, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 23721: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a muffin pan with paper liners, and set aside. Add the soy milk and chia seeds to a large bowl, whisk to combine and set aside until thickened, about 10 minutes.nSift the brown rice flour, coconut flour, oat flour and baking powder into a medium bowl. Process the shredded coconut in a food processor until finely ground, about 30 seconds. Add it to the flour mixture, add the almond meal and whisk to combine set aside.nAdd the banana, eggs, coconut oil, maple syrup, vanilla and salt to the chia seed mixture, and whisk to combine. Add the flourcoconut mixture, and stir until almost combined. Add the carrots, and stir again. Spoon the batter into the lined muffin cups, and top each with a few pieces of flaked coconut.nBake the muffins until a toothpick comes out clean, 30 minutes. Remove them from the oven, let sit in the muffin tin for 10 minutes, then place on a rack to cool. The muffins keep well for a day or two in an airtight container at room temperature, or up to 3 days in the fridge., ingredients: [12 cup soy or almond milk, 2 tablespoons chia seeds, 14 cup brown rice flour, 14 cup coconut flour, 14 cup oat flour, 2 teaspoons aluminumfree baking powder, 12 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 34 cup almond meal, 34 cup mashed banana from about 2 large bananas, 2 eggs, beaten, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons melted extravirgin coconut oil, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 1 12 cups grated carrots, Flaked coconut, for garnish], title: GlutenFree CarrotCoconut Muffins, picturelink: xrMixgaTzetihw8HZy65NZ.aoxt3mi}, 23722: {instructions: In a kettle cover the potatoes with cold water and bring salted water to a boil. Simmer potatoes for 12 to 15 minutes, or until they are tender. Drain potatoes and force them through a ricer into a bowl. Stir in the butter, 2 egg yolks, salt, and the white pepper and let mixture cool for at least 20 minutes or up to 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nTransfer 14 cup of the mixture to a lightly floured surface, with lightly floured hands pinch off a piece the size of a marble, and reserve it. Roll the larger portion into a smooth ball, and drop it gently into one of the chilled molds. Make a shallow indentation gently in the top of the ball, form the reserved marble size portion into a smooth ball, and carefully place it in the indentation. In a small bowl combine the last egg yolk with the milk and brush the egg wash onto each of the brioches , being careful not to let it drip down the side of the mold. Bake on a baking sheet for 25 to 30 minutes, or until they are golden brown. Let them cool on a rack for 20 minutes. Loosen the edges with a metal skewer and invert to carefully remove from molds. They may be made one day in advance. Store chilled and covered, and reheat at 400 degrees F. for 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boiling potatoes, peeled and quartered, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 3 large egg yolks, 12 teaspoon salt, White pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon milk, 8 well buttered miniature brioche molds measuring 2 12inches across the top, chilled], title: Potato Brioches, picturelink: null}, 23723: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace hens on a sheet tray fitted with a cooling rack in the refrigerator to dry skin out for 1 hour. Meanwhile, in a small pan over medium heat, melt butter with sage, zest, salt and pepper. Remove hens from refrigerator. Preheat 2 large saute pans over medium heat, lightly coat with oil. Season hens with salt and pepper and sear, skin side down, in the pans. Sear until skin caramelizes and turns golden brown and crispy, about 7 to 10 minutes. Flip birds over, and baste with sage butter. Sprinkle tops with chopped bacon and place in preheated oven to finish cooking, 25 to 30 minutes, basting occasionally. Let rest 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 1 34pound Cornish game hens, butterflied, 1 stick butter, softened, 5 to 7 sage leaves, finely chopped, 1 lemon, zested, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for sauteing, 4 strips bacon, chopped], title: Butterflied Cornish Hens with Sage Butter, picturelink: SERAzb2BJyYMsFGjIX9LIbd4G5CzAIS}, 23724: {instructions: Brown chicken in 2 tablespoons of olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add shallot and garlic. Deglaze with Marsala. Take pan away from heat source and flambe. Return pan to stove, flame will go out in about 1 minute. Add prosciutto and herbs. Sprinkle in bread crumbs and 1 tablespoon Parmesan. Drizzle in 1 tablespoon of olive oil to keep moist. Discard bay leaves. Pulse together all ingredients in a food processor. Add egg, cream, remaining Parmesan and olive oil. Pulse again. Chill before filling ravioli., ingredients: [8 ounces chicken breast, cut in strips, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 14 cup Marsala wine or chicken broth, 4 thin slices prosciutto, sliced, 4 bay leaves, Fresh thyme and parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, grated, divided, Salt and pepper, 1 egg, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Chicken Marsala Ravioli Filling, picturelink: null}, 23725: {instructions: Stir together the coconut milk, chia seeds and maple syrup in a cereal bowl. Refrigerate overnight, covered, to allow the seeds to plump and the mixture to thicken into a loose pudding.nUncover the pudding, and arrange the pineapples, kiwis, raspberries, almonds and coconut flakes in neat piles on top of the pudding. Then take a photo, ingredients: [23 cup light coconut milk, 2 tablespoons chia seeds, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup, 14 cup fresh pineapple chunks, 12 medium kiwi, peeled and sliced, 3 tablespoons raspberries, 1 tablespoon roasted almonds, chopped, 1 tablespoon unsweetened coconut flakes], title: CoconutChia Pudding Breakfast Bowl, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 23726: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the bread cubes out on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool.nTrim the dry part from the bottom of the cremini stem and quarter. Stem and quarter the shiitakes. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter with the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, shallots, garlic, and rosemary and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables soften and brown, about 25 minutes. Add an additional tablespoon of butter, if needed, to prevent sticking. Carefully add the Cognac if working over gas, pull the skillet from the heat, and simmer until the liquid is slightly syrupy. Stir in the chicken broth and salt and bring to a simmer.nWhisk the cream, eggs, and pepper, to taste, in a large bowl. Add the bread, mushroom mixture, and parsley and toss until the bread is moistened. Transfer the dressing to a buttered 1 12quart baking dish. Bake, uncovered, until the dressing sets and the top browns, about 1 hour. Let dressing sit for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [8 slices white bread, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 12 pounds mixed mushrooms, such as cremini and shiitake, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 shallots, sliced, 4 cloves chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary, 14 cup Cognac, or other brandy, 2 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 large eggs, beaten, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Savory Mushroom Dressing, picturelink: null}, 23727: {instructions: For the vinaigrette:nPut the vinegar, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, peanut butter, chili oil, honey and sesame oil in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the canola oil until emulsified. If the vinaigrette is too thick, thin with a little warm water. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nFor the salad:nHeat grill to high. Brush the radicchio with oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until lightly golden brown. Arrange radicchio, endive and watercress on a platter and drizzle with the peanut vinaigrette. Garnish with peanuts, chives and cilantro., ingredients: [Spicy Peanut Vinaigrette, 3 tablespoons aged sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons smooth peanut butter, 1 teaspoon Asian hot chili oil, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 12 cup canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 heads radicchio, cut into quarters, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 heads endive, thinly sliced, 1 bunch watercress, Chopped peanuts, for garnish, Chopped chives, for garnish, Chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Grilled Radicchio with Endive, Watercress and Spicy Peanut Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 23728: {instructions: Heat butter and oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Season beef with salt and pepper. Sear meat in 2 batches on all sides until well browned, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove meat with a slotted spoon and set aside. Add onions and cook, stirring constantly, until well caramelized, about 5 to 7 minutes.nReturn meat to pot, and add stock. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 1 hour. Add bouquet garni, barley, and vegetables, and simmer for 1 hour, adding more stock if necessary. Adjust seasonings., ingredients: [1 tablespoon clarified unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 pounds beef shoulder, cut into 12inch pieces, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 small yellow onions, peeled and chopped, 8 cups beef stock, plus more if necessary, 1 bouquet garni of rosemary, thyme, and bay leaf tied in cheesecloth, 34 cup pearl barley, 3 carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 3 parsnips, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 pound mixed mushrooms, cut into 1inch pieces, such as cultivated white, cremini, yellowfoot, chanterelle, hedgehog, or black trumpet], title: Beef Barley Soup, picturelink: null}, 23729: {instructions: Spread the mayo and mustard on one side of half the French Toast slices, then top each with 2 ounces cheese, one of the scrambled eggs, 3 ounces ham, and another slice of French toast. Grill the sandwiches in a hot pan until the cheese begins to melt, 1 minute per side. Remove to a plate, cut each in half, and drizzle generously with the Pepper Jelly to serve.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the milk, cinnamon and eggs, and pour into a shallow bowl, wide enough to fit a slice of the bread.nMelt the butter in a large skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Place each slice of bread into the milk mixture, allowing the bread to soak in some of the liquid. Shake off the excess liquid, and place the bread in the hot skillet. Fry the French toast until browned on one side, then flip and brown the other side. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the sugar and vinegar to a boil. Cook until reduced by onethird, 15 to 20 minutes. Add the bell peppers, jalapenos and salt, and cook until the peppers soften, 10 minutes. Make a slurry with the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons cold water. Add the slurry to the pot and stir to combine. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons mustard, 8 slices French Toast, recipe follows, 8 ounces Swiss cheese, 4 eggs, soft scrambled, 12 ounces shaved ham, 1 cup Pepper Jelly, recipe follows, 23 cup milk, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 4 eggs, 8 thick slices slightly stale bread, 1 tablespoon butter or vegetable oil, 4 cups sugar, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 1 pound red bell peppers, seeded and finely diced, 5 jalapenos, seeded and finely diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons cornstarch], title: Madam Cristo with Pepper Jelly, picturelink: MpImksyI0kvEn4gPXZgWpkgiblfSz2}, 23730: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor or blender, combine the mayonnaise, sour cream, parsley, dill, chives, Worcestershire sauce, black pepper, vinegar, paprika, salt, cayenne, hot sauce, chipotle peppers and garlic. Add the buttermilk to the desired consistency and blend. Chill for a couple of hours before serving, thinning with more buttermilk if needed.nServe the carrots, celery and cucumbers with the dip., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup Italian flatleaf parsley leaves, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh dill, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon white vinegar, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Dash hot sauce, 1 to 2 chipotle peppers, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 14 to 12 cup buttermilk as needed for desired consistency, 3 pounds carrots, cut into batons, 3 packages celery, cut into batons, 6 cucumbers, cut into batons], title: Raw Veggies with Chipotle Ranch Dressing, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 23731: {instructions: Combine mayonnaise with lemon juice, zest and mustard in a bowl using a whisk. Slowly drizzle in olive oil to create a simple emulsion. Fold in the herbs and capers with a spatula and chill slightly before serving with poached fish or seafood., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup coarsely chopped flat parsley leaves, 14 cup fresh chopped dill, 2 tablespoons tiny capers, coarsely chopped], title: Herb and Caper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23732: {instructions: Pulse shrimp, ginger, sesame oil, rice wine, and egg white in a food processor until a coarse puree forms, then transfer to a bowl. Stir in jicama, cilantro, scallions, and salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat 2 inches vegetable oil in a 3quart saucepan over moderately high heat until it registers 375 degrees F on deepfat thermometer.nWhile oil is heating, divide shrimp spread among bread slices about 2 tablespoons per slice and spread evenly to edges. Sprinkle with sesame seeds, then gently press seeds into shrimp spread to make them stick.nFry 2 bread slices, shrimp sides down, until shrimp is browned, about 1 minute. Turn over and fry until undersides are golden, about 30 seconds. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Fry remaining slices in same manner. Cut each toast diagonally into 2 triangles and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound rock shrimp or regular shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 1 tablespoon rice wine or mediumdry sherry, 1 large egg white, 14 cup diced 18inch peeled jicama, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 scallions white and pale green parts only, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, About 6 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 12 very thin slices firm white sandwich bread, crusts discarded, 14 cup sesame seeds], title: Shrimp Toasts, picturelink: null}, 23733: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 individual trifle dishesnFor the spicy chocolate tres leches: In a small saucepan, whisk together the halfandhalf, unsweetened cocoa powder, sweetened condensed milk, evaporated milk and cayenne pepper. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer for 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the coffee liqueur. Cool before using.nFor the whipped cream: Pour the cream into a medium bowl. Using an electric hand mixer, beat the cream until soft peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the powdered sugar, cinnamon, vanilla and mascarpone. Mix until well combined.nDip the ladyfingers in the chocolate tres leches. Place 2 to 3 ladyfingers in the bottom of each trifle dish. Top with 1 tablespoon of the chocolate tres leches. Top with 2 tablespoons of the whipped cream mixture, and then a few pieces of mango and raspberries. Repeat the layers and garnish the top of each trifle with fruit pieces. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [12 cup halfandhalf, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup evaporated milk, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup coffee liqueur, 1 cup whipping cream, chilled, 13 cup powdered sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 24 soft ladyfingers, 1 fresh mango, peeled, seeded and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 pint fresh raspberries], title: Tres Leches Tiramisu, picturelink: 1kc75QSz0Sor9RG8B1m9F9QVbc3Orvq}, 23734: {instructions: Open the wine. Pour out 12 cup to enjoy while you carry on with the recipe. This is not greed a bit has to come out or the bottle with overflow when you add the other ingredients.nShave the zest from the orange with a vegetable peeler. Remove every trace of bitter white pith from the back with a sharp knife. Poke the orange zest into the bottle of wine. Funnel in the sugar. Drop in the coriander seeds, if using. Recork the bottle. Turn it upside down and right side up a few times until the sugar has dissolved. Refrigerate for 1 week, giving the wine a shake once a day.nStrain the wine into a carafe and serve wellchilled as an aperitif., ingredients: [1 bottle 750 ml dry white wine, 1 medium organic orange, 13 cup65g sugar, 8 coriander seeds, optional], title: Orange Peel Wine, picturelink: null}, 23735: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a 12inch ovensafe nonstick skillet set over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until translucent and lightly golden, 7 to 10 minutes. Whisk the milk, salt and eggs together in medium bowl. Add the egg mixture to the skillet, then add the peas. Add the black pepper and cook the frittata until the edges begin to set and turn pale yellow, 5 to 7 minutes. Place the salmon pieces in a single layer on the eggs. Place the skillet in the middle of the oven and bake until the center is set and no longer jiggles, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool for 5 minutes. Cut the frittata into six wedges and garnish with the chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 cups 18inchthick sliced onions, 14 cup 1percent milk, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 10 large eggs, 1 cup fresh, frozen or canned cooked peas, Pinch ground black pepper, 4 ounces smoked salmon, torn into 2inch pieces, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Smoked SalmonSpring Pea Frittata, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 23736: {instructions: For the crepes:nIn a bowl, whisk dry ingredients together. In a separate bowl, whisk wet ingredients together. Slowly mix the dry ingredients into the wet. Chill for 1 hour. Strain, if necessary.nAdd enough batter to a hot pan to thinly coat the bottom of the pan. Cook crepe for a minute or so or until the bottom of the crepe edges start to curl. Flip over and cook for about 30 seconds. Remove each crepe and stack on a plate. Set aside until ready to fill.nFor the Strawberry Zinfandel syrup:nAdd all ingredients into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Boil until reduced about 34 of the way. Strain and then continue to reduce to a medium syrup.nFor the rhubarb syrup:nPlace the ingredients into a large pot, cover with water and bring to a boil. Boil until reduced about 34. Strain and then continue to reduce to a heavy syrup.nFor the rhubarb butter:nPlace ingredients into a bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle and cream until homogenous. This can alternately be done with a hand mixer.nFor the sauteed strawberries:nSaute strawberries in a small amount of rhubarb butter until slightly soft. Add vanilla sugar. Deglaze with raspberry vinegar. Spread on sheet pan to cool.nFill crepes with some of the strawberry mixture and a little more rhubarb butter. Fold into quarters and place on sizzle platter, 3 at a time, dotted with a small amount of rhubarb butter.nFor service:nLay 1 crepe browned side down and smear with a bit of rhubarb butter. Spoon some of the sauteed strawberries down the center and fold the crepe over so it overlaps slightly. Sprinkle with some of the vanilla sugar and brown with a torch. Drizzle some of the Zinfandel syrup over, and sprinkle with pink peppercorns and strawberries. Serve with ice cream, if desired., ingredients: [About 3 ounces 85 grams cake flour, About 3 ounces 85 grams bread flour, About 1.5 ounces 43 grams sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 eggs, 3 egg yolks, 1 12 cups milk, About 3 ounces 85 grams melted butter, 3 pints strawberries, hulled, About 7 ounces 187 grams sugar, 12 whole nutmeg, crushed, About 11 ounces 300 ml Zinfandel, About 6 cups 1.5 liter water, About 7 ounces 75 g fresh ginger, 1 vanilla bean, split, 1.5 pounds rhubarb, cut into large chunks, About 7 ounces 200 grams sugar, 12 pound butter, room temperature, 14 cup rhubarb syrup, 3 pints strawberries, hulled and quartered, Some rhubarb butter, 2 tablespoons vanilla sugar, Raspberry vinegar, Vanilla sugar, Crushed pink peppercorns, Ice cream], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Zinfandel Crepes, picturelink: 24lm8Gf1SoX5r8MJJ.UVTTXXDEXKC2C}, 23737: {instructions: To prepare the soup, in a saucepan over mediumlow heat, combine the vegetable broth, ginger, sugar, rice vinegar, soy sauce, oyster sauce and sambal. Allow to simmer 15 minutes to mingle the flavors.nTo prepare the tofu steaks, cut the tofu block lengthwise, then cut in half to make 4 slabs. Lay several layers of paper towels on a cutting board then place the tofu, side by side, on top. Cover the steaks with more paper towels and press down to drain out some of the water in the curd making it denser and hold together better when cooked. Combine the bread crumbs, cayenne, paprika, salt and pepper. Dip each piece of tofu into the beaten eggs then dredge in the seasoned bread crumbs to coat. Heat peanut oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry the tofu steaks 4 minutes each side. Remove to a platter lined with fresh paper towels. Add sesame oil to the skillet, stirfry the ginger and garlic with the chili for 2 minutes to build a base flavor. Add the broccoli and saute 3 minutes until it begins to soften, season with salt and pepper. Divide the udon noodles and spicy broth among 4 bowls. Add the broccoli then lay a piece of tofu on top. Garnish with a sprinkle of green onions, cilantro, and peanuts before serving., ingredients: [1 quart vegetable broth, 2inch piece fresh ginger, cut in half, Pinch sugar, 13 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 12 teaspoon Sambal, 1 pound firm tofu, 1 cup bread crumbs, Panko preferred, Pinch cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon hot paprika, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 12 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 dried Hawaiian chile, chopped, 1 pound Chinese broccoli, roughly chopped, 12 pound udon noodles, cooked, 1 bunch green onions, julienned, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 12 cup peanuts, roasted and salted], title: Pan Fried Tofu with Spicy Ginger Soup, picturelink: null}, 23738: {instructions: In large nonstick frying pan, melt butter and oil. Add onions and mushrooms and cook, covered, for about 3 to 7 minutes or until mushrooms start to soften. Remember, leave the lid on to keep it from drying out. When mushrooms have softened, add lemon juice along with seasonings and sour cream. Mix well. Add cooked pasta and heat thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper, if needed, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon oil, 2 large onions, chopped, 14 pound shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 14 pound oyster mushrooms, sliced, 14 pound chanterelle mushrooms, sliced, 14 pound morel mushrooms, Juice from 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 12 pint nonfat sour cream, 12 ounces cooked pasta, your favorite I prefer angel hair, 13 to 12 cup nuts, chopped], title: Mushroom Stroganoff, picturelink: null}, 23739: {instructions: Mix all seasoning in a large bowl. Add short ribs and toss to coat evenly. Allow to sit for one hour before smoking. Build a hickory fire in grill on one side only. Place the beef ribs on the grill on the opposite side of the fire and close off the air so the fire goes down. Maintain a temperature of 275 degrees for 3 hours, basting with mop every 15 minutes for the last 45 minutes.nMix all ingredients together., ingredients: [10 pounds short ribs of beef, 2 inches thick, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon garlic, 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon ancho powder, 3 tablespoons Frenchs mustard, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 cup apple cider], title: Bbq Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 23740: {instructions: Cut the tuna into thin strips or small cubes and dress very lightly with fresh lemon zest and juice season to taste with salt and pepper.nWith a small spoon remove the seeds and cut the cucumber into half moon pieces. Make a dressing of yogurt and dill season to taste with salt and pepper and toss with cucumber half moons. Make a little pile of lemon dressed smoked tuna in the center of each dinner plate and surround it with the yogurt dressed cucumbers., ingredients: [12ounce piece of smoked tuna, 1 lemon zested and juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 kirby cucumbers, peeled, 12 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons fresh dill, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Smoked Tuna with Yogurt Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 23741: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 deg. Spray ovensafe 11inch skillet or a 9 X 13 cake pan with nonstick cooking spray.nPrepare cake mix according to package directions, except reduce the water by 14 cup. After mixing, fold in the mincemeat and nuts.nBake 35 to 40 min. Cake is done with toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean.nLet cool 5 min. Run a knife around edge of pan and invert onto serving plate.nSauce: Combine butter, sugar and eggnog in small saucepan. Bring to a boil. Boil for 2 min. Remove from heat stir in rum or rum extract and a dash of nutmeg. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 lemon cake mix, 1 cup mincemeat, 12 cup finely chopped almonds, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup butter, 12 cup prepared eggnog, 1 teaspoon rum or, 12 teaspoon rum extract, Dash of nutmeg], title: Holiday Mincemeat Cake with Eggnog Rum Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23742: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water by at least a couple inches. Salt the water generously, bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water.nBring another pot of salted water to a boil and throw the beans in just for a minute or two until they turn bright green. Strain them and run them under cold water to stop the beans from cooking.nIn a mixing bowl combine the remaining ingredients and whisk until smooth.nCut the potatoes in half lengthwise and then into roughly 1 inch chunks. Cut beans in half. Toss the potato chunks in the dressing and then toss in the green beans and the parsley., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon or baby white potatoes, 1 pound green beans, trimmed, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons whole grain Dijon mustard, 1 shallot minced, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 30 grinds black pepper, 13 cup packed finely chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Warm Dijon Potato Salad with Green Beans, picturelink: gRo.yBUmUhUcSE544hp.pWWKUqy45m}, 23743: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, salt, add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente.nMeanwhile, heat olive oil in skillet. Add bacon and saute for about 5 minutes or until it has rendered its fat and bits are crisp. Add garlic and saute for few seconds. Remove skillet from the heat, over and set aside until pasta is done.nWhisk eggs and cheese together and season to taste with salt and pepper. When pasta is done, drain well and return to pot, off heat. Thoroughly combine with bacon, garlic and oil. Stirring pasta continuously with a long wooden pasta fork, slowly pour in the egg mixture. Continue to stir, over low heat, until the eggs thicken into a sauce. Remove from the heat immediately or eggs will curdle. If you are concerned eggs are not cooked enough, continue to cook until they form soft curds it wont look pretty but it will taste delicious., ingredients: [8 ounces dry spinach fettuccine, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 ounces finely chopped bacon, 1 clove minced garlic, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup grated sharp white cheddar cheese, Salt and pepper], title: American Pasta Carbonara, picturelink: null}, 23744: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Slice potatoes in half and place in 9 by 13 Pyrex baking dish. Drizzle in olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Add rosemary and garlic. Toss to coat. Roast for 30 40 minutes, until golden, crispy and tender. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds red potatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, Pepper, 1 tablespoon rosemary, 2 cloves garlic, minced], title: Roasted New Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 23745: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Place foil or paper baking cups into 30 mini 1 14inch muffin pan cups. Set aside.nCombine sugar and 14 cup Cinnamon Sugar Butter Spread in large bowl beat at medium speed until well mixed. Add buttermilk, 1 ounce melted chocolate, egg and vanilla continue beating until well mixed. Reduce speed to low add flour, baking soda and salt. Beat until well mixed. Add boiling water continue beating until smooth.nSpoon about 1 tablespoon batter into each prepared muffin pan cups. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely.nPlace 13 cup Cinnamon Sugar Butter Spread and melted chocolate in medium bowl. Beat at medium speed until creamy. Gradually add powdered sugar and cocoa, alternately with whipping cream, beating well after each addition until creamy.nPipe or frost each cupcake with about 1 tablespoon frosting sprinkle with decorator sprinkles, if desired., ingredients: [em, Cupcakes:, em, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup LAND O LAKESu00ae Cinnamon Sugar Butter Spread, 14 cup buttermilk, 1 1ounce square unsweetened chocolate, melted, 1 LAND O LAKESu00ae AllNatural Egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup boiling water, Frosting:, 13 cup LAND O LAKESu00ae Cinnamon Sugar Butter Spread, 2 cups powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, 13 cup whipping cream, Decorator sprinkles, if desired, Substitute 1 teaspoon vinegar or lemon juice and enough milk to equal 14 cup let stand 5 minutes.], title: Double Chocolate Cinnamon Mini Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 23746: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450. Cover the potatoes with cold water in a saucepan and salt the water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook until tender, about 8 minutes drain and set aside.nPile the rosemary leaves, garlic, 2 teaspoons salt and the red pepper flakes on a cutting board, then mince and mash into a paste using a large knife. Transfer the paste to a bowl. Stir in the juice of 1 lemon and the olive oil. Add the chicken and turn to coat.nHeat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken, skinside down, cover and cook until the skin browns, about 5 minutes. Turn the chicken add the mushrooms and potatoes to the skillet and drizzle with the juice of the remaining lemon.nAdd the rosemary sprigs and the squeezed lemon halves to the skillet transfer to the oven and roast, uncovered, until the chicken is cooked through and the skin is crisp, 20 to 25 minutes.nPer serving: Calories 413 Fat 23 g Saturated 5 g Cholesterol 87 mg Sodium 1,055 mg Carbohydrate 19 g Fiber 2 g Protein 32 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [34 pound small redskinned potatoes, halved, or quartered if large, Kosher salt, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, plus 1 tablespoon leaves, 1 clove garlic, smashed, Pinch of red pepper flakes, Juice of 2 lemons squeezed halves reserved, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 skinon, bonein chicken breasts 6 to 8 ounces each, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, halved], title: Skillet Rosemary Chicken, picturelink: gWTAh5w0b1WmAK6LTfWwwcvbZHNPqz6}, 23747: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil.nStir The Spice Hunteru00ae Thai Seasoning, 1 teaspoon oil, 1 tablespoon syrup, and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Add the cashews and stir until wellcoated. Spread in a single layer on the prepared pan. Bake until golden and crisp, about 25 minutes. Cool completely, then coarsely chop.nWhile the nuts bake and cool, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large saucepot over medium heat. Add the onion and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the squash, The Spice Hunteru00ae Curry Seasoning, and a large pinch of salt. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the coconut milk and stock and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the squash is tender, about 20 minutes.nBlend the squash mixture on high speed until very smooth. Divide among serving bowls and top with the chopped cashews., ingredients: [1 tablespoon The Spice Hunteru00ae Thai Seasoning, 2 tablespoons, plus 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, Kosher salt, 1 cup raw cashews, 1 sweet onion, diced, 1 2 34pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and diced, 1 tablespoon The Spice Hunteru00ae Curry Seasoning, 1 13.5ounce can coconut milk, 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock], title: Curried Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: piG92AnKUPVkH9hDduAchqoLp01HuX2}, 23748: {instructions: Special equipment: a stocking cookie cutter about 3 12 inches by 2 12 inchesnFor the cookies: In a small saucepan, melt 12 stick 4 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat. Stir in the cocoa powder and mix until smooth, forming a paste. Set aside to cool. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In the bowl of a stand mixer, add the remaining 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons butter, the granulated sugar, brown sugar and cooled chocolate paste and mix until combined, about 3 minutes. Add in the vanilla and eggs and mix well. Slowly incorporate the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and mix well. Transfer the dough to a floured work surface, divide into two disks, wrap in plastic and chill in the refrigerator for about an hour. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Working with one disk at a time, roll out the dough to 14inch thickness. Cut out stocking shapes with the cookie cutter and place the cookies 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Reroll the scraps to get as many cookies as possible, returning the dough to the refrigerator to chill if necessary. Bake the cookies just until theyre set, 10 to 12 minutes. Bake one sheet at a time for even cooking and browning. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack and let cool. For the salted caramel: In a heavybottomed saucepan , combine the granulated sugar and 14 cup water over mediumlow heat and cook until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat and bring the mixture to a boil without stirring. If necessary, use a wet pastry brush to wash down any crystals on the sides of the pan. Boil until the syrup is a deep amber color, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the syrup from the heat and carefully whisk in the heavy cream the mixture will bubble. Stir in the butter and salt. Transfer the caramel to a dish and cool completely. Decorate the cookies with the chilled caramel., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup Dutch process cocoa powder, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring work surface, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 1 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup heavy cream, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon gray sea salt , crushed, or kosher salt], title: Salted Caramel Chocolate Stockings, picturelink: null}, 23749: {instructions: Soak salted codfish in water for 1 hour to release salt. In a medium saucepot, with enough water to cover the salted codfish, boil for 15 minutes. Strain, remove any bones, and let cool. Set aside.nIn a large pan with olive oil, saute onion, scallions, and garlic until onions are translucent. Add salted codfish and saute for an additional 5 minutes. Add thyme and peppers. Then add ackee and saute for 3 to 5 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [12 pound salted codfish, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, 1 bunch scallions, diced, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 1 sprig thyme, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 habanero pepper, chopped, 12 pound cooked ackee, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Ackee and Salted Codfish Saltfish, picturelink: null}, 23750: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water.nIn a 12inch skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant and golden, about 1 minute. Remove the garlic and discard.nAdd the treviso, spinach, chicken stock, balsamic vinegar, lemon juice, 1 tablespoon of salt, and red pepper flakes. Cook until the treviso and spinach until wilted, about 6 to 8 minutes.nAdd the pasta and Parmesan. Toss well and thin out the sauce with a little pasta water, if needed. Season with salt, to taste.nTransfer the penne to serving bowls. Top each portion with the crumbled goat cheese and garnish with basil before serving., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, halved, 1 pound treviso or radicchio, chopped about 4 cups, 3 packed cups 3 ounces baby spinach, 12 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 12 cups grated Parmesan, 1 12 cups 11 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 12 cup basil leaves, torn], title: Penne with Treviso and Goat Cheese, picturelink: Wo3GlYHOgq4p2jndfLn9n4bVgF7Y5K}, 23751: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat your oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13inch jelly roll pan with softened butter or cooking spray.nBeat your butter in the bowl of a stand mixer until it is light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the brown and granulated sugars a little bit at a time, pouring them in on the side of the bowl. While youre adding your sugars, stop the mixer occasionally and scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl to make sure that everything is fully mixed. Cream the butter and sugar mixture until it is light and fluffy, about 8 minutes. Creaming creates air pockets in the dough, and therefore these blondies have a light and delicate texture.nWhisk your flour, baking soda and sea salt, if using, in a bowl. Add the salt only if desired because there is plenty on top of the finished brownies. Add your eggs 1 at a time, adding the second only after the first is fully incorporated. Once the second egg is fully incorporated, add your vanilla. Turn your mixer down to low speed and slowly add the flour mixture. Once the dry ingredients are fully incorporated into the wet ingredients, add in all those chocolate chips. Your machine will seem to be struggling to mix in the chocolate chips because there are so many of them, but dont turn it up, leave it on low and allow it to fully mix the chips in. Spread your cookie dough into the prepared jelly roll. Evenly sprinkle the top of the dough with the fleur de sel.nPop the blondies in the oven until they are golden brown on top and not wobbly in the center, 30 to 35 minutes. Allow the blondies to cool in the pan on a wire rack or on a dishtowel on your counter.nCut the blondies, still in the pan, with a sharp knife into bars, about 48 pieces. Remove with a spatula and serve. Store any leftovers in an airtight container for up to 1 week, but they will not last that long, ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, plus more for pan, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch fine sea salt, if desired, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 1 to 1 12 tablespoons fleur de sel], title: Fleur de Sel Chocolate Chip Blondies, picturelink: 8pulyD73AluPFdwtSG9HFz8rrCRwaC}, 23752: {instructions: For Big Mamas Rub:nPlace all ingredients into a resealable container and mix until thoroughly combined.nFor the oven fried chicken:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCover each piece of chicken in buttermilk, then lemonpepper, nosalt seasoning and Big Mamas Rub, to taste. Place in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and place into the refrigerator overnight so that the meat can absorb some of the liquid.nRemove the chicken from the refrigerator and dredge in selfrising flour.nFry the chicken in a 12inch of canola oil in the bottom of a roasting pan in the preheated oven. Fry the chicken for 15 minutes per side., ingredients: [4 cups white sugar, 14 cup chili powder, 14 cup paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons ground celery seed, 2 tablespoons smoked hickory salt, 14 cup meat tenderizer, 14 cup salt, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 10 pieces fresh chicken, desired bonein parts, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon lemonpepper, 1 teaspoon nosalt seasoning, 2 cups selfrising flour, Canola oil, for frying], title: Big Mamas Kitchen  Oven Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 23753: {instructions: For the roasted garlic bulbs:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace garlic heads in a small roasting dish and drizzle each half with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Cover with foil and roast for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until soft. Let cool slightly and squeeze the cloves of garlic into a small bowl.nFor the lamb shanks:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large Dutch oven until smoking. Season the shanks on both sides with salt and pepper and sear until golden brown on both sides, remove to a plate. Remove all but 2 tablespoons of the fat in the pan and add the celery, carrots and onions and cook until caramelized.nAdd the port and red wine and cook until almost completely reduced. Add the chicken stock, thyme, parsley sprigs and shanks and salt and pepper and bring to a boil on the stove, cover, transfer to the oven and bake for 1 12 to 2 hours or until the meat is tender.nRemove shanks to a plate and loosely tent with foil to keep warm. Strain the cooking liquid into a medium saucepan and discard the solids Whisk in the roasted garlic and cook over high heat, whisking occasionally, until reduced by half, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove 1 cup of the liquid to use for the orzo and continue reducing the remaining liquid by half again or until thickened to a glaze. Serve the lamb on top of the orzo and drizzle the shanks with the reduced cooking liquid, oven roasted tomatoes and chopped parsley.nFor the orzo pasta:nHeat a medium nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Add 12 of the orzo and toast until golden brown.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the oil and 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat, add the onion and cook until soft. Add the toasted orzo and the remaining orzo and saute for 1 minute to coat the pasta with the oilonion mixture. Bring 8 cups of water or chicken stock to a boil in a medium pot or a combination of chicken stock and water and add hot waterstock to the orzo as if you were making risotto, 1 cup at a time, stirring constantly until the liquid is absorbed and the pasta is al dente you may not need to use all of the water. Stir in the cold butter and a 1 cup of the braising liquid, chopped parsley and salt and pepper to taste and cook 1 minute longer.nFor the slow roasted tomatoes:nToss the tomatoes in olive oil, season with salt and pepper and roast in a 200 degree F oven for 6 hours.nMake extra roasted heads to use for garnish on the plate, if desired ., ingredients: [1 head garlic, split in 12 crosswise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 lamb shanks, bonein, 2 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 2 carrots, coarsely chopped, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 1 cup port, 1 cup red wine, 3 cups chicken stock, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 8 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley plus freshly chopped parsley leaves, for garnish, Roasted Garlic Cloves, 34 pound orzo pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 cup reduced lamb braising liquid from above, 4 plum tomatoes, sliced in 12 vertically, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Oven Roasted Lamb Shanks with Roasted Tomatoes and Toasted Orzo, picturelink: null}, 23754: {instructions: Separate garlic heads into cloves do not peel. Pick over beans and in a 4quart kettle combine with garlic and enough cold water to cover beans by 2 inches. Gently simmer bean mixture, adding more water as necessary to keep beans covered, until beans are tender, about 1 12 hours. Drain bean mixture in a colander. Remove garlic and peel. In a small bowl mash garlic with a fork and gently stir into beans.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. In a 2quart nonreactive baking dish gently stir together bean mixture, broth, and salt and pepper to taste. In a bowl with your fingertips blend together bread crumbs and butter. Sprinkle crumb mixture evenly over bean mixture and bake in middle of oven until golden and bubbly, about 20 minutes, ingredients: [2 heads garlic, 1 12 cups dried white beans such as Great Northern or navy, 34 cup chicken broth, 12 cup fine dry bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened], title: White Bean Gratin with Garlic, picturelink: null}, 23755: {instructions: Roll out the pate brisee dough 18inch thick on a lightly floured surface, fit it into an 11 by 8inch rectangular or 10 or 11inch round tart pan with a removable fluted rim, and chill the shell while making the frangipane.nIn a small bowl cream together the butter and the sugar and beat in the egg, the almonds, the almond extract, the almond flavored liqueur, and the flour. Spread the frangipane evenly on the bottom of the shell and bake the tart in the middle of a preheated 375 degree F. oven for 35 to 45 minutes, or until the shell is pale golden. If the frangipane begins to turn too brown, cover the tart loosely with a piece of foil. Let the tart cool.nCut the strawberries lengthwise into 18inchthick slices, arrange the slices, overlapping, decoratively with the raspberries in rows on the frangipane, and brush them gently with the jam.nIn a large bowl blend the flour, the butter, the vegetable shortening, and salt until the mixture resembles meal. Add 2 tablespoons ice water, toss the mixture until the water is incorporated, adding more ice water if necessary to form a dough, and form the dough into a ball. Dust the dough with flour and chill it, wrapped in waxed paper, for 1 hour., ingredients: [Pate brisee, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 34 cup blanched almonds, finely ground, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 tablespoon almondflavored liqueur, like Amaretto, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 4 cups strawberries, hulled, 14 cup strawberry jam, melted and strained, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 stick 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Frangipane Tart with Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 23756: {instructions: Combine the smoked paprika, garlic powder, cumin, chili powder, five spice powder, dry mustard and some salt and pepper in a bowl. Using a sharp knife, score the skin of the duck so it has a 14inch diamond pattern. Rub the spice mixture all over the duck.nHeat a grill to medium make sure its not too hot since the key is to cook duck slowly to render the fat and wipe down the grates with an oiled towel. Place the duck skinside down on the grate and cook until the skin is seared and the fat is rendered, 4 to 5 minutes. If there are occasional flareups from the fat, move the duck around on the grill to a new spot away from the flame each time. Flip the duck over and place on a cooler part of the grill. Cook for an additional 5 minutes for mediumrare. Let rest for 5 to 7 minutes before cutting against the grain into thick slices., ingredients: [1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon five spice powder, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 duck breast halves, Oil, for the grill], title: Spice Rubbed Grilled Duck Breast, picturelink: null}, 23757: {instructions: Beat the heavy cream with an electric mixer until it is whipped, and set aside.nMelt the chocolate and butter over a double boiler on medium heat. Remove from heat and set aside.nCombine the egg yolks, 1 tablespoon water, and half the sugar in a second metal bowl and whisk over the double boiler set over medium heat. Do not allow any additional water to splash into this bowl. Continue to whisk and insert a candy thermometer into the mix. When it reaches 145 degrees F, remove from the heat and whip with an electric mixer until it cools. Set aside briefly.nWash and dry the beaters for the electric mixer and wipe off the candy thermometer to have them clean for the next step. In the third metal bowl, combine the egg whites with the remaining 18 cup sugar and whisk over the double boiler until the candy thermometer reaches 145 degrees F. Then, remove from the heat and beat with the electric mixer until the whites are stiff.nFold the egg whites into the egg yolks. Fold the chocolate into the eggs, then fold in the whipped cream. Spoon into martini glasses or serving cups. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight.nFor the toppings and garnish:nUse an electric mixer to beat the heavy cream until whipped. Slice each strawberry up to the stem and spread into a fan. Garnish chilled mousse with whipped cream and strawberries just before serving., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 3 tablespoons butter, 5 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon water, 14 cup sugar, divided, 5 egg whites, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 pint ripe strawberries], title: Chocolate Mousse with Whipped Cream and Strawberries, picturelink: sxuoormBIDANFg4RikffiHTnz3pgBy}, 23758: {instructions: Place the dried cherries in a coating pan attached to a stand mixer. Spin at low speed. Using a ladle, add the chocolate to the spinning cherries. Add one ladleful at a time until the cherries are coated to the desired thickness. Use a 5050 ratio 50 percent chocolate, 50 percent weight of the cherries. If a thicker coat is desired, use more chocolate and vice versa.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [2 cups dried cherries, 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered], title: Chocolate Covered Dried Cherries, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 23759: {instructions: To prepare the marinade: Combine honey, grape seed oil, soy sauce, and white wine vinegar. Cover the fish with the marinade, cover and refrigerate for 24 hours. Remove the fish and place in a pan. Caramelize the fish under the broiler and finish in a preheated 400 degree F oven until the fish reaches medium. Reserve some of the marinade to use for sauce.nTo prepare the spinach: Heat the butter in a hot saute pan. When the butter begins to brown, add the garlic. Add the spinach. Cook until tender. Season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nHeat reserve marinade to boiling point, reduce heat and simmer for two to three minutes.nTo assemble the plate: In the center of each of 6 large bowls divide the spinach. Place a portion of fish on top and pour approximately 2 tablespoons of reserved marinade, over the top of each fish., ingredients: [6 7ounce Alaskan black cod fillet pieces, 2 cups acacia or other strongly flavored honey, 34 cup grape seed oil, 1 cup light soy sauce, 34 cup white wine vinegar, 12 pound spinach, thoroughly washed, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Grated nutmeg, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and black pepper], title: Alaskan Black Cod with Acacia Honey, picturelink: null}, 23760: {instructions: Put the frozen cherries, crushed ice, mint leaves, lime juice, rum, and simple syrup in a blender. Blend until smooth.nPour the mixture into chilled glasses and top with crushed ice. Garnish with lime wedges and cherries.nIn a small saucepan, over medium heat, combine the sugar, water, and lime zest. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool for 20 minutes. Strain before using., ingredients: [1 pound bag frozen pitted cherries, 2 cups crushed ice, plus extra to serve, 12 cup packed fresh mint leaves, 13 cup fresh lime juice, from about 3 limes, 1 cup citrus flavored rum, 1 23 cups Lime Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Lime wedges and fresh cherries, for garnish, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 3 limes, zested], title: Blended Cherry Mojitos, picturelink: null}, 23761: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease a baking sheet with oil and arrange the plantains on it.nIn a small saucepan, melt the guava jelly and rum over medium heat and season with salt and pepper. Pour the mixture over the plantains and bake for 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 large plantain, skinned and sliced into 12inch pieces, 12 cup guava jelly, 1 tablespoon rum, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Plantains, picturelink: null}, 23762: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two 8inch square cake pans, line the bottoms with parchment paper. Butter the parchment and dust with flour, tapping out excess.nWhisk the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt together in a large bowl. Whisk the melted butter, buttermilk, egg, vanilla and 12 cup water together in another bowl until smooth. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients, whisking until just combined. Divide the batter between the prepared cake pans, smoothing the tops. Bake, rotating the pans halfway through cooking, until a toothpick inserted in the center of each cake comes out clean, about 25 minutes.nLet the cakes cool in the pans for 15 minutes, then turn them out onto a cooling rack set over a baking sheet. Discard the parchment paper and flip the cakes right side up again. Let the cakes cool completely.nMake the coconut filling: Pulse the coconut in a food processor until finely chopped and transfer to a large bowl. Combine the gelatin with 2 tablespoons cold water in a small microwaveable bowl and let stand for 5 minutes to soften. Heat the gelatin in the microwave until it melts completely, about 10 seconds, stirring to dissolve. Add the gelatin mixture, cream cheese, sour cream, coconut milk, sugar, vanilla and coconut extracts and salt to a food processor and process until smooth, at least 1 minute. Scrape the mixture into the bowl containing the chopped coconut and mix until evenly combined. Let the mixture sit until it is just thick enough to spread, about 10 minutes. Do not let the filling firm up too much.nPlace one cake on a cake stand and pile the coconut filling in the center, spreading it in a thick layer almost to the edge. Top with the remaining cake, aligning the layers directly on top of each other so the cake does not lean. Refrigerate the assembled cake for 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the chocolate ganache: Bring the cream to a simmer in a small saucepan then remove from the heat. Add the chocolate, shaking the pan gently to submerge it. Allow the pan to stand, off the heat, for 3 minutes to melt the chocolate. Whisk the ganache until smooth, then refrigerate until it is just thick enough to spread like mayonnaise, about 15 minutes. Do not let the ganache harden too much.nStir the ganache again and scoop it on top of the cake, spreading it over the top and sides. Make a swirl pattern on the top with a spatula to resemble a coconut candy. Refrigerate the cake until the ganache is set, at least 1 hour or overnight., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, plus more for the pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, plus more for the pan, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup packed sweetened shredded coconut, One 14ounce packet unflavored gelatin, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 14 cup unsweetened canned coconut milk, 14 cup sugar, 34 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon coconut extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 ounces dark chocolate 70 to 80 percent cacao, finely chopped, 34 cup heavy cream], title: Chocolate Coconut Fudge Candy Cake, picturelink: TZUiV.Aheo55siIDbo1zGMBbv707KK}, 23763: {instructions: In small bowl, mix first five ingredients to make sauce. Assemble skewers by placing one scallop or twothree bay scallops and one piece of scallion on each skewer. These skewers can be prepped a day ahead and kept chilled in the fridge, then grilled a few hours before party time and kept warm until serving.nBrush with ginger soy sauce and cook about two minutes per side or until just opaque. Be careful not to overcook scallops or theyll get a rubbery texture. Continue to brush with sauce throughout cooking., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 2inch finger of fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 12cup rice wine vinegar, 14cup soy sauce, 14cup light miso, 15 clean scallions cut into 2inch lengths, using only the pale green and white sections of the onion, About a pound of sea or bay scallops], title: Scallop Skewers, picturelink: null}, 23764: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, whisk together the sugar, cocoa, cornstarch, and salt. In a thin stream, pour in the milk whisking until smooth. In a thin stream, add in the halfandhalf and whisk until smooth.nPour the mixture through a fine sieve or chinois into a saucepan. Over medium heat, whisking the mixture constantly, bring to a boil. Boil gently 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the bittersweet chocolate and vanilla extract. Transfer the custard to a mixing bowl.nFill a large bowl with ice cubes, rest the mixing bowl on top, and add cold water to cover the ice cubes. Let the mixture cool, stirring frequently with a rubber spatula, about 15 minutes.nFold in the white chocolate and pour the mixture into 1cup ramekins, cups or mugs.nRefrigerate until well chilled. Serve cold with dollops of whipped cream., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup cocoa powder preferably Dutchprocessed, 12 cup cornstarch, 18 teaspoon heaping kosher salt, 4 cups whole milk, 2 cups halfandhalf, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 ounces white chocolate, chopped, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: Triple Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: JEtx1eqZ.oZ1Q0htlQGcNkMWlLUQmx2}, 23765: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Combine nuts and seeds in a mediumsized bowl. Add the maple syrup and spices and salt and toss to combine. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray, then transfer coated nuts to baking sheet and spread evenly in 1 layer. Bake 15 to 20 minutes, stirring once, until nuts are fragrant and lightly toasted., ingredients: [12 cup pecans See Cooks Note, 12 cup almonds See Cooks Note, 13 cup pistachios See Cooks Note, 13 cup cashews See Cooks Note, 13 cup pumpkin seeds See Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 18 teaspoon cayenne or more to taste, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, 14 teaspoon salt, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Spiced Nuts, picturelink: PdKXMVto0DHhSG6HF7.ltbXRL5kmm6K}, 23766: {instructions: Place cranberries, sugar and vanilla in a medium saucepan. Place pan over medium heat and stir. Simmer cranberry mixture until the berries burst, about 5 to 6 minutes.nDivide mixture in half and pour into large, clean mason jars. Pour vodka into the jars to cover the berries. Set aside and allow to sit for 1 week. After 1 week, strain out the cranberries and store cranberry vodka in a clean jar in the refrigerator.nTo serve: Pour 2 ounces of vodka mixture over ice in a tall glass and top with tonic. Garnish with a slice of lime., ingredients: [1 pound cranberries, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract or 1 vanilla bean, split, 1 bottle tonic, Lime slices, for garnish, One 750milliliter bottle vodka], title: Cranberry Vodka, picturelink: null}, 23767: {instructions: FISH: Remove the skin from the fish and pierce the flesh of the fish with a fork. Put fish in a deep dish, season with salt and pepper, add 12 cup of mushroom slivers. Marinate for a few hours in champagne.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees. Cook in a wellbuttered pan in the oven for 4050 minutes, adding onions, thyme and parsley, and the rest of the sliced mushrooms and drizzling the mixture with melted butter. After 20 minutes, add the marinade. Once cooked, keep the salmon warm on a heated platter.nSAUCE: Pour the strained cooking liquid in a saucepan, reduce to onefifth, add cream and reduce until smooth. Meanwhile, prepare a Hollandaise sauce, blending egg yolks, melted butter and the lobster butter, and carefully add to the other sauce. Cover the fish with the sauce and the garnish the serving plate with flower petals. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 large salmon or trout, 1 cup mushrooms, cut into slivers, 1 onion, cut into rings, 1 bunch parsley and thyme, 1 cup butter, 3 Tbs. fresh cream, 6 egg yolks, 14 cup lobster butter, salt and pepper, edible flower petals, 2 bottles of champagne], title: Salmon with Champagne, picturelink: null}, 23768: {instructions: Prepare the roasted garlic: Preheat the oven to 375degrees. Cut the top 12 inch off the heads of garlic. Place on a large piece of foil and drizzle with the olive oil. Wrap foil tightly and place the package in a small baking dish. Roast until soft and lightly browned, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, prepare the tortilla cake: Combine the canola oil and onions in a large saute pan over medium heat. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring to caramelize but not overbrown. Add the butter and sugar. Once the onions have caramelized, remove from the heat and cool.nOnce cooled, thoroughly mix the onions with the parmesan, mayonnaise and cilantro. Squeeze the roasted garlic out of their skins and stir into the onion mixture. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nSet aside of the onion mixture for the dipping sauce. Spread 2 tablespoons of the mixture on top of a tortilla and cover with another tortilla. Repeat spreading and stacking the tortillas, finishing with a tortilla with no mixture on top. Wrap the tortilla stack in plastic wrap and let set up for 12 to 24 hours in the refrigerator.nAfter the stack has set up, cut into 16 wedges. Preheat a grill or grill pan warm wedges over medium heat until both sides are marked. Combine the remaining onion mixture with the balsamic vinegar to make the dipping sauce., ingredients: [4 whole heads garlic, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup canola oil, 4 cups finely chopped red onions about 5 medium, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 5 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, 12 large flour tortillas, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: GarlicOnion Tortilla Cake, picturelink: null}, 23769: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nPlace macadamia nuts in a medium skillet and toast over low heat, stirring often until golden brown all over, about 8 minutes. Do not burn. Set aside to cool completely.nIn a double boiler, combine the chocolate and butter and melt, stirring over moderate heat. Set aside to cool slightly.nIn a large bowl, whisk the whole eggs, egg white, sugar and corn syrup until combined. Stir in the rum, the cooled chocolate mixture and the nuts until blended. Pour the filling into the partially baked chocolate pastry shell and bake for about 45 minutes, until the center is set and does not wiggle. Set aside to cool on a rack. Serve at room temperature or chilled, garnish with whipped cream.nOn a work surface, mix the flour and cocoa until well blended form into a mound. Make a well in the center and add the remaining ingredients. Using your hands, slowly blend the ingredients in the well until partially mixed, then incorporate the flour and cocoa until completely combined and a soft dough forms. Pat the dough into a disk, wrap well and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight. see Note.nBetween 2 sheets of waxed paper, roll out dough into a 13inch round. Refrigerate for 10 minutes. Remove the waxed paper and transfer the dough to an 11inch tart pan with removable bottom. Fit the dough evenly into the pan and trim any overhanging pastry. Refrigerate for at least 10 minutes more. Preheat oven to 425 degrees.nLine the chilled shell with aluminum foil and weigh down with pie weights or dried beans. Bake for 10 minutes. Then remove the weights and foil and bake for 5 minutes longer until set but slightly soft.nNote: This is a cookielike crust. The dough softens quickly once out of the refrigerator and is a bit difficult to transfer to the tart pan, but scraps can be used to repair any cracks., ingredients: [1 12 cups unsalted macadamia nuts, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 2 whole eggs, 1 egg white, 23 cup sugar, 23 cup dark corn syrup, 1 teaspoon rum, Chocolate pastry shell, recipe follows, Unsweetened whipped cream, for garnish, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened to room temperature, 13 cup sugar, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Chocolate Macadamia Nut Tart, picturelink: null}, 23770: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour first 3 ingredients into a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake well. Strain into high ball glass or any 8ounce glass filled with ice. Top with ginger beer. Pour a little dark rum over the back of a spoon and float on top of the ginger beer. Garnish with a gingerbread man cookie., ingredients: [1 shot vanilla vodka, 1 shot hazelnutflavored liqueur recommended: Frangelico, 12 shot butterscotch schnapps, Ice cubes, 4 ounces ginger beer recommended: Reeds Ginger Brew, Float dark rum, Gingerbread man cookie recommended: Pepperidge Farm, for garnish], title: Gingerbread Martini, picturelink: ARVN41kBh8Z5X0PGWyIz3jNz2bmay}, 23771: {instructions: Place orange juice, cranberry juice, molasses, and sugar in a small nonreactive sauce pan over high heat and cook until reduced to 1 12 cups. Add the reduced chicken stock and cook another 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Let cool.nSpicy Orange Vinaigrette: Place orange juice in a small nonreactive pan over high heat and cook until reduced to 14cup. Place reduced orange juice, vinegar, onion, jalapeno and ancho powder in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Add the honey and salt and pepper to taste.nSpicy Pecans: Preheat grill or grill pan. Brush each quail on both sides with the glaze and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side until cooked through.nAssembly: 3 cups mustard greens Spicy Orange Vinaigrette Grilled Quail Spicy Pecans Pomegranate SeedsnPlace the greens in a bowl and drizzle with some of the Spicy Orange Vinaigrette. Divide the greens among 4 plates.nPlace 2 grilled quail on each plate. Garnish with Spicy Pecans and pomegranate seeds., ingredients: [2 cups orange juice, 2 cups cranberry juice, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses found in Middle Eastern or Hispanic Markets, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 6 cups chicken stock reduced to 2 cups, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups orange juice, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped red onion, 1 jalapeno pepper, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 34 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and pepper to taste, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup whole pecans], title: Pomegranate Glazed Quail Salad with Orange Vinaigrette and Spicy Pecans, picturelink: null}, 23772: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, separate 5 of the egg whites, discarding the yolks. Add the remaining 5 whole eggs to the bowl with the whites and whisk to combine. Set aside.nHeat the oil in large ovenproof, nonstick skillet over a mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the spinach, sundried tomatoes, garlic, salt and pepper and cook until the spinach is wilted, about 1 minute. Add the pasta to the pan and stir to combine. Pour the eggs evenly over the pasta and vegetables. Lower the heat to mediumlow and cook for 6 to 8 minutes, until eggs are set on the edges but not in the middle.nPreheat the broiler. Sprinkle the top of the frittata with cheese and place under the broiler. Cooke until the top is set and golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Be careful not to overcook or the eggs will become tough. Cut into 6 wedges and serve., ingredients: [10 eggs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small onion, sliced thinly into half moons, 1 bunch fresh spinach about 12 pound washed, dried and coarsely chopped 5 cups, 14 cup sundried tomatoes, reconstituted in boiling water for 10 minutes, chopped, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups cooked wholewheat spaghetti tossed with 12 cup marinara sauce, 13 cup grated Parmesan], title: Spaghetti Frittata, picturelink: 59oLp2F2QvLZJyuZa9NysF.sQUpD9f.}, 23773: {instructions: Special equipment: twenty four 6inch skewersnFor the stuffing: In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the grapeseed oil and allow to warm. Then add the onions and cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Next add the lamb, reduce the heat to medium and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Cook until the meat is browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Once cooked, add the tomato paste and garlic and finish cooking for 2 minutes, allowing all the flavors to blend. Remove from the pan and allow to cool for stuffing.nFor the peppers: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Preheat a deepfryer to 400 degrees F. To stuff the peppers, split each pepper lengthwise, stem to tip, and remove all seeds. After removing the seeds, add the cooked lamb to the pepper cavity, about 1 tablespoon per pepper. Repeat the process, stuffing each pepper. To finish, lay the bacon flat on the counter or cutting board and spread the bacon with the flat side of a knife, pulling the flat side of the knife along the slice of bacon to thin it and double the length of the slice. Once the bacon has been thinned, slice the bacon in half lengthwise and wrap the peppers with bacon. Secure the ends with skewers.nAfter wrapping peppers, bake until the bacon has tightened slightly, 10 to 12 minutes. After cooking, remove from the oven and deep fry for 2 to 3 minutes, crisping the bacon on the exterior. Remove from the fryer and allow excess oil to drain. Serve with Spiced Aioli.nPuree the mayonnaise, roasted garlic, chives, parsley, hot sauce, vinegar, salt and pepper in a food processor., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 14 cup diced onions, 1 pound ground lamb or pork, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 jalapenos, 12 slices bacon, Spiced Aioli, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons roasted garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 1 teaspoon white balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: Lamb Poppers, picturelink: null}, 23774: {instructions: For the cheddar cheese pie crust: In a food processor, pulse the flour and salt until well combined. Add the butter and cheese and pulse until small peasize balls form. Gradually add the ice water, up to 3 tablespoons. Remove the dough from the food processor bowl, fold the dough, wrap with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least an hour.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Dust the work space with flour. Roll out the pie dough and cut desired shapes with a cookie cutter. Place the shapes on a baking sheet, brush with water, dust with cinnamonsugar and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes.nFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line muffin pans with 24 muffin liners. In a medium bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt until well combined. In the bowl of an electric mixer with the whisk attachment, add the carrots, beets, oil and granulated sugar and whisk on medium for 1 minute until combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, scraping the bowl as needed. Add the sour cream, lemon juice and lemon zest and mix for about a minute until well combined. With the mixer on low, gradually add the flour mixture just until combined. Then remove from the mixer and scrape by hand. Fill the prepared muffin pans threequarters full with batter and bake until a toothpick inserted comes out clean, about 24 minutes.nFor the frosting: Whip the cream cheese and butter in an electric mixer with the paddle attachment until fully incorporated. With the mixer on low, gradually add the powdered sugar until combined. Add the vanilla and mix until combined. Finally, add the cinnamon and mix until fully incorporated.nFor the apple filling: In medium saucepan over medium heat, combine the apples, sugar and 18 cup water. Bring to a boil and stir until the water has evaporated and the apples are soft. Add the cinnamon and refrigerate until cool.nTo assemble: Use a knife to make a hole out of the center of the cupcakes. Fill with apple pie filling, and then frost with cinnamon cream cheese frosting. Top with a Cheddar cheese shape., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces cold butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 2 to 3 tablespoons ice water, Cinnamonsugar, for dusting, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 carrots about 8 ounces, peeled and grated, 3 large beets about 1 pound, peeled and grated, 12 ounces oil, 2 cups granulated sugar, 3 eggs, 3 ounces sour cream, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, Zest of 2 lemons, 12 ounces cream cheese, 8 ounces butter, 1 12 pounds powdered sugar, sifted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 apples, cored, peeled and chopped, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Borscht Cupcakes, Apple Pie Filling, Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting and Cheddar Cheese Pie Crust Moon, picturelink: lGrMsskcLJrnP8b2Tss.p73CtSJTN6}, 23775: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, vanilla bean and seeds, citrus zests, and water. Bring to a boil and then reduce the heat to low. Simmer very gently to make a loose syrup, about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the citrus juices. Combine the berries in a bowl. Strain the warm syrup over the berries and marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, and seeds scraped out with a knife and reserved, Grated zest of 12 lemon, Grated zest of 12 orange, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 pint raspberries, 12 pint blueberries, rinsed, 12 pint strawberries, rinsed, tops trimmed, halved or quartered, if large], title: Marinated Berries, picturelink: null}, 23776: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a griddle over low heat.nSpread a thin layer of mayonnaise on one side of each slice of breadu00bfthis will give the bread an even golden color when griddled. Flip 4 slices over and layer each with 1 slice Monterey Jack, 1 slice tomato, 1 slice red onion, 1 slice avocado and 1 more slice Monterey Jack. Top with another slice of bread, mayonnaise side up.nPlace the sandwiches on the preheated griddle and toast until the bread is golden brown and the cheese is melted, about 2 minutes per side., ingredients: [Mayonnaise, for spreading, 8 slices country white bread, 8 slices Monterey Jack cheese, 1 medium vineripened tomato, sliced, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 avocado, sliced], title: Dressed Up Grilled Cheese Sandwiches, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 23777: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend the mint, basil, pine nuts, and garlic in a food processor until finely chopped. With the machine running, gradually add 14 cup of olive oil, processing until well blended. Transfer the pesto to a medium bowl. Stir in the Parmesan. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nToss the shrimp with the extravirgin olive oil in a large bowl to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, and toss again.nHeat a heavy large skillet over high heat. Working in 2 batches, add the shrimp and saute until just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Toss the shrimp with enough pesto to coat.nTransfer the shrimp to a platter and serve., ingredients: [34 cups lightly packed fresh mint leaves, 12 cup lightly packed fresh basil leaves, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, 1 garlic clove, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds uncooked jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Jumbo Shrimp with Basil and Mint Pesto, picturelink: zTt2dVFBRGkbxRBCNzD72bmQbMdYfWS}, 23778: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to the high broil setting. Set a rack in the oven 3 to 4inches from the broiler.nIn a medium bowl toss the sliced squash with the oil, rosemary, salt, nutmeg and pepper. Lay the squash in a single layer on a cooling rack set inside a foil lined half sheet pan. Broil until the squash is golden brown on 1 side, about 8 to 10 minutes.nWhisk the eggs, ricotta, and Parmesan together in a medium mixing bowl. Put the squash in a 10inch nonstick, ovensafe saute pan set over medium heat. Pour the egg mixture into the pan and stir with a silicone spatula to make sure egg gets under the squash. Cook without stirring until the egg mixture has set on the bottom and begins to set on top, about 4 to 5 minutes. Put the pan under the broiler until lightly browned and puffy, about 3 to 4 minutes. Loosen the frittata from the pan by moving a rubber spatula around the edges. Slide the frittata onto a plate or other serving dish, and cut into 6 servings. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound small yellow crookneck, trimmed and cut into 18inch thick slices, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 large eggs, beaten, 12 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, 12ounce grated Parmesan], title: Crookneck Squash Frittata, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 23779: {instructions: For the crepe base: Dissolve the cocoa powder in the boiling water in a bowl. Add the eggs, flour and milk and whisk until smooth. Whisk in the butter, cinnamon and salt, and then let the batter rest.nFor the whipped cream: Whip the heavy cream with the sugar and vanilla until nice peaks form. Chill until ready to use.nFor the raspberry coulis: Combine the raspberries, sugar and wine in a saucepan and bring to a simmer. Add the cornstarch and water slurry and simmer until thickened. Strain through a finemesh sieve.nFor the ganache: Scald the cream and butter in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Remove from the heat and add the booze followed by the chocolate. Stir until a smooth texture is reached.nFor cooking the crepes: Heat an oiled crepe pan or crepe maker until hot. Spread a thin layer of batter. Cook until golden on one side, then flip and cook until golden on the other side. Set aside. Repeat with remaining batter.nAdd a line of dulce de leche to each crepe and top with bananas and strawberries. Roll up the crepes and cut in half. Arrange on plate with dollops of whipped cream and the ganache. Pour a pool of raspberry coulis onto the plate. Garnish with chopped chocolate pieces, powdered sugar and cocoa powder., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons boiling water, 1 cup beaten whole eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, 1 cup heavy cream, Pinch sugar, A few drops vanilla extract, 4 ounces raspberries, 1 ounce sugar, 1 ounce red wine, 1 teaspoon cornstarch mixed with 1 teaspoon cold water, 12 cup cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Splash booze, such as brandy, amaretto, Curacao, etc., 8 ounces chocolate white or dark, Oil, for greasing, Dulce de leche, for filling, Sliced fresh strawberries and bananas, for filling, Chopped chocolate pieces, for garnish, Powdered sugar, for garnish, Cocoa powder, for garnish], title: Shokolade Palatschinke, picturelink: null}, 23780: {instructions: Grill 2 eggplants over mediumhigh heat, turning, until soft, 30 minutes. Cool, then scoop out and puree the flesh in a food processor with 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, and salt. Top with olive oil and parsley and serve with flatbread and vegetables.nPer serving does not include flatbread and vegetables for serving: Calories 247 Total Fat 21 grams Saturated Fat 3 grams Protein 3 grams Total Carbohydrate 16 grams Sugar: 7 grams Fiber 9 grams Cholesterol 0 milligrams Sodium 152 milligramsnPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Eggplant Dip, picturelink: RMyeKfxtSt4fTphqDKoc.6K6f5XJ1B6}, 23781: {instructions: In a medium bowl whisk together the blue cheese, lemon juice and olive oil.nServe this over a spinach salad with rings of fresh red onion.nWhisk in the sour cream and youve got a dip for buffalo chicken wings or celery sticks.nStir in the horseradish and the mixture makes a great spread for sandwiches., ingredients: [12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup sour cream, 1 heaping tablespoon horseradish], title: Blue Cheese Salad Dressing Three Ways, picturelink: null}, 23782: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a mixing glass add the peppercorns and serrano slice and muddle. Add ice cubes, gin, peach puree, simple syrup and lemon, and shake. Pour into in a 12ounce Collins glass, and top with club soda., ingredients: [2 black peppercorns, 1 slice serrano chile, Ice cubes, 1 12 ounces dry gin, 1ounce peach puree, 34ounce simple syrup, 34 fresh lemon, juiced, Club soda], title: Pepper Peach Collins, picturelink: ibgefmJkt4n03oYhPYtzvNXaB0wHiy}, 23783: {instructions: Special equipment: a 4inch square cookie cutternIn a blender, combine the pine nuts, basil, parsley, 6 tablespoons of the olive oil and 14 cup of the Parmesan. Blend on high until smooth. TIP: Add 2 ice cubes to the blender to reduce the heat from the motor, which will ruin the color. Season with salt and pepper. Store in an airtight container until needed.nSlice the eggplants into 14inch rounds. With a 4inch square cookie cutter, cut out 12 portions. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. Cut thin slices of mozzarella trimmed to fit the top of the eggplant slices. Set aside until needed.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo set up a breading station, put the flour in a shallow bowl and the eggs in a second shallow bowl. In a third shallow bowl, combine the breadcrumbs and the remaining 14 cup Parmesan. Dredge the eggplant pieces first in the flour, shaking off the excess, then in the egg, shaking off the excess again and finally in the breadcrumb mixture. Shake off the excess breadcrumbs.nPour canola oil into a widebottomed pot to a depth of 1 12 inches and heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F or use a deep fryer.nPut the cherry tomatoes on a baking sheet and coat with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season with salt. Roast in the oven until blistered, about 5 minutes.nFry the breaded eggplant cutouts in the hot oil until golden brown, about 3 minutes on each side. Drain on a paper towellined baking sheet.nOn a new baking sheet lined with parchment paper, arrange the eggplant pieces. Top with the mozzarella pieces. Put in the oven or under the broiler until the mozzarella is melted.nTo plate: Put a dollop of the pesto on the bottom of each plate. Place an eggplantmozzarella piece on top and garnish with a blistered tomato. Drizzle with olive oil and serve., ingredients: [14 cup toasted pine nuts, 2 bunches fresh basil, picked, 12 bunch fresh parsley, picked, 12 cup goodquality extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 Italian eggplants, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, 1 cup breadcrumbs, Canola oil, for frying, 12 cherry tomatoes], title: Mini Eggplant Parm, Roasted Cherry Tomato, Basil Pesto, picturelink: Dm0hlzWAFg2cUQhKXBo05L7puJawEm6}, 23784: {instructions: Mix hazelnut spread with melted chocolate or cocoa powder. Taste and adjust flavors and texture. Fold whipped cream into hazelnut mixture. Either layer mousse with alternating layer of crushed amaretto cookies or spoon mousse in a glass and just garnish with crushed amaretto cookies., ingredients: [13 to 12 cup Hazelnut spread like Nutella, Cocoa powder, or melted chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped, Amaretto cookies lightly crushed], title: Hazelnut Amaretto Mousse, picturelink: null}, 23785: {instructions: Combine the tofu, turmeric, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon salt and cayenne if using in a medium bowl. Toss well to combine and set aside.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallion whites and cook, stirring, until soft, about 1 minute. Add the tofu mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, until the tofu is lightly browned and resembles scrambled eggs, about 5 minutes.nAdd the spinach, lemon juice and 12 teaspoon salt and stir until the spinach is wilted, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and scallion greens and stir until the tomatoes are just heated through and begin to soften, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat, add the basil and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [One 14ounce package firm tofu, drained and cut into 12inch cubes, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, optional, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, green and white parts separated, 5 ounces fresh spinach, chopped about 5 packed cups, 1 to 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 12 cup fresh basil, roughly chopped], title: Vegan Tofu and Spinach Scramble, picturelink: H0FvjAoCZzzJtDQqbN5JfbIBFCVQ76y}, 23786: {instructions: Add 1 tablespoon salt to a large pot of water and bring to a boil.nMeanwhile, in a large 12inch saute pan, heat the cream over medium heat until it comes to a simmer. Add the truffle butter, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper, lower the heat to very low, and swirl the butter until it melts. Keep warm over very low heat.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook for 3 minutes, exactly. If youre not using Cipriani pasta, follow the directions on the package. When the pasta is cooked, reserve 12 cup of the cooking water, then drain the pasta. Add the drained pasta to the saute pan and toss it with the trufflecream mixture. As the pasta absorbs the sauce, add as much of the reserved cooking water, as necessary, to keep the pasta very creamy.nServe the pasta in shallow bowls and garnish each serving with a generous sprinkling of chives and shaved Parmesan. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve at once., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 ounces white truffle butter, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 8.82ounce package Cipriani tagliarelle dried pasta or other egg fettuccine, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 3 ounces Parmesan, shaved thin with a vegetable peeler], title: Tagliarelle with Truffle Butter, picturelink: fjbiPAE0Kn.OKY5QSVVWQ0OlMUDlcdG}, 23787: {instructions: Rinse pieces of catfish fillet quickly in cold water. Pat dry. Season fish with salt and pepper. Combine buttermilk, milk and eggs. Beat ingredients well. Add salt and pepper to cornmeal. Heat oil in skillet about 350 degrees. Dip fish in milk mixture and then in corn meal. Pan fry fish in hot oil until golden brown. Remove and drain oil from fish on a paper towel. Garnish with lemon wedges before serving., ingredients: [4 pieces catfish fillet, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup milk, 2 large eggs, 1 pound cornmeal, Salt and pepper to taste for the cornmeal, 2 cups canola oil, 4 lemon wedges], title: Fried Catfish, picturelink: null}, 23788: {instructions: In a large saucepan over medium heat, melt the sugar until it becomes liquid. Add the butter and the sliced banana. Cook for about 6 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and then add the banana liqueur.nContinue to cook for about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat once again, then add the brandy. Once you put the pan back in the heat, it should flambe. Remove the pan from the heat and start spooning the flambeed banana into the ice cream glass. Add the chocolate syrup and the whipped cream. On top of the whipped cream, right in the center, place the cleaned strawberry, then place the sugar cube in the center of the strawberry. Pour a little bit of the brandy on top of the sugar and carefully ignite it with a match., ingredients: [4 teaspoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons butter, 2 whole peeled and sliced bananas, 2 tablespoons banana liqueur, 2 tablespoons brandy, 2 glasses filled half way with vanilla ice cream, 2 tablespoons chocolate syrup, 4 tablespoons whipped cream, 2 whole strawberries remove the stem and make a small hole for the cubed sugar, 2 sugar cubes], title: Banana Flambe, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 23789: {instructions: In a hot pan, pour a good amount of olive oil in. When the oil starts to warm up, add garlic and turn the flame down.nAdd the anchovies, if using dont worry about mincing them as they will dissolve in the mixture. The anchovies should cook in the garlic oil until the garlic becomes brown and the anchovies dissolve.nWhen the garlic gets light brown, about 5 minutes, add chili flakes until they toast up and then turn flame off. Add more olive oil and salt and pepper for flavor.nRight before you heat the sauce in your fondue pot, add some minced parsley to cook in the sauce., ingredients: [Olive oil, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 6 anchovies, optional, Large pinch chili flakes, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon minced parsley leaves], title: Bagna Cauda, picturelink: null}, 23790: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Combine flour, sugar and salt in processor blend 10 seconds. Add shortening, blending until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add egg, vanilla and almond extracts. Process until moist clumps form, turning mixer onoff to scrape sides.nGATHER dough into ball and, using floured fingertips, press dough onto bottom and up sides of 9inch tart pan with removeable bottom.nPRESS 12 cup almonds over bottom of crust. Spread 12 cup jam over almonds spread 12 cup butterscotch topping over jam.nBAKE tart until crust is golden at edges and jam is thick and bubbly, about 40 minutes. Cool completely on rack. Push up pan bottom to release tart.nTOSS berries with remaining 2 tablespoons jam in bowl to coat. Top tart with berries sprinkle remaining 2 tablespoons almonds around edge of tart. Drizzle additional 2 tablespoons butterscotch over top., ingredients: [1 large egg, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 12 tsp. almond extract, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted, plus 2 tablespoons, divided, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Seedless Red Raspberry Jam, plus 2 tablespoons, divided, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Butterscotch Spoonable Ice Cream Topping, plus 2 tablespoons, divided, 5 cups fresh berries, quartered if large, such as strawberries, blueberries, raspberries and blackberries, 1 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 13 cup sugar, 14 tsp. salt, 6 tbsps. Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, chilled], title: Butterscotch Berry Tart, picturelink: 7LhqfygJxoOWaIyETo5VWTZMTGWPlz2}, 23791: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the baguette in half lengthwise, place on a sheet tray and bake in the oven until lightly brown. Rub with the garlic cloves. Drizzle with 2 ounces of the olive oil and sprinkle with the ParmigianoReggiano. Return to oven to melt cheese.nIn a medium mixing bowl, add the tomatoes, minced garlic, basil, vinegar, remaining olive oil, salt and pepper. Mix thoroughly and let sit for 5 minutes at room temperature.nRemove baguette from oven and top with the tomato mixture. Garnish with basil and ParmigianoReggiano., ingredients: [1 12 to 16inch sourdough baguette, 2 garlic cloves, halved plus 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for garnish, 2 cups diced Roma tomatoes, 13 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Pomodoro Fresco Sourdough Bruschetta, picturelink: 9QvoFpYniFOX2fWIRYp8vmrfZDywVDe}, 23792: {instructions: Grate the squash into a colander using the large holes of a box grater or use a food processor fitted with the shredding attachment. Toss with 1 tablespoon salt, then let drain in the sink, 30 to 40 minutes. Squeeze the squash to remove as much liquid as possible.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Set aside 3 tablespoons scallion greens. Add the remaining scallions white and green parts, the jalapeno, and salt to taste and cook until the scallions are soft, about 3 minutes. Add the shredded squash and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 7 minutes. Stir in the parsley, nutmeg, and pepper to taste. Cook until the mixture is slightly dry, about 1 more minute. Remove from the heat and let cool, 5 minutes.nSpread the squash evenly in the skillet. Make six 2 12inchwide indentations in the mixture with the back of a spoon put 12 teaspoon butter in each one. One at a time, crack each egg into a small bowl and pour into an indentation. Season with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with the cheese.nTransfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the egg whites are set and the yolks are cooked to desired doneness, 10 to 12 minutes. Scatter the reserved scallion greens on top.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 pounds 6 medium summer squash andor zucchini, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, white and green parts separated, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 6 large eggs, 12 cup grated pepper jack or sharp white cheddar cheese], title: Skillet Eggs With Squash, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 23793: {instructions: Heat 4 cups of the milk in a large saucepan over medium heat until steaming.nWhisk the sugar, cornstarch and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks and the remaining 12 cup milk.nWhisk half of the hot milk into the egg mixture until smooth, and then gradually whisk the eggmilk mixture back into the saucepan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils. Continue to cook, whisking constantly, until it has thickened to a puddinglike consistency, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla extract.nCool slightly, stirring a few times to prevent a skin from forming. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the pudding and refrigerate until completely cooled and thickened, about 4 hours.nBefore serving, whisk the pudding vigorously until smooth and creamy. Put the cookies into a resealable plastic bag and lightly crush with the smooth side of a meat mallet or the bottom of a measuring cup. Reserve 12 cup of the crushed cookies and stir the rest into the pudding. Spoon the pudding into six to eight individual cups and top with the reserved crushed cookies., ingredients: [4 12 cups whole milk, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup cornstarch, Kosher salt, 5 large egg yolks, beaten, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 ounces chocolate wafer cookies, such as FamousChocolate Wafers about 20], title: Cookies and Cream Pudding, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 23794: {instructions: Melt 14 cup butter in a large saucepan. Add the carrots, celery and onions and cook until soft, about 10 minutes. Add sections from 2 lobsters to pan and saute until shells turn red. Remove pieces from pan when cool enough and remove meat from tails and claws and reserve it.nChop shells into smaller pieces and add to pan. Add 14 cup cognac and ignite. Then add the white wine, water, garlic, tarragon and bay leaf. Crush the drained tomatoes with hands and add to pot. Season with salt and pepper.nSimmer over low heat for 45 minutes, but do not allow liquid to boil. Remove as many pieces of shell as possible. Put soup through food mill and return milled broth to pan. Add the reserved lobster meat and 13 cup long grain white rice. Simmer over low heat another 45 minutes, or until reduced to 2 cups.nPulse shells in a food processor until finely chopped. Melt 12 cup butter in a saute pan, add chopped shells and saute 5 minutes. Strain, reserving butter and discarding shells. Transfer reduced lobsterrice mixture to blender and puree. Strain the puree through a sieve over a mixing bowl and return broth to pot. Add the lobster butter and stir well. Add 1 tablespoon of cognac and heat for 5 to 7 minutes. Add the light cream and milk. Heat through, but do not boil., ingredients: [34 cup butter, 12 cup diced carrots, 12 cup diced celery, 13 cup finely chopped onions, Two lobsters, 1 and 14 pound each and separated into tail, claws, and chest pieces, 14 cup cognac plus 1 tablespoon, 2 cups white wine, 2 cups water, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 2 tablespoon roughly chopped tarragon, 1 bay leaf, Drained tomatoes from a 28ounce can, Salt and pepper, 13 cup long grain white rice, 1 cup light cream, 1 cup milk], title: Lobster Bisque, picturelink: null}, 23795: {instructions: Peel and roughly chop 3 pounds rutabagas. Place in a pot and cover with equal parts milk and water about 2 12 cups each add a pinch of salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until soft, 20 to 25 minutes drain. Puree with 12 cup heavy cream and 2 tablespoons butter. Cook a few sliced garlic cloves and some fresh rosemary in olive oil drizzle over the mash.nTIP: Use a food processor or immersion blender to puree these veggiestheyre too fibrous for a potato masher.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [], title: Rutabaga Mash, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 23796: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl beat the shortening and butter with an electric mixer on medium to high speed for 30 seconds. Add 1 14 cups of the flour and the brown sugar and beat until thoroughly combined. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and mix until incorporated. Add the vanilla and baking soda. Beat in the remaining 1 14 cups flour and mix until well combined. Stir in chocolate chips.nUsing a large icecream scoop, place full scoops of the batter on a cookie sheet with no sides. Bake for 5 minutes or until they start to melt. Remove from oven and place on a cookie sheet with sides or a medium size jelly roll pan. Finish baking about 6 to 10 minutes or until cookie base is dark brown. Remove from oven and let cool. They can be sliced into squares or broken into pieces., ingredients: [12 cup shortening, 12 cup butter, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 ounce package semisweet chocolate chips], title: Monster Cookie Pizza, picturelink: null}, 23797: {instructions: Blanch the cauliflower, carrots and celery in salted boiling water for 3 to 4 minutes. Drain, then transfer to a heatproof shallow bowl do not shock in cold water as you normally would when blanching. Toss with the olives and cherry peppers. The warm vegetables will soak up some of the brine.nCombine the vinegar, 1 cup water, the sugar, 2 rounded tablespoons salt and the bay leaves in a pot. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar and salt, then pour over the vegetables. Let cool, tossing occasionally. Serve at room temperature. Refrigerate any leftovers., ingredients: [Fine sea salt or kosher salt, 1 head purple cauliflower, cut into florets, 2 carrots, peeled and sliced into 14inch discs, 2 ribs celery with leafy tops, sliced, 1 cup green Sicilian olives, pitted, 2 Italian cherry peppers, sliced, 1 cup white balsamic vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 2 bay leaves], title: Instant Pickled Vegetables, picturelink: xxoq1ZIQpjHlUU.29HKepEWdDjQ9OZq}, 23798: {instructions: 1. Finely grate the zest from one of the oranges and set aside. Trim the ends from both oranges then cut away the peel and white pith. Working over a bowl, cut along both sides of each membrane with a paring knife to remove the segments. Discard any seeds. Cut each orange into segments. Squeeze the juice from the membranes into the bowl.n2. Put the cranberries and 14 cup orange juice in a small microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on high power until cranberries plump and liquid is absorbed, about 45 seconds. Set aside.n2. Whisk the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, and 14 teaspoon fine salt in a medium bowl. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Transfer the melted butter to another bowl and whisk in the buttermilk, eggs, sugar, and orange zest until smooth. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry until just combined.n3. Heat some butter in the skillet and drop 14 cup batter for each pancake onto the hot skillet. Cook until bubbles form on the top of each pancake and bottoms brown, 4 minutes. Flip and cook, until the other side is golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer pancakes to a plate and keep warm.n4. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and pour the remaining orange juice and marmalade into the skillet, bring to a simmer. Add the orange segments and cranberries, then swirl in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter until glazed, 1 minute. Remove from the heat and stir in mint. Top pancakes with the glazed oranges. Serve., ingredients: [2 oranges, 12 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, Fine salt, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra for cooking pancakes, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade, 14 cup loosely packed mint leaves, torn], title: Cornmeal Pancakes with Glazed Oranges and Cranberries, picturelink: null}, 23799: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a broiler or grill. Place the peppers on the grill and cook them until they are BLACK on the outside. Yeah thats right BURN THEM When the peppers are black on all sides remove them from the heat and place them in an enclosed environment, either a paper bag or a bowl covered with plastic wrap. Let them sit until they are cool. This can be done a day ahead.nUsing your fingers scrape all the black off the outside of the peppers. Remove the stem and the seeds as well. This is a messy job, accept it and move on. If needed, you can use a damp paper towel. Rinsing the peppers washes away all of the sweet pepper juices.nOnce the peppers are clean, cut the peppers into strips that are about 1 inch wide. Place about a teaspoon of goat cheese at one end of each pepper strip. Sprinkle cheese with a pinch of the crushed red pepper, pimenton and salt. Roll up each pepper strip around the cheese and garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [2 each red and yellow peppers, 1 8ounce log goat cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 1 tablespoon pimenton smoked Spanish paprika, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Roasted Red and Yellow Pepper Goat Cheese Involtini, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 23800: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line muffin pans with 16 to 17 cupcake liners.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg and salt. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, beat the butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Add the egg and then the vanilla extract. Beat until they are well combined. Add half of the dry ingredients, alternating with the applesauce. Mix just until combined. Fold the diced apples into the batter.nFill the cupcake liners about half full with batter. Sprinkle about 1 tablespoon of the Crumble Topping into each batterfilled liner. Bake until a wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Transfer the pans to wire racks to cool completely before assembling the cupcakes.nTo assemble: Place the Vanilla Butter Frosting in a pastry bag fitted with a closedstar tip. Pipe frosting around the outside rim of the cupcakes, creating a well in the center. Place about 12 teaspoon of the JalapenoApple Filling in the well. Finish the cupcakes by rolling the edges in the crushed cheddar potato chips.nIn a small bowl, combine the flour, brown sugar, nuts and cinnamon. Then add the softened butter. Mix together with a fork or your fingers until everything is well combined.nPut the powdered sugar and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix on low for 10 seconds. Add the vanilla extract, butter and 4 tablespoons sour cream. Mix on low for 30 seconds. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat on mediumhigh speed until creamy. Add the remaining tablespoon sour cream if necessary to bring the frosting to spreading consistency.nPlace the apples in a medium saucepan on the stove. Add the brown sugar, butter, cinnamon and 3 tablespoons water bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil for about 1 minute, and then reduce the heat to a simmer until the filling thickens. If needed, gradually add the cornstarch and whisk after each addition. After the mixture thickens, remove the pan from the heat and add the jalapeno. Let cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons brown sugar, packed, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup applesauce, 1 cup peeled and diced apples, Crumble Topping, recipe follows, Vanilla Butter Frosting, recipe follows, JalapenoApple Filling, recipe follows, Cheddar flavored potato chips, crushed, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup chopped nuts walnuts or pecans, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 3 cups powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 to 5 tablespoons sour cream, 3 to 4 apples, peeled and finely chopped, 12 cup brown sugar, packed, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 to 2 tablespoons cornstarch, if needed, 1 to 2 teaspoons seeded and finely diced jalapeno], title: Apple Cheddar Cupcakes with JalapenoApple Filling topped with Vanilla Butter Frosting, picturelink: ZzbeIF9KOvVVPy7eddn0SzInSgUmYdC}, 23801: {instructions: Make the chicken and marinade: Cut the chicken lengthwise into 14inchthick slices, and season them with salt and pepper.nIn a blender, blend together the coconut, the gingerroot, the curry powder, the lime juice, and the hot water until the mixture is smooth, strain the mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on the solids, and let the marinade cool. The marinade may be made 2 days in advance and kept covered and chilled.nIn a large shallow dish, pour the marinade over the chicken, coating the chicken well, and let the chicken marinate, covered and chilled, for at least 1 hour and up to 3 hours. Do not let the chicken marinate longer or the meat will break down.nSoak the bamboo skewers in water to cover for 15 minutes. Thread the chicken onto the skewers.nMake the sauce: In a saucepan heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook scallions, garlic and ginger, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in remaining ingredients and bring to a simmer, stirring. Simmer sauce, stirring, until smooth and cool to room temperature. Sauce may be made up to 3 days ahead and chilled, covered. If sauce is too thick after chilling, stir in 1 to 2 tablespoons hot water until sauce reaches desired consistency.nGrill the chicken with the marinade clinging to it on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals for 1 12 minutes on each side, or until it is cooked through, and serve the sates with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [2 whole skinless boneless chicken breasts about 1 14 pounds, 34 cup sweetened flaked coconut, 2 teaspoons chopped peeled fresh gingerroot, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 cup hot water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 scallions, chopped fine, 1 garlic clove, chopped fine, 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled fresh gingerroot, 1 cup water, 12 cup creamy or chunky peanut butter, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup distilled white vinegar, 3 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar, 14 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, Equipment: About 32 7inch bamboo skewers], title: Chicken Sates with Spicy Peanut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23802: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the blackberry syrup: In a saucepan, combine the blackberries, sugar and 12 cup water. Bring to a gentle boil and cook for 5 minutes on low. Stir in the cornstarch, then continue cooking, using a whisk or spoon to mash the larger pieces of blackberries. Remove from the heat when its nice and thick.nFor the croissant French toast: Split the croissants in half through the middle.nIn a bowl, whisk together the halfandhalf, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and eggs. Dunk each croissant half into the mixture so that its fully coated. Set the pieces aside on a plate.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over low heat, then melt a small amount of butter in it. Add as many croissant halves as will fit, cutside down, then increase the heat very slightly dont go above medium low. Allow the pieces to cook on the first side for 3 to 4 minutes. Move them around in the skillet a bit to make sure they dont burn. When theyre deep golden brown on the bottom, flip them to the other side and let them cook for another 2 minutes or so. Remove from the pan and cook the rest of the croissant halves.nServe a top and bottom piece together with butter, warm blackberry syrup and maple syrup, strawberries and whipped cream., ingredients: [1 pint fresh blackberries, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 8 croissants a rounder shape is best, 14 cup halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 5 large eggs, Butter, for frying and serving, Warm maple syrup, for serving, Strawberries, for serving, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Croissant French Toast, picturelink: jFohCDVTIvvbmHpLTonkASImEkrsp52}, 23803: {instructions: 1. Prepare a grill pan or grill with a high heat direct heat. Smash the garlic, sprinkle with a pinch of salt, and, with the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Stir into the olive oil along with the lemon juice, cumin, turmeric, allspice, and cayenne in a small bowl. Rub into the meat on both sides and set aside.n2. Lightly oil the hot grill grates. Season the steaks with salt and pepper and grill over direct heat until nicely marked, about 3 minutes a side for mediumrare. Transfer to a plate or platter and let rest for 5 minutes.n3. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a skillet, then add the plantains and honey. Cook, stirring often until glazed and warmed through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Serve steak with the plantains., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 4 strip steaks, about 1inch thick 8 to 10 ounces each, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 11ounce package frozen cooked plantains, thawed and cut in 12inch slices, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Caribbean Strip Steak with Plantains, picturelink: null}, 23804: {instructions: 1. Position a rack closest to the broiler and preheat to high. Bring a large pasta pot filled with salted water to a boil.n2. Meanwhile, put the butter and garlic in large skillet and cook over mediumhigh heat until the garlic toasts lightly, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the lemon juice, hazelnuts, and season with salt and pepper.n3. Pat the scallops dry with paper towel. Arrange the scallops on a broiler pan and brush generously with some of the scampi sauce and season with salt and pepper. Put the pan under the broiler and cook until golden and just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Pour any scallop juices from the broiler pan into the pan sauce.n4. While the scallops broil, cook the pasta and cook according to package direction. Drain pasta and combine with scampi sauce. Add spinach and parsley and up to 13 cup pasta cooking water so the sauce evenly coats the pasta. Toss to incorporate. Divide pasta evenly into bowls and top with scallops, serve., ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons, 5 cloves garlic, minced, Juice of 2 lemons 13 cup, 12 cup toasted hazelnuts, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound sea scallops, tough muscles on the side removed, 12 ounces fresh fettuccine, 2 cups baby spinach, 12 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped], title: Florentine Scallop Scampi with Fettuccine, picturelink: null}, 23805: {instructions: Remove neck, wing tips, gizzards and extra fat from duck. Place neck, wing tips, and gizzards in stock pot filled with water. Bring to a boil. Prick duck skin all over, especially the fatty parts. Lower duck into stock pot, neck first. Place plate on top of duck to keep submerged and simmer for 45 minutes. Remove duck from pot and dry. Let sit out at room temperature for 30 minutes to dry and tighten skin before roasting. Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nIn a saucepan heat 12 cup white wine vinegar and 12 cup apricot jam until melted. Add 1 tablespoon soy sauce and 2 tablespoons toasted Szechaun peppercorns. Divide sauce in half.nBrush sauce over duck. Use sauce to baste duck occasionally.nPlace duck in oven, legs first. The rear of the oven is hotter and the dark meat takes longer to cook.nRoast for 45 minutes. Baste occasionally and spoon off fat.nReserve other half of sauce for dipping sauce., ingredients: [15 pound duck, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup apricot jam, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons toasted Szechuan peppercorns], title: Apricot Szechuan Roast Duck, picturelink: null}, 23806: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil, make sure that there is an ice bath ready. Blanch the peas and favas separately. Drain and immediately add them to an ice bath.nRemove kernels from the corn cobs and reserve the cobs. Add the cobs to a pot with water and cook for 25 minutes to create a quick stock. Next, run the corn through a juicer, strain the liquid and heat slowly in a stainless pot. Add a touch of cream to reinforce the sauce, season with salt and pepper and set aside. Next, finely dice the carrots and onions. Add the butter to a saute pan over medium heat and add the carrots, onions, favas, peas. Cook until tender. Stir in some of the corn stock to make a sauce. Remove from the heat, season with salt and pepper and reserve.nCombine the flour and chili pepper. Toss the bone marrow lightly with the flour mixture. Place the marrow in a pan and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for about 8 to 10 minutes. Heat a skillet with some oil, add the scallops and cook until golden brown on each side.nTo plate: place a line of the sauce down on each dish. Top with the blanched peas and favas. Using a zester, zest some of the lemons and oranges and sprinkle over the vegetables. Place the scallops and roasted bone marrow around the vegetables and. garnish with micro mix and sea salt., ingredients: [1 12 cups green English peas, 1 12 cups fresh favas, 6 whole yellow corn on the cob, Splash cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 carrots, 2 small yellow onions, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup fresh favas, 12 cup English peas, 5 marrow bones, marrow removed from bone, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 tablespoon Aleppo chili pepper, Vegetable oil, 12 pound cleaned fresh scallops, 1 lemon, 3 oranges, 1 package micro mix, Maldon sea salt], title: Surf and Turf Scallops, Peas, Corn and Bone Marrow, picturelink: null}, 23807: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a heavy large pot, heat the vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Cool slightly.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the onion, rice, cilantro, ground meat, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Using wet hands, shape the meat mixture into 20 to 22 1inch meatballs.nCombine the carrots, serrano chile, potato, tomato paste, and vegetable stock in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the meatballs and zucchini and simmer on low heat until the meatballs are cooked through, about 20 minutes. Season the soup with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 small onion, chopped about 12 cup, 13 cup uncooked longgrain rice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 pound ground sirloin beef, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 carrot, cut into rounds about 34 cup, 1 serrano chile, whole, 1 Yukon gold potato, skin on, diced about 1 cup, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 8 cups vegetable stock, 2 zucchini, diced about 1 cup], title: Mexican Meatball Soup, picturelink: 7XcNsOQ1qvw6asYMwyRiV1bRSXNjLdu}, 23808: {instructions: Combine the chicken broth, butter, salt and pepper in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a simmer, cover, then hold at a low simmer over mediumlow heat.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil over mediumlow heat in a highsided, lidded saute pan. Add the vermicelli and cook, stirring constantly, until golden brown all over, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until the grains turn from pale white to bright white, 5 to 7 minutes.nCarefully pour the simmering broth mixture over the rice and vermicelli. Scrape down the sides of the pan, making sure that all of the rice is submerged in broth. Bring to a low simmer, cover and cook for 15 minutes. Remove the lid and continue cooking until all of the liquid is absorbed, about 5 more minutes.nAdd the parsley and fluff the pilaf with a fork. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving dish and serve hot., ingredients: [2 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, 14 teaspoon cracked black pepper, plus additional for seasoning, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup broken vermicelli, 1inch pieces, 1 cup longgrain rice, such as Canilla, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: San Francisco Pilaf, picturelink: .EyXjHuW2KYyiAxkjWfCC5s61SPkh5y}, 23809: {instructions: 1. Heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil, then add the ham or other meats. Season with salt and pepper and stirfry until browned, about 2 minutes.n2. While the ham browns, finely chop the garlic and ginger together in a minichopper. Add the mixture to the ham, along with the scallion whites, and stirfry until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the frozen vegetables, season with salt and pepper to taste and stirfry until vegetables are heated but still crisp, about 1 minute. Transfer the mixture to a large serving bowl.n3. Return the skillet to the heat and add 1 tablespoon of the oil. Add eggs and season with salt and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring constantly, until eggs are set but still tender. Tip eggs out of the pan into the bowl with the ham mixture and break eggs up with a wooden spoon or spatula.n4. Return the skillet to the heat and add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and the curry powder. Stir until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the rice to the pan, breaking up any clumps, and stirfry until coated evenly with the oil. Cook the rice undisturbed until the bottom is slightly crisp, about 3 to 4 minutes. Stir scallion greens into the rice. Add rice to the serving bowl, stir to distribute the ingredients evenly, and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 8 ounces ham, diced, Kosher salt, Freshly ground pepper, 3 cloves garlic, 1 2inch piece peeled fresh ginger, 1 bunch scallions white and green parts kept separate, thinly sliced, 1 heaping cup frozen corn, peas, or carrots, or a mix, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon hot Madras curry powder, 4 cups cold cooked jasmine rice], title: Pork Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 23810: {instructions: 1. Bring pot of salted water to boil.n2. Drain tomatoes, reserving their juices, into a large bowl and crush with fork or hands set aside. Warm 2 tablespoons of olive oil with garlic, anchovies and chile pepper in a small skillet over mediumlow heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is lightly golden. Add the crushed tomatoes with some salt and the bay leaf. Raise heat to mediumhigh and cook, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes break down slightly, about 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in olives, capers and reserved tomato juices and continue to simmer until the sauce has thickened slightly and flavors are well incorporated, about 10 minutes.n3. Cook pasta in the boiling water, according to package directions. Drain and place in a serving bowl. Remove and discard the bay leaf from the sauce and add to the pasta along with the remaining tablespoon of oil and parsley. Season with salt and pepper to taste and serve with grated ParmigianoReggiano or pecorino cheese., ingredients: [1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, with their juices, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, 4 to 6 anchovy fillets, 1 hot chile pepper, cut in half or 14 to a 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup roughly chopped oilcured pitted black olives, 3 tablespoons capers, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, Grated ParmigianoReggiano or pecorino, to taste], title: Puttanesca Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23811: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the sweet potatoes on a sheet tray and roast for 35 to 40 minutes. The sweet potatoes might still be a little hard in the center no problemnWhile the sweet potatoes are baking make the topping. In a food processor, combine the oatmeal, brown sugar, olive oil, butter, and walnuts and pulse until mixture comes together.nWhen the potatoes are cool enough to handle, peel them and cut them into 1inch chunks. Discard the skins. Put the potatoes into a large dish and add the remaining ingredients. Mash together with a potato masher until well combined.nTransfer the mixture to a 2quart casserole dish. Crumble the topping mixture over the potatoes. Bake until the mixture hot all the way through and the topping is brown and crispy, about 30 minutes.nThats a hot sweet potato, ingredients: [2 12 pounds sweet potatoes about 3, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cup milk, 12 cup diced dried apricots, 12 cup oatmeal, 14 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into peasized pieces, 12 cup chopped walnuts], title: Sweet Potato Casserole, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 23812: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat, add pork and sirloin and brown. Add the onions, garlic, chipotle, adobo sauce, cumin, coriander, cocoa powder, cinnamon, salt, and pepper, cook 5 minutes to soften bits of onions. Stir in the tomato paste and cook 1 minute more. Add the beer and scrape up the drippings. Add 1 cup beef stock and heat through to combine the flavors then cool completely and store for makeahead meal.nThe night you would like to serve tamale pie, reheat in a skillet over medium heat while you make the quickcooking polenta. Preheat broiler. Heat chicken stock and milk to a boil, then whisk in the polenta and cook until thick, 3 minutes. Cooks Note: Polenta needs to be very thick.nStir in butter and honey and season with salt and coarse black pepper. Spread the thick polenta in an even layer over the tamale filling. Top the polenta with cheese and brown under broiler., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound ground pork, 1 12 pound ground sirloin, 1 onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons seeded chipotle in adobo sauce, finely chopped, plus couple spoonfuls sauce, 1 tablespoon ground cumin scant palmful, 1 tablespoon coriander scant palmful, 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 12ounce bottle Mexican beer recommended: Negra Modelo, 1 cup beef stock, 1 12 cups chicken stock or water, 1 12 cups milk, About 1 cup quick cooking polenta, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 generous tablespoon honey, 1 12 cups shredded Cheddar or smoked Cheddar cheese], title: Beef and Pork Tamale Pie, picturelink: U28B6mUGa0HQDi1A1Rm0REh5DYIuRJ6}, 23813: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nHalve the tomatoes, hollow and place in an oven to table baking dish. Mix the rest of the ingredients, except the cheese together in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Carefully stuff the tomatoes and sprinkle with the cheese. Bake for 20 minutes and serve immediately.nFRIED GREEN TOMATOESnSlice green tomatoes. Dust with flour, shaking off excess. Dip into beaten egg and coat with bread crumbs. Heat vegetable or peanut oil and fry slices until golden brown on both sides.nTIP:nROASTING TOMATOESnHeat a dry cast iron skillet until almost smoking, and add your whole tomatoes. Or place the whole tomatoes on a broiler tray. Turn them frequently, until they are blackened and charred on all sides. Peel off the blackened skin, and use in place of regular tomatoes for your salsas or tomato sauces., ingredients: [4 large yellow tomatoes, halved, hollowed, 3 cups cooked orzo, 14 cup chopped olives, 1 teaspoon finely minced garlic, 3 tablespoons chopped basil, or parsley if unavailable, 3 teaspoons toasted pine nuts, 1 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Baked Tomatoes with Orzo and Olives, picturelink: null}, 23814: {instructions: Pick through beans, removing all bad beans and any other foreign particles. Wash beans well. Place beans in 5 quart pot. Add the 2 quarts of water. Add the onions and bring to a boil. Lower heat and let beans boil slowly for 1 hour. When beans are soft stir well, mashing some against side of pot.nHeat oil in a frying pan. Add the ham and sausage and saute in the oil for 5 minutes. Then add the sausage, ham, and oil to beans. Deglaze pan with the cup of water, then pour into beans. Add all other ingredients. Let simmer for 30 minutes. Beans should be nice and creamy. Serve over rice., ingredients: [1 pound dried red kidney beans, 2 quarts water, 1 large onion, chopped, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 pound smoked ham, cubed, 1 pound smoked sausages, sliced into 12inch slices, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon whole fresh thyme leaves, 2 level tablespoons salt], title: Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: null}, 23815: {instructions: In a saucepot, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add red onion, garlic and ginger, stirring continuously so as not to burn. After 2 minutes add the curry paste, habanero and bay leaves until well incorporated. Add peppers and stir again cooking for 2 minutes. Add zucchini and squash and cook for another 2 minutes. The mixture should be well coated at this point. If it starts to burn, lower the heat and add a little water to stop the burning on the bottom of the pan. Add the coconut milk and cilantro. Salt and pepper to taste. Lower the heat and simmer, covered, for at least a 12 hour, stirring occasionally.nDuring the cooking process you can adjust the balance of moisture by adding water or coconut milk so the consistency stays stew like. Adjust the salt and pepper to taste.nServe over rice., ingredients: [1 large purple potato cooked until tender, then cubed, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 red onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped fine, 3 tablespoons fresh chopped ginger, 2 tablespoons red curry paste or substitute a high quality curry powder, 1 small habanero pepper optional, 2 bay leaves, 34 cup diced red pepper, 34 cup diced yellow pepper, 34 cup diced zucchini, 34 cup diced yellow squash, 1 cup diced fresh pineapple, 1 cup coconut milk, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Salt and pepper], title: Caribbean Style Vegetable Stew, picturelink: null}, 23816: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Using a serrated knife, slice off the top quarter of each tomato and reserve the tops. Scoop out the pulp from inside each tomato and transfer it to a food processor. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil and the cayenne to the food processor and process until smooth pour into a 9by13inch baking dish.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage, herbes de Provence, bell pepper, onion, diced celery and garlic. Cook, stirring, until the sausage browns, about 5 minutes. Transfer the sausage mixture and bread cubes to the food processor and pulse until chopped. Pack the tomatoes with the sausagebread mixture so the stuffing is domed on top. Put the stuffed tomatoes in the baking dish on top of the sauce.nPlace the basil, walnuts, cheese and celery leaves in the food processor and chop. Sprinkle onto the tomatoes. Put the tomato tops, cutside down, between the stuffed tomatoes. Bake until the stuffing is golden, about 20 minutes. Cover each tomato with a top and serve with the sauce.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [8 medium tomatoes, preferably with stems intact, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 34 pound luganega or sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence, 1 small green bell pepper, diced, 12 large onion, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, plus a handful of celery leaves, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 2 cups bread cubes from about 12 baguette, 1 cup fresh basil, 12 cup walnut pieces, 13 cup grated parmesan cheese], title: SausageandBasilStuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: BBdqPtfaCB1kKi0AA8dJnFwEpdd0QT6}, 23817: {instructions: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F line a cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, granulated sugar, cardamom, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Add the buttermilk, oil, vanilla extract and eggs and mix until smooth and completely combined.nPour the batter into the cupcake liners and bake until golden brown and risen, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool completely before frosting.nFor the rhubarb compote: In a medium saucepan, combine the rhubarb, granulated sugar and 14 cup water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until the water is absorbed and the rhubarb softens. Set aside to cool.nFor the cardamom frosting: In a medium mixing bowl using an electric mixer, cream the butter. Add the confectioners sugar 14 cup at a time and mix until completely smooth. Mix in the cardamom and vanilla extract.nTo assemble: Remove the centers of each cupcake using a paring knife. Fill each with some of the rhubarb compote and frost with the cardamom frosting. Serve immediately, or store in an airtight container for up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 14 cups cake flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon cardamom, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 2 cups chopped fresh rhubarb, 14 cup granulated sugar, 3 sticks 1 12 cups unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 tablespoon cardamom, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Cardamom Rhubarb Cupcake, picturelink: 21eMetWcAK663x5kwwXYjbj4ISltxei}, 23818: {instructions: In a medium bowl combine tomatoes, onion, jalapeno and cilantro. Stir in lime juice and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 plum tomatoes, chopped, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 3 tablespoons cilantro, chopped, Juice of one lime, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Quick Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 23819: {instructions: Before making the meringue, whirl the almonds in a food processor fitted with the metal blade until finely ground. Add the cornstarch and whirl again. Make Meringue. Fold ground almond mixture into finished meringue by hand.nHere, cornstarch insulates the meringue from the fat in the nuts, which would otherwise cause it to break down.nEasy way to pipe out disks of a particular size: trace a plate or other object of appropriate size onto parchment paper. The turn the paper over and use the circles as your guide. Start piping in the center and form a tight spiral out to the edge., ingredients: [1 recipe classic meringue, above, 1 cup slivered almonds or other nuts, 1 ounce cornstarch], title: Variation: Nut Meringue, picturelink: null}, 23820: {instructions: In a sieve over a medium nonreactive saucepot, strain the tomatoes of their juice into the sauce pot. Add the sherry vinegar, sugar, red pepper flakes, oregano, and basil to the tomato juice. Stir and cook over high heat. Once bubbles begin to form on the surface, reduce to a simmer. Allow liquid to reduce by 12 or until liquid has thickened to a loose syrup consistency. Squeeze each tomato thoroughly to ensure most seeds are removed. Set the tomatoes aside.nCut carrot, onion, and celery into uniform sizes and combine with olive oil and garlic in a nonreactive roasting pan over low heat. Sweat the mirepoix until the carrots are tender and the onion becomes translucent, 15 to 20 minutes. Add the tomatoes and capers to the roasting pan.nPlace roasting pan on the middle rack of the oven and broil for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes. Tomatoes should start to brown slightly on edges with light caramelization. Remove the pan from the broiler. Place the pan over 2 burners on the stove. Add the white wine to the tomatoes and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes over medium heat. Put the tomatoes into a deep pot or bowl and add the reduced tomato liquid to the tomatoes. Blend to desired consistency and adjust seasoning, ingredients: [2 28ounce cans whole, peeled tomatoes, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 onion, 1 carrot, 1 stalk celery, 2 ounces olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons capers, rinsed and drained, 12 cup white wine, Kosher salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Alton  Red Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23821: {instructions: Preheat grill pan or large nonstick griddle pan over medium high to high heat. Brush mushroom caps with damp towel to clean them. Scrape away gills with a spoon. Combine Worcestershire sauce with balsamic vinegar, then whisk in 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil. Brush mushrooms with dressing. Grill mushrooms on hot grill pan or griddle for 3 or 4 minutes on each side, until tender. Transfer to a plate and cover loosely with foil to keep warm.nCombine meat in a bowl with onion, garlic, jalapeno, tomato paste, chili powder and steak seasoning blend. Form meat into 4 large 1 12 inchthick patties. Grill meat 4 to 7 minutes on each side for mediumrare to well done burgers. Melt cheese over burgers during the last minute or 2 the meat is on the grill. A loose foil tent will help the cheese melt quicker.nWhile the meat cooks, grind the roasted red peppers in a food processor with cilantro or parsley.nTo assemble, place a portobello capsidedown on a plate and spread a spoonful or 2 of the ground roasted red peppers into the cavity. Top with a chilismoked cheese burger and serve. Macho Gazpacho Chunk Vegetable Salad makes a great side dish.nCut cucumber, tomatoes, pepper, onion and celery into bitesized chunks. Combine vegetable in a bowl. Sprinkle cilantro or parsley over the vegetables. Combine vinegar, lime or lemon juice and hot sauce in a small bowl. Whisk in extravirgin olive oil in a slow stream. Pour dressing down over the salad and toss. Season salad with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [4 portobello mushroom caps, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball the amount, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, a splash, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, plus extra for drizzling, 1 12 pounds ground sirloin, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons dark chili powder, a palm full, 1 tablespoon steak seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 8 ounces smoked white cheddar recommended: Cabot brand or smoked gouda, sliced, 2 roasted red peppers, drained, available in salad bar and deli sections of market in bulk or in jars, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves or flatleaf parsley, Macho Gazpacho Vegetable Chunk Salad, recipe follows, 12 seedless cucumber, also known as English cucumber, 2 vine ripe tomatoes, seeded, 1 green bell pepper, seeded, 12 red onion, peeled, 4 ribs celery from the heart, including leafy tops, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves or flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 lime or 12 lemon, juiced, 1 to 2 teaspoons hot sauce, for mild to mediumhot heat level recommended: Tabasco, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball the amount, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: OpenFaced Chili Burgers on Grilled Portobello Buns with Smoked Cheese, picturelink: i9HBWKS.XbTzZ8ywDdlcan.vAbZeRwu}, 23822: {instructions: On a lightly floured work surface, roll out half the dough into a 18inchthick circle, about 13 inches in diameter. Drape dough over a 9inch pie pan, and transfer to the refrigerator to chill for about 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F. Whisk together the egg and the milk to make the egg wash, and set aside. Combine the blueberries, lemon juice, sugar, flour, cinnamon, and nutmeg, and turn into the chilled bottom crust. Dot with the butter.nRoll out the remaining pie crust dough to the same size and thickness. Brush the rim of the pie crust with the egg wash, place the other pie crust on top, and with scissors or a knife, trim to 12inch over the edge of the pan, and crimp the edges with a fork or your fingers. Tuck the crust under the edge of the pie pan to prevent the juices from spilling. With a small paring knife pierce the top crust in a decorative pattern. Transfer the pie to the refrigerator to chill until firm, about 15 minutes.nBrush with the egg wash glaze, and sprinkle with the tablespoon of sugar. Bake in the heated oven for 20 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F, and continue baking 30 to 40 minutes until golden brown., ingredients: [1 recipe pie crust, recipe follows, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon milk, 6 cups frozen blueberries, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 cup sugar or less, depending on the sweetness of the berries, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, for sprinkling], title: Blueberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 23823: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd potatoes, cream, milk, garlic, thyme and bay leaf into a large saucepan and gently boil for 15 minutes until potatoes are just tender and the tip of a paring knife goes through with little resistance. Strain potatoes and reserve the cream mixture but discard the bay leaf, thyme stems and the garlic. Mash the potatoes and fold in the cream mixture until the potatoes are smooth and creamy. Fold in about a tablespoon of the olive oil, the butter, and the grainy mustard. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 mediumsized Yukon gold potatoes, quartered unpeeled, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups whole milk, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and gently smashed, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grainy Mustard Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 23824: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nRemove the biscuits from the tube. Flatten out each one slightly. Place 1 teaspoon of sliced scallion into the center of the biscuit and drizzle with 14 teaspoon of sesame oil. Wrap the edges of the biscuit around the scallions and roll into a ball. Repeat with remaining biscuits. On a clean, floured work surface, roll out each biscuit ball into a round about 18inch thick.nHeat 2 tablespoons of canola oil in a large, nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add a rolled out pancake and fry until crispy, about 3 minutes per side. Once cooked, place in the oven to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining pancakes and canola oil.nMeanwhile, in a separate skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of canola oil over medium heat. Add the turkey and soy sauce and cook until heated through. Turn off the heat and add the remaining teaspoon of sesame oil.nIn a minifood processor, combine the cranberry sauce and 12 cup hoisin sauce and blend until smooth.nTo assemble: Drizzle 1 tablespoon of the remaining hoisin sauce onto a scallion pancake. Top with some cucumber, scallions, and some of the cooked turkey. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the cranberryhoisin sauce. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Serve and enjoy., ingredients: [1 8count package refrigerator biscuits recommended: Pillsbury Grands, 8 scallions, sliced, some reserved for garnish, 3 teaspoons sesame oil, divided, Flour, for dusting, 1 cup canola oil plus 2 tablespoons, 4 cups leftover cooked turkey, shredded, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 cup cranberry sauce, 1 cup hoisin sauce, divided, 1 cup julienned cucumber], title: Countdown 3 Scallion Pancakes with Crispy Turkey and Cranberry Hoisin Sauce, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 23825: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSeason salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon, skin side down, on a nonstick baking sheet or in a nonstick pan with an ovenproof handle. Bake until salmon is cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve with the Toasted Almond Parsley Salad and squash, if desired.nMince the shallot and add to a small bowl. Pour the vinegar over the shallots and add a pinch of salt. Let sit for 30 minutes.nRoughly chop the capers, parsley and almonds and add to the shallots. Add the olive oil, tasting as you go. Mix again and adjust the seasonings., ingredients: [12 ounce salmon fillet, cut into 4 pieces, Coarsegrained salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Toasted Almond Parsley Salsa, for serving, Baked squash, for serving, optional, 1 shallot, 1 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Coarse grain salt, 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup toasted almonds, Extravirgin olive oil], title: OvenBaked Salmon, picturelink: yHqr.ez.k9SQXFhysA2WLaojUlicSAa}, 23826: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHalve 1 lime and squeeze the juice into a large straight sided skillet or pot with a lid. Add 6 cups water, the squeezed lime halves, ginger, and peppercorns and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat to a simmer, cover, and cook for 10 minutes to infuse the water with flavor reduce heat to lowest setting, carefully slide salmon into the water, cover, and poach until fish is just cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the fish with a slotted spoon and cool completely before transferring to an airtight container. Add about 12 cup poaching liquid to the container to keep the fish moist and chill in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nMeanwhile, zest the remaining lime and add about 12 teaspoon zest to the bowl of a food processor add the juice from half the lime to the bowl should be about 1 teaspoon juice. Add the basil leaves, a pinch of salt and a few grinds black pepper and pulse until it begins to turn into a paste. Add the creme fraiche and puree until very smooth. Transfer to a serving bowl and refrigerate until ready to serve.nTo serve, plate the cold salmon with a drizzle of lime basil cream over the top., ingredients: [2 limes, 6 cups water, 1 4inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, about 14 cup, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 4 6ounce boneless skinless salmon fillets, 13 cup packed fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup creme fraiche or sour cream], title: Ginger Poached Salmon with Lime Basil Cream, picturelink: wolIXA.Y8mDoHnUSASbLmlVeH4g7.e}, 23827: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nPut the trout in a shallow baking pan 1inch deep or a large heavy ovenproof skillet, then pat dry and season the cavities with salt and pepper. Put 2 sprigs of rosemary inside each cavity and season outside of trout with salt and pepper then wrap 3 bacon slices around each.nBroil the trout 5 to 7 inches from heat until skin and bacon are crisp, about 5 minutes. Turn over gently with a spatula and broil 2 minutes more. Add lemon slices to pan in 1 layer alongside each trout and continue to broil until the trout are just cooked through and the rest of the bacon is crisp, 2 12 to 3 minutes more., ingredients: [4 10 to 12ounce whole trout, cleaned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 4 to 5inch fresh rosemary sprigs, 12 bacon slices, 12 thin lemon slices], title: BaconWrapped Trout with Rosemary, picturelink: null}, 23828: {instructions: Cut the fish into even portions lengthwise, to fit the shape of a taco shell or tortilla.nBatter: In a large bowl whisk together the eggs, cornstarch, milk and salt. Put the mahi mahi strips into the batter, toss gently to coat and let it marinate for at least 1 hour. Stir occasionally, so the cornstarch doesnt settle to the bottom of the bowl.nWhile the fish marinates make the aioli: In a food processor or blender, add the egg yolks, orange zest, orange juice, garlic, salt and cinnamon. Pulse the ingredients until they are well blended and then, with the processor running, very slowly begin to add the canola oil. The texture you are looking for is that of mayonnaise.nSlaw: In a large bowl combine the cabbages, jalapenos, lime zest, lime juice, honey, salt and cilantro.nHeat a small nonstick saute pan over mediumlow heat. Stir in all of the spice mix ingredients and cook until toasted, about 1 minute. Remove from heat.nFill a large, deep saute pan with straight sides, half way up with canola oil and put it over medium heat. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F.nPut the mahi mahi pieces in the oil and cook for about 2 minutes a side. When they are done, remove to a paper towel to drain and immediately sprinkle with the toasted spice mix. You can go as heavy or light with the spice as you like. Repeat this process until all the fish is cooked.nLay 1 to 2 pieces of fish in each taco shell or heated tortilla. Top with aioli and slaw and enjoynFood Network Kitchens have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 pounds mahi mahi fillet, skin and blood line removed, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups cornstarch, 1 12 cups milk, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Canola oil, for frying, 8 hard corn taco shells or small soft flour tortillas, 2 egg yolks, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 2 whole garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups canola oil, 1 small green cabbage, finely shredded, 1 small red cabbage, finely shredded, 2 jalapenos, finely diced, 2 limes, zested, 5 limes, juiced, 14 cup honey, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 12 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground anise seed], title: Mahi Churro with Jalapeno Slaw and Cinnamon Aioli, picturelink: 5IOyVa3ZWWtUcEGw1pt3d1bAHqb0Daa}, 23829: {instructions: For the dough: Place flour in a mixing bowl and sift the cocoa powder over it. Stir in the sugar, salt and baking powder. Rub in the butter finely, leaving the mixture cool and powdery. Beat the egg and stir it into the dough. Press the dough together and wrap and chill it.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees and set rack in the lower third of oven. On a floured surface, roll the dough and line a buttered 10inch tart pan. Set aside while preparing filling.nIn a saucepan, over medium heat, bring sugar and water to a boil. Add butter and continue heating to melt butter. Off heat whisk in finely cut chocolate. Whisk eggs with spices, then whisk in chocolate mixture. Pour into tart shell.nBake for about 30 minutes, until well risen and firm. Cool on a rack. Unmold tart and serve with sweetened whipped cream., ingredients: [1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 14 cup sugar, 1 pinch salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large egg, 13 cup water, 13 cup sugar, 12 stick unsalted butter, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves], title: Spicy Chocolate Tart, picturelink: null}, 23830: {instructions: Mound the flour on a smooth work surface, and create a well in the middle of the flour. Break up the cubes of yeast with your hands and add it to the well, along with the white wine, olive oil and a portion of salted lukewarm water. Work the flour slowly, adding the rest of the salted lukewarm water as needed until it turns into a uniform dough. Cover the dough and let rest to rise for about 20 to 30 minutes at room temperature., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon fresh yeast, crumbled, 34 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups lukewarm water], title: Nonna Giulias Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 23831: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine first 6 ingredients and set aside.nCombine eggs, oil, sugars, and vanilla in a large bowl. Beat until well blended. Stir in zucchini, apples, and nuts. Add to dry ingredients stir until moistened.nPut into greased and floured loaf pans. Bake at 350 degrees for 50 to 55 minutes., ingredients: [4 cups flour, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 5 eggs, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 12 cup oil, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 2 cups shredded zucchini bread, 1 cup shredded apples, 1 12 cup chopped nuts], title: Apple Zucchini Bread, picturelink: null}, 23832: {instructions: Pound alligator until slightly flattened. Season using the blackening seasoning. Cook in hot oil for approximately 4 to 5 minutes, turning constantly after the first minute. When cooked, drain excess oil. Serve sliced., ingredients: [1 pound alligator loin meat, 1 12 tablespoons blackening seasoning, 1 tablespoon cooking oil], title: Blackened Alligator, picturelink: null}, 23833: {instructions: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the cream cheese until smooth. With the mixer on medium speed, add the sour cream, lemon juice, dill, scallion, milk, salt, and pepper. With a rubber spatula, fold in 34 of the salmon roe. Spoon the dip into a bowl and garnish with the remaining salmon roe and sprigs of fresh dill.nServe with chips, toasts, or crackers., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons freshly minced dill, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 scallion, minced white and green parts, 1 tablespoon milk, halfandhalf, or cream, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 100 grams good salmon roe], title: Caviar Dip, picturelink: YMaGmekpv2vUBE95Jb2Bi1ANsxkiny}, 23834: {instructions: In a blender or food processor coarsely puree tomatoes with juice and in a heavy saucepan stir together with remaining ingredients. Simmer sauce, stirring occasionally, 40 minutes, or until slightly thickened. Sauce may be made ahead, cooled completely, uncovered, and chilled, covered, 2 days or frozen 1 month., ingredients: [28 ounce tomatoes, including juice, 1 small onion, 14 cup extravirgin, 1 teaspoon salt, Dried herbs basil, thyme, oregano, bay leaf etc], title: Quick Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23835: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter or spray 6 ramekins or 1 6inch cake pan.nIn a double boiler melt chocolate, liquid, and butter. Beat egg yolks until light and fluffy. Add melted chocolate mixture. In bowl of mixer beat egg whites and sugar to stiff peak stage. Fold chocolate mixture into meringue. Pour into ramekins or cake pan and bake in oven for about 20 minutes. Remove from oven and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces high quality semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, 12 cup cold coffee, rum, brandy or water, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, 6 eggs, separated, 13 cup granulated sugar], title: Simple Flourless Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 23836: {instructions: For the chicken mole: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the stems and seeds from the ancho chiles and bake for 5 minutes. When cool, roughly chop and set aside.nHeat the oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onions, a couple pinches of salt and saute until soft, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Add the reserved ancho chiles and minced chipotle. Cook until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the chocolate, cinnamon, cloves and garlic and cook until the garlic is fragrant and the chocolate is melted, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock, tomatoes, almond butter, raisins and sesame seeds. Gently simmer for about 20 minutes, stirring frequently.nPlace the mole into a blender and puree until smooth, about 1 minute. Adjust the seasoning if necessary. Add the mole back to the Dutch oven. Sprinkle the chicken on all sides with salt and pepper. Lay the chicken in the sauce in one layer, making sure each breast is entirely coated, and gently simmer, flipping once during cooking, until the breasts register 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 20 to 25 minutes. Set aside off the heat and let rest.nUsing your hands, remove the skin and meat from the bones and discard. Shred the chicken into smaller chunks and place back into the mole to keep warm. Season if necessary.nFor the sandwich build: Heat the refried beans in the microwave until warm. Spread on the bottom of the bolillo rolls. Place the chicken on top of the beans with a little extra mole. Place some queso fresco on top of the chicken, slather the top bun with sour cream and adhere the lettuce. Top with the pickled jalapenos and cilantro and drizzle with the Tomatillo Salsa. Close, cut sharply on the bias and serve with fresh lime wedges. Two hands, bite hard.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nToss the tomatillos, garlic, pepper and onions with the olive oil and place evenly on a baking sheet. Bake until the tomatillos and onions are soft, 15 to 20 minutes. If necessary, remove the garlic sooner to avoid scorching. Remove the stem, ribs and seeds from the jalapeno or keep them in if you want it hot. Add roasted vegetables, fresh cilantro and lime juice into a blender and puree until smooth. Adjust the seasoning if necessary and transfer to a bowl., ingredients: [2 dried ancho chiles, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 medium yellow onion, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, minced, 2 12 tablespoons semisweet chocolate, chopped, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 cups chicken stock, One 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, 14 cup almond butter, 14 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, 4 bonein skinon chicken breasts 3 12 to 4 pounds, One 16ounce can refried beans with chorizo if available, 4 fresh bolillo rolls, warmed, 2 cups finely shredded iceberg lettuce, Pickled jalapenos, Fresh cilantro leaves, Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows, Lime wedges, for garnish, 1 pound fresh tomatillos, husk removed and rinsed well, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and left whole, 1 jalapeno pepper, stemmed and halved, 12 yellow onion, cut into thirds, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup fresh cilantro, Juice of 1 lime], title: Chicken Mole Torta, picturelink: RRzs7w6nC4mGhQGdx78SEy5uu0AbVou}, 23837: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Put the bread on a baking sheet and toast until lightly golden brown on both sides, about 10 minutes. Remove and let cool.nMeanwhile, heat the butter and canola oil in a large saute pan over medium heat until shimmering. Add the onions and toss to coat, then add the sugar and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are golden brown and caramelized, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly.nIn a large bowl, combine the toasted bread, caramelized onions and spinach. In another large bowl, whisk the eggs, milk, heavy cream, 1 12 cups cheese, the mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, the thyme and nutmeg. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish. Add the bread mixture to the baking dish, then pour the egg mixture over the bread and press down to make sure it is totally submerged.nIncrease the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake the strata, uncovered, until it is golden brown on top, puffed slightly and doesnt shimmy with uncooked custard when you shake the pan, 50 minutes to 1 hour sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup cheese during the last 10 minutes of baking. Let cool 5 minutes before serving.nMeanwhile, prepare the tomatoes: Heat the canola oil in a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the cherry tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and cook until softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the chives and remove from the heat. Serve the strata with the sauteed tomatoes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 cups cubed dayold French bread, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 large Spanish onions, halved and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 10 large eggs, 3 cups whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups grated aged Gruyere cheese about 8 ounces, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, For the tomatoes:, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Caramelized Onion, Spinach and Gruyere Strata with Sauteed Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 23838: {instructions: Peel and seed the cantaloupe. Using a mandoline with wide julienne blade, gently shave the melon into batons into 4 bowls or plates. Do not try to arrange the melon batons on the plate, they are fragile.nSprinkle each plate of melon with pinch of salt. Pour the chilled wine over top. Sprinkle with mint and serve immediately or chill in refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 ripe cantaloupes, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 375 ml bottle muscato wine or other dessert wine, chilled, 1 small bunch fresh mint, leaves picked and chopped fine], title: Melon Fettuccini with Sweet Wine and Fresh Mint, picturelink: null}, 23839: {instructions: Season flour with salt and pepper. Dredge both sides of fillets in flour. Shake off surplus flour.nHeat saute pan over medium heat. Add olive oil and 14 cup clarified butter. Add fillets, flesh side down, to pan. Cook 6 minutes. Turn, and cook the other side for 4 minutes. Remove fish from pan to platter. Strain cooking juices and set aside. Return fillets to pan, flesh side up.nMeanwhile, in another pan, add remaining clarified butter. On mediumlow heat, add tomatoes. Then add garlic. Stir gently. Stir in 14 teaspoon tarragon, 1 teaspoon dill, and the parsley. Add 1ounce of Pernod, wine vinegar, and salt and pepper. Simmer gently. Add fish juices. Increase heat to high.nSeason fish fillets with remaining dill and 14 teaspoon tarragon. Add remaining Pernod to pan with fish and set aflame.nStir in butter to sauce and pour over fish. Remove from heat, slide onto platter, and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup flour, sifted, 2 red snapper fillets, about 1 14 pounds combined, scaled, skin left on, 18 cup olive oil, 14 cup clarified butter, 2 large tomatoes, skinned, seeded, and quartered, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 teaspoon dried tarragon, divided, 4 teaspoons snipped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 3 ounces Pernod, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar with tarragon, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Red Snapper Sunset, picturelink: null}, 23840: {instructions: 2 cups assorted mixins such as holiday MMs, toffee bits, shredded coconut, peanut butter chips andor white chocolate chunksnPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Sift the flour, baking soda and salt into a large bowl. In a separate large bowl, whisk the melted butter, brown sugar, cocoa powder, eggs and vanilla until combined. Stir in the flour mixture with a wooden spoon until just incorporated, then stir in the chocolate chips and assorted mixins.nDrop tablespoonfuls of dough about 3 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets smooth the tops with damp fingers. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until puffed and set, about 12 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 12 cup cocoa powder not Dutchprocess, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup bittersweet chocolate chips], title: SuperChunky Cookies, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 23841: {instructions: Warm the cream with the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat until the butter melts set aside.nPut the potatoes in a medium saucepan with cold water to cover. Bring to boil then add 1 teaspoon of salt and reduce the heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, until the potatoes are very tender. Drain. Pass the potatoes through a food mill or a ricer into a large mixing bowl. Stir in the warm cream and butter mixture until the cream is absorbed and the mixture is smooth. Season the potatoes with salt and pepper and finish them off by stirring in 14 cup olive oil and sprinkling with chives, if using., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 large Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, optional, Chopped fresh chives, for serving], title: Velvety Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: TfV0T0gBrVnUpuDZautoFxm9z6TbFVu}, 23842: {instructions: Special equipment: 13by9inch baking dishnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the tomatoes in a 13by9inch baking dish. Toss the tomatoes with the olive oil, oregano and garlic. Season heavily with salt and pepper. Roast the tomatoes until fully cooked, about 40 minutes.nOnce the tomatoes are cooked, place them in a blender and process until smooth. Check for seasoning and then serve., ingredients: [8 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23843: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the ancho, coriander, mustard, paprika, pepper, salt, chile de arbol, cumin and oregano until blended. Store in a cool, dark place, tightly covered, for up to 6 months., ingredients: [14 cup ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chile de arbol powder or cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried oregano], title: Bobbys Spice Rub for Beef and Pork, picturelink: null}, 23844: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the tomatoes in puree, basil, 14 cup of the olive oil and the garlic. Stir well and set aside at room temperature for up to 1 hour. In a bowl, mix together the Romano and fontina cheeses. Spread about 34 cup of the romanofontina mixture over each pizza crust and then dollop each with 8 to 10 tablespoons of the tomato sauce. Do not spread the sauce over the crust. Drizzle each pizza with about a tablespoon of the remaining olive oil and sprinkle each with parsley. At this point if you desire, spread the mashed potatoes thinly over the dough. Slide the crust back to the edge of the hot section of the grill. Rotate them 3 to 4 minutes, until the bottoms are evenly golden brown. Cut pizzas and serve.nMix the water, yeast, and molasses in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook. Let this stand for 12 minutes to activate the yeast the water will foam slightly. Add the salt and oil to the bowl and mix well. With mixer on low speed add the all purpose flour and the whole wheat flour to the bowl and mix until all the flour is absorbed and the dough pulls away from the side of the bowl. Remove the dough from the bowl and cut the dough into 6 5 12 ounce portions. Roll the portioned dough into balls and place on an oiled baking pan. Brush the ball lightly with olive oil and cover with plastic wrap. If you are going to use the dough right away let the dough sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before using. You can store the dough after portioning for 1 day in the refrigerator, but you must let sit at room temperature for 1 hour before using., ingredients: [3 cups canned plum tomatoes in thick puree, crushed up, 34 cup chopped fresh basil, 1 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 2 14 cups grated Romano cheese, 2 14 cups grated fontina cheese, 3 tablespoon chopped flat leaf parsley, Mashed potatoes, if desired see recipes below, 1 recipe pizza dough divided into 6 pieces recipe below, 11 ounces lukewarm water, 1 teaspoon fresh yeast, 1 tablespoon molasses, 2 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 12 tablespoons olive oil, 3 12 cups all purpose flour, 13 cup whole wheat flour], title: Grilled Pizza Margherita, picturelink: null}, 23845: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 23846: {instructions: In a deep heavy pot or a deep fryer, add the oil and heat to 325 degrees F.nCut the potatoes lengthwise into 14inch sticks. Put them in a bowl of cold water and let soak for 15 minutes. Drain and dry them well.nCarefully drop the potatoes, in batches, in the hot oil. Cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Drain well on brown paper. Let cool.nIncrease the oil temperature to 350 degrees F. When you are ready to serve, fry the potatoes again in the hotter oil until golden brown and crispy, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain well on brown paper. Meanwhile, in a small pot, melt the butter with the garlic.nIn a large bowl, toss a large handful of fries with some of the garlic butter. Sprinkle with the Parmesan, parsley, and salt while hot. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups canola oil, for frying, 3 russet potatoes, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt], title: Garlic Fries, picturelink: eo4rEu4UOOydFOSaKwRqpA0hUVvApvO}, 23847: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBegin by putting the oil, herbs and garlic in a heavybottomed pot over medium heat. Bring the oil up to 365 degrees F, then remove the herbs and garlic with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. They should be nice and crackly at this stage. Reserve for garnish.nUsing a mandoline, cut the sweet potatoes into matchsticks. Put in a large bowl of ice water to remove any starch. Soak for a few minutes and rinse with fresh cold water until it runs clear. Drain the matchsticks and pat dry in a kitchen towel, to remove as much water as possible. Fry in 365 degree F oil, in small batches, until crispy and golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to paper cones, resting in cups, and season with Cajun spice mix. Peel the garlic cloves and sprinkle over the matchsticks along with the fried herbs before serving.nMix all the ingredients together in a small bowl., ingredients: [Peanut or vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 3 to 4 sprigs rosemary, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh sage, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 to 6 cloves garlic, separated but unpeeled, 2 to 3 large sweet potatoes, Cajun Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, Pinch cayenne, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Potato Matchsticks, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 23848: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat and brown the mushrooms, 10 minutes. Scrape the corn kernels from the cobs and add to the mushrooms. Season with salt and black pepper and continue cooking, 5 to 6 minutes.nPuree the stock with the poblanos, garlic, cilantro, onions and some salt and black pepper in a blender or food processor. Melt the butter in a saucepot over medium heat, and then whisk in the flour. Whisk in the milk and cream and raise the heat a bit. Stir in the poblano puree and simmer until thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. Stir in 1 cup of the grated cheese.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCook the pasta to al dente in a large pot of salted boiling water. Before draining the pasta, reserve a ladle of the starchy cooking water. Toss the pasta with the sauce, mushrooms and corn, adding a little of the reserved starchy water if the sauce is too thick. Pour into a baking dish and top with the remaining cheese. Bake until brown and bubbly, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, 12 ounces mushrooms, thinly sliced, 3 ears fresh corn on the cob, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chicken or vegetable stock, 2 to 3 medium poblano chile peppers, seeded, stemmed and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small handful fresh cilantro leaves, 1 small onion, chopped 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 12 cup heavy cream or Mexican crema, 2 cups shredded manchego cheese, 1 pound shortcut pasta, such as ziti with lines or macaroni], title: Poblano Mac and Manchego with Corn and Mushrooms, picturelink: IxzoXIF8rsKoD6W0ByWan2nXKofvr2}, 23849: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPut 1 12 tablespoons of the olive oil in a shallow baking dish. Place the fish fillets in the baking dish and turn to coat them with the oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon the wine around the fish. Bake until the fish just flakes, about 20 minutes.nWhisk a tablespoon or 2 of the juices from the baking dish into the salsa and oil mixture to thin and flavor it, then spoon the sauce over the fish. Serve at once.nAdd all the ingredients except for the olive oil and pulse until nearly pureed. With the machine running, add 6 tablespoons olive oil through the feed tube, pureeing until the mixture is almost smooth. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nRefrigerate in an airtight container with a thin film of olive oil on top to protect it from oxidizing. The flavors will stay lively for 2 to 3 days., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 12 halibut fillets, about 6 ounces each, skinned, Sea salt, preferably gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 tablespoons dry white wine, 5 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons salsa mixed with 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, recipe follows, 1 pound green olives, pitted, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, optional, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon minced capers, rinsed before mincing, 2 small clove garlic, minced, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil , plus more for storing], title: SlowRoasted Halibut with Asparagus and Salsa Genovese, picturelink: null}, 23850: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, put a baking sheet on it and preheat to 450 degrees F. Cut the cauliflower through the core into 1inchthick steaks. Its fine if some of the end steaks break into florets just cook them along with the rest.nPut 2 tablespoons of the butter on the hot baking sheet, return the sheet to the oven and let the butter melt and bubble, about 30 seconds. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and tilt to coat it with butter. Arrange the cauliflower steaks and any stray florets on the baking sheet. Roast until the bottom of the cauliflower is dark brown and almost tender a knife inserted in the steaks should meet a little resistance, about 12 minutes. Generously sprinkle the cauliflower with salt, flip with a spatula, sprinkle with salt and continue to roast until the cauliflower is tender, about 10 minutes more.nWhile the cauliflower roasts, mash the remaining 4 tablespoons butter with a fork in a small bowl. Mash in the parsley, capers, caper brine, lemon zest, 14 teaspoon salt and one grind of pepper. When the steaks are done, transfer them to a serving platter or individual plates. Dollop some compound butter on top of each steak and scatter any stray florets around them. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 large head cauliflower about 2 12 pounds, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon capers in brine, strained and chopped, plus 1 teaspoon brine, Zest of 1 lemon, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cauliflower Steaks with Caper Butter, picturelink: 9TZAz4o.KWlZhGjzHrzrReaFuMgV54i}, 23851: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nRoll out the dough and place in a 10inch tart pan with removable bottom. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and sprinkle with 1 12 cups grated cheese.nHeat olive oil in skillet and saute fennel and onions. Add the salt and pepper.nRemove from heat and toss with fresh dill and place in tart pan.nTop with the 12 cup remaining grated cheese. Decorate with seedless grapes and fried kalamatas. Serve warm, ingredients: [Cream cheese dough, 2 cups grated gruyere cheese reserve 12 cup, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 heads fennel sliced thin in 12inch circles, 1 yellow onion sliced thin in 12inch circles, 12 teaspoon Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 2 teaspoons fresh dill, 23 cup seedless red grapes, split, Fried kalamata olives], title: Fennel Gruyere Grape Tart, picturelink: null}, 23852: {instructions: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nLine a large 4 12inch by 9 12inch metal loaf pan with parchment paper and spray with nonstick cooking spray.nSift the flour, baking soda, ginger and salt into a medium bowl. Whisk the pumpkin, buttermilk, and vanilla in another bowl.nBeat the butter with an electric mixer at medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the light brown sugar and continue beating until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes more. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. At low speed, add the flour mixture in 3 parts, alternating with the pumpkin mixture in 2 parts, beginning and ending with the flour. Mix briefly at mediumlow speed to make a smooth batter. Turn off beaters and add the crystallized ginger. Finish folding batterwhich will be thickby hand with a rubber spatula.nScrape batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake until a cake tester inserted into the cake comes out clean and top springs back when lightly pressed, about 55 minutes. Cool in pan on a rack 10 to 15 minutes, then invert pan to release cake onto rack to cool. Dust with confectioners sugar, if desired. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup canned pure pumpkin puree, 14 cup reducedfat buttermilk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 packed cup light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 14 cup finely chopped crystallized ginger, Confectioners sugar, optional], title: Ginger Tea Cake, picturelink: null}, 23853: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 saute pan, 19 by 11inch glass baking pan, foil, 2 medium mixing bowls, 1 small bowlnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the cleaned and rinsed chicken breasts into a mixing bowl. Cut an incision into the breasts thats large enough to fit the stuffing. After you make the incision, sprinkle the breasts with the garlic, salt, pepper, and fresh thyme breast. Cover and refrigerate while you prep the bread crumbs and saute the apples.nIn a mixing bowl combine the animal crackers and bread crumbs.nHeat saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and the apples. Cook for 10 to 15 minutes depending on how soft you would like them.nWhisk the egg in a small bowl. Lay out a sheet of aluminum foil. Put a seasoned chicken breast on the foil and stuff 14 of the apples into the incision. Dredge the chicken in the whisked egg, and then roll it in the bread crumb mixture. Put the breaded chicken breast back on the sheet of foil and roll it up so the foil is covering the breast completely. Repeat these steps for the remaining breasts. Lastly, place the wrapped chicken breasts in a baking pan and bake for 1 hour. Remove the pan from the oven, unwrap the chicken and serve on individual plates., ingredients: [4 2ounce boneless skinless chicken breasts, 6 cloves freshly minced garlic not jarred, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 cup crumbled animal crackers, 1 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 18 cup olive oil, 6 large Fuji apples, peeled, cored, and chopped, 1 egg], title: Animal Cracker Crusted Chicken with Fuji Caramelized Apples, picturelink: null}, 23854: {instructions: Combine wine, sugar, and pepper in a medium bowl. Add berries and soak 20 minutes. Cut the cake into thick slices. Serve wedges doused with wine soaked berries then garnish with whipped cream and fresh mint or orange zest., ingredients: [13 cup dry Italian red wine, 3 tablespoons sugar, A few grinds black pepper, 12 pint strawberries, sliced, 12 pint blackberries, 1 store bought angel food cake, Whipped cream, canister, Finely chopped fresh mint leaves or orange zest, for garnish], title: Devilish Angel Cake with Wine Soaked Berries, picturelink: .bnDEN8CQ.BVVAzisaJJLQkmlZ7VgvC}, 23855: {instructions: Pour one 12ounce bottle of your favorite lager or Belgian white beer into a shallow baking dish and freeze, scraping it with a fork every 30 minutes for 2 hours. Spoon the granita into glasses and top with a drizzle of grenadine, or lemonade or limeade concentrate.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [], title: Beer Slush, picturelink: BBdqPtfaCB1kKi0AA8dJnFwEpdd0QT6}, 23856: {instructions: Using a stand mixer or a bowl and a spatula, mix together the cream cheese, herbs, garlic, mustard, and salt until combined. Form the mixture into a ball, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.nBefore serving, form the ball into a tree shape  like an egg shape, but pointier on top. Roll the treeshaped ball in the parsley, reshaping it with your hands as necessary. Decorate with bits of bell peppers and pomegranate seeds. Top with the slice of star fruit.nServe with crackers and crudites., ingredients: [16 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons chopped mixed fresh herbs, such as dill, oregano, andor thyme, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped, for coating, Red, orange, or yellow bell pepper bits, 1 slice star fruit, and pomegranate seeds, for decorating, Crackers and crudites, for serving], title: O Christmas Tree, picturelink: zfraggNU08KITAsx4Nr84S.xUQ5PgfG}, 23857: {instructions: Combine the flour, semolina and salt on a clean counter or in a mixing bowl. Incorporate the egg yolks, olive oil and 4 ounces water and continue to mix until a smooth ball of dough forms. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let rest on a counter for 20 to 30 minutes if rolling immediately. Alternatively, refrigerate overnight until ready to use bring to room temperature before rolling.nRoll, shape and cook as desired., ingredients: [13 ounces 00 flour, 5 ounces semolina, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 egg yolks, 1 ounce extravirgin olive oil], title: Semolina Pasta Dough, picturelink: null}, 23858: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly butter a 9 by 9inch baking dish.nIn a large bowl, mix together the apples, sugars, flour, cinnamon, vanilla, salt, nutmeg and lemon. Add the mixture to the prepared baking dish.nAdd all the topping ingredients to a medium bowl and combine well with a wooden spoon, to form a batter. Dollop the batter in various spots on top of the apple mixture. The batter will spread as it bakes. Put the cobbler in the oven and bake until the apples are tender and the crust is colored, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve with Ginger Whipped Cream.nAdd the cream and sugar to a medium bowl. Using a handheld electric mixer, beat the cream until stiff peaks form, about 2 to 3 minutes. Fold in the ginger. Cover and chill up to 4 hours before serving., ingredients: [Butter, for dish, 6 cups Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and diced, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, Pinch ground nutmeg, 12 lemon, juiced, Ginger Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 12 cup selfrising flour, 12 cup sugar, Pinch salt, Pinch ground ginger, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup whipping cream, chilled, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup candy ginger, minced], title: Big Daddys Apple Cobbler, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 23859: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial Equipment: 12 capacity cupcake tin, paper linersnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the cupcake tray with paper liners.nSift the flour, cocoa powder, cinnamon, salt, baking powder and baking soda in a large bowl. Set aside. In a small bowl, combine the buttermilk, butter and vanilla, set aside.nAdd the eggs and sugar to the bowl of a stand mixer with whisk attachment and beat until the mixture is thick and forms ribbons, about 5 minutes. With mixer on medium speed, slowly add the buttermilk mixture, until just incorporated. Fold in the flour mixture until just combined, then fold in the chocolate chips and cherries. Fill the cupcake tins 34 full with the batter. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cupcake comes out clean, about 15 to 17 minutes. Remove the cupcakes from the tin and cool for 10 minutes. Put a goodsized dollop of marshmallow cream on each cupcake, sprinkle with chocolate shavings and top with a cherry. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 13 cup buttermilk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 5 large eggs, room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 4 12 ounces, 34 cup dried cherries, roughly chopped, 4 ounces, 2 cups marshmallow cream, 14 cup bittersweet chocolate shavings, 12 maraschino cherries on the stem], title: Black Forest Cupcakes, picturelink: 5AlBbtfMv1WGir7pyk47.8k8iXKde1.}, 23860: {instructions: With a swivel bladed vegetable peeler shred the carrots into fettuccine like strands. In a large skillet heat the butter over moderately high heat, until the foam begins to subside, and cook the onion and the ham, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the carrot strands, garlic, and the wine and cook the mixture, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes, or until almost all the liquid is evaporated and the carrots are almost tender. Add the cream and the peas, bring the mixture to a boil, and simmer it, covered, for 5 minutes, or until the liquid is reduced by half. Stir in the mustard and salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 pound carrots, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup minced onion, 14 pound sliced cooked ham, cut into thin strips, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Carrot Fettuccine, picturelink: null}, 23861: {instructions: Make the peaches: Place the water, sugar, and vanilla bean in a medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until the sugar has dissolved. Once the sugar has dissolved, remove the vanilla bean and scrape the inside of the bean into the liquid. Add as many peaches to the pan as it will hold without piling or crowding, and poach over a low simmer for about 8 minutes or until the fruit is soft. Remove the peaches and finish poaching the remainder of the fruits. When done, place the peaches in a glass baking dish, cut side down. Pour the vanilla syrup over the peaches, and refrigerate until chilled, for up to 8 hours.nFor the yogurt: Place the water and sugar in a small saucepan, stir and simmer until sugar is dissolved. Add the mint leaves and simmer for 2 minutes, remove from heat, cover and let stand for 5 minutes. Strain and chill the syrup.nIn a bowl, whip the syrup and cream with a handheld mixer until stiff. In another bowl, whip the yogurt until smooth and fold it into the cream mixture.nTo serve the peaches: Place 2 peach halves in a shallow bowl, and dollop with some of the minted yogurt cream. Garnish with fresh mint sprigs and raspberries., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split, 8 peaches, split and seeds removed, 12 cup water, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup loosely packed mint leaves, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup fullfat Greek yogurt, Mint sprigs, for garnish, Raspberries, for garnish], title: Vanilla Poached Peaches with Whipped Minted Yogurt, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 23862: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the oats, flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and salt.nIn a stand mixer, mix the sugar and coconut oil until combined. Add the molasses and eggs and mix until combined. Add the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Fold in the raisins and walnuts.nUsing a 2tablespoon or 1ounce scoop, portion the dough onto the baking sheets, 12 to 1 inch apart. If you like chewier cookies, leave the dough as is. If you like crispier cookies, press down with a spoon to flatten. Bake until the edges are brown, about 15 minutes. Cool before serving., ingredients: [2 cups rolled oats, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup unrefined coconut oil, 6 tablespoons molasses not blackstrap molasses, 2 large eggs, 12 to 34 cup golden raisins, 12 cup chopped walnuts], title: Oatmeal Molasses Cookies, picturelink: Urcqk7FEMhLfKLFmpi4N445.xcfxN1q}, 23863: {instructions: Take a large saucepan and add milk, butter, sugar, cinnamon, and vanilla bean and seeds. Cook the rice in boiling water until al dente. Once the water has evaporated fold in milk mixture. Reduce heat to medium and cook for 10 minutes stirring regularly until rice is tender. Add the orange zest and pinch of salt. Stir well and remove from heat. The consistency should be more liquid than regular risotto. Finish with a light dust of cinnamon., ingredients: [2 quarts milk, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for dusting, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 1 cup Arborio rice, 1 12 cups water, 1 orange, zested, 1 teaspoon plus more for garnish, Pinch kosher salt], title: Arborio Rice Pudding, picturelink: 0TqzLBkwBFcAGBj9G1lXJj9qzQLUK6}, 23864: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the sliced garlic in the oil until it is brown, then set aside to cool.nPreheat a grill.nIn a mixing bowl, combine onions, tomatoes, jalapeno, zucchini, and leeks, and pour half of the remaining garlic oil on top. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nGrill the garlicoil vegetables over high heat until soft, and then cool.nSeason the tenderloin and rub with some of the oil mixture.nGrill the meat for 4 to 5 minutes per side, and set aside to rest.nCut all the grilled vegetables and the red pepper into large pieces. Toss with the remaining garlic oil, basil, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nPlate the meat with the vegetables., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, sliced, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 2 red onions, halved, 4 vine ripe tomatoes, halved, 1 jalapeno, roasted and peeled, 1 zucchini, quartered and seeds removed, 1 leek, root trimmed but intact, quartered lengthwise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounce tenderloin piece, butterflied in a spiral to look like a flank steak, 1 red pepper, roasted and peeled, 2 tablespoons chiffonaded basil], title: Churrasco with Open Fire Roasted Vegetable Salsa, picturelink: woLkJMBiOa2GjvftnsmKdBuA7aJxSC}, 23865: {instructions: For the cookies: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl and set aside.nIn the bowl of stand mixer, cream together the butter and chunky and smooth peanut butters. Add the brown and granulated sugars and beat for 3 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating for 1 minute after each addition. Add the flour mixture and mix until just combined.nPut some granulated sugar in a bowl. Scoop 14cup balls of dough into the bowl, roll the dough in the sugar and transfer to the prepared baking sheets, pressing each cookie flat with a fork. Bake until the edges are golden brown, 8 to 11 minutes. Let cool completely before filling with frosting.nFor the raspberry cream cheese frosting: Cream together the cream cheese, butter, jam and salt in a bowl with an electric mixer. Add the powdered sugar and beat until soft and creamy.nSpread approximately 2 tablespoons of frosting on one side of a cookie and sandwich together with another cookie. Repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup chunky peanut butter, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 1 cup lightly packed brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, plus more for rolling dough, 2 large eggs, 34 cup 6 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup raspberry jam, Pinch of kosher salt, 2 cups powdered sugar], title: Peanut Butter and Jelly Cookie Sandwich, picturelink: esULRuUi7aopvhAfgANKKukbj5Z5Nu}, 23866: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter on low heat, preferably in a double boiler, or, paying close attention, stirring regularly in a pot. Stir in the flour, incorporating it into the butter thoroughly until smooth. Slowly add the milk, stirring constantly. Cook on lowmedium heat, stirring regularly, until it reaches a silky, creamy consistency. Whisk in the salt, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, oregano, cayenne, nutmeg and cloves. Cook for 5 minutes. Whisk in the vinegar, adding slowly. Cook for another 5 minutes, whisking often., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup salted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 12 cups whole milk, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 14 teaspoons paprika, 34 teaspoon garlic powder, 34 teaspoon onion powder, 34 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 13 cup plus 2 teaspoons white vinegar], title: Creole Sauce, picturelink: Cd3VayIOk7BbFX22H6rndMRv0w57TBu}, 23867: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Spray 2 doughnut pans well.nInto a large bowl, sift together the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt. In a small bowl, whisk together the egg, milk, melted butter, and vanilla. Stir the wet mixture into the dry ingredients until just combined.nSpoon the batter into the baking pans, filling each one a little more than threequarters full. Bake for 17 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Allow to cool for 5 minutes, then tap the doughnuts out onto a sheet pan.nFor the topping, melt the 8 tablespoons of butter in an 8inch saute pan. Combine the sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl. Dip each doughnut first in the butter and then in the cinnamon sugar, either on one side or both sides., ingredients: [Baking spray with flour, such as Bakers Joy, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 extralarge egg, lightly beaten, 1 14 cups whole milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Cinnamon Baked Doughnuts, picturelink: rn7C4lFj0h0Swzgj3ns.2O7jEShNaBu}, 23868: {instructions: Rinse the fish under cold running water, pat dry, and place on a lightly oiled, heatproof platter that will fit in your steamer or a large roasting pan. Cut 3 deep diagonal gashes along each side of the fish, to allow the flavors to penetrate the meat. Sprinkle the inside cavity and outside of the fish with the salt, squeeze the lemon juice over the fish, drizzle with sesame oil, then stuff the slivered ginger and chopped garlic into the gashes. Scatter the scallions over the fish, and marinate at room temperature for 20 minutes.nFill the steamer or roasting pan with water to within an inch of the steamer rack, and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, and add the ginger chunks to the water. Place platter with fish on steaming rack, cover, and steam over low heat for 20 to 25 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fish plan on 10 minutes for each 1inch of thickness at its widest point.nAbout 5 minutes before the fish is done, heat the peanut oil and the sesame oil in a small saucepan until hot, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the soy sauce, lemon juice and sugar.nTest fish for doneness by poking with a fork or chopsticks. The fish meat should flake easily at its thickest part. Remove from the steamer, pour the hot oil mixture over the fish, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 whole 2 to 3 pound fish, such as sea bass, red snapper or rock cod, cleaned and gutted, with head and tail intact, 1 teaspoon salt, juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons peeled and slivered ginger, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 2 scallions, white and green parts, cut into slices on diagonal, 2 chunks ginger, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, Garnish: sliced scallions, black and white toasted sesame seeds], title: Steamed Whole Fish, picturelink: null}, 23869: {instructions: Add the gin, aperitif, vermouth and lemon peel to a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake until blended. Serve neatly in a cocktail glass., ingredients: [2 ounces gin, such as Hendricks, 1 to 2 ounces Italian orangeflavored aperitif, such as Aperol, 1 ounce sweet Italian vermouth, such as Carpano Antica, Lemon peel, Ice], title: Rachaels Negroni, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 23870: {instructions: Stir the ketchup, avocado, sour cream, jalapenos and lime juice together in a medium bowl until well combined but still chunky. Serve on a burger or use as a dipping sauce for fries., ingredients: [1 cup of your favorite ketchup, 12 cup mashed avocado, 14 cup sour cream, 12 jalapeno, minced, 12 lime, juiced], title: Guachup, picturelink: ve13EJnttEHHCtqWGBt0rE91O1cp0a}, 23871: {instructions: Put the chicken in a medium Dutch oven or heavy pot and add the bell pepper and chicken broth. Bring to a boil. Cover and reduce the heat to medium low gently simmer until the chicken is just cooked through, about 12 minutes. Transfer the chicken and bell pepper to a plate using a slotted spoon let cool. Shred the chicken.nAdd the beans to the pot with the broth. Increase the heat to high, cover and cook until crisptender, 7 minutes. Transfer the beans to a colander using a slotted spoon, reserving the broth in the pot rinse under cold water and let drain. Transfer to a medium bowl and toss with the lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil and 14 teaspoon salt.nMeanwhile, lightly toast the almonds in a dry skillet over medium heat, 1 to 2 minutes remove to a plate and set aside. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and the garlic to the skillet. Cook until softened, about 1 minute. Add the bread. Cook, stirring often, until golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer the garlic and bread to a blender or food processor along with the bell pepper, 12 cup of the warm broth, 1 tablespoon each capers and parsley, and 14 teaspoon salt. Puree until smooth transfer to a large bowl.nAdd the chicken to the red pepper sauce season with salt and toss. Top each serving with the remaining capers and parsley serve the green beans on the side, sprinkled with the almonds.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts about 8 ounces each, 1 red bell pepper, quartered, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 pounds green beans, trimmed, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed, 1 thick slice country bread, cut into cubes 1 14 cups, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: Chicken in Red Pepper Sauce, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 23872: {instructions: Your ribs may already be trimmed, or you can ask the butcher to trim them. To do it yourself, place the ribs meatside up on a cutting board. There is a line of fat at the base of the ribs cut along it to remove the cartilaginous rib tips. Turn the meat over, ribside up. Cut off the flap of meat on the inside of the ribs. The reason to remove these pieces is that they will burn, well before the ribs are done. You can season them and grill them over direct heat for about 15 minutes, turning once. They are delicious. With the ribside up, finesse a sharp knife under the tough membrane that covers the bones. Working from one rib to the next, pull the membrane off the rib. For a better grip, grab the membrane with a paper towel. The membrane may tear and you may have to start over, but be patient  removing the membrane allows the spices and smoke to penetrate the ribs, and makes the ribs much more attractive and easy to eat.nIn a shallow, nonreactive pan large enough to hold the ribs, mix together 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup cider, garlic, bay leaves, 2 tablespoons hot sauce and the salt. Put the ribs in this marinade, turn to coat, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 8 hours and up to 16 hours, turning once during this time.nRemove the ribs from the pan 2 hours before you are going to grill and pat dry. Discard the marinade. Sprinkle the ribs all over with 12 cup of the rub, patting it on with your fingers. Cover and refrigerate for about 1 12 hours. Remove the ribs from the refrigerator and let sit at room temperature for 12 hour before grilling.nMix the remaining 34 cup cider vinegar, 34 cup cider, and 1 tablespoon hot sauce. You will apply this mixture to the ribs once every hour or so with a spray bottle, a barbecue mop, a pastry brush or a longhandled spoon.nSoak about 3 cups of wood chips hickory, oak or apple for at least 12 hour in cold water.nPrepare a charcoal fire or preheat a gas grill for indirect grilling over low heat. Drain and add 1 cup of the wood chips.nGrill the ribs, covered, until they are crispy, and the meat has pulled back from the bone, 3 to 4 hours, depending on the heat of your grill. Spray or baste the ribs with the vinegarcider mixture every hour, and turn them once during grilling. Dont forget to add more wood chipsand, if using charcoal, more coalsas needed check every hour or so. You should have enough soaked wood chips for about 3 hours of cooking time if your ribs take longer, you will need to soak more chips.nIf the ribs are done before you are ready to eat, wrap them in heavyduty aluminum foil and leave them over very low, indirect heat for up to 1 hour.nRemove the ribs from the grill, spray or baste with any remaining basting liquid, and sprinkle with the remaining the 14 cup of rub. Serve as is, or with Vinegar Sauce.nMix together all of the ingredients in an airtight container and store at room temperature. The rub will keep for several months.nYield: about 1 cup, enough for 8 pounds of MemphisStyle Ribs.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together all of the ingredients. Use immediately, or cover and store in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nYield: about 2 12 cups, ingredients: [6 pounds spare ribs, 1 34 cups cider vinegar, 1 34 cups apple cider, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 2 bay leaves, 3 tablespoons Louisianastyle hot pepper sauce, 1 tablespoon salt, 34 cup BBQ Rub, recipe follows, 3 cups wood chips, Vinegar Sauce, recipe follows, optional, Excerpted from Al Rokers Big bad Book of Barbeque Scribners 2002. Copyright 2002, 6 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, such as kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 14 to 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups cider vinegar, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon Louisianastyle hot sauce, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon chili powder], title: MemphisStyle Ribs, picturelink: null}, 23873: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In large bowl combine blackberries, sugar and lemon juice together with 2 tablespoons of flour. Pour into deep dish pie plate. In separate bowl blend remaining 12 cup flour, brown sugar and butter. Mix until crumbly. Sprinkle over berries. Bake for 30 minutes until bubbly., ingredients: [4 cups fresh blackberries, 12 cup sugar, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons flour, plus 12 cup, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 stick butter], title: Fresh Blackberry Crisp, picturelink: HOBsFBc9fF3legHYRZG420MwD0v0Ima}, 23874: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSauce:nSaute the onion in oil in a heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat, until softened. Stir in the tomato sauce, brown sugar, apple cider vinegar, salt and pepper. Let simmer for 15 minutes.nFilling:nHeat the oil in a heavybottomed saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and brown. Once browned, add the garlic, onion, celery, and green bell pepper. Cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the chicken broth and cayenne. Stir in the cooked rice and parsley, mixing thoroughly and letting the broth reduce until there is no moisture left in the pan. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if necessary.nIn a large pot of boiling salted water, over medium heat, add the collard leaves and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold water.nLay a collard leaf out on a flat surface and add 14 cup of the dirty rice into the center. Fold both the sides into the center and the top and bottom over the center. Roll into a cylinder and repeat with the remaining leaves. If there are any remaining leaves you can chop them up and add to the sauce.nPour a 12inch layer of sauce into a 13 by 9inch casserole dish. Arrange the collard rolls, seam sides down, on top of the sauce. Pour the remaining sauce over the stuffed collards and cover with foil. Bake in the preheated oven for 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 28ounce can plain tomato sauce, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 pound pork sausage, casing removed, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 medium green bell pepper, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chicken broth, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 2 cups cooked rice, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 bunch collard greens, about 12 leaves, stalks discarded], title: Dirty Rice Stuffed Collards, picturelink: null}, 23875: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.n3 cups mixed greens, the darker the better not icebergnRub the inside of a large wooden bowl with the garlic clove and then either discard it or save it for another use. Put the mustard in the bowl and whisk in the balsamic vinegar and soy sauce a French secret vigorously for about 10 seconds to get a creamy consistency. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle in the olive oil as slowly as possible with 1 hand while whisking as quickly as possible with the other hand to emulsify. Lay the salad greens on top of the dressing and toss just before serving., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, sliced in 12, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Small splash soy sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Cafe Green Salad, picturelink: VXAigTBjZ1GJJliczGQLaOtMvaJs2}, 23876: {instructions: In a large saucepan, add potatoes to enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and boil for 8 minutes. Add green beans, return to a boil and cook for 2 minutes. Drain and cool slightly.nPlace potatoes and green beans in a serving bowl.nIn a small bowl, whisk together olive oil and next 5 ingredients. Pour over potato and green beans, tossing gently to coat. Cover and chill., ingredients: [1 3pound bag new potatoes, quartered, 1 pound fresh green beans, cut into bitesized pieces, 13 cup olive oil, 2 12 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon dried dill, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: New Potato and Green Been Salad, picturelink: UZb8tQmcXSPdsd3zfOpag43DzwrmFCG}, 23877: {instructions: Place a skillet over low heat and add the coriander seeds, cumin seeds, fenugreek seeds and black mustard seeds. Toast for 15 seconds until aromatic and then crush in a mortar and pestle.nPlace a large pot over medium heat and add the oil. When it is hot, add ginger, garlic and onions, and cook until very soft and beginning to turn golden, about 4 minutes. Add the curry leaves, garam masala and turmeric and continue to cook for 10 seconds. Add the tomato paste and stir well. Add the toasted spices, tomatoes, salt and pepper, buttermilk, potatoes and 1 cup water, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and let simmer until the potatoes are tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Taste for seasoning. Add salt and green chilies to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup dried curry leaves, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, A pinch of salt, A pinch of pepper, 5 cups buttermilk, 2 cups baby red potatoes, washed and cut in half, Minced green chilies], title: Traditional Vegetable Curry, picturelink: null}, 23878: {instructions: In a large nonreactive bowl, combine the jicama with the orange, lime, ad grapefruit juices, and the salt. Toss to mix and let sit, covered at room temperature for 1 hour.nAbout 15 minutes before serving, add the olive oil, apple, tangerines and cilantro to the bowl and toss thoroughly. Toss the mixture every few minutes until serving time. Season with the ground chile, taste for seasoning and toss again before serving. Scoop some salad into each lettuce and serve., ingredients: [1 small 1 pound jicama, peeled and cut into 14 by 1inch matchsticks, Juice of 1 orange, Juice of 1 lime, Juice of 12 grapefruit, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup olive oil, 1 red apple, cored and cut into 14 by 1inch matchsticks, 3 tangerines, peel and pith removed, cut into segments and halved, 12 small bunch cilantro, leaves only, finely chopped, 12 small arbol chile, stemmed, seeded, and ground to a powder, 6 pale inner leaves of romaine lettuce, for serving], title: Spicy Jicama Salad with Tangerine and Cilantro, picturelink: null}, 23879: {instructions: Combine the chicken, onion, garlic, ginger, soy sauce, juice and 1 teaspoon pepper in a large resealable plastic bag. Seal and shake to coat the chicken with the marinade. Refrigerate 1 hour or overnight.nPreheat a grill to medium high and oil the grate. Grill the chicken skinside down until marked, 5 to 6 minutes. Flip and continue to grill until cooked through, about 5 more minutes. Let rest 5 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [2 pounds skinon, boneless chicken thighs, 1 cup thinly sliced red onion, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced peeled ginger, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup fresh tangerine or orange juice, Freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for the grill], title: Dirty Ps GarlicGinger Chicken Thighs, picturelink: olnoxf4bOJ9FJbVolZpxNoRM5o1GOoe}, 23880: {instructions: Combine the lemon juice and sugar in a small saucepan with 12 cup water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the mixture is syrupy, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside to cool.nMake the ice cream cake: Brush a 5by9inch loaf pan with vegetable oil and line with plastic wrap. Scoop the lemon sherbet into the pan and spread into an even layer. Top with the vanilla ice cream in an even layer. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the ice cream and press with your hands to smooth the surface and firmly pack the ice cream. Freeze 30 minutes.nUncover the ice cream and arrange the ladyfingers in a single layer on top, trimming them as needed to fit. Brush the ladyfingers with half of the prepared lemon syrup. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours or overnight.nMake the meringue: Beat the egg whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until foamy, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat in the sugar, then increase the mixer speed to high and beat until stiff shiny peaks form, about 4 more minutes.nUncover the cake and invert onto a parchmentlined baking sheet let the pan stand overturned until the cake slips out. Remove the plastic wrap and cover the cake completely with the meringue, using the back of a spoon to make swirly peaks. Freeze until firm, at least 2 more hours.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Bake the cake until the meringue peaks are golden, 3 to 5 minutes, or brown the meringue with a kitchen torch. Let the cake soften 10 minutes at room temperature before slicing. Serve with the remaining lemon syrup for drizzling.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 cup fresh lemon juice from about 4 lemons, 12 cup sugar, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 1 12 quarts lemon sherbet, softened, 1 12 pints vanilla ice cream, softened, 8 to 12 soft ladyfingers, 6 large egg whites, at room temperature, Pinch of cream of tartar, 1 cup sugar], title: Lemon Meringue Baked Alaska, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 23881: {instructions: Can be found at specialty Asian marketsnServing suggestion: wasabi, sweet picked ginger, soy saucenIn a medium bowl, mix together the chopped salmon, sesame oil, soy sauce, and mint leaves. Place a sheet of nori, shiny side down, on a work surface. Place 14 cup of the rice on the left side of the nori sheet. Using wet fingers, form the rice into a 3inch square, leaving a 12inch border. Place about 2 tablespoons of the salmon mixture, diagonally, in a 12inch wide strip, on the rice, with the top of the salmon mixture facing the top left corner. Place a spear of asparagus on top of the salmon. Starting with the bottom left corner, roll the nori over the filling. Continue to roll, ice cream conefashion, working towards the right corner of the nori. Seal the edge of the hand roll with water or a few grains of the cooked rice. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nArrange on a serving platter and serve with wasabi, sweet pickled ginger and soy sauce.nYield: 8 hand rollsnCan be found at specialty Asian marketsnPlace the rice and water in a medium saucepan over high heat. Bring the mixture to a boil. Cover the pan and reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 25 minutes. Sprinkle the vinegar over the rice and mix with a fork. Transfer the cooked rice to a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Allow the rice to cool completely before using., ingredients: [1 5 ounce center cut salmon fillet, skin removed, finely chopped, 4 teaspoons sesame oil, 4 teaspoons soy sauce, 12 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 4 toasted nori sheets, cut in 12 lengthwise, 2 cups cooked Sushi Rice, recipe follows, 8 thin asparagus spears, trimmed to 5inches long, lightly steamed, 2 cups shortgrain sushi rice recommended: Kokuho Rose, 2 12 cups water, 14 cup seasoned rice vinegar], title: Fun Salmon Hand Roll, picturelink: b8GDEmoS7K1UGxev1IRfYnDQK3xOhi}, 23882: {instructions: SPREAD tortilla with mayonnaise top with remaining ingredients.nFOLD in opposite sides of tortilla, then roll up burritostyle.nServing Suggestion: Serve with a piece of fresh fruit and glass of fatfree milk to round out the meal.nVariation: For milder flavor, prepare using KRAFT Real Mayo Mayonnaise and a KRAFT DELI DELUXE Process American Cheese Slice.nKRAFT DELI DELUXE Process Jalapeno American is a pasteurized process American cheese with jalapeno peppers., ingredients: [1 whole wheat tortilla 8 inch, 1 Tbsp. KRAFT SANDWICH SHOP Hot  Spicy Flavored Mayonnaise, 1 KRAFT DELI DELUXE Process Jalapeno American Cheese Slice, cut in half, 6 slices OSCAR MAYER Deli Fresh Shaved Rotisserie Seasoned Chicken Breast, 4 thin cucumber slices, 14 cup shredded carrots, 1 Tbsp. cilantro leaves, 2 Tbsp. drained canned pineapple tidbits, 2 tsp. chopped PLANTERS COCKTAIL Peanuts], title: Kung Pao Chicken Wrap, picturelink: null}, 23883: {instructions: Make a small slice in the peppers and remove seeds. Set aside on paper toweling to dry.nHeat the vegetable oil in a skillet and saute zucchini, squash, eggplant, onion, and garlic until tender. Remove from heat and fold in bread crumbs and cheese, and set aside to let cool.nMix the flour, cornstarch, and baking powder in a bowl and add seltzer in a stream while whisking constantly. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat canola oil to 375 degrees F in a deep fryer.nStuff each pepper with a small amount of the vegetable stuffing. Then dip each stuffed pepper in the tempura coating and deepfry until golden brown. Drain on paper toweling and serve warm., ingredients: [16 to 24 medium pepperoncini peppers, drained, 18 cup vegetable oil, 1 zucchini, small dice, 1 yellow squash, small dice, 1 small eggplant, peeled and diced small, 1 small white onion, small dice, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup bread crumbs, or enough to bind stuffing, 4 ounces 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 8 ounces cold seltzer, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart canola oil approximately, as needed for deepfrying], title: Vegetarian Tempura Fried Peppers, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 23884: {instructions: In a 2quart bowl, fold the coffee liqueur into the chocolate mousse. Slice the cake into 12inch thick slices. Line a 3quart stainless steel mixing bowl with plastic wrap. Line the inside of the 3quart plasticlined bowl with one layer of the sliced cake. Then spread a layer of the chocolate mousse on the sliced cake. Then place a layer of the sliced strawberries on the chocolate mousse. Then layer a spoonful of soft ice cream. Keep repeating the layers until the bowl is filled to the top. Wrap the top of the bowl with plastic and freeze for 45 minutes to an hour, until the mousse has set.nWhen you are ready to serve, make the meringue by whisking the egg whites. When the egg whites are half way whipped, begin to rain in the sugar. Keep mixing until whites form a soft peak.nTo unmold the layered cake, remove the top piece of plastic wrap. Place the serving plate upside down on the top of the bowl. Flip and remove the bowl. Remove the plastic that lined the bowl and spread the meringue over the whole exposed cake layer. Use a blowtorch to caramelize the meringue to a light golden color.nSlice the dessert in wedges like a pie and serve.nIn a stainless steel bowl over a double boiler, melt together the chocolate, butter, vanilla, and the 2 tablespoons of water. Remove from heat when melted.nIn a separate stainless steel bowl over a double boiler, whisk together the egg yolks, the 3 tablespoons of water and 3 tablespoons of sugar. Whisk until it thickens and doubles in size. Be sure to not let the egg yolks cook onto the sides of the bowl. You must constantly stir the egg yolk mixture when the bowl is placed over heat. Place the egg yolk mixture bowl in a ice water bath to cool, and bring down mixture to room temperature. Once it is cooled, fold the egg yolk mixture into the chocolate mixture.nIn a third bowl, whisk the egg whites, cream of tartar, and the 4 tablespoons of sugar together until stiff peaks form. Fold the egg whites into the chocolate mixture. Be careful to not overmix the mixture and break down the fluffiness of the peaks.nIn a fourth bowl, whisk the heavy cream until soft peaks form. Fold the whipped heavy cream into the chocolate mixture, again being careful to not over mix and break down the whipped ingredients. Refrigerate for an hour before use.nPropane Gas Torch Warning: Propane gas torches are highly flammable and should be kept away from heat or flame, and should not be exposed to prolonged sunlight. Propane gas torches should only be used in wellventilated areas. When lighting a propane gas torch, place the torch on a flat, steady surface, facing away from you. Light the match or lighter and then open the gas valve. Light the gas jet, and blow out the match. Always turn off the burner valve to finger tight when finished using the torch. Children should never use a propane gas torch without adult supervision., ingredients: [3 cups chocolate mousse, recipe follows, 12 cup coffee liqueur, 1 regular sized pound cake or angel food cake, 2 cups favorite vanilla ice cream, 1 pint fresh strawberries, leaves removed, sliced, 4 egg whites, 12 cup granulated sugar, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons water, plus 3 tablespoons, 3 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons sugar, plus 4 tablespoons, 3 egg whites best whipped at room temperature, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Baked Alaska, picturelink: null}, 23885: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Wrap pork in aluminum foil and place in a broiler pan. Cook for 7 hours, about 1 hour per pound. Remove from oven and let stand for 1 hour.nWearing heavy rubber gloves, pull skin from the meat and discard. Remove most of the fat and all of the bone. Cut meat into 8ounce chunks and place in large pan.nPlace meat on a charcoal fire and cook, covered, for another 30 to 45 minutes, until well smoked, turning meat over every 10 to 15 minutes. Pour barbecue sauce over meat during the last 10 to 15 minutes of cooking.nRemove meat from the grill and chop into bite size pieces. Serve with additional barbecue sauce if desired.nMix all ingredients in a 6quart stainless steel pot. Bring to a boil, then simmer, about 15 minutes. Turn off heat and let stand, about 30 minutes. Sauce can be refrigerated for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [7 pound pork shoulder, bone in, 1 pint Als barbecue sauce, recipe follows, 1 gallon apple cider vinegar, 1 28ounce bottle ketchup, 22 ounces light brown sugar, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup salt, 12 cup crushed red pepper, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cloves], title: North Carolina Easy Chopped Barbecue, picturelink: null}, 23886: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots and onion and cook, stirring constantly, until the onion is lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, tomato paste and 1 tablespoon salt and cook 1 more minute. Add 7 cups water, cover and bring to a boil. Uncover, reduce the heat and simmer 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, trim the green beans and zucchini and cut into 12inch pieces. Stir into the prepared broth along with the beans and spaghetti. Simmer until the pasta is al dente, about 10 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, whisk 13 cup pesto into the soup. Ladle into bowls and top with the remaining pesto. Sprinkle with parmesan and serve with bread, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 carrots, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 pound green or yellow wax beans, 1 small zucchini or yellow summer squash, 1 15ounce can white beans or chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 12 cup broken spaghetti or other small pasta, 34 cup storebought pesto, Grated parmesan cheese and crusty bread, for serving optional], title: Pistou Soup, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 23887: {instructions: Discard 1 or 2 outer leaves of lemon grass and trim root ends. Finely chop enough lemon grass from lower 6 inches of stalks to measure 14 cup total.nIn a small saucepan combine lemon grass and 1 cup tomato water and simmer uncovered, 10 minutes. Pour mixture through a fine sieve into another small saucepan, discarding solids, and stir in gelatin. Heat mixture over low heat, stirring until gelatin is dissolved. In a large bowl stir gelatin mixture into remaining 5 cups tomato water. Chill tomatowater mixture, covered, at least 8 hours and up to 1 day. Discard rind and seeds from watermelon and finely chop enough fruit to measure 34 cup.nDivide soup among 6 bowls and just before serving add watermelon, chives, and mintnRinse tomatoes well under running water and quarter. In a food processor puree tomatoes with salt until smooth. Line a large sieve set over a tall nonreactive kettle with cheesecloth and carefully pour tomato puree into center of cheesecloth. Gather sides of cheesecloth up over puree to form a large sack and, without squeezing puree, gently gather together upper thirds of cheesecloth to form a neck. Carefully tie neck securely with kitchen string. Tie sack to a wooden spoon longer than diameter of kettle and remove sieve. Put spoon across top of kettle, suspending sack inside kettle and leaving enough room underneath sack so that it will not sit in tomato water that accumulates. Let sack hang in refrigerator at least 8 hours.nWithout squeezing sack, discard it and its contents and transfer tomato water to a bowl. Tomato water keeps, covered and chilled, 4 days. Yield: about 6 cups, ingredients: [3 stalks fresh lemon grass, 6 cups tomato water recipe follows, 1 12 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 1inchthick slice watermelon, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 4 pounds vineripened red tomatoes about 10 medium, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 18inchsquare pieces cheesecloth], title: Chilled Lemon GrassTomato Soup, picturelink: null}, 23888: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat large saute pan with oil. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Brown chicken over medium heat, allow 7 minutes each side or until no longer pink. Sprinkle chicken with cumin, garlic powder and Mexican spices before turning. Remove chicken to a platter, allow to cool.nSaute onion and garlic in chicken drippings until tender. Add corn and chiles. Stir well to combine. Add canned tomatoes, saute 1 minute.nPull chicken breasts apart by hand into shredded strips. Add shredded chicken to saute pan, combine with vegetables. Dust the mixture with flour to help set.nMicrowave tortillas on high for 30 seconds. This softens them and makes them more pliable. Coat the bottom of 2 13 by 9inch pans with a ladle of enchilada sauce. Using a large shallow bowl, dip each tortilla in enchilada sauce to lightly coat. Spoon 14 cup chicken mixture in each tortilla. Fold over filling, place 8 enchiladas in each pan with seam side down. Top with remaining enchilada sauce and cheese.nBake for 15 minutes in a preheated 350 degree F oven until cheese melts. Garnish with cilantro, scallion, sour cream and chopped tomatoes before serving. Serve with Spanish rice and beans., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 pounds skinless boneless chicken breast, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons cumin powder, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon Mexican Spice Blend, 1 red onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, 5 canned whole green chiles, seeded and coarsely chopped, 4 canned chipotle chiles, seeded and minced, 1 28ounce can stewed tomatoes, 12 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 16 corn tortillas, 1 12 cups enchilada sauce, canned, 1 cup shredded Cheddar and Jack cheeses, Garnish: chopped cilantro leaves, chopped scallions, sour cream, chopped tomatoes], title: Chicken Enchiladas, picturelink: tYz7oxS7EFneo7JBlkGHjPN0sE3w3Ti}, 23889: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill to high heat.nPlace ribeye steaks on a large platter and season with rub on all sides. Transfer seasoned steaks to the hot grill, and cook for 4 to 6 minutes on each side for mediumrare, longer if desired. Remove steaks and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes before serving.nIn a small bowl, combine all ingredients, to taste. Adjust the ratio of spices to your preference., ingredients: [4 choice ribeye steaks, Ribeye rub, recipe follows, Salt and ground black pepper, Chili powder, Cayenne pepper], title: Ribeye Steak, picturelink: vJKuEDuOhIO1QPfruV7UG55KgM1kkUO}, 23890: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSlice off the very top of the garlic head. Drizzle the head with olive oil and wrap in foil. Place on a sheet tray and bake until tender and fragrant, roughly 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Remove the cloves and mash with a wooden spoon.nAdd the olive oil, basil, mint, beans, lemon juice, and some salt and pepper to a food processor and pulse until smooth. For a smooth texture, leave the machine running for a moment. Serve with the vegetables and baked tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 head garlic, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for roasting garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, Two 14ounce cans white beans, rinsed and drained, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Assorted cutup raw vegetables, such as carrots, celery and peppers, for serving, Baked tortilla chips, for serving], title: White Bean and Roasted Garlic Dip, picturelink: 8BnMJtH4IVNT1.p33YwgNiPiu5d3uz2}, 23891: {instructions: Combine 1 cup butter and sugar in large bowl beat at medium speed until creamy. Add egg, whipping cream, 1 teaspoon rum extract and vanilla continue beating until well mixed. Reduce speed to low add all remaining cookie ingredients. Beat until well mixed.nDivide dough in half. Shape each half into a ball flatten slightly. Wrap each in plastic food wrap refrigerate until firm 2 to 3 hours.nHeat oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out dough on lightly floured surface, onehalf at a time keeping remaining dough refrigerated, to 14inch thickness. Cut with 2 14inch snowflakeshaped cookie cutters. Place 1 inch apart onto ungreased cookie sheets. Bake for 6 to 8 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Remove to wire cooling rack. Cool completely.nCombine powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons butter, corn syrup and 14 teaspoon rum extract in small bowl. Beat at medium speed, adding enough water for desired glazing consistency.nPlace wire cooling rack with cookies over waxed paper. Brush glaze over cookies decorate as desired. Let stand until set., ingredients: [1 cup LAND O LAKESu00ae Butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 LAND O LAKESu00ae AllNatural Egg, 2 tablespoons whipping cream or milk, 1 teaspoon rum extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 cup powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons LAND O LAKESu00ae Butter, softened, 2 teaspoons light corn syrup, 14 teaspoon rum extract, 3 to 5 tablespoons water, Decorator sugars, dragu00e9es or frosting, as desired], title: Eggnog Snowflakes, picturelink: null}, 23892: {instructions: Soak dried fruits in the agruadiente for at least 30 minutes. Slice pork loin in half without going all the way through butterflied set aside. In a hot pan cook ham 5 minutes until crispy. Add onion, carrot, and celery, cook 10 minutes until caramelized. Add spices, drained dried fruits, and parsley mix thoroughly set aside to cool. In a blender puree tamarind, garlic, chipotle, vinegar, sugar, bay leaves and water. Rub puree over pork. Place stuffing inside pocket of pork secure with butcher twine. Roast in preheated 375 degree oven for 1 hour or until meat registers 170 degrees. Slice and serve., ingredients: [14 cup dried apricots, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 14 cup dried apple, 2 cups agruadiente anise flavor liqueur, 1 whole boneless pork loin, 1 cup dried serrano ham, 14inch dice, 14 cup diced onion, 14 cup diced carrot, 14 cup diced celery, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 14 cup chopped parsley, 14 pound tamarind pulp without seeds, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 can chipotle in adobo, 1 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 bay leaves, 14 cup water], title: Tamarind Adobe Pork Loin with Dry Fruit Relleno Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 23893: {instructions: Soak dried mushrooms in hot water for 15 minutes. Strain mushrooms through a sieve, reserving liquid. While the mushrooms are soaking, cook tortellini according to package directions.nWhile the tortellini is cooking, heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add shallots and garlic and cook 3 minutes, stirring with spoon until soft. Add oregano and bay leaves and cook 1 minute, until fragrant. Add porcini mushrooms and reserved mushroom soaking liquid and bring to a simmer, for 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium, add heavy cream and simmer 2 minutes to heat through. Remove bay leaves with tongs, add tortellini to the mushrooms and cook 1 minute, to heat through. Remove from heat and stir in cheese and parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 1 cup hot water, 1 pound cheese tortellini, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup shallots, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 bay leaves, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup grated Pecorino Romano or Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Cheese Tortellini with Porcini Pecorino Sauce, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 23894: {instructions: 1 Combine the pineapple, water, and parsley in a blender jar and blend until very smooth. Taste, and if you think it needs sweetener, add 1 tablespoon sugar and continue blending, tasting, and adding more if desired.n2 Pour into a pitcher and serve cold, either refrigerated or over ice. You can also strain it, if you dont like the little parsley pieces. I do., ingredients: [2 cups roughly chopped, very ripe fresh pineapple, 1 quart cold water, 13 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, Sugar to taste], title: Agua de Pina con Perejil PineappleParsley Cooler, picturelink: ZdMeZUp2TVmTlS4w2F3o3TqDTi.Gys6}, 23895: {instructions: Adjust the seasoning on both tomato mixtures. Serve them, accompanied by the grilled bread slices, letting guests top their bruschettas to taste., ingredients: [1 thick baguette, about 22inches long, end trimmed, loaf angle cut into 36 12inch slices, 13 cup olive oil, 2 large ripe tomatoes, about 1 pound total, trimmed, seeded and diced 14inch, 14 cup finely chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons drained small nonpareil capers, 1 tablespoon cold pressed extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced lemon zest, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and crushed through a press, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 large ripe yellow tomatoes, 1 pound, trimmed, seeded and diced 14inch, 3 ounces smoked mozzarella, diced 14inch, at room temperature, 14 cup chopped drained pimento stuffed green olives, 14 cup chopped fennel bulb, 14 cup finely chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon cold pressed extra virgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and crushed through a press, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: 2 Tomato Basil Bruschettas, picturelink: null}, 23896: {instructions: Toast the cardamom pods in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add 3 cups water, the sugar and ginger and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the mixture is reduced to 2 cups, about 10 minutes.nStrain the syrup into a glass measuring cup if you have less than 2 cups syrup, add hot water. Add the tea bags and steep, about 3 minutes. Discard the bags and cool the syrup to room temperature dont squeeze the bags or the syrup will taste tannic.nCombine the syrup, gin, vermouth and bitters in a large cocktail shaker with ice. Shake until frothy, about 15 seconds, then pour into a pitcher filled with ice. Garnish with orange andor lemon twists.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [1 tablespoon cardamom pods, 14 cup sugar, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and chopped, 3 bags black tea preferably English breakfast or orange pekoe, 6 ounces gin, 1 ounce sweet vermouth, 5 dashes orange bitters, Orange andor lemon twists, for garnish], title: HighTea Cocktail, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 23897: {instructions: In a small bowl, dissolve the yeast and honey in 14cup warm water.nIn a mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour and the salt. Add the oil, the yeast mixture, and the remaining 34 cup of water and mix on low speed until the dough comes cleanly away from the sides of the bowl and clusters around the dough hook, about 5 minutes. The pizza dough can also be made in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pulse once or twice, add the remaining ingredients, and process until the dough begins to form a ball.nTurn the dough out onto a clean work surface and knead by hand 2 or 3 minutes longer. The dough should be smooth and firm. Cover the dough with a clean, damp towel and let it rise in a warm spot for about 30 minutes. When ready, the dough will stretch as it is lightly pulled.nDivide the dough into 4 balls, about 6 ounces each. Work each ball by pulling down the sides and tucking under the bottom of the ball. Repeat 4 or 5 times. Then on a smooth, unfloured surface, roll the ball under the palm of your hand until the top of the dough is smooth and firm, about 1 minute. Cover the dough with a damp towel and let rest 15 to 20 minutes. At this point, the balls can be wrapped in plastic and refrigerated for up to 2 days.nPlace a pizza stone on the middle rack of the oven and preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nTo prepare each pizza, dip the ball of dough into flour, shake off the excess flour, place the dough on a clean, lightly floured surface, and start to stretch the dough. Press down on the center, spreading the dough into an 8inch circle, with the outer border a little thicker than the inner circle. If you find this difficult to do, use a small rolling pin to roll out the dough. Lightly brush the inner circle of the dough with oil and arrange the topping of your choice over the inner circle.nUsing a lightly floured bakers peel or a rimless flat baking tray, slide the pizza onto the baking stone and bake until the pizza crust is nicely browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Remember that the oven is very hot and be careful as you place the pizza into and out of the oven. Transfer the pizza to a firm surface and cut into slices with a pizza cutter or very sharp knife. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 package active dry or fresh yeast, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 cup warm water, 105 to 115 degrees, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus additional for brushing, Toppings of your choice], title: Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 23898: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Toss the tomatillos and tomatoes with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil on a baking sheet and push to one side. Put the poblanos and jalapenos on the other side of the baking sheet. Broil, turning the vegetables occasionally, until charred, about 10 minutes. Transfer the tomatillos and tomatoes to a cutting board and let cool. Put the peppers in a bowl and cover with a plate set aside 10 minutes. Pull the skins off the tomatoes, then core and chop them along with the tomatillos. Peel, seed and chop the peppers set all the vegetables aside.nToss the pork with the chili powder, cumin, 2 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over medium heat. Working in batches, add the pork to the pot and cook, turning, until browned, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, the onion and garlic to the pot cook, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle in the cornmeal and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Add the broiled tomatillos, tomatoes and peppers. Stir to combine, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Add the broth and pork and any collected juices, then bring to a simmer.nCover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the pork is tender, about 1 12 hours. Uncover, season generously with salt and continue simmering, stirring occasionally, until the liquid reduces slightly, about 30 more minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand about 10 minutes spoon off any excess fat from the top. Season the chili with salt and pepper and serve with toppings.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 pound tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 2 plum tomatoes, 14 cup vegetable oil, 4 poblano chile peppers, 2 jalapeno peppers, 3 pounds boneless pork shoulder, trimmed of excess fat, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons cornmeal, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Sliced scallions, pickled jalapenos andor grated cheddar cheese, for topping], title: Pork and Tomatillo Chili, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 23899: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nPlace a small metal bowl over a saucepan with simmering water. Melt the chocolate and butter in the bowl. Stir in vanilla.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine sugar, flour and salt. Sift these into the chocolate and mix well with electric hand mixer. Add eggs one at time, fully incorporating each egg before adding the next. Beat at high until batter is creamy and lightens in color, approximately 4 minutes. Chill mixture.nCoat the top and each cup of the muffin tin with butter. Dust with the cocoa powder and shake out excess. Spoon mixture into pan using a 4ounce scoop or ladle. Bake for 10 to 11 minutes. Outsides should be cakelike and centers should be gooey.nWhile muffins are in oven, melt the ice cream in a small saucepan. Stir in the espresso powder. Serve over warm muffins., ingredients: [8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 1 stick butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 eggs, Butter, to coat muffin tin, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 1 cup vanilla ice cream, 1 teaspoon espresso powder], title: Chocolate Lava Muffins, picturelink: null}, 23900: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil in a Dutch oven or soup pot over mediumhigh heat, add the chorizo and render 2 minutes. Then add the potato, onion, carrot, garlic, chile pepper, thyme, and bay leaf, soften 5 to 6 minutes. Wilt in the kale and season with a little nutmeg. Stir in the chickpeas, tomatoes, and stock into the pot, bring to a low boil and season with salt and pepper, if necessary. Cool and store for makeahead meal.nHeat the chorizo and vegetable sauce base to a low boil, when ready to serve. Add the shrimp and cook until pink and firm. Add the juice of 1 lemon and turn off the heat. Serve the shrimp and chorizo in shallow bowls garnished with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, and warm Portuguese rolls alongside., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces chorizo, casing removed and chopped, 1 starchy potato, peeled and chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped or thinly sliced, 1 Fresno or Holland pepper, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 small bunch flatleaf kale, leaves stripped and chopped, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 15ounce can chick peas, drained, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes or diced tomatoes with chiles, 3 cups chicken stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds medium shrimp, deveined and stemmed, Juice of 1 lemon, Portuguese rolls, for serving], title: Portuguese Fishermans Shrimp and Chorizo, picturelink: c0aonqU69cyVnQQAIYjCxTR9BaePBP2}, 23901: {instructions: Soak the purple corn in the 10 cups of cold water overnight. Transfer the corn to a large pot and measure the soaking liquid. Add enough water to make 15 cups. Pour the liquid back over the corn, and add the pineapple, quince, cinnamon sticks, cloves, lemon juice and sugar. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for 2 to 2 12 hours.nRemove from the heat, remove the corn cobs and strain the mixture, pressing against the strainer with a spoon to extract all the juice from the fruits and spices. There should be about 8 cups of liquid. If not, place the corn and fruit in a saucepan with water just to cover and simmer for about 20 minutes. Strain and add amount needed to total 8 cups. Discard the corn and fruit. Place the liquid in a heavy saucepan, reserving 1 cup of the liquid.nAdd the dried prunes, cherries and apricots to the 7 cups of liquid.nIn a small bowl, combine the reserved 1 cup of liquid and the sweet potato flour or cornstarch. Mix thoroughly with a fork until dissolved. Pour this mixture back into the saucepan with the liquid and dried fruits. Bring to a boil over medium heat, whisking until the mixture is thick, about 25 minutes.nRemove from the heat and pour the pudding into a deep 2 quart serving dish or individual ramekins. Let cool. To serve, dust the top with ground cinnamon.nServe the pudding with crema., ingredients: [2 pounds dried purple corn on the cob maiz morado, 10 cups water, 1 pineapple, washed, stem and bottom removed, diced with skin on, 2 fresh quince or green apples, washed and chopped with skins on, 2 cinnamon sticks, 8 whole cloves, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup dried prunes, 12 cup dried cherries, 12 cup dried apricots, 1 12 cups sweet potato flour or 34 cup cornstarch, Ground cinnamon for garnish, Crema], title: Mazamorra Morada Purple Pudding, picturelink: null}, 23902: {instructions: For the gnocchi:nMix ricotta and egg together. Sift flour and salt, and then fold into the ricotta mixture. Add chives. Rest the dough for couple of hours and shape them as required. Cook them in salted water until they float.nFor the butternut puree:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRoast the diced butternut squash slightly in a pan, cover with aluminum foil and leave it in the oven for 7 to 8 minutes. When soft, strain excess water, add cinnamon honey and blend into a puree, pass it through the fine strainer and season with saltnFor salad:nMix together with vinaigrette and top up the plated fish.nFor the Fish:nSeason rock fish with salt and pepper. Put oil in a preheated pan sear the side of the fish that will be presented first. When golden brown in color turn to the other side and add stock, butter and braise until the fish is cooked, sprinkle with lemon juice and baste the fish with the emulsion. In another pan sear cooked gnocchi on both sides. Add cleaned chanterelles, season and coat with the foaming butter.nServe with butternut squash and salad., ingredients: [16 ounces ricotta strained overnight, 1 egg, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 4 teaspoons chopped chives, 1 34 cups butternut, peeled and diced, 3 12 tablespoons cinnamon honey, Salt, 3 12 tablespoons julienned carrots, 3 12 tablespoons julienned Daikon, 3 12 tablespoons julienned snow peas, Vinaigrette of choice, 4 6ounce boneless, skinned rockfish, Salt and pepper, 14 cup oil, 6 12 ounces fish stock, 7 tablespoons butter, Lemon juice, 34 cup chanterelles], title: Braised Rock Fish, Butternut Puree, Ricotta Gnocchi, picturelink: OuarwUU9tnjNvVJWTHAmgksgmr.Gx0q}, 23903: {instructions: To make the gazpacho: Add the diced cucumbers, tomatillos, onions, and garlic to a mixing bowl. Pour in the olive oil, and sprinkle with the salt, and black pepper, to taste. Stir to combine and set aside to allow the flavors to blend. To make the scallops: Score the scallops with a small knife in a checkerboard pattern.nIn a hot pan, add enough canola oil to line the bottom and sear the scallops on both sides until barely cooked through, about 30 seconds per side. Once cooked, they should just lose their translucent color. Serve the scallops by arranging the scallop shells on a platter. Place a dollop of the gazpacho onto each shell, and then top with a single seared scallop. Add a drizzle of olive oil and, lastly, a dusting of salt, and pepper., ingredients: [4 Lebanese cucumbers or 12 English cucumber, peeled and small diced, 3 canned tomatillos, peels removed and, quartered, or 3 fresh tomatillos, peeled and diced, 3 green onions, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced, 14 cup olive oil, Coarse or kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 5 sea scallops, shells reserved, Canola Oil, for frying, Olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: PanGrilled Scallops on Green Gazpacho, picturelink: null}, 23904: {instructions: Cook grits according to package instructions. As grits are finishing, whisk in butter, cheddar, Parmesan, cayenne, paprika, and hot sauce. After ingredients are incorporated, season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCook grits according to package instructions. As grits are finishing, whisk in butter, cheddar, Parmesan, cayenne, paprika, and hot sauce. After ingredients are incorporated, season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCook bacon until it begins to brown. Remove from heat and strain. Reserve bacon grease and bacon bits. Heat large skillet until very hot, add olive oil and 2 tablespoons bacon fat. As oils begin to smoke, toss in shrimp to cover the bottom of pan. Before stirring, season with salt and pepper. Stir until shrimp being to turn pink all over. Stir in minced garlic and bacon bits, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add mushrooms and toss to coat with oil. Add wine and lemon juice and stir until well coated and incorporated about 80 seconds. Toss in sliced scallions and stir for about 20 seconds do not overcook. Serve with cheese grits.nCook bacon until it begins to brown. Remove from heat and strain. Reserve bacon grease and bacon bits. Heat large skillet until very hot, add olive oil and 2 tablespoons bacon fat. As oils begin to smoke, toss in shrimp to cover the bottom of pan. Before stirring, season with salt and pepper. Stir until shrimp being to turn pink all over. Stir in minced garlic and bacon bits, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add mushrooms and toss to coat with oil. Add wine and lemon juice and stir until well coated and incorporated about 80 seconds. Toss in sliced scallions and stir for about 20 seconds do not overcook. Serve with cheese grits., ingredients: [1 cup quick grits, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup grated extrasharp white cheddar, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Salt and pepper, Shrimp Mixture, recipe follows, 1 cup quick grits, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup grated extrasharp white cheddar, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Salt and pepper, Shrimp Mixture, recipe follows, 2 cups chopped smoked bacon, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds shrimp 26 to 30 count, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 cups sliced white mushrooms, 3 tablespoons white wine, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 cups sliced scallions, 2 cups chopped smoked bacon, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds shrimp 26 to 30 count, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 cups sliced white mushrooms, 3 tablespoons white wine, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 cups sliced scallions], title: Shrimp and Hot Sauce Cheese Grits, picturelink: null}, 23905: {instructions: Preheat a cast iron pan or heavy bottomed skillet over medium high heat. Brush the salmon fillets with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook salmon until just cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side.nWhile salmon cooks, bring wine, vinegar, citrus juices and brown sugar to a boil over high heat. Reduce glaze 3 or 4 minutes, until thickened. Remove from heat. Stir in 12 teaspoon coarse black pepper.nIn a second skillet, bring 12inch water to a boil with green beans and pieces of orange andor lemon rind. Cover the green beans and cook 3 or 4 minutes. Drain the beans and toss with a drizzle of oil optional and season with salt and pepper.nDrizzle glaze over salmon fillets and serve with citrus green beans., ingredients: [4 6 ounce portions salmon fillets, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing fish, Salt and pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons orange juice, a splash, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 pound green beans, trimmed, Orange slices or lemon rind], title: Pan Seared Salmon with Citrus Vinegar Glaze and Green Beans, picturelink: mQbNDk8MrmZiTYhf2wtg8g.P0RS5a}, 23906: {instructions: Have ready an instantread thermometer in a cup of hot water. In a metal bowl with a whisk or a handheld electric mixer beat together all ingredients until combined well. Set bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water and beat mixture until tripled in volume and thermometer registers 140 degrees, about 5 minutes. To ensure that eggs are cooked, beat mixture 3 minutes more. Serve zabaglione immediately., ingredients: [3 large egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons dry Marsala], title: Classic Zabaglione, picturelink: null}, 23907: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a bowl, combine the peaches, cornstarch or flour, brown sugar, lemon juice and salt, tossing gently. Carefully fold in the blackberries and transfer the mixture to an 8cup baking dish. Set aside.nTopping: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or hand mixer or your fingertips, mix the flour, salt, brown sugar, baking powder, ginger, cinnamon, and mace or nutmeg. Add the butter and mix until coarse and crumbly. Add 34 cup of milk and mix just until combined. Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead a few times to smooth it out. Form into a ball and roll out into the shape and size of the baking dish, about 12inch thick. Place the dough on top of the prepared fruit.nBrush the top of the dough with the remaining tablespoon of milk and sprinkle with the granulated sugar. Place the cobbler on a sheetpan to catch any juices that may boil over. Bake until the top is golden brown and juices are bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [8 to 12 peaches, peeled, pitted, and cut into 1inch chunks, 2 tablespoons cornstarch or flour, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Pinch salt, 2 cups blackberries, Topping, recipe follows, 2 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon dried ginger, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 pinches mace or nutmeg, 6 tablespoons 34 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon milk, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: PeachBlackberry Cobbler, picturelink: X.GpZmroQ5HdRfz3jeRyzIbh.vUuiC}, 23908: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake vigorously until chilled and well combined. Put a scoop of ice in a highball or cooler glass. Pour cocktail over ice. Zest an orange to make a twist. Rub around rim of glass, twist and place in glass to garnish., ingredients: [12 oz. Cointreau or orange liqueur, 1 12 oz. Grappa, 14 oz. Creme de Cassis or blackcurrant liqueur, 12 oz. freshsqueezed juice from 12 lemon, Splash of simple syrup, Ice, Orange zest for garnish], title: Orange Currant PickMeUp, picturelink: ZObze8RCKcKSXIrhc8PM8MnCZF4YMzm}, 23909: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBrush the flesh of the squash with a little butter and season with 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper. On a sheet pan lay the squash flesh side up. Roast for about 30 to 35 minutes or until the flesh is nice and soft.nScoop the flesh from the skin into a pot and add the stock, honey, and ginger. Bring to a simmer and puree using a stick blender. Stir in the heavy cream and return to a low simmer. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg., ingredients: [6 cups about 2 large squash seeded 2inch wide chunks butternut squash, Melted butter, for brushing, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, plus 12 teaspoon, 3 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 4 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 4 ounces heavy cream, 14 teaspoon nutmeg], title: Squash Soup, picturelink: eaODNPsswz7WdPouDPiEMYE28A0Dbr6}, 23910: {instructions: Combine the olive oil, garlic, tomatoes, saffron and basil in a large dish or bowl. Add the pieces of fish and shellfish to the oil and combine well so that all the fish and shellfish are equally coated with the marinade mixture. Refrigerate the fish and allow to marinate over night or for several hours.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Put the fish broth into a large soup pot or casserole that is stovetop safe, bring the stock to a boil, and reduce to a simmer. Gently simmer the broth for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, make croutons and rouille: Brush one side of each French bread slice with olive oil, sprinkle with cracked pepper, and toast in oven about 12 minutes or until crisp. For the rouille: Combine the cayenne pepper, garlic, sliced potato and hot broth in a saucepan and cook for 17 minutes or until the potato is cooked and soft. Transfer the mixture to a blender and, while pureeing, slowly drizzle in the olive oil. Transfer this to a serving bowl and serve along side the croutons. Add the clams and mussels into the broth. Cook for 10 minutes, or until the clams begin to open. Season the lobster, shrimp and fish with salt and pepper and add to broth. Allow the fish to cook for 6 to 8 minutes after the broth has returned to a simmer. Do not boil the fish. Serve hot., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped garlic, 12 cup canned plum tomatoes, drained, seeded and diced, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 10 to 12 large fresh basil leaves, shredded, 2 pounds assorted fish such as, snapper, halibut, sea bass, monkfish skinned and boned, cut into large chunks, 1 pound fresh shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 littleneck clams, washed well, in the shell, 24 mussels, well washed in the shell, 2 small lobsters, raw in the shell, cut into pieces, 3 quarts bouillabaisse fish broth recipe follows, 1 teaspoon each salt and freshly ground pepper, French baguette, slices 14inch thick slices, 14 cup olive oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons cracked black pepper, 2 fresh cayenne peppers or red jalapenos, 3 large garlic cloves, 1 russet potato, peeled, cut into 14inch thick slices, 12 cup hot bouillabaisse broth, 12 cup olive oil], title: Bouillabaisse or Fulton Market Fish Chowder, picturelink: null}, 23911: {instructions: Combine cabbage, scallions, and sesame seeds in a mediumsize bowl. Mix vegetable oil, soy sauce, vinegar and sugar in a cup. Pour enough dressing over slaw to coat refrigerate, covered, to blend flavors. Add more dressing, if needed., ingredients: [1 package 10 ounces shredded cabbage, 2 scallions, chopped, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 13 cup sugar], title: Oriental Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: 7sS9nNQ068FHH1rYRcX1t.w2PZQ.b1K}, 23912: {instructions: Special equipment: a piping bag fitted with a round tipnFor the cupcakes: Put the beer in a medium saucepan, bring to a simmer and cook until reduced to 34 cup, about 30 minutes allow to cool to room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare a 12cup muffin tin with liners and spray with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, combine the granulated sugar, flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt.nIn a separate bowl, combine the butter and cooled beer beat in the eggs, followed by the heavy cream. Add the flour mixture to the wet mixture in 3 parts, stirring to combine between each addition.nDivide the batter evenly among the liners and bake for 12 minutes. Rotate the pan and cook for an additional 12 minutes. The cupcakes should be set in the middle.nFor the frosting: In a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the cream cheese, butter and whiskey and beat until combined. Add in the confectioner sugar a little at a time until the frosting comes together.nPut the frosting in a piping bag fitted with a round tip and pipe in swirls onto the finished cupcakes., ingredients: [Three 11.2ounce bottles stout beer, such as Guinness, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the cupcake liners, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 large eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces cream cheese, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup whiskey, 2 cups confectioners sugar about 8 ounces], title: Death Charge Cupcakes, picturelink: gFAKgWWNyj63q7i.lqhB2QSLrthVS6K}, 23913: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with wax or parchment paper. Put the chocolate in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave 30 seconds. Stir, then microwave 30 more seconds. Stir until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Dip each pretzel halfway into the chocolate, then place on the wax paper. Refrigerate until set, about 15 minutes.nPer serving 6 pieces: Calories 100 Fat 5 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 0 mg Sodium 150 mg Carbohydrate 13 g Fiber 1 g Protein 2 g Photograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [1 13 ounces dark chocolate 60 to 70 cacao, finely chopped, 24 mini pretzels], title: Dark ChocolateDipped Pretzels, picturelink: PSK1LUqdfR.43q.7mnri4xxV3bNinYq}, 23914: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together all of the dressing ingredients and set aside.nSlice the ham into 12inch strips. Spray a nonstick skillet with cooking spray and preheat over a mediumhigh heat. Add the ham to the skillet and cook over stirring frequently, until the ham is warmed through and crisped, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nRemove and discard the yolk from 1 of the hard boiled eggs. Chop the remaining egg white and whole egg and set aside.nIn a large bowl toss the romaine and watercress with 23 of the dressing. Put the dressed greens onto a large serving dish. Place the tomatoes on top forming a row down the middle. In strips on either side of the tomatoes place the avocado, chicken, cheese, diced egg, and the crisped ham on top of the greens. Drizzle with the remaining dressing and serve., ingredients: [14 cup water, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, Black pepper, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon dry Colemans mustard, 12 to 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 4ounce head butter lettuce, 1 bunch arugula, 2 heads romaine hearts, 1 small head chicory, remove and discard tough outer leaves, 1 10ounce bag shredded carrots, 4 strips bacon, diced, cooked until crisp and drained, 1 8ounce chicken breast, grilled or poached and cut into small cubes or shredded, 2 ounces crumbled Roquefort or blue cheese, 2 medium tomatoes, peeled and diced, 1 avocado, halved, peeled, and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Cobb Salad, picturelink: null}, 23915: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMake the Fennel Spice Rub: Put the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a heavy pan over medium heat. Watch carefully, tossing frequently so the seeds toast evenly. When light brown and fragrant, stir in the salt and pour the seeds onto a plate to cool. They must be cool before grinding, or they will gum up the blades.nPour the seeds into a blender or spice mill and blend to a fine powder, shaking the blender occasionally to redistribute the seeds. Store in a tightly sealed glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze. Makes about 1 14 cups.nIn 1 pot, bring sweet potatoes and water up to a boil with 1 tablespoon salt. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook until tender. Strain and lay out to cool.nIn another pot bring 12 gallon water to a boil with 1 tablespoon salt, add sprouts and cook for 3 minutes Strain and lay out to cool.nFor the lamb: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Place a roasting pan in the oven.nHeat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat until hot. Add the onions and a pinch of salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook for about 1 minute. Add the sage and cook about 3 minutes. Add the water, cover, and cook until the onions are very tender, about 10 minutes. Uncover and saute until the onions are very soft and the pan is dry again, about 2 minutes.nSlice open the leg of lamb and lay flat. Season meat well all over with the Fennel Spice and salt and pepper. Spread half of the sauteed onion mixture directly on top of the seasoning, inside the leg of lamb. Roll up the meat and tie with kitchen twine. Set aside the other half of onion mixture.nRub the outside of the lamb with more Fennel Spice. Remove the roasting pan from the oven and lay the carrots and celery on the bottom. Place the lamb on top of the carrots and celery, drizzle with some extravirgin olive oil and cook for 7 hours. Spread the remaining onion mixture on top of the lamb, place a foil as a tent over the lamb and roast for an additional hour. The lamb is ready when it pulls away easily if picked at with a pair of tongs. Remove the lamb from the oven and keep warm.nIncrease the oven heat to 425 degrees F.nHeat a large saute pan on high heat. Add 14 cup olive oil and reserved sweet potatoes and Brussels sprouts Toss lightly to coat with oil and do not touch for 2 minutes or until the bottoms begin to brown. Turn and cook for 3 more minutes until brown on that side. Season with salt and pepper and place in oven for 15 minutes After 15 minutes open oven and add sage and garlic. Stir well and continue to roast for 5 minutes more or until the garlic is light brown. Remove from oven and sprinkle with orange zest.nServe lamb warm with roasted vegetables., ingredients: [1 cup fennel seeds, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 34inch cubes, place in cool water, 1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, cleaned, trimmed and cut in 12, 14 cup olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons fresh sage, chopped, 3 tablespoons garlic, sliced, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 medium onions, peeled and thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh sage leaves, 34 cup water, 4 pounds leg of lamb, at room temperature, About 14 cup Fennel Spice Rub, 4 carrots, 4 stalks celery], title: Forever Roasted Lamb with Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: 0gabneMUY0QJ0B5Y14NdwZPbJMdkzW}, 23916: {instructions: Make the pastry cream: Whisk 12 cup milk, 13 cup granulated sugar, the salt, egg yolks and cornstarch in a medium bowl. Combine the remaining 1 12 cups milk and 13 cup granulated sugar with the vanilla seeds and pod in a medium saucepan bring to a low simmer over medium heat. Slowly pour the hot milk mixture into the bowl with the yolk mixture, whisking constantly. Return to the pan and bring to a simmer, whisking cook, whisking, until thickened, 1 more minute. Transfer to a bowl and remove the vanilla pod. Lay plastic wrap directly on the surface and refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, roast the peaches: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the peaches, granulated sugar, lemon juice, and vanilla seeds and pod in a medium bowl toss gently to coat. Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet and spread in a single layer. Roast, tossing once, until tender and glossy, about 30 minutes. Let cool.nCook the puff pastry: Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray. Unroll the puff pastry sheets on a generously floured surface and arrange them so they overlap by about 2 inches to make 1 large piece of pastry. Lightly flour a rolling pin and roll out the dough into a 17by12inch rectangle. Carefully transfer the dough to the prepared baking sheet and prick all over with a fork. Bake, pricking it again halfway through, until golden and crisp, 25 to 35 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheet, then transfer to a cutting board and cut crosswise into 3 equal pieces.nAssemble the napoleon: Lay 1 piece of puff pastry on a platter. Spread with half of the pastry cream, then top with half of the roasted peaches. Repeat with another piece of puff pastry and the remaining pastry cream and peaches, reserving a few peach slices for topping. Top with the remaining piece of puff pastry and dust with confectioners sugar. Top with the reserved peaches. Slice with a serrated knife.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 23 cup granulated sugar, Pinch of salt, 5 large egg yolks, 13 cup cornstarch, For the pastry cream:, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped out and reserved, For the peaches:, 4 peaches, cut into thin wedges, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, For the puff pastry:, Cooking spray, 2 sheets frozen puff pastry one 17ounce package, thawed, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Roasted Peach Napoleon, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}, 23917: {instructions: Cover potatoes with water and bring to a boil. Salt water and cook potatoes 1215 minutes until tender. Drain the potatoes. Return pot to the stove and warm broth over medium heat. Whisk in butter and marmalade. Add potatoes and mash the sweet potatoes. Season with salt and pepper and a few dashes hot sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds, 2 to 3 large, sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced or cubed, Salt, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup orange marmalade, Black pepper, A couple dashes hot sauce], title: Mashed SweetnBitter Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 23918: {instructions: Thinly slice 1 yellow squash and 1 zucchini lengthwise a mandoline works best arrange a few slices on a plate in a single layer. Sprinkle with minced shallots and chopped mixed herbs, drizzle with lemon juice and olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Repeat to make about 5 layers. Top with grated pecorino let marinate for 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Summer Squash Carpaccio, picturelink: sJnA1k2KSvihwo4PJtwdFBnD3X6BD.y}, 23919: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake a simple syrup by adding the sugar and 12 cup water to a very small saucepan and heating over low heat until all of the sugar is dissolved. Transfer to a container and allow to cool completely in the fridge.nGrab the bag of frozen peaches and the lemon zest and add them to a blender with the cold simple syrup blend until smooth. Place the blender pitcher in the fridge until you need it.nTo serve, pour some puree into a champagne flute and top off with very cold champagne or sparkling wine., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, One 1pound bag frozen peaches, Zest of 1 lemon, Champagne or sparkling wine, for serving], title: Bellinis, picturelink: 8iYkyNBHEjU59WixzXBl6kneri4yDHu}, 23920: {instructions: BRING a large pot of water to a boil.nHEAT half of the olive oil in mediumsized skillet over mediumhigh heat.nADD onion and saute for 4 minutes or until translucent.nADD peppers, and season with salt and pepper. Add just enough hot water to cover the peppers simmer for 12 minutes until peppers are tender and water is completely reduced.nMEANWHILE, cook pasta according to package directions.nDRAIN pasta and add to skillet with onions and peppers. Toss pasta with the remaining oil, basil leaves and cheese before serving., ingredients: [1 box BARILLA Whole Grain Rotini, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided, 2 cups 1 medium white onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, julienne, 1 yellow bell pepper, julienne, 1 green bell pepper, julienne, Salt to taste, Black pepper to taste, 4 leaves fresh basil, 13 cup Pecorino Romano cheese, grated], title: Barilla Whole Grain Rotini with Fresh Bell Peppers, picturelink: FWgaXX2RcJcBLHbcMBDmTpl07.FZm9C}, 23921: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTake the chicken out of the refrigerator and remove the innards from the cavity. Pat dry with paper towels. Let stand at room temperature for about 1 hour.nAdjust the rack to the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nUse kitchen shears to cut out the backbone of the chicken. You can do this with a heavy chefs knife, but most people find it easiest with the scissors. Reserve the backbone for stock later.nLay your chicken open like a book on your work surface, skinside up. Flatten the chicken with your hands with firm pressure you should hear a cracking noise. Sprinkle the chicken with the rosemary and fennel seeds, and liberally sprinkle with salt and pepper.nHeat a 12inch castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, add 2 tablespoons olive oil to heat. Add the chicken, skinside down, and sear until golden brown, about 5 minutes.nWhile the chicken is searing, add the potatoes, carrots and shallot to a bowl along with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and toss well, making sure that all the vegetables are coated well with the oil. Flip the chicken and add the vegetables to the skillet.nRoast the chicken until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Remove the chicken to a cutting board to rest for 15 minutes before carving. Use a slotted spoon to remove the vegetables to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm.nMeanwhile, place the skillet over a burner and set to medium heat. Add the white wine and use a wooden spoon to scrape up the browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Stir in chicken broth. Reduce by half, or until the gravy coats the back of a spoon. Swirl in the butter at the end of simmering for a richer taste and glossiness.nCarve the chicken into pieces and serve with the vegetables and the gravy. Sprinkle the vegetables with additional fresh chopped parsley if using., ingredients: [1 chicken 3 12 to 4 pounds, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 5 fingerling potatoes, cut in half horizontally, 2 large carrot, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 large shallot, peeled and sliced in half through the root, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon butter, Chopped fresh parsley, optional], title: Butterflied Chicken with Roasted Root Vegetables and Pan Gravy, picturelink: 0bGYleM092utYM9DyriL3h5gwCw3oQu}, 23922: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and salt it. Add potatoes and cook 7 minutes. Add the pasta and cook 2 minutes, then stir in cabbage and cook 5 minutes longer.nWhile the potatoes and pasta cook, melt butter in a large, deep skillet over medium heat and add garlic and 6 whole sage leaves. Cook 3 to 4 minutes remove the garlic and whole leaves reserve the leaves for ganish, then add sliced leaves and the black pepper. Just before draining the pasta and cabbage, add 2 ladles of starchy cooking water to the skillet.nDrain the potatoes, pasta and cabbage and add to butter and sage. Toss to combine with sage butter, adding in lots of cheese as you work. Toss 1 to 2 minutes to form a cheesy butter coating on the pasta and cabbage then adjust salt and serve. Use reserved whole leaves to garnish the pasta., ingredients: [Salt, 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 1 pound fettucini or papardelle pasta, 1 small head Savoy cabbage, quartered, cored and thinly shredded, 1 stick butter, cut into pieces, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, cracked from skin and halved, 16 sage leaves, 6 left whole, 10 thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 1 12 to 2 cups grated Romano], title: Cabbage and Straw, picturelink: HJkZB3LvLr1zu8pEttgFP9Xx.sAqnqO}, 23923: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 snowflake stencilnBeat sugar and butter with a hand mixer until light and fluffy. Add vanilla and eggs little by little. Add dry ingredients. Knead dough by hand and work in more flour if necessary. Dough should be stiff. Roll out dough with a rolling pin and cut out cookies with 34 inch circle cookie cutter.nPlace on parchment lined cookie sheet. Bake at 350 degrees F for 1215 minutes. Once cooled place stencil on top and shake powdered sugar over it., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 sticks of butter, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Powdered sugar], title: Sugar Cookies, picturelink: null}, 23924: {instructions: Preheat a large heavy skillet over very high heat. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine grill seasoning, paprika, chili powder, cayenne pepper on a plate. Press thin cut chicken into seasoning on 1 side. Add oil to screaming hot pan and cook chicken 2 minutes on each side.nSpread out a little flour or cornmeal and stretch out pizza dough onto a pizza pan. Shred reduced fat cheese.nRemove chicken from pan and chop. Combine tomatoes, onion, jalapeno, cilantro and thyme. Make garlic paste by chopping garlic then mashing it with the flat of your knife and a generous pinch of coarse salt. Add paste to salsa. Add zest and juice of 12 lime and mix salsa thoroughly. Scatter chicken, salsa and cheese over pizza dough working to the edges of both pies. Bake 12 to 15 minutes, until crisp and bubblybrown on top., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Grill Seasoning or other seasoning blend, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika u2013 eyeball it, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon dried cayenne pepper, 34 pound thin cut chicken breast, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan, Allpurpose flour or cornmeal, a couple of tablespoons to work dough, 1 pizza dough, 12 pound brick reduced fat Cheddar with jalapeno or chipotle pepper recommended: Cabot brand, 2 small yellow tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 14 cup chopped red onion, 12 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons cilantro leaves, optional, 2 tablespoons thyme leaves, 1 clove garlic, Coarse salt, 12 lime, zested and juiced], title: Blackened Chicken Pizza with Yellow Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 23925: {instructions: For the gravy: In a stockpot set over low heat, add half of the milk, the sugar, allpurpose flour and cocoa powder, and bring to a light boil stirring constantly. Cook for at least 40 minutes. Add more milk a little bit at a time as necessary to reach a thick, saucy consistency.nFor the biscuits: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. In large mixing bowl, add the pastry flour. Using a largehole box grater, grate the frozen butter into the flour. Toss to distribute evenly. Make a well in the center and pour the buttermilk into the well. Slowly incorporate the buttermilk into the flour using your hands. Kneed until doughlike, 15 to 20 times.nLightly flour a work surface and rolling pin. Place the dough on the floured surface and roll out to 34inchthick round. Fold the dough back onto itself. Repeat the rolling and folding three more times, then roll out the dough to 12inch thick. Cut with a small biscuit cutter and place on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes.nBrush the hot biscuits with warm melted butter. Split the biscuits in half and pour the warm cocoa gravy over top and sprinkle with confectioners sugar. Serve warm., ingredients: [Cocoa Gravy:, 1 gallon milk, 6 cups sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup cocoa powder, Biscuit:, 5 cups selfrising flour, plus more for dusting, 2 sticks butter, frozen, 2 cups whole buttermilk, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Cocoa Biscuits, picturelink: GZCNIQHU77LYss.jPnMZiN7rR65PlWy}, 23926: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace the puffed pastry rectangles onto a baking pan thats been sprayed with nonstick spray or lined with parchment paper. Add the sugar, salt and lemon juice to the apples. Stir to combine. Allow to sit for a few minutes.nArrange the apple slices on the pastry rectangles in a straight line, overlapping as you go. Bake until the pastry is puffed and golden brown, about 20 minutes.nRemove from the pan immediately and place on a serving platter. Serve with caramel sauce and chopped pecans., ingredients: [1 whole sheet puffed pastry, cut in half, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup brown sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, Juice of 12 a lemon, 3 whole apples, cored, halved and sliced, but not peeled, Storebought caramel sauce, for serving, 14 cup chopped pecans], title: Quick and Easy Apple Tart, picturelink: 0XjMIN1Sf6Yna.eRL5OlWOBY4ickim}, 23927: {instructions: PREHEAT oven to 350u00b0F. Grease 13 x 9inch baking pan.nBEAT butter in large mixer bowl until creamy. Beat in flour, sugar and salt until crumbly. With floured fingers, press 2 cups crumb mixture onto bottom of prepared baking pan reserve remaining mixture.nBAKE for 10 to 12 minutes or until edges are golden brown.nCOMBINE 1 cup morsels and sweetened condensed milk in small, heavyduty saucepan. Warm over low heat, stirring until smooth. Stir in vanilla extract. Spread over hot crust.nSTIR nuts and remaining 23 cup morsels into reserved crumb mixture sprinkle over chocolate filling. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until center is set. Cool in pan on wire rack. Cut into bars., ingredients: [34 cup 1 12 sticks butter, softened, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 23 cups 10oz. pkg. NESTLEu00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae Dark Chocolate Morsels, divided, 1 can 14 oz. NESTLEu00ae CARNATIONu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup chopped walnuts optional], title: Dark Chocolate Crumb Bars, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 23928: {instructions: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over low heat. Add the celery, fennel, leeks, shallots and garlic and cook on very low heat until they become tender and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the thyme, bay leaf and white wine, increase the heat to medium and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the clam juice, bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Stir in the creme fraiche. Add the clams, cover the pot, and cook until all the clams have opened, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with the baguette, ingredients: [4 ounces 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup julienned celery, 1 cup julienned fennel, 1 cup julienned leeks, 1 cup julienned shallots, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup white wine, 2 cups clam juice, 14 cup creme fraiche, 12 to 15 Florida top neck clams, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Toasted baguette, for serving], title: Clams with Fennel Broth, picturelink: null}, 23929: {instructions: Prepare udon noodles according to package directions, drain.nIn a steamer pot, add clams, cooking sake, and regular sake. Steam until the clams open up. Strain, reserving clams and liquid separately. Set aside.nIn a saucepan, heat olive oil and butter. Add onion, ginger, garlic, and hot pepper flakes. Saute for 2 minutes. Add the cooking sake and simmer for 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, parsley and salt to taste. Simmer an additional 5 minutes.nAdd whipping cream and simmer 3 minutes. Add reserved clam juice and simmer an additional 3 minutes. Toss the sauce over the noodles and garnish with the steamed clams., ingredients: [1 package udon noodles, 1 pound littleneck clams, 14 cup cooking sake, 34 cup regular sake, 3 tablespoons light olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 small yellow onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 teaspoon hot pepper flakes, 14 cup cooking sake, 2 small seeded and chopped tomatoes, 3 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Salt to taste, 12 cup whipping cream, 12 cup clam juice from the steamed clams], title: Udon Noodles with Japanese Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23930: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Slowly heat clarified butter in medium pan,. Stir in flour and cook for 2 or 3 minutes over moderate heat. Add tomato paste and slowly stir in wine. Add bouquet garni and simmer gently for 30 minutes.nAdd ham to sauce and season with salt and pepper. Add snails and simmer on low heat for 10 minutes they will pop out of their shells. Mix in truffle.nRemove snails and shells from sauce, and discard herbs sachet. Place snails in their shells and top with sauce. Bake 5 minutes, until sauce bubbles., ingredients: [2 cans snails, about 48 large, drained and rinsed, placed on bed of rock salt, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 14 cup flour, sifted, 38 cup tomato paste, 1 12 cups red Burgundy wine, 1 bouquet garni, including celery, bay leaf, basil, parsley, thyme, and black peppercorns, 2 ounces uncooked ham, finely diced, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 truffle, finely diced], title: Escargot Truffiere, picturelink: null}, 23931: {instructions: In a large saucepot, simmer first three ingredients until solids are dissolved. Add apple juice and submerge pork belly in mixture. Place in the refrigerator for 3 days.nAfter three days have passed, remove the pork from the brine, rinse the belly, and pat dry with paper towels. Lay on a rack over a sheet pan and place in front of a fan for 1 hour to form a pellicle. Lay the pork in the protein box of a cold smoker and smoke for 4 to 6 hours. Chill the meat in the freezer for 1 hour to stiffen for easy slicing into strips of bacon. Slice what you need and keep the remainder in a freezer safe bag in the refrigerator or freezer.nPlace the strips of bacon onto a sheet pan fitted with a rack and place into a cold oven. Turn the oven to 400 degrees and cook for about 12 to 15 minutes, depending on how crispy you like your bacon. Remove from rack and drain on paper towels. Enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup soy sauce, 112 cups honey, 14 cup salt, 12 gallon apple juice, 1 pound pork belly], title: Soy Honey Brine, picturelink: null}, 23932: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine the butter, brown sugar, cinnamon, apple pie filling and sliced apples in a large bowl.nHeat a 10inch cast iron skillet or ovenproof pan over mediumhigh heat, and add the pie filling. Once mixture begins to bubble, unroll pie crust over skillet. With a wooden spoon, push down edges of crust into pie. Cut steam slit in crust and brush with apple juice concentrate and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until crust is golden brown. Remove from oven and let cool 1 hour before slicing., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 21ounce can apple pie filling, 2 cups presliced apples, 1 refrigerated pie crust, 2 tablespoons apple juice concentrate, thawed, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: UpsideDown Apple Skillet Pie, picturelink: Egl72AWHn82wMTE1CEnS.1lNwpq9vN2}, 23933: {instructions: Bring water and stock to a boil, then reduce heat to low to keep warm.nIn a large skillet, heat oil and butter over medium to medium high heat. Add onions and saute 3 minutes. Add arborio rice and saute, 2 or 3 minutes more. Add wine or sherry and allow liquid to absorb, 1 minute. Add 12 the stock or broth and reduce heat slightly. Simmer, stirring frequently until liquid is absorbed, then add more liquid, a few ladles at a time. When liquid cooks out, ladle in a bit more.nWhen risotto has cooked almost to al dente, about 18 minutes, fold in spinach, basil and parsley. Season risotto with nutmeg, salt and pepper and stir in any remaining broth. Risotto will cook 22 minutes, total. Stir in cheese and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 quart vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cups arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine or dry sherry, 1 pound triple washed spinach, chopped, 1 cup loosely packed basil leaves, chopped or torn, 12 cup flatleaf parsley, a couple of handfuls, chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, grated or ground, 12 to 23 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 or 3 handfuls], title: Green Risotto, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 23934: {instructions: To make the sauce: In a large saucepan, use a small amount of oil to saute the bones that were removed from the fallow. When they have a rich dark color, add tomato paste, mirepoix, bouquet garni and 2 13 quarts water, and cook for 1 hour.nIn another pan, saute the shallot in a little more olive oil until translucent. Remove from the heat and add the wine and port. Return to the heat and let the liquid reduce until it is almost evaporated. Be careful as the liquid may ignite. Then add the stock from the other saute pan to the wine reduction. Cook for another 40 minutes. Pass through the chinois. Add salt and pepper, to taste. This amount of sauce will serve 8 to 10 people.nTo prepare and present the fallow deer, salt and pepper the medallions. Saute in a little olive oil and cook over a medium high heat until rare to medium rare. Let rest. In another saute pan, put clarified butter and saute the apples with powdered sugar for 25 seconds until they are a golden color. Check the tenderness with a pairing knife. Place the medallions like 3 petals pointing out from the center of the plate. On top of each medallion, place a dollop of bone marrow. Between the outer tips of the medallions, place 2 pieces of apple curving outward like wings. Between the arch of the apples, place 1 baby carrot inside of 2 asparagus tips. In the center of the plate put just 1 tablespoon of sauce., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 9 2 to 3ounce medallions of fallow deer, debone and reserve bones, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 cups mirepoix 1 small diced onion, 12 cup small diced carrots, 12 cup small diced celery, Bouquet garni, 1 shallot, finely diced, 2 cups red wine, 12 cup port, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 1 Granny Smith apple cut into 6 14 moon shaped segments, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, Bone marrow, 6 baby carrots, cleaned, peeled and cooked, 6 tips asparagus, cleaned, peeled and cooked], title: Medallions of Fallow Deer with Green Caramelized Apples, picturelink: null}, 23935: {instructions: In a large pot, bring salted water to a boil. Cook asparagus until al dente about 5 minutes, for regular asparagus and 3 minutes for pencil asparagus, from the time the water returns to a boil.nRemove asparagus from the pot and refresh in ice water to stop the cooking process. Chill until needed.nServe with both cold Orange Mustard Sauce and hot Sauce Mousseline.nIn a medium saucepan, over medium heat, reduce the orange juice until only 12 cup remains. Transfer to a bowl and let cool, over a bowl of ice. Stir in mustard, salt, and pepper.nAdd whipped cream and stir until well blended. Keep refrigerated until ready to use.nYield: 1 12 cupsnIn a heat resistant mixing bowl, combine the egg yolks, water, lemon juice, pepper, and salt. Whip over hot, not boiling, water until thick and creamy. Slowly whisk in the butter, a few drops at a time, until the mixture begins to emulsify. In a slow stream, whisk in the remaining butter until it is completely incorporated. Correct seasoning, to taste. Fold in the whipped cream and keep warm until needed.nYield: 1 12 cupsnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Modern French Cooking for the American Kitchen Houghton Mifflin, 1981, ingredients: [2 pounds jumbo asparagus, Orange Mustard Sauce, recipe follows, Sauce Mousseline, recipe follows, 3 cups fresh orange juice, strained, 14 cup grainy mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 34 cup heavy cream, whipped, 3 egg yolks, 4 tablespoons water, 1 to 2 teaspoons lemon juice, Freshly ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 pound unsalted butter, clarified, 12 cup whipped cream], title: Asparagus with Orange Mustard Sauce and Sauce Mousseline, picturelink: null}, 23936: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: butchers twinenPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing a slicing knife, make an incision parallel to the cutting board into the pork loin butterfly. The incision should run from end to end lengthwise, and leave about 12 inch of the pork loin intact opposite the side of the incision. You should be left with the pork loin opened into about an 8by10inch piece.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the sausage, olives, dates and shallots. Mix in the cream, breadcrumbs and egg yolk, and finish with the parsley. Season with the zaatar and some salt and pepper.nStuff the pork loin by spreading the mixture down one side of the opened loin and folding over the other half. You should leave about 12 inch of extra space for the ends of the pork to seal again, keeping the filling centered. Cut 8 long pieces of butchers twine and tie the loin together to form it back to its original shape.nPut the loin on a roasting rack in a pan and season with salt and pepper. Roast until the internal temperature reaches 150 degrees F, 50 to 60 minutes. Rest the meat for 10 minutes before slicing. You should have 8 even slices from the roast., ingredients: [One 3pound pork loin, 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, chopped, 12 cup seeded Medjool dates, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon zaatar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Olive and Medjool Date Stuffed Pork Loin, picturelink: OMtndTwFkMsxKaGA.5PhPndkBnI9Kl6}, 23937: {instructions: Toss the fries with 18 teaspoon fivespice powder and 12 teaspoon salt on a baking sheet bake as the label directs until crisp.nMeanwhile, preheat a grill pan over high heat. Mix the ketchup, relish, Sriracha and the remaining 18 teaspoon fivespice powder in a bowl set aside 2 tablespoons for brushing the steak.nPrick the steak all over with a fork season with salt. Brush the grill pan with oil, then add the steak and grill until marked, 12 to 15 minutes, flipping and brushing occasionally with the reserved spiced ketchup. Transfer to a cutting board let rest 10 minutes, then thinly slice against the grain.nToss the cucumber, vegetable oil and vinegar in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Toss the fries with the scallions, and salt to taste. Serve with the steak and the spiced ketchup.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 20ounce package frozen French fries, 14 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, Kosher salt, 34 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons sweet pickle relish, 2 tablespoons Sriracha Asian chile sauce, 1 14 pounds flank steak, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 1 English cucumber, peeled and cut into 34inch pieces, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar not seasoned, Freshly ground pepper, 3 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Asian Steak Frites, picturelink: t9jBvOfEzq4mS5vOnnZMPqphcVojHue}, 23938: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the strawberries, raspberries, sugar, orange zest and juice. Stir to combine and let macerate for 30 minutes.nAfter 30 minutes, gently smash the fruit mixture to start breaking the fruit down.nRemove onequarter of the fruit mixture and PULSE not puree in the food processor and return it to the bowl.nIn a small saucepan, combine the pectin and 34 cup water. Bring the water to a boil and boil for 1 minute, no longer. Add to the fruit and stir for 3 to 4 minutes.nCover and place in the refrigerator to set for 2 hours or overnight.nServe with toast or homemade biscuits., ingredients: [1 quart strawberries, topped and quartered, 2 pints raspberries, 2 cups sugar, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 2 packages powdered fruit pectin, Toast or biscuits, for serving], title: Strawberry Raspberry Preserves, picturelink: PDfnkvRAnpULIsObfAMLogAOq6JR5sO}, 23939: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Sift flour, sugar and salt into a bowl. Rub in the diced butter until the mixture resembles bread crumbs. Combine the mixture with the egg and cream.nMelt the butter in a saute pan, add onions, salt and pepper. Cook onions until soft and golden in color.nGrease a deep 12inch flan tin, and line with greaseproof paper. Roll out pastry so that it is larger than the flan tin and bake blind for 10 minutes. Trim pastry edges and leave to cool.nStrain the juice from the onion mixture and fill the pastry case. Whisk the eggs and cream together and pour over the onions. Grate the cheese over the top and place in oven for a further 30 minutes or until the egg mixture is set., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 ounces unsalted English butter, chilled and diced, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon single cream, 6 ounces English butter, 10 onions, diced small, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 3 eggs, 1 cup double cream, 5 12 ounces Blue Wensleydale cheese], title: Onion Tart, picturelink: null}, 23940: {instructions: Combine chopped pineapple with chopped peppers, onions, cucumber, celery and tomatoes. In a bowl combine reserved pineapple juice with the lime juice and chili powder, whisk in extravirgin olive oil and season dressing with salt and pepper, to taste. Add in a few dashes of hot saice if you like it spicy Pour dressing over salad and toss., ingredients: [1 fresh, cored pineapple available in produce department of many markets, chopped or 1 can cut pineapple in natural juice, reserve 14 cut of the juice of either product., 1 large green or red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 red onion, chopped, 12 seedless cucumber, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 vine ripe tomato, chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, Hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, to your taste, optional], title: Fruit and Vegetable Fiesta Salad, picturelink: null}, 23941: {instructions: Signature Sauce:nBlend together soy sauce, vinegar, oils, basil, mint, garlic, chili paste and honey in a small bowl.nApplication Recipe:nRemove 13 cup Signature Sauce and reserve.nPour remainder into a ziptop plastic bag and add chicken breasts, coating all sides well. Place in refrigerator and let marinate, turning occasionally, for at least an hour.nPreheat outdoor grill to medium.nRemove chicken from marinade, discarding marinade. Place chicken over medium grill fire for 7 to 9 minutes on each side, or until tender and done. Or, place chicken on rack of broiler pan. Broil 4 to 5 inches from heat source 7 to 8 minutes on each side, or until chicken is no longer pink in center.nRemove chicken to a cutting board, tenting with foil to keep warm while it rests for about 5 minutesnWhile chicken is resting, toss greens and cucumber slices with the reserved marinade mixture that has NOT been used to marinate the chicken, then divide greens evenly among 4 serving plates.nCut chicken breasts against the grain crosswise into approximate 12inch slices. Place over salad greens and sprinkle with pine nuts, as well as additional basil and mint leaves., ingredients: [14 cup Kikkoman Soy Sauce, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 14 cup each chopped fresh basil and chopped fresh mint, 2 fresh garlic cloves, minced, 14 teaspoon Asian chili paste with garlic, 3 tablespoons honey, 4 boned and skinned chicken breast halves, 1 10ounce bag Europeanstyle salad greens, 1 cucumber, thinly sliced, 14 cup pine nuts, lightly toasted, Optional garnish  additional fresh basil and mint], title: Grilled Chicken Salad, picturelink: MwFTCFX6wmMtgPYN0koD4oG9LrVRYm}, 23942: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo a large warmed skillet over medium heat, add 14 cup of olive oil. Sprinkle the rabbit with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the rabbit to the hot oil and brown on both sides. Remove the rabbit to a mediumsize casserole dish.nIn that same skillet, over medium heat, add more olive oil. Add the mushrooms and shallots and saute for about 2 minutes. Transfer the mushroom mixture to the casserole. Sprinkle the flour, thyme, parsley and the bay leaf over the rabbit and stir in the tomato sauce, wine, and the beef broth. You may add a pinch more of salt and pepper if you wish. Cover with foil and put in the oven to bake until the rabbit is tender, stirring every hour, about 2 to 3 hours. Rabbit meat should pull off easily from the bone with a fork. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 rabbit, cut into 6 to 8 portions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 15 mediumsize mushrooms, quartered or sliced, 2 shallots, minced, 13 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch dried thyme, Pinch dried parsley, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup tomato sauce, 1 cup red burgundy wine, 1 to 2 cups beef broth], title: Hunters Rabbit, picturelink: null}, 23943: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the braised pork butt: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the chili powder, cumin, garlic, paprika, mustard, coriander, salt and pepper. Pat the pork dry, then coat it with the rub.nIn a large castiron pan, heat the canola oil over mediumhigh heat. Sear the pork until browned on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes. Pour in the beer, cover the pan tightly with foil and transfer it to the oven for 2 12 to 3 hours. Let the pork cool a bit before shredding.nFor the tomato sauce: Soak the chile de arbol for 20 minutes in warm water. Once rehydrated, remove the stems and seeds and roughly chop. Heat the canola in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the chile de arbol, jalapeno, garlic, cumin and oregano and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes, until fragrant. Add the vinegar, tomatoes and 1 cup water. Bring to a simmer and cook for 45 to 50 minutes, stirring often. When done, puree the sauce until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nTo assemble the sandwich: Slice the bolillos in half, leaving them hinged at one end. Brush the insides with olive oil. Place the bolillos cutside up on a baking sheet transfer to the oven and toast until crispy, about 5 minutes. Fill each bolillo with some shredded pork, topped with some tomato sauce, shredded cabbage, cilantro, pico de gallo and pickled red onions. Serve.nIn a bowl, combine the tomatoes, jalapeno, lime juice, red onion, cilantro and garlic. Mix to combine. Season with salt and pepper, and refrigerate for 1 hour to allow flavors to meld.nHeat a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the olive oil, the onions and some sea salt, and saute until the onions are just softened, about 5 minutes. Add the bay leaf, cayenne, cinnamon, start anise, honey, red wine vinegar and just enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, then turn off the heat. Set aside to cool to room temperature. Remove the whole spices and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds boneless pork butt, fat trimmed, cut into 3 or 4 large pieces, 14 cup canola oil, One 12ounce bottle Mexican beer, 6 to 8 dried chile de arbol, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 white onion, diced, 1 jalapeno, cored, seeded and diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 14 cup red wine vinegar, One 28ounce can crushed fireroasted tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 bolillo rolls see Cooks Note, Olive oil, for brushing, 2 cups shredded green cabbage, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Pico de gallo, recipe follows, Pickled Red Onions, recipe follows, 4 Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, Juice of 1 lime, 12 red onion, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 red onion, halved and thinly sliced, Sea salt, 1 bay leaf, Pinch cayenne, Pinch ground cinnamon, 1 whole star anise, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup red wine vinegar], title: Tortas Ahogadas, picturelink: KoGCrY1BPmSIPFqFAKhiXmRIeQfQIvG}, 23944: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Generously butter a large bundt pan. Evenly spread the walnut halves over the bottom of the pan.nCombine the raisins, 12 cup of the rum and the water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, shaking frequently, until all the liquid is absorbed. Set aside to cool, and then stir in the chopped walnuts. Reserve.nCombine the honey, sour cream and remaining 14 cup rum in a small bowl and reserve.nIn another bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder and soda.nWith an electric mixer, cream together the butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the vanilla and salt. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating about a minute at medium speed after each addition.nAdd the flour mixture, alternating with the sour creamhoney combination, in five parts, mixing gently between additions. The last addition should be the liquids. Fold in the rumsoaked raisins and nuts.nIn another bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder and soda.nWith an electric mixer, cream together the butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the vanilla and salt. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating about a minute at medium speed after each addition.nAdd the flour mixture, alternating with the sour creamhoney combination, in five parts, mixing gently between additions. The last addition should be the liquids. Fold in the rumsoaked raisins and nuts.nSpoon the batter evenly into the prepared pan. Poke the batter in a few places with a knife to release large air bubbles. Smooth the top with a spatula and tap on a counter twice to release air bubbles. Bake 1 to 1 14 hours, until a skewer inserted in the center comes out dry. Cool on a rack while preparing the glaze.nTo make the glaze, combine the butter, sugar and water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and let boil 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the rum.nTo glaze, poke a few deep holes in the cake with a skewer or toothpick. Brush on onethird of the glaze. Invert the cake onto a baking pan and remove the cake pan. Brush the remaining glaze over the top, sides and down the center. Let cool completely before transferring to a platter and slicing., ingredients: [1 cup walnut halves, 2 cups raisins, 34 cup dark rum, 14 cup water, 1 12 cups walnut pieces, roughly chopped, 14 cup honey, 14 cup sour cream, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 10 ounces 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups packed brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water, I4 cup rum], title: Rum Walnut Cake, picturelink: null}, 23945: {instructions: Preheat oven to 215 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper set aside.nIn a large bowl, use an electric mixer to beat egg whites, 1 teaspoon strawberry extract, and cream of tartar on medium speed until frothy. With mixer running, add powdered sugar in tablespoon increments. Add food coloring and continuing beating until stiff peak form. Careful not to overbeat.nTransfer mixture to a pastry bag or large ziptop bag fitted with large round tip. Pipe into 2inch spirals on prepared baking sheet.nBake in preheated oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour, rotating once. Turn off oven and open door. With meringues still inside oven, let dry out for 10 to 12 minutes.nRemove parchment paper from baking sheet and let meringues cool completely., ingredients: [12 cup pasteurized egg whites, room temperature recommended: Eggology, 1 teaspoon strawberry extract, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup powdered sugar, sifted, 2 drops red food coloring], title: Strawberry Meringue Cookies, picturelink: j0O2Lxz0jK8DpLNtoFTLJY9FR4bu6K}, 23946: {instructions: Wash pork chops and set on paper towels to dry. Roast whole jalapenos on the comal or in a cast iron skillet until all sides are toasted, approximately 10 minutes.nWet a small tea towel, then wrap the jalapenos in the tea towel and let them rest for 20 minutes. This will help to soften them for peelingnWhile peppers rest, heat shortening in large cast iron skillet on mediumhigh.nCut pork chops into small and medium pieces the sections with bone will be bigger. Season both sides of chops with kosher salt, garlic powder and crushed black pepper. Cook pork chops in skillet for about 15 to 20 minutes, periodically adding water to steam. Pork is done when chops have caramelized and water has evaporated.nTake peppers out of tea towel and peel off skin. Cut off the ends of the peppers and place, one at a time in a food processor, and grind down with the salt and garlic. Add 1 tomato at a time from the 2 cans of tomatoes, and grind all ingredients until sauce forms. Taste to determine if more salt is needed. Add the sauce to the pan with pork chops and simmer on low heat, uncovered, for about 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [10 to 12 loin pork chops, medium thick cut with bone, 3 jalapeno peppers, 2 tablespoons solid vegetable shortening or lard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 cup water, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 cloves garlic, 2 15ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, 2 whole tomatoes reserved and 14 cup liquid reserved for Spanish Rice], title: Pork Chops with Red Chile Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23947: {instructions: Place the chicken and the bacon on a plate and freeze to chill for 20 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the bread, chili powder, cayenne, and salt in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until you have fine bread crumbs. Divide the bread crumbs between two medium bowls. Set one bowl aside and stir the milk into the bread crumbs in the other bowl.nAdd half the chilled chicken and all of the bacon to the food processor and pulse to combine into a rough mixture. Add the milkandbreadcrumb mixture to the food processor along with the egg, onion, garlic, and Parmesan and process until very well combined the mixture will be almost creamy. Add the remaining chilled chicken cubes to the food processor and pulse just to combine. The mixture will be semismooth with small chunks of chicken. Using a 1inch small scoop, divide the mixture into about 30 small meatballs. Place the meatballs on a parchment paperlined rimmed baking sheet and freeze for 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the freezer and roll the meatballs through the reserved bread crumbs to lightly and evenly coat the surface. Return the meatballs to the parchmentlined baking sheet.nAdjust an oven rack to the uppermiddle position and preheat the broiler to high. Drizzle the meatballs with the oil and broil until theyre cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the oven, sprinkle with Parmesan and the parsley if using, rest for 5 minutes, and serve., ingredients: [2 large boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 34 pound, rinsed and patted dry, sliced into 1inch cubes, 1 bacon strip, 3 slices sandwich bread, roughly torn into small pieces, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup whole milk, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely minced or pressed through a garlic press, 13 cup grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for sprinkling over the meatballs, 14 cup vegetable oil, Fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped optional], title: Chicken Meatballs, picturelink: GOw3HMFFpFQe4WKjfTk1fy.0B8RqY2}, 23948: {instructions: Brush the edges of square wonton wrappers with beaten egg whites fold in the points to form an envelope enclose jam, if you want. Deepfry in vegetable oil until golden, about 2 minutes, then dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Wonton Envelopes, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}, 23949: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a cupcake or muffin pan with 24 regularsize cupcake liners.nPlace the oil, buttermilk, eggs, vinegar, vanilla, and sugar in the bowl of an electric stand mixer and beat with the paddle attachment until thoroughly mixed. Sift the flour, baking soda, salt, and cocoa powder together and slowly add to the mixer on low speed. Scrape down the bowl thoroughly, as needed. Add the food colorings in a steady stream until desired shade is achieved it should appear bluishpurple. Beat for another 3 minutes. Scrape the bowl one last time and mix for 30 seconds by hand.nFill the cupcake liners twothirds full with batter and bake until they form a semihard crust on top, about 25 minutes. Immediately remove the cupcakes from their pan and place on a cooling rack.nFor the blackberry curd filling: Bring the blackberries and water to a boil in a mediumsize saucepan. Turn down the heat to low and simmer until the blackberries are soft and separate easily, about 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a sieve and pass through using a spoon to help mash the blackberries. Discard the pulp and reserve the juice. Place the flour and sugar in a clean saucepan and slowly pour in the blackberry juice, reserving 2 tablespoons. Whisk constantly. When thoroughly combined, add the whole eggs and egg yolks, whisking and cooking until the mixture thickens. When the curd has formed, after about 7 minutes, remove from the heat and stir in the butter. Cover tightly and place in the refrigerator until fully chilled.nFor the cream cheese frosting: Beat the cream cheese and butter together in the bowl of an electric stand mixer until pale and creamy. Add the blackberry juice and lemon zest and continue to beat until the color is even. The lemon zest has a tendency to adhere to the beater blade. When removing from the mixer bowl, be sure to scrape this off and blend back into the frosting by hand. Reduce the speed to low and slowly begin adding the confectioners sugar. Keep adding until the frosting has a mediumstiff consistency. You may not require the full 5 cups sugar. Beat on high speed for a further 2 minutes, scraping down the bowl as needed.nTo assemble: Remove the center of each cupcake using an apple corer. Fill the cavity with the blackberry curd until it is level with the top of the cake. Pipe the frosting on top using a plain pastry tip. Crumble one of the cakes into small pieces and scatter a few crumbles on top of each cake so that it adheres to the frosting. Garnish with a whole fresh blackberry, if desired., ingredients: [1 12 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 tablespoons Dutchprocessed cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons royal blue gel paste food coloring, 1 tablespoon purple gel paste food coloring, 2 quarts fresh blackberries, 12 cup water, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 2 egg yolks, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound cream cheese, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons reserved blackberry juice, from curd filling, 1 lemon, zested, 5 cups confectioners sugar, 24 whole fresh blackberries, for garnish optional], title: Blue Velvet, Blackberry Curd, and Blackberry Lemon Cream Cheese Cupcakes, picturelink: rHCtIVPLr2K3Juztfuj2GJXUA69XOC6}, 23950: {instructions: Brush each fillet with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, dredge, skin side down in the herbbread mixture. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large saute pan until almost smoking. Add the fillets, crustside down and saute until lightly golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce heat to medium, turn the fillets over and continue cooking until the fish is just cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes more.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium casserole, make a layer of onions, drizzle with a few tablespoons of olive oil, season with salt and pepper and sprinkle with some of the herbs. Repeat with the remaining vegetables. Cover and bake in the oven for 1 to 1 12 hours, pressing down on the vegetables occasionally, until the vegetables are completely tender. Garnish with fresh parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 2 tablespoons chopped chervil, 2 tablespoons chopped tarragon, 4 cloves chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped lemon zest, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups fresh bread crumbs, 4 6ounce halibut fillets, Salt and pepper, 2 large red onions, thinly sliced, 12 cup olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, finely sliced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons each, finely chopped, fresh thyme, rosemary, parsley, combined in a bowl, 1 large eggplant, sliced 12inch thick, 2 zucchini, sliced 12inch thick, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and cut into eighths, 2 yellow bell peppers, seeded and cut into eighths, 5 plum tomatoes, cored and cut into 1inch thick slices, Fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Herb and Garlic Crusted Halibut with Oven Baked Ratatouille, picturelink: null}, 23951: {instructions: Dissolve salt and sugar in 1 12 cups warm water that is between 100 and 120 degrees F. Warm water is needed to activate the yeast, but if it is too hot, it will kill the yeast. Use a candy thermometer to test the temperature. Stir in entire contents of packet of yeast and allow the mixture to form a head like on a beer, which takes about 15 minutes.nPlace flour into mixing bowl and add yeast mixture. Stir to combine and then knead until the dough comes together and is a cohesive mass. Knead for a few minutes so the dough becomes elastic. Cover bowl with a clean cloth and allow to rise and rest for 30 minutes. Then punch the dough down, knead again briefly, cover the bowl with the cloth and allow to rise a second time.nFor the filling:nHeat the olive oil in a saute pan and cook onion until it begins to caramelize. Add garlic and sliced pepper, and cook until they soften. Add pieces of sausage allowing them to brown. Pour off fat and stir in tomato sauce and Italian seasoning. Season with salt and pepper. Cook together for a few minutes to allow flavors to blend, then remove from heat and set aside briefly.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nOn a floured surface, stretch the dough into a 14inch circle which is thicker around the edges. Transfer to a lightly greased 11inch pie pan and shake cornmeal over the dough. Spoon the tomatosausage mixture into the dough and sprinkle mozzarella over the top. Bake until the edges are golden brown and the pie sets up, about 10 to 15 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 packet fastacting yeast, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon oil, 12 cup cornmeal, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large onion sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 green bell pepper or frying pepper, stem and seeds removed, and sliced, 12 pound Italian sausage, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning oregano, thyme, parsley, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup shredded mozzarella], title: DeepDish Pizza, picturelink: null}, 23952: {instructions: Tie the beef into individual packages with string to prevent them from falling apart.nIn a large pot, combine the beef and water and bring to the boil. reduce to a simmer and allow to cook for 10 minutes. Skim any residue that collects on the surface.nAdd the onion, celery, garlic and salt.nTie the thyme, bay, rosemary, black pepper and cloves into a small sachet with cheesecloth. Add this bouquet garni to the pot and allow to slowly simmer for 1 12 hours.nAdd at this time the carrots, leeks, turnips and parsnips and continue to slowly simmer for 20 minutes. Add the potatoes and cabbage and allow to cook for 20 minutes more before serving in bowls with a slice of cabbage, some broth and mustard and pickles., ingredients: [5 pounds beef shortribs, 2 quarts cold water, 1 onion, quartered, 2 ribs celery, thinly sliced diagonally, 3 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper corns, 1 tablespoon dry thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon rosemary, 4 cloves, 5 carrots, peeled, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 leeks, split well washed, 4 large white turnips, peeled, cut into quarters, 4 parsnips, peeled and cut into 1inch lengths, 6 large red bliss potatoes, washed and quartered, 1 small head cabbage, cut into wedges], title: New England Boiled Beef Dinner, picturelink: null}, 23953: {instructions: In a stainless steel bowl, whisk together the eggs, cream, and mustard. Season with the celery salt, cayenne pepper, and salt, to taste. The egg mixture can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 2 days. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pick through the crabmeat carefully to be sure that all the shell and cartilage are removed. Put 2 quarts of water on to boil. Brush 8 5ounce timbale molds with clarified butter. Cut out 8 round disks of waxed paper and place 1 in the bottom of each mold. Brush the paper with butter. Divide the crabmeat among the 8 molds. Pour 2 tablespoons of the custard over the crabmeat in each mold. Carefully fill the molds with the Spinach Mousse. Place the filled molds in a 12 by 12 by 2inch baking dish. Fill the dish halfway with boiling water and gently place on the lower rack of the oven. Bake for 50 to 60 minutes, or until the mousse is firm to the touch. If the tops of the timbales begin to brown, cover with aluminum foil. Carefully remove the dish from the oven and let the timbales set a bit. The timbales can be kept in a warm water bath on top of the stove for several hours. Drizzle with Smoked Tomato Beurre Blanc before serving.nIn a 2quart heavy bottomed saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the flour, and stir with a wooden spoon for 3 to 4 minutes or until the flour turns a light golden brown. Remove from heat. In a 1quart heavy bottomed saucepan, scald the milk and cream. Remove from the heat and add to the flour mixture, whisking to incorporate. Place over medium heat and cook, stirring frequently, until mixture is very thick. Remove from heat. Blanch spinach in rapidly boiling water for 30 seconds. Drain, pressing out any excess liquid. Add to the thickened cream mixture. Puree the spinach sauce in a blender or food processor until smooth. Add the eggs and blend lightly to just incorporate. Season with nutmeg, white pepper, and salt. Use as directed above.nFor sauce, heat shallots and cider vinegar in a medium skillet. Reduce until almost no liquid remains. Add cream and pureed tomatoes, bring to a boil, and reduce by 12. Reduce heat slightly, and whisking constantly, add butter, piece by piece the sauce should not be too hot while you are incorporating the butter. When all of the butter has been added, remove from heat and add chives, lemon juice, and salt, to taste. Keep warm until ready to use., ingredients: [2 eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Celery salt, Cayenne pepper, Salt, 12pound jumbo lump crabmeat, Clarified butter, Spinach Mousse, recipe follows, Smoked Tomato Beurre Blanc, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 quarts fresh spinach, stems removed, 4 eggs, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch freshly ground white pepper, Salt, 4 shallots, sliced, 4 ounces cider vinegar, 14 cup heavy cream, 3 tomatoes, smoked and pureed, 8 ounces unsalted butter, cubed, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives, 2 ounces fresh lemon juice, Salt], title: Crabmeat and Spinach Flan with Smoked Tomato Buerre Blanc, picturelink: qg0e4FUT3p1A6R6XjobB5WJuTCOs7LG}, 23954: {instructions: Grate cucumber into a large bowl. Add broccoli slaw and mint. Toss to combine and set aside.nIn a small bowl, whisk together yogurt, honey, and apple cider vinegar. Pour over slaw. Toss to mix thoroughly., ingredients: [1 medium cucumber, 1 12ounce bag broccoli coleslaw, 2 tablespoons finely chopped mint leaves, 34 cup yogurt, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar], title: Minted Broccoli Slaw, picturelink: 7eqnxr30HVZbK0LAQ.L0xzdimygf.}, 23955: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a bowl whisk together the oil, lemon juice, oregano, garlic and salt and pepper. In a shallow dish coat the fish steaks with the mixture and let marinate, covered and chilled, for 15 minutes. Arrange the fish in a foil lined baking pan and bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until fish is just cooked. In a bowl toss the tomatoes with the basil and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer the fish to serving plates and top each with some of the tomatobasil salad. Sprinkle with lemon juice and garnish with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano, or 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 4 6ounce swordfish or similar fish steaks, such as mako, or tuna, cut 1inch thick, 4 firm, ripe tomatoes, diced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh basil, Lemon juice, to taste, Lemon wedges, as an accompaniment], title: Pesce Spada, picturelink: null}, 23956: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the meatballs: Whisk the first 7 ingredients in a large bowl to blend. Stir in the cheese and bread crumbs. Mix in the beef, veal, and pork. Using about 2 tablespoons of meat for each, shape the meat mixture into 1 14 to 1 12inchdiameter meatballs. Place on a baking sheet.nHeat the oil in heavy large frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Working in 2 to 3 batches, add the meatballs and saute until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the meatballs to a plate. Pour off any excess oil. Return all the meatballs to the pan. Add the Marinara Sauce. Simmer over mediumlow until the sauce thickens slightly and the flavors blend, about 10 minutes. Season the sauce, to taste, with salt and pepper. The meatball mixture can be made 1 day ahead. Cool, then cover and refrigerate. Rewarm over medium heat before continuing.nTo make the sandwiches: Spoon the hot meatballs with some sauce over the bottoms of the rolls. Place 12 slice provolone on top of meatballs and sprinkle with the Parmesan. Spread more sauce over the roll tops, then fold the tops of the rolls over and serve.nIn a large casserole pot, heat the oil over a mediumhigh flame. Add the onions and garlic and saute until the onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the celery, carrots, and 12 teaspoon of each salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and bay leaves, and simmer uncovered over low heat until the sauce thickens, about 1 hour. Remove and discard the bay leaves. Season the sauce with more salt and pepper, to taste. The sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cool, then cover and refrigerate. Rewarm over medium heat before using., ingredients: [1 small onion, grated, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 23 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup dried Italianstyle bread crumbs, 6 ounces ground beef, 6ounces ground veal, 6 ounces ground pork, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, or 26ounce jar, storepurchased, Twelve 3 to 3 12inch diameter Italian rolls, split, warm, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 3 ounces sliced provolone, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 small onions, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Two 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 dried bay leaves], title: Mini Meatball Heroes, picturelink: Ps2QnOlAHEuGAiOkGQWJ6PoyzhCSfuK}, 23957: {instructions: In a saucepan on mediumhigh heat, add the butter, chicken stock and thyme. Simmer until the thyme wilts slightly, about 8 minutes. Add the corn and stir to break up any chunks. Simmer for about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, remove the sprigs of thyme, add the sour cream and season with salt and pepper. Stir to blend, and then serve with a dash of cayenne pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 12ounce package frozen corn, 14 cup sour cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cayenne pepper, for garnish], title: Natina Corn, picturelink: lLpEUOvw7EsuwYJzD4Ba.LFqc6FdGiW}, 23958: {instructions: Bring stock to a boil and reduce heat to a simmer. Add miso and stir until heated through. Pour into individual bowls. Divide tofu cubes and sliced scallions among the bowls and serve at once., ingredients: [8 cups vegetable stock, 8 ounces yellow miso, 4 ounces lowfat firm tofu, diced, 3 scallions], title: Miso Soup, picturelink: null}, 23959: {instructions: Special equipment: a medium slow cooker 4 quarts Place the onions in the bottom of the slow cooker insert and toss with 1 teaspoon of olive oil to coat. Sprinkle the cumin, smoked and sweet paprika, sugar and 12 teaspoon of salt on top of the onions and toss to coat the onions evenly. Lay the sliced peppers on top of the onions. Finally, top the peppers with the minced garlic and remaining salt and olive oil, tossing the pepper slices gently to coat.nCover and cook on low heat for 2 to 4 hours for firmer veggies or 4 to 6 hours for softer, soupier veggies, stirring once about an hour before the cooking time is completed. It may also be cooked on high for 1 to 2 hours firmer or 2 to 3 hours softer. Stir in the lime juice just before serving., ingredients: [2 medium yellow onions, either sliced with the grain in 12inchthick pieces if using as an accompaniment to meat or cut into 12 wedges, with the root ends intact to keep the wedges together if using as a main fajita filling, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 14 teaspoon sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 3 bell peppers red, yellow and orange, sliced into 34inch strips, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons lime juice], title: FajitaFilling Onions and Peppers, picturelink: GmgLLNlrq3MrbWhGFL7HfakhaelZagC}, 23960: {instructions: In a large, heavy saucepan, heat 5 to 6 inches of oil to 375 degrees F. Fry the tortillas, 1 by 1, in the hot oil until they are soft, about 10 seconds and drain on paper towels. Reserve, covered, in a warm spot. Heat wire potato nest baskets in the hot oil for several seconds, or until they are very hot. Fit a soft tortilla into the bottom basket and place the smaller basket on top of the tortilla. Immerse the baskets in the hot oil and cook until the tortilla is crispy and golden brown. Remove the tortilla cup from the basket and invert on paper towels to drain. Repeat the procedure with the other tortillas. If you dont have a potato nest basket, you can also lay the tortillas 1 by 1 on the surface of the hot oil, then immediately push the center to the bottom with a small, empty tin can, thus creating a free form cup. Be sure to use tongs and heat resistant gloves to protect yourself.nCut the shrimp into piece the same size as the bay scallops. Refrigerate the shrimp, ahi, and scallops separately.nIn a bowl, mix together the olive oil, lime juice, cilantro, red onion, and tomato and add salt and pepper, to taste. Add the seafood to this mixture and marinate, in the refrigerator, for 15 minutes to 45 minutes.nPlace the tortilla cups on plates. Divide the seviche among the cups and garnish with sprigs of cilantro., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 4 to 6 small, thin corn tortillas, about 8inches in diameter, 12 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 pound fresh baby bay scallops, side muscles removed, 12 pound ahi tuna, diced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus 6 sprigs for garnish, 12 medium red onion, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 medium, ripe tomato, peeled, seeded, and cut into 14inch cubes, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Bay Scallop, Shrimp, and Ahi Tuna Ceviche in Tortilla Cups, picturelink: null}, 23961: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a blender and puree until smooth, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drink immediately.nAloha, ingredients: [1 mango, skin removed, cut into 1inch dice, frozen, 5 strawberries, stems removed, cut half, frozen, 1 cup diced pineapple, 1 cup orange juice], title: Mango, Strawberry, and Pineapple Smoothie, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 23962: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nFilling:nIn a 10 12inch cast iron skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add 1 cup onion, garlic, green pepper, cumin, and chili powder, and cook for about 3 to 5 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender. Add the lime juice, cannellini beans, chicken, broth, and green chiles, and stir until just combined. Remove from the heat and set aside.nCrust:nIn a medium mixing bowl, beat the egg. Add the milk, butter, and cornbread mix, and blend well. Stir in 14 cup onion and the cheese. Pour over the chicken chili in the skillet. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the cornbread is golden brown. Remove from the oven and let cool for about 5 minutes.nIf desired, top with sour cream, salsa, and cilantro before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 14 cups finely chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium green bell pepper, chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 19ounce can cannellini beans, 2 cups cooked chicken, chopped, 1 14ounce can chicken broth, 1 4 12ounce can mild green chiles, drained, 1 egg, 12 cup milk, 3 tablespoons butter or margarine, melted, 1 6ounce package cornbread mix recommended: Martha White brand Cotton Pickinu2019 or Buttermilk, 1 cup shredded cheddar, Sour cream, optional, for garnish, Salsa, optional, for garnish, Fresh cilantro sprigs, optional, for garnish], title: White Chicken Chili with Cheddar Hushpuppy Crust, picturelink: null}, 23963: {instructions: Special equipment: A thermometernFor the dough: Lightly grease a large bowl and set aside.nIn a small pot, bring the milk just to a boil over medium heat. Watch closely to ensure that the milk doesnt boil over. Add it to a small bowl and let it cool to 105 to 110 degrees F. It should be warm to the touch but not too hot. Add the whole egg and yolks and stir to combine.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour, cranberries, granulated sugar, yeast and salt. Add the warm milk mixture and mix just until combined.nSwitch to the dough hook and knead the dough on low speed until smooth and elastic, about 6 minutes. Add the butter a piece at a time until completely incorporated. Form the dough into a ball, put it in the prepared bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Leave it in a warm, draftfree spot until it has doubled in size, about 1 hour.nFor the topping: Meanwhile, butter a 9by13inch baking dish.nAdd 3 tablespoons water to a small saucepan, then add the granulated sugar to the center of the pan. Cook the sugar mixture over mediumhigh heat, swirling the pan occasionally, until it is a deep amber, 6 to 8 minutes. Whisk in the butter, cream and salt until smooth be careful, it will sputter. Pour the caramel into the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle the nuts evenly over the top. Set aside.nFor the filling: Mix together the brown sugar, cinnamon and salt in a small bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nWhen the dough has doubled, tip it out onto a very lightly floured work surface. Knead it once or twice to expel the air and then roll it into a 16by12inch rectangle.nSpread the butter evenly over the surface and sprinkle with the reserved filling and the ginger. Tightly roll up the dough and pinch the top seam closed. With a serrated knife, cut the roll crosswise into 12 equal pieces. Set them in the dish with the topping, spirals facing upward. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and let them rest until the dough has almost doubled again, about 1 hour. They should look pillowy and all of the rolls will be touching.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUncover the rolls, set a piece of aluminum foil on a lower oven rack to catch any caramel that may drip and bake until deep golden brown and puffed, 25 to 30 minutes. Give the center roll a wiggleif its set in place, the buns are ready to come out. If the middle of that center roll feels soft, give them another few minutes. Let cool on a rack for 5 minutes, then carefully cut around the edge with a paring knife and invert the rolls onto a serving plate. Let cool slightly before eating., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature and cut into pieces, plus more for the bowl, 12 cup whole milk, 1 large egg plus 3 large egg yolks, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the surface, 12 cup dried cranberries, coarsely chopped, 12 cup granulated sugar, One 14ounce package active dry yeast, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 34 cups coarsely chopped nuts such as walnuts and pecans, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup chopped candied ginger], title: Cranberry Ginger Sticky Buns, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 23964: {instructions: Wash and sort the mussels, pulling off any pieces of protruding beard. Combine the wine, shallots, bay leaf, and thyme in a 10quart pot and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer for about 5 minutes, then add the mussels, cover the pot, and turn the heat up to high. When steam starts to shoot out from under the lid, turn the heat back down to medium. Leave the pot on the heat for 5 minutes more. Leave the lid on the pot and holding down the lid with a kitchen towel. Shake pot to redistribute the mussels. Put the pot back on the heat for 2 minutes more. Take off the lid and check to see if all the mussels have opened. If not, replace the lid and cook for 2 minutes more. Remove the lid, wait a minute for the steam to dissipate, scoop the mussels out of the pot with a large spoon or skimmer, and place them in hot bowls, discarding any unopened mussels. If the liquid in the bottom of the pan is sandy, carefully pour it into a clean saucepan, leaving any sand or grit behind. Add the chopped parsley to the hot broth, whisk in the butter if desired, and season with pepper. Heat the broth for a 1or 2 and ladle it over the hot mussels. Serve slices of crusty bread at the table., ingredients: [6 pounds mussels, preferably small cultivated, 2 cups dry white wine, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 1 Turkish bay leaf, 2 fresh thyme sprigs or 12 teaspoon dried, 3 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 14 pound unsalted butter optional pepper], title: Steamed Mussels with White Wine and Parsley, picturelink: null}, 23965: {instructions: Make the sauce: Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and lemon zest and cook until the garlic is slightly soft, about 1 minute. Add in the flour and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon,1 minute. Whisk in the milk and 34 teaspoon salt and cook, whisking constantly, until just thickened, about 3 minutes. Add the Neufchatel and parmesan cheese whisk until melted, about 1 minute. Stir in the chopped parsley. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the fettuccine and cook until al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain the pasta and return to the pot. Add the sauce and 12 cup of the reserved cooking water to the pasta and gently toss to combine, adding more cooking water as needed to loosen. Season with salt. Divide among bowls and top with parmesan and pepper.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup lowfat 2 milk, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons Neufchtel or lowfat cream cheese, 34 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 12 ounces fresh fettuccine, Freshly ground pepper], title: LowCal Fettuccine Alfredo, picturelink: dP6biYwaycJNvPiwoP3GAzgrTGVtjC}, 23966: {instructions: FISH TACOS: Heat peanut oil to 350F in a large dutch oven or deep fryer. In a 9 x13 glass dish, combine club soda and tempura batter mix. Season fish with salt and pepper. Coat pieces of fish in batter and carefully drop them into the hot oil to cook.nFry for about 3 minutes until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Warm tortillas in the microwave or in a dry skillet over medium heat. Pile some fried fish on each corn tortilla and top with chipotle cream, red onion, cabbage and cilantro sprigs. Squeeze on some fresh lime juice and enjoy.nCHIPOTLE CREAM: Combine ingredients in a small mixing bowl with a spoon or rubber spatula until combined, adding more or less chipotle according to your taste., ingredients: [2 lbs. halibut, snapper or cod cut into 2x1 inch pieces, 1 box tempura batter, 1 12 cups club soda, 2 cups shredded Napa cabbage, 12 cup thinly sliced red onion, 8 corn tortillas, fresh cilantro sprigs, 2 limes, cut into wedges, salt and pepper to taste, peanut oil for frying, 1 cup sour cream, 1 minced chipotle with its sauce, or to taste, salt and pepper to taste], title: Baja Fish Tacos With Chipotle Cream, picturelink: null}, 23967: {instructions: Cut the chicken into 34inch cubes. Combine the cubes with the egg white, 2 tablespoons of water and 3 tablespoons of the cornstarch. Mix well. Heat the 2 cups oil in a wok to 280 degrees F, or put 1 piece of chicken in the oil and, when the bubbles rise from it like Champagne bubbles, add the rest of the chicken. Stir the chicken slowly and cook until the pink is no longer visible. Drain in a colander.nCombine the bell peppers, scallions and ginger in a colander. Rinse in cold water. With a pair of scissors, cut the hot peppers lengthwise and then cut again widthwise, flaking the bits on top of the vegetables in the colander.nSauce: Combine the soy sauce, sherry, garlic, sugar, salt, 2 tablespoons of cold water, and the remaining 1 tablespoon cornstarch. Mix well.nHeat the 3 teaspoons oil in a wok until smoking. Stirfry the vegetables for 5 minutes, or until bright in color. Add the chicken cubes and stirfry for 30 seconds. Add the cocktail peanuts and toss 3 times.nRestir the sauce and add it to the chicken and vegetables. Toss 5 times quickly and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 cups plus 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 medium green bell peppers, seeded and cut into 1inch diamondshape pieces, 1 medium red bell pepper, optional, seeded and cut into 1inch diamondshape pieces, 1 bunch scallions, peeled and cut on the diagonal into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh ginger, 2 dried hot red chile peppers, or to taste and tolerance, 1 cup cocktail peanuts, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 3 garlic cloves, crushed and minced, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 1 egg white, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Governors Chicken, picturelink: null}, 23968: {instructions: Edible flowers or fresh currants, for garnishnFill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add gin, lemon juice, and Simple Syrup. Cover and shake until mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Strain into a chilled champagne coupe or flute. Top with Champagne and garnish with an edible flower or currants.nCopyright 2007 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month.nYield: about 1 12 cups, ingredients: [1 ounce gin, 12 ounce freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 5 ounces chilled Rose Champagne, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Rose 75, picturelink: arCrYta6qAyHv86OagxHVVOB7mkysOa}, 23969: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the sugar and mayonnaise until blended. Add the vanilla and blend. Sift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt and add it to the mayonnaise mixture in 3 batches alternating with the buttermilk.nPour into a greased and floured 9 by 9 by 2inch baking pan. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until a cake tester comes out clean.nLet cool on a wire rack, dust with confectioners sugar and garnish with whipped cream before serving., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup real mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups cake flour, 12 cup Dutch process cocoa, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, Sweetened whipped cream, for garnish], title: Chocolate Mayonnaise Cake, picturelink: null}, 23970: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the remoulade: Stir together the mayonnaise, hot sauce, parsley, capers, chile powder, garlic, lemon juice and green onions in a bowl or for a smoother remoulade, whizz in a food processor. Chill thoroughly before serving.nFor the classic cocktail sauce: Stir the ketchup, horseradish, Worcestershire and some salt and pepper together in a bowl. Chill before serving.nFor the avocado crema: Put the yogurt, cilantro, avocados, lime juice and some salt in a food processor and mix until completely smooth. Gradually add the milk and keep blending until the desired consistency is reached. You can add more or less milk as desired.nArrange the shrimp on a large platter over ice, and serve with separate ramekins of the avocado crema, remoulade and classic cocktail sauce and lemon wedges to garnish., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Louisiana hot sauce, or more to taste, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 14 teaspoon chile powder, 1 clove garlic, pressed, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 green onion, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, or more to taste, 2 to 3 avocados ripe but not overripe, Juice of 1 lime, or more to taste, Salt, About 34 cup milk, 12 to 13 pounds peeled, cooked, tailon large shrimp, chilled, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Shrimp Cocktail Bar: Classic Cocktail Sauce, Avocado Crema, Remoulade, picturelink: 3pyVOrz1YUMy0QEWLumQTvRN99MO0QC}, 23971: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Cookie cuttersnPunch shapes out of the bread with a cookie cutter. Punch shapes out of the turkey and cheese. Place the hummus in a small food storage container to use as a spread for the sandwich.nPack the hummus, bread, cheese, turkey, tomato, cucumber and lettuce in a lunch container. Assemble the sandwich when ready to eat., ingredients: [2 slices wholegrain bread, 2 slices lowsodium smoked turkey breast, 1 slice reducedfat Cheddar, 1 tablespoon hummus, 2 slices tomato, 1 thin slice cucumber, 1 small lettuce leaf], title: Easy Kids Lunches: Fun Shaped Sandwiches, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 23972: {instructions: Separate frogs legs and dry thoroughly with a cloth. Lightly flour. Place some clarified butter in a frying pan on the heat and add the floured and seasoned frogs legs. Fry gently. Smother the frogs legs with the smashed garlic and turn the legs after 2 minutes. Add the herbs in the pan and then pour over heated Calvados and set alight  give the pan a good shake and then add the dry white wine. Reduce the heat  cover and allow to cook gently for 4 minutes. Cut the apple in half  scoop out the center with a teaspoon leaving 14inch of flesh around the outside. Heat broiler unit to medium. Place the apple under the broiler for 10 minutes. Season the frogs legs with salt and pepper, add the sour cream, Worcestershire sauce and capers and then the 2 tablespoons of dry white wine. Stir gently to combine. Place the frogs legs on a heated serving dish  coat with a little of the sauce and serve the rest of the sauce in the broiled apple halves., ingredients: [4 pairs of frogs legs, All purpose flour, Clarified butter, Salt, black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, finely smashed, 2 tablespoons parsley, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh basil, finely chopped, or 1 teaspoon dried, 1 tablespoon fresh chives, finely chopped, or 1 teaspoon dried, 1 tablespoon fresh tarragon, finely chopped, or 1 teaspoon dried, 14 cup Calvados, heated, 14 cup dry white wine, plus 2 tablespoons, Large Granny Smith apple, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons capers], title: Frogs Legs, picturelink: null}, 23973: {instructions: Lightly grease outside of potatoes, cut small slit in top and bake at 425 degrees F for 45 minute or until soft. Let stand until cool enough to handle, about 15 minutes.nCut potatoes in half lengthwise and scoop out cooked potato, leaving a very thin layer of potato. Save cooked potato for mashed potatoes or hash browns.nBrush outside and inside of skins with melted butter. Sprinkle inside with steak seasoning and Parmesan cheese.nPlace on lightly greased baking sheet. Bake 8 minutes or until crisp and bubbly.nFill with cheddar cheese and bacon. Bake 3 minutes or until cheese is melted. Top with a dollop of sour cream and sprinkle of chives.nVariation: Twice Baked Potato Fingers Bake 3 large about 5inch potatoes for 1 hour cool. Cut in half lengthwise, and then lengthwise in half again, making 12 long fingers. Scoop out and proceed as above., ingredients: [6 small baking potatoes, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 2 teaspoons seasoned salt, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, 1 12 cups shredded cheddar cheese, 4 strips cooked, crumbled bacon, 34 cup Daisy Brand Sour Cream, 2 teaspoons snipped fresh chives], title: Potato Skins, picturelink: RUF4Xo5EX2HflDO33MBBUpr8CBxmVR.}, 23974: {instructions: Special equipment: Medium sized star pastry tipnIn a small mixing bowl, combine salmon cream cheese, capers, chives and lemon juice. Stir to combine thoroughly.nMake a pastry bag by cutting a small triangle out of the bottom corner of a large ziptop bag. Place a medium sized star pastry tip on the inside of bag and fit tightly into hole. Hold pastry bag upright with 1 hand and scoop salmon cream cheese mixture into the bag with other hand. Secure top and refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a small bowl, blend the butter and tarragon and set aside.nTo make sandwiches, spread tarragon butter on 2 slices of bread and place 6 to 8 cucumber slices between them. Repeat to make 15 sandwiches. Use a 3inch flower shaped cookie cutter to stamp out sandwich flowers.nArrange sandwiches on serving platter. Remove pastry bag from refrigerator and pipe salmon cream cheese mixture on top of each sandwich flower., ingredients: [1 8ounce container salmon cream cheese spread, 2 teaspoons capers, minced, 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 cup butter, softened, 1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon, 30 slices thinly sliced white bread recommended: Sara Lee, 1 English cucumber, thinly sliced], title: Cucumber Tea Sandwich Flowers, picturelink: y4IpWT8g61Q.rCtOVppqGYeE0ei07m}, 23975: {instructions: Make the bechamel sauce, recipe follows, in a large 12inch ovensafe skillet.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta until nearing al dente, but not fully cooked drain. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOver low heat, stir the dry mustard and cayenne pepper into the bechamel sauce. Gradually add the Cheddar, Gruyere, and 1 cup Parmesan cheese, stirring constantly until all of the cheese has melted into the bechamel sauce. Add an additional cup of milk and cream. Taste and adjust the seasonings, if needed.nIn another large skillet, cook the bacon until crispy and golden brown. Remove the cooked bacon from the skillet, reserving 3 tablespoons rendered bacon fat.nAdd the cooked pasta to the bechamel and stir to coat evenly with the sauce. In a small bowl, combine the bread crumbs, chopped parsley, and reserved bacon fat. Coat the bread crumbs and chopped parsley with bacon fat and sprinkle the mixture over the top of the macaroni. Sprinkle the top with 12 cup Parmesan cheese.nBake until the top is browned and the sauce is bubbling, 20 to 25 minutes. Top with crumbled cooked bacon. Let sit 5 minutes before serving.nTo make the Bechamel:nMelt the butter in a heavybottomed saucepan or an ovensafe skillet.nWhisk in the flour and cook, stirring constantly, until the paste cooks and bubbles a bit, avoid browning, about 2 minutes. Add the hot milk, continuing to stir as the sauce thickens. Bring the sauce to a boil. Add the nutmeg, salt, and pepper, to taste. Reduce the heat, and cook, stirring for 2 to 3 minutes more. Remove from the heat., ingredients: [Bechamel sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound dry pasta recommended: elbow macaroni, shells, penne, etc., 1 teaspoon dry mustard, or to taste, 14 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 2 cups grated sharp Cheddar cheese, 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 1 cup, plus 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup milk, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 12 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 6 slices bacon, cooked, reserve 14 cup rendered bacon fat, 14 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup flour, 3 cups hot whole milk, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste], title: Skillet Bacon Mac and Cheese, picturelink: 0i2R4bxhsAq.MyCVhK2UemyM88Rn5Hi}, 23976: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nScatter pumpkin seeds onto a sheet pan in a single layer and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Bake for about 7 minutes, until light brown and crispy., ingredients: [Seeds from 1 large pumpkin, rinsed and dried, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Toasted Pumpkin Seeds, picturelink: hbEcIECcULFJmnsme44NC5vaPc4RvIe}, 23977: {instructions: Place broccoli rabe in a large microwavesafe bowl with 14 cup water. Cover with wet paper towel. Heat on HIGH for 6 to 8 minutes, until tender, but crisp.nIn a small saucepan, over mediumhigh heat, combine remaining ingredients. Heat through, about 1 to 2 minutes.nRemove broccoli rabe from microwave and drain water. Add black bean sauce and toss in a bowl. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound broccoli rabe, rinsed and trimmed, 14 cup water, 12 cup black bean garlic sauce recommended: Lee Kum Kee, 1 teaspoon sesame seed oil, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Broccoli Rabe with Black Bean Sauce, picturelink: fG54IsmLOh6zaVRQk6ivTNTmd3HsYt.}, 23978: {instructions: In a small bowl, stir together the warm water and yeast until dissolved. Set aside for 5 minutes.nIn a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, blend the flours and salt. With the mixer running on low, pour in the yeast and water mixture. Mix for 1 minute, then add in the honey and olive oil. Once the dough comes together, add the olives. Mix until the olives are just incorporated.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead by hand until smooth and elastic, 2 to 3 minutes. Put the dough on an oiled 13 by 9inch baking sheet, cover lightly with plastic wrap and let rise for 30 minutes in a warm place.nWhile the dough is rising, heat the 8 ounces of olive oil and garlic cloves in a small skillet over low heat. Simmer until the garlic is golden, 15 to 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDivide the goat cheese between 6 small ovenproof bowls or ramekins. Divide the garlic, olive oil and nicoise olives between the bowls. Set aside.nWhen the focaccia dough has risen, press the dough down with your fingertips until it fills the baking sheet, then brush with olive oil. Bake until golden brown and hollow sounding when tapped, about 45 to 50 minutes. Add the goat cheese bowls to the oven during the last 10 to 15 minutes of baking time. Bake until the cheese is warm and lightly browned.nSlice the focaccia into thick wedges and serve 2 slices of warm focaccia with each bowl of warm goat cheese. Garnish the baked cheese with chives and serve., ingredients: [1 14 cups warm water, 1 envelope active dry yeast, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 9 ounces, 2 cups plus 3 tablespoons bread flour, 9 ounces, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for brushing, 12 cup pitted and chopped green picholine olives, 3 ounces, 8 ounces olive oil, 12 cloves garlic, 12 ounces goat cheese, 12 nicoise olives, pitted and halved, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, for garnish], title: Santa Barbara Olive Focaccia with Baked Goat Cheese, picturelink: 7QYLowx138JP5BqUK704VlrIzrxZ2}, 23979: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Slice half of the onion into thin rings and set aside. Place the other onion half, tomatillos and serranos on a foillined baking sheet and broil until the vegetables are soft and slightly brown, 7 to 10 minutes, turning as needed. Transfer the vegetables and any liquid to a blender, add the broth and puree. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and the sugar.nMeanwhile, stack the tortillas, wrap in a damp paper towel and microwave just until warm and soft, 1 minute keep covered. Toss the chicken with 2 cups shredded cheese in a bowl. Spoon a portion of the chicken mixture down the middle of each tortilla. Add a few cilantro leaves and roll up. Place the enchiladas side by side in a lightly oiled 9by13inch baking dish and brush with the 2 tablespoons olive oil. Broil until crisp and golden, 3 minutes.nPour the tomatillo sauce over the enchiladas and top with the remaining 12 cup shredded cheese. Return to the oven and broil until the cheese is bubbly and golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Garnish with the onion rings, queso fresco and any remaining cilantro.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 small red onion, halved, 1 12 pounds tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 1 to 2 serrano chile peppers, stemmed and seeded, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt, Pinch of sugar, 8 corn tortillas, 3 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, 2 12 cups shredded mozzarella andor Monterey Jack cheese, 13 cup fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for greasing, 34 cup crumbled queso fresco or feta cheese], title: ChickenandCheese Enchiladas, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 23980: {instructions: Whisk together the sugar, water, fish sauce and lime or lemon juice in a bowl until the sugar is completely dissolved. Add the garlic, chili and shallot if using, and let stand for 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [5 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 13 cup fish sauce, 12 cup lime or lemon juice about 3 limes or 2 lemons, 1 large clove garlic, crushed, peeled and sliced or minced, 1 or more birds eye or Thai chilies, seeded, and sliced or minced, 1 shallot, peeled, thinly sliced, rinsed and drained optional], title: Nuoc Cham Fish Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 23981: {instructions: In a saute pan, cook the bacon, drain the fat and cut into small pieces. In the same pan, add onion, aji verdes and garlic. Saute until golden brown. Add the ham. Add tomato paste and caramelize. Add pigeon peas and chicken stock. Season with salt to taste and bring to a boil. Add rice and stir once. Cook on medium heat until most of the liquid is absorbed. Cover with banana leaves and continue cooking on very low heat until the rest of the liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [6 strips bacon, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 aji verdes Italian frying peppers, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound ham, diced, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 15ounce cans pigeon peas, 6 cups chicken stock, Salt, to taste, 6 cups Canilla rice, Banana leaves optional], title: Arroz con Gandules, picturelink: null}, 23982: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the stems and tails off the beets. Do not peel. Line the bottom of a baking pan with foil. Place the beets in the pan and toss them with half of the olive oil, salt and pepper. Roast for 25 minutes.nTrim both ends off the pearl onions. Then toss them with remaining olive oil and salt and pepper. Add pearl onions to the beets and roast an additional 15 minutes, until beets and onions are tender.nPeel and remove the membranes from the oranges with a sharp paring knife. Cut the oranges in half lengthwise and then crosswise into thin slices. Seed the slices, if necessary.nPeel and quarter the beets. Lay the beets on a large platter. Top the beets with the orange pieces. Scatter the roasted onions around the beats.nIn a medium bowl, combine the hazelnut oil, coriander, and orange juice. Whisk until well combined and season with salt and pepper.nDrizzle the dressing on top and sprinkle with coriander, toasted hazelnuts and grated cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound beets, preferably very small ones, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 20 large pearl onions, about 12 pound, 2 oranges, peeled and cut into wedges, 2 tablespoons hazelnut oil, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh coriander leaves also known as cilantro plus extra for garnish, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 tablespoons hazelnuts, toasted and peeled, 1ounce pecorino, optional, grated on mediumsized holes of box grater], title: Roasted Beet, Onion, and Orange Salad, picturelink: XJvFShhF5zH3ZN.H0k8xPagYOgcPW}, 23983: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and add just enough water to cover them. Add 1 teaspoon salt and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Do not boil. Cook for 12 to 15 minutes or until the potatoes are just tender enough to slide off a paring knife when pierced. Drain well and return to the pan. Set the pan over low heat and cook for 1 to 2 minutes to dry the potatoes out.nRemove from the heat and lightly mash the potatoes with a fork just to break them up. Stir in the milk, mashed garlic and olive oil. Run the potatoes through a food mill or mash them with a potato masher to the desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve immediately.nPut the cloves in a dry cast iron skillet and cook over low heat for 20 to 30 minutes, or until softened. Turn frequently so that the cloves soften but do not brown. Slide the cloves from the skillet onto a plate to cool to the touch. Squeeze the softened garlic pulp from the individual cloves., ingredients: [4 large russet potatoes about 2 pounds, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 to 3 teaspoons warm lowfat milk, 2 tablespoons Roasted Garlic Cloves, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, Unpeeled garlic cloves, as needed], title: Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 23984: {instructions: Whisk together the honey, whole grain mustard, lemon juice, and then stream in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and toss with the escarole., ingredients: [1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 lemon,juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large head escarole, washed and hand torn], title: Escarole Salad, picturelink: 0101yzuvl5Opod2gFJjqZs0gq1I22LO}, 23985: {instructions: Heat the oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot with 3 quarts of water to a boil over medium heat.nAdd the lemons, onion, spice mix and the corn. Let boil for about 5 minutes before adding the shrimp. Cook the shrimp until they curl, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain the mixture and remove the shrimp to a strainer. Run cold water over them to stop them from cooking. Cut the corn off the husk and add the kernels to a large bowl. Add the jalapenos, cream cheese, butter, salt and pepper and stir gently to combine. Coarsely chop the shrimp and gently mix them into the corn mixture.nLay the won ton wrappers out on flat surface and put 1 teaspoon of the corn mixture in the middle of each wrapper. With your finger or a pastry brush, coat the outside edges of the wrappers with beaten egg. Fold the 4 corners of the wrappers to the top and seal down the sides, bring careful to push out all the air. Make sure you get a tight seal on all of the seams. Fry the won tons in the hot oil until they are golden brown, about 4 minutes. Remove from the oil and arrange on a serving plate. Serve with the dipping sauce.nFor the dipping sauce:nAdd all the ingredients in a serving bowl and mix well to combine., ingredients: [1 quart canola oil, for frying, 3 quarts water, 2 lemons, halved, 1 yellow onion 1015 if possible, peeled and cut in quarters, 2 tablespoons spice mix recommended: Swamp Fire, 2 fresh ears yellow corn, 12 pound fresh gulf shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 tablespoon chopped pickled jalapeno peppers, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 dash kosher salt, 1 dash freshly cracked black pepper, 1 package won ton wrappers, 1 egg, beaten, 13 cup peach preserves recommended: Texas, 13 cup water, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, greens only, 1 dash hot sauce recommended: Tabasco], title: Texas Won Tons, picturelink: 7MxTEN6nnc3HDQYBzPO42UlNUBIXGui}, 23986: {instructions: For the pulled chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the chicken with the ancho chile powder, salt and pepper. Heat a few tablespoons of oil in a medium highsided ovenproof saute pan over high heat. Sear the chicken on both sides until golden brown. Add the chicken broth and barbecue sauce, bring to simmer, cover and cook in the oven until forktender, about 1 hour.nRemove the chicken from the pan, loosely cover and let rest for 15 minutes. Reduce the cooking liquid in the pan over mediumhigh heat until about 12 cup remains. Shred the chicken with a fork into bitesize pieces. Return the chicken to the pan and toss to coat in the mixture. Reserve.nFor the chiles: Increase the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss the poblanos with the oil, salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet and roast, turning occasionally, until blackened and soft, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cover with plastic wrap to steam. Once cool enough to handle, scrape off the skins. Make a long slash in one side of each poblano, from stem to tip. Carefully remove and discard the seeds. Reserve.nFor the tortillas: Line a baking sheet with paper towels. Heat the oil in a medium highsided saute pan over medium heat until it begins to shimmer. Fry the 12inch tortilla strips in batches, until just crisp, 20 to 30 seconds. Transfer with a slotted spoon to one side of the prepared baking sheet and season with salt. Fry the julienned tortillas and transfer with a slotted spoon to the other side of the baking sheet and season with salt. Reserve.nFor the cooked tomato salsa: Combine the tomatoes, jalapeno, garlic and 12 cup water in a blender and blend until smooth. Heat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat until it just begins to shimmer. Add the pureed tomato mixture, oregano, salt and pepper and cook until the mixture thickens slightly and becomes a deep red, about 15 minutes. Reserve.nFor the migasfilled chile rellenos: Put the cream in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook until reduced by half do not let it boil. Whisk in the cheese until melted season with salt and pepper. Cover and keep warm over very low heat.nMelt the butter and oil in a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and bell pepper and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the jalapeno and cook for 1 minute. Add the eggs, season with salt and pepper and stir with a heatproof rubber spatula until small curds form. Remove from the heat and fold in the pulled chicken, cilantro and 12inch tortilla strips. Fill the roasted poblanos with the mixture.nTo serve, spoon some of the cooked tomato salsa onto 8 large dinner plates, top each with a chile relleno and drizzle with some of the cheese sauce. Garnish with the julienned tortillas and cilantro leaves., ingredients: [8 bonein, skinless chicken thighs, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for searing, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup barbecue sauce, such as Mesa Grill Barbecue Sauce or your favorite brand, 8 poblano chiles, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt and black pepper to taste, 1 cup canola oil, Two 6inch yellow tortillas, one cut into 12inch strips and one julienned, Two 6inch blue corn tortillas, one cut into 12inch strips and one julienned, Kosher salt, 2 large overlyripe beefsteak tomatoes, roughly chopped, 1 jalapeno, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 12 cups shredded chihuhua cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 1 medium bell pepper, julienned, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 9 large eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus leaves for garnish], title: MigasFilled Chile Rellenos with Pulled Chicken, Tomato Salsa and Chiuhaha Sauce, picturelink: fz5SAEjIbmxbM3nsYWln9ePhNs32a6}, 23987: {instructions: Bring large pot of water to the a boil and add salt, When it returns to the boil, add 5 ears of corn and cook 3 minutes. Remove from pot and set aside to cool. Drop another five cobs, and repeat process until all corn is cooked. When cool, cut corn from cobs with a sharp knife. Combine cut corn, tomatoes, yellow peppers and red onion in a large bowl. Place chiles, garlic, lime juice, salt and pepper in a small bowl and whisk to combine. Drizzle in oil while whisking so as to form an emulsion. Pour over vegetables and stir gently to combine. Can be held in refrigerator 2 days or at room temperature 1 hour. Stir in oregano right before serving., ingredients: [15 ears of fresh corn, 2 tablespoons salt, 10 Italian Roma tomatoes, cored and diced, 2 yellow peppers, diced, 2 medium red onions, minced fine, 2 jalapeno or Serrano chiles, stemmed, deveined, seeded if desired and minced, 2 cloves of garlic, minced or pureed, 14 cup lime juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 2 bunches fresh oregano, washed and picked over to yield 14 cup leaves], title: Corn and Tomato Salad with Fresh Oregano, picturelink: null}, 23988: {instructions: Butter a 2 quart baking dish. Preheat the broiler and arrange a rack on top.nMelt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter in a small pan over low heat. In a large bowl add the garlic, basil, panko, and 14 cup of the Parmesan. Add the melted butter and toss to combine. Reserve.nBring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook according to the package instructions. Meanwhile, put the halfandhalf in a small pot and bring to a simmer over low heat. Simmer until reduced and slightly thickened, about 5 to 7 minutes.nReserve 14 cup of the pasta cooking water and drain the pasta. Put the pot over low heat and add the halfandhalf mixture. When it simmers, add the goat cheese and whisk until smooth. Add in the remaining Parmesan and whisk until melted.nAdd the pasta and stir to coat. Stir in the pesto, reserved cooking water, salt, and pepper. Season with additional salt and freshly ground black pepper, if needed.nPour the pasta mixture into the buttered baking dish and top with the panko mixture. Put under the broiler until the mixture bubbles and the top is browned, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the broiler and let cool for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra for baking dish, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped basil leaves, 34 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 34 cups Parmesan, 1 pound mini pasta shells, 2 cups halfandhalf, 16 ounces goat cheese, 12 cup pesto sauce, storebought or homemade, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Pesto Mac and Goat Cheese, picturelink: lp1aY1N3LQzUAVWBjDiSkUMn05mACZe}, 23989: {instructions: Special equipment: A melon baller 15 to 30 thin skewers or decorative toothpicks, depending on lengthnCut the pineapple into 12inch thick slices. Cut the slices into 12inch cubes and discard the hard pieces that come from the core. Set aside to drain on paper towels. Use the melon baller to make balls from the honeydew, about the same size as the pineapple chunks. On very fine skewers or decorative toothpicks, thread a blueberry, a piece of pineapple, a mint leaf, a melon ball, a piece of pineapple, and finally, a blueberry. Chill, covered, until ready to serve, up to 8 hours. Just before serving, squeeze lime juice over the skewers., ingredients: [12 pineapple, peeled, 12 honeydew melon, seeded, 30 large blueberries, 15 fresh mint leaves, 1 lime, cut into wedges], title: Melon Ball and Pineapple Brochettes, picturelink: null}, 23990: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the onions and sumac and toss well. Set aside until ready to serve.nIn a large bowl, combine the lamb, onions, parsley, garlic, and kirmizi biber, and mix thoroughly, kneading with your hand. Add the egg white and salt, and knead mixture to a paste. Divide it into 4 equal portions, and roll each portion into a flat, sausage shape.nWipe kebab skewers with oil, and using a dampened hand gently squeeze meat against the skewer. Secure meat onto skewer by squeezing mixture up and down, spreading it evenly and making sure it is firmly attached to the skewer.nPreheat a grill to medium high heat and brush it with oil. Roast the poblano chiles over the grill. Keep turning so the skin is evenly charred, without burning and drying out the flesh. Transfer charred peppers to a plastic bag, tie the top closed and let steam until cool to the touch, about 15 minutes. Peel off the charred skin by hand. Cut away stems, seeds and veins, and halve them.nHeat the flat bread or pita until warm but not crisp, cut into cubes and wrap in foil to keep warm.nGrill the kebabs, brushing them with the melted butter, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Grill the tomato halves at the same time.nTo serve, place the bread cubes on a serving platter or individual plates, drizzle with melted butter, remove meat from skewers and place over bread. Top with roasted peppers and tomatoes, drizzle with more butter, and serve immediately with the sumac relish., ingredients: [2 onions, very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons sumac, 2 pounds ground lamb, 2 onions, finely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped parsley, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon kirmizi biber, 1 egg white, Salt, 4 to 6 poblano chiles, Flat bread or pitas, Melted butter, 4 to 6 tomatoes, halved], title: Ground Lamb Kebabs with Sumac Relish, picturelink: null}, 23991: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat skillet with extravirgin olive oil, add meat and brown. Season the meat with salt and pepper, to taste, chili powder, cumin, coriander, cinnamon and paprika. Add the bay leaf, onions, bell pepper and garlic to the pan. Cook until onions are soft, 8 minutes. Add lemon juice and zest, Worcestershire sauce and tomato sauce. Stir and reduce heat to simmer.nBring butter and stock to a boil in a pot with tight fitting lid. Add dried fruit and couscous, stir then turn off heat and set lid in place. Let stand 5 minutes. Add nuts and herbs and toss with fork.nToast pita wedges in hot oven or under broiler. Pile chili in bowls, top with sand and serve with pita wedges for scooping., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds ground lamb, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon paprika, 1 bay leaf, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 14ounce can tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups chicken stock, A handful golden raisins, 4 apricots, chopped, 1 12 cups couscous, 3 to 4 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, A handful fresh parsley leaves, chopped, A handful fresh mint leaves, chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped chives, 8 pita breads, cut into wedgesfor scooping], title: Morrocan Chili and 10,000 Grains of Sand, picturelink: cllKz9O8UO9dToVCkq4InGa.ZVWYg2}, 23992: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the brownies: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 13by9inch baking dish with parchment, overhanging the edges by about 2 inches. Coat the parchment lightly with butter.nMelt the butter and chocolate chips together in a large heatproof bowl set over simmering water, then remove from the heat.nWith an electric mixer on low speed, mix the sugars into the chocolate mixture, then beat in the eggs on medium speed, one at a time, until fully incorporated. Beat in the extracts.nMix in the flour on low speed until just combined. Fold in the coconut and nuts, if using, by hand. Fold in the salt.nSpread the mixture into the prepared baking dish and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out almost clean, 35 to 45 minutes. Let cool completely on a rack before frosting.nFor the frosting: Meanwhile, spread the coconut flakes on a baking sheet and bake, stirring once or twice, until lightly toasted, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool.nCombine the butter and extracts in a large bowl and beat on mediumhigh until light, about 1 minute. Add the confectioners sugar and beat on low until combined, then beat on high until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Beat in the milk, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the frosting is easily spreadable.nUse the parchment overhang to remove the brownies from the baking dish in one piece. Spread the frosting on the brownies and sprinkle with the toasted coconut. Cut into bars to serve. The brownies can be made up to a day ahead and refrigerated in the baking dish., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 34 cup loosely packed light brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon coconut extract, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup sweetened coconut flakes, 12 cup chopped skinned almonds, optional, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup sweetened coconut flakes, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon coconut extract, 2 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 to 3 tablespoons milk], title: Toasted Coconut Brownies, picturelink: MfEI3Rdv1dFGgA2huIGggdQbehNzK}, 23993: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the brown sugar, water, rum, and vanilla beans in a saucepan. Squeeze the lemon juice into the pan. Stir to combine the ingredients and bring to a simmer. Add the pineapple and stir until well mixed. Simmer until the liquid has reduced to a syrupy consistency and the pineapple is soft.nLet cool and serve as an accoutrement to yummy desserts like goat cheese cheesecake, ingredients: [1 cup brown sugar, 1 12 cups water, 1 cup rum, 2 vanilla beans, split, seeds scraped and reserved, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 ripe pineapple, top, skin and core removed, cut into bitesize wedges], title: Vanilla Pineapple Compote, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 23994: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nArrange peppers on a broiler pan and broil peppers about 2 inches from heat, turning occasionally with tongs, until skins are blackened, 20 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap, then let stand 20 minutes. When cool enough to handle, peel peppers, discarding stems and seeds, and quarter each lengthwise.nWhile peppers are broiling, soak raisins in 1 cup hot water 15 minutes, then drain well in a sieve. Whisk together lemon juice, harissa, and sea salt, then whisk in oil until combined well.nToss peppers with dressing and sprinkle with raisins and walnuts., ingredients: [6 medium red bell peppers 2 pounds, 14 cup raisins, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 14 teaspoons harissa, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 14 cup olive oil, 13 cup finely chopped walnuts, toasted], title: Roasted Red Pepper Salad with Harissa, picturelink: null}, 23995: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a piping bagnFor the garlic confit: Cut the tops off of the tip of the garlic heads, leaving the root ends intact. Add to a small saucepan and cover with the vegetable oil. Cook gently over mediumlow heat until the oil is infused and the garlic is soft to the touch, about 45 minutes it should not come to a simmer. Remove the garlic heads from the oil and allow to cool prior to removing the softened cloves. Squeeze out the cloves from their skins and mash slightly set aside. Reserve the oil.nFor the deviled eggs: Lay the eggs flat in a saucepan and cover with water. Put the saucepan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil. Once at a boil, cover with a tightfitting lid, turn the heat off and let the eggs sit for 12 minutes. Submerge or rinse in cold water until cooled.nPeel the eggs, cut lengthwise and separate the yolks. Mash the yolks in a bowl with the melted butter, mayonnaise and mustard until smooth. Stir in the oil and season with salt and pepper. Put the filling into a piping bag, no tip needed. Season the egg white halves with salt and pepper and drizzle with some of the garlic oil. Refill the egg whites with the filling.nFor the spiced almonds: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a bowl, whisk the egg white until thick and frothy. Add the sugar, cayenne, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper and stir to combine. Add the almonds and coat with the egg white mixture.nUsing a slotted spoon, transfer the nuts to a baking sheet. Bake until golden brown and crunchy, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring halfway. Note: There will be way more spiced nuts than you need, but they hold up well in an airtight container.nFor the roasted celery root: Raise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nToss the celery root with the coconut oil in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Place on the outer perimeter of a baking sheet, which is where they will roast evenly, and roast until golden brown, about 20 minutes.nFor the creamy garlic vinaigrette: In a food processor, add the honey, garlic confit, mustard and egg yolks and pulse to combine. Add 1 12 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and pulse. Add the sherry vinegar and pulse to combine. Turn the speed to low and slowly drizzle in the oil. Turn off immediately after the last oil is combined. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nDivide the kale into 4 parts. In a small bowl, place onequarter of the kale and 1 tablespoon of the creamy garlic vinaigrette and toss to coat. Arrange on a plate, add 3 deviled egg halves, a small handful of spiced almonds and some roasted celery root. Repeat with the remaining ingredients to make 4 servings.nServe with the Spiced Biscuits and drizzle with another tablespoon of dressing.nCombine the flour, baking powder, 1 tablespoon of the zaatar, the sugar and salt in a medium bowl using a whisk. Using a bowl scraper or your fingers, mix in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal using your fingers will create a more cakelike texture. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk. Stir until just combined.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead 5 or 6 times. Roll the dough into a 1inchthick disc and cut out biscuits using a 3inch biscuit cutter. Make sure you dont twist the cutter otherwise youll squish the sides and the biscuit wont rise. Knead the scraps together, reroll and cut out biscuits until all the dough has been used.nPlace the biscuits bottomside up on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Whisk together the vegetable oil with the remaining 1 tablespoon zaatar and brush the mixture on each biscuit. Bake until golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 whole heads garlic, 3 cups vegetable oil, 6 eggs older eggs are better than farm fresh, 1 tablespoon butter, melted, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon garlic confit oil or vegetable oil, plus more for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg white, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup blanched and slivered almonds, 1 large celery root, cut into large dice about 2 12 cups, 2 tablespoons coconut oil, melted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup honey, 2 tablespoons garlic confit, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 egg yolks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sherry vinegar, 2 cups garlic confit oil, or any flavored oil or vegetable oil, 10 ounces mixed baby and purple kale, Spiced Biscuits, for serving, recipe follows, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons zaatar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 6 tablespoons cold butter, cut into cubes, 1 12 cups cold milk, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.], title: Kale, Roasted Celery Root, Deviled Eggs and Spiced Almond Salad, picturelink: FZjUtmVCkeWfpNLkStjuGBfL24WyIae}, 23996: {instructions: To prepare octopus for cooking, remove the mouth section, rinse well. Add the octopus to a large pot of salted water over high heat. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 30 to 35 minutes. Once the octopus is light pink and soft to the touch, remove from heat, drain and cool. Once cool, rinse and remove outer skin of tentacles, cut the head portion open, remove the insides and rinse again. Cut the octopus into 12 by 12inch pieces.nIn a large bowl, add the cucumbers, onions, garlic, thyme, sambal, sea salt, white pepper, olive oil, white balsamic vinegar, and lemon juice. Toss to combine and well mixed. Add the octopus, tossing to coat with the dressing, then add the tomatoes and chives. Gently toss, being careful not to break or bruise the tomatoes and chives. Cover and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours. Transfer the salad to serving plates with a slotted spoon and drizzle with remaining dressing., ingredients: [3 small octopus 1 12 to 2 pounds fresh or 2 to 3 pounds frozen, 12 cup diced English cucumber, 14 cup thinly sliced red onion, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons sambal, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons white balsamic vinegar, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 medium vineripe or Roma tomatoes, diced, 2 tablespoons minced chives], title: Octopus Salad with Spiced Cucumber, picturelink: null}, 23997: {instructions: Preheat grill.nCombine the tamari, ginger, chili paste, lemon zest and sugar and pour over the salmon portions in a shallow dish. Turn the fish to coat it evenly, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours.nRemove the salmon from the marinade and blot dry with paper towels. Brush the salmon with the oil on all sides. On a hot grill cook over hot coals for 2 to 3 minutes to brown and mark the fish nicely, turn and continue cooking to desired doneness, 2 to 3 more minutes.nSimmer the carrots, leeks and scallions in the Seasoned Broth, until al dente, about 4 to 6 minutes.nTo serve divide the broth with vegetables between 6 bowls, top each with a sticky rice cake, mushrooms, and a grilled portion of salmon. Finally, sprinkle with the toasted sesame seeds.nBring all ingredients, except the bonito shavings, to a simmer in a saucepan. Cook over low heat for 45 minutes, remove from the heat and gently stir in the bonito shavings. Allow the broth to rest for 20 to 30 minutes before straining. Strain and discard solids.nBring the rice vinegar, sugar and sea salt to a boil in a small sauce pan, remove from the heat and set aside. Place rice, water and konbu in a heavy bottom saucepan and cover, bring to a simmer over medium heat. When the rice begins to boil reduce the heat to low, stir it gently once and continue cooking, covered until all the liquid is absorbed. Allow the cooked rice to cool 10 to 15 minutes covered with a clean towel.nTurn the cooked rice out onto a tray or large bowl and fan it to cool. Using a large scoop or your hands moistened with a mixture of the vinegar and water portion the sticky rice into 6 balls and flatten them to form cakes. Lightly wrap the cakes and hold in a warm place until serving time., ingredients: [14 cup tamari or shoyu, 2 ounces fresh ginger root, peeled and sliced, 1 tablespoon chili paste, 2 tablespoons lemon zest, 12 tablespoon sugar, 6 6ounce portions wild salmon Chinook, 18 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 cups julienned carrots, 1 cup cleaned and diced leeks, 1 cup julienned scallions, Seasoned broth, recipe follows, Sticky rice cakes, recipe follows, 6 ounces matsutake mushrooms, grilled and sliced, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, 1 large onion, peeled and chopped, 3 sticks celery, chopped, 2 quarts water, 1 piece konbu dried giant kelp, 1 cup tamari or shoyu, 4 ounces fresh ginger rootr, sliced, 1 tablespoon chili paste, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 ounce katsuo bonito shavings, 5 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 4 teaspoons sea salt, 3 13 cups shortgrain rice, washed, 4 cups water, 1 4 by 4inch piece konbu], title: Grilled Oregon Chinook in Matsutake Ginger Broth, picturelink: 9M8CLNh6AS.PayE.EV0qlm1VZC774N2}, 23998: {instructions: Submerge fennel in small pot with 1 cup orange juice. Season with salt. Cover pot and cook over medium high flame until tender, about 5 to 10 minutes.nIn a small kettle mix chopped mango, sugar, remaining 1 cup orange juice, lime juice, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt and hot red pepper sauce. Heat rapidly, and then reduce to a simmer. Cook for about 20 to 30 minutes.nSeason tuna, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add oil to skillet and preheat over medium flame. Sear both sides of tuna. Cook until tuna is about medium done. Remove from heat and slice into 8 slices.nGrill or toast baguette bread. Spread 1 side of each slice with spicy mango molasses.nArrange seared tuna and braised wild fennel on top of the bread.nGlaze the top of the sandwich with mango molasses., ingredients: [4 ounces julienned wild fennel,, 1 cup orange juice, plus 1 cup, Salt, 4 ounces mango, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon hot red pepper sauce, 8 ounces tuna, Salt and pepper, Oil, 8 14inch slices baguette bread], title: Spicy Mango Molasses Glazed Tuna Garnished with Citrus Braised Wild Fennel, picturelink: null}, 23999: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: rolling pinnSprinkle the yeast over 34 cup warm not lukewarm water in a bowl and leave to sit for a bit.nIn a mixer, add the flour and 12 teaspoon salt, and with the mixer running on low speed with the paddle attachment, slowly pour in the olive oil and keep going until its mixed through. Next, pour in the yeastwater mixture and mix until just combined.nCoat a separate mixing bowl with a light drizzle of olive oil, tip the dough in and form it into a ball. Toss to coat the dough ball in the olive oil, then cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and allow the dough to rise for at least 1 hour, or up to 3 or 4 days.nArrange the oven rack in the lowest position and preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Drizzle a large baking sheet with olive oil.nRoll out the pizza dough as thinly as possible and place it on the baking sheet. Drizzle over some extravirgin olive oil, sprinkle over some salt and pepper and place the mozzarella slices all over the dough.nBake until the crust is golden and the cheese is bubbly, 12 to 15 minutes.nPut the arugula, whole basil leaves and parsley in a bowl and toss with the extravirgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Scatter over the pizza, sprinkle with grated Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [12 teaspoon active dry yeast, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, Scant 14 cup olive oil a little less than 14 cup, plus more drizzling, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 mozzarella balls, sliced, 1 bunch arugula, 1 bunch fresh basil leaves, 1 bunch fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Fresh Herb Pizza, picturelink: 8iYkyNBHEjU59WixzXBl6kneri4yDHu}}