{24000: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a melon ball scoop or a small ice cream scoop, fill each cappuccino cup or a small bowl with 3 mini scoops of ice cream. Pour just a little coffee over the ice cream and garnish with the chocolate shavings. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups vanilla ice cream, 1 cup doublestrength or espressostyle coffee, freshly brewed with 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 tablespoons shaved bittersweet chocolate], title: Affogato, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 24001: {instructions: To make mushroom broth: In a stockpot, combine the stock, crimini mushrooms, and dried mushrooms. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce the heat, and simmer, covered, for about 30 minutes, until the flavors have infused. Strain through a finemesh sieve, pressing on the solids to extract as much flavor as possible. Discard the solids. Return the strained stock to the pot, cover, season with salt and pepper, and keep at a simmer over low heat.nTo make risotto: In a large saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon of the butter over high heat. Add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the mushrooms have softened. Set aside.nIn a large stockpot, heat 2 more tablespoons of the butter and the olive oil over mediumhigh heat until the butter melts. Saute the shallots for 1 to 2 minutes, until softened. Add the garlic and cook for about 2 minutes longer. Add the rice and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, for 7 to 10 minutes, until it turns milky white and opaque, and begins to stick to the bottom of the pan. Add the thyme and continue stirring.nAdd the wine and stir for about 2 minutes, until nearly absorbed. Ladle about 1 cup of the simmering stock into the rice. Cook for about 2 minutes, stirring often, until the stock is almost completely absorbed. Add more stock, a cup at a time, stirring gently, until the broth is absorbed by the rice before adding the next cup. After about 15 minutes, begin tasting the rice. At this point, add the stock judiciously. The rice should be firm, yet cooked through in 18 to 20 minutes total cooking time.nStir in the sauteed mushrooms, the Parmesan, and the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Season with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [2 quarts chicken stock, 8 ounces sliced crimini mushrooms, 1 ounce dried mushrooms, such as morels, porcini, or black trumpets, or an assortment, Coarse salt and freshly ground white pepper to taste, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound assorted wild mushrooms, such as chanterelle, hedgehog, pleurote, and black trumpet, cleaned and sliced, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, peeled and minced, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 1 pound rice, preferably vialone nano or arborio, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, or more to taste], title: Wild Mushroom Risotto, picturelink: m0Z7C.36SVqcymEQtXqmtRZHeLlm4H6}, 24002: {instructions: To make the marinade: using a food processor, grind the ingredients into a paste the consistency of thin yogurt. Reserve small amount for basting and transfer the remaining marinade to a glass bowl. Add the cleaned and trimmed chicken wings. Toss liberally, cover with plastic wrap, and marinate in the refrigerator overnight.nTo grill the wings, shake off the excess marinade and grill the wings over medium heat for approximately 5 minutes per side, or until crispy. Brush them frequently with the reserved marinade, and be careful not to burn the wing tips. The wings should have a crispy texture with a deep mahogany color when done.nServe with the Thai Peanut Sauce.nTo make the peanut sauce, add the peanuts along with the peanut oil to a food processor. Blend, on high, until the peanuts form a rough paste. Add the rest of the ingredients except for the cilantro blend until smooth. Stir in the cilantro and thin with peanut oil to taste., ingredients: [2 cups coconut milk, 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons crushed garlic, 2 teaspoons ground turmeric, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon ground galangal or 12 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 20 chicken wings, jointed, Thai Peanut Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup unsalted roasted peanuts, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, plus more to taste, 2 fresh Thai chiles or other small chiles, 1 12inchthick slice fresh ginger, 4 garlic cloves, 13 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk, 2 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, 4 teaspoons fish sauce, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Pinch salt add to taste, as fish sauce can be very salty, 12 cup finely minced cilantro leaves and stems], title: Grilled Coconut Wings with Thai Peanut Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24003: {instructions: For the Caribbean Jerk Chicken:nPreheat grill to mediumhigh heat and oven to 500 degrees F. Combine all dry ingredients in a bowl. Set aside. Rinse chicken with cold water and pat dry. Dip in red wine, then in dry seasonings. Place on preheated grill and cook for 5 to 8 minutes. Finish in the preheated oven for about another 10 minutes.nFor the butter sauce:nSaute shallots until they begin to become translucent. Add the white wine and reduce by half. Add heavy cream and reduce again by half. Add butter, salt and pepper and cook until butter is completely melted.nFor the fried bananas:nDip bananas into allpurpose flour. Deepfry until the bananas become crisp on the outside. Pour butter sauce on a dinner plate. Sprinkle with hot sauce. Place 2 chicken breasts over the butter sauce, add 6 pieces of fried banana and white rice. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Caribbean Jerk seasoning, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon white pepper, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried rosemary, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon chives, 8 boneless chicken breasts, about 6 ounces each, Red wine enough to dip chicken into, 4 servings basmati rice, cooked according to package directions, 1 tablespoon shallots, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 sticks butter, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, Hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 4 ripe bananas cut in 12, lengthwise, then in thirds 24 pieces total, Allpurpose flour], title: Caribbean Jerk Chicken Recipe, picturelink: 2lWfg3wt5b3SGU47wT7CPD6eJi0bu1a}, 24004: {instructions: Trim, wash, dry, and break up the chicories. Just before serving, dress the greens with the applethyme dressing. Serve 1 large handful per plate.nCombine all ingredients in a small saucepan, and boil until juices are slightly thickened and apples are soft but not broken down, 3 to 5 minutes. Store dressing, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. Yield: 34 cup, ingredients: [1 pound mixed chicories endive, radicchio, curly endive, frisee, dandelion, Warm Apple Thyme Dressing, recipe follows, 23 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored, peeled, and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Mixed Chicories Salad, picturelink: null}, 24005: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Beat the egg whites until frothy. Add the cream of tartar and beat until stiff. Sift the superfine sugar three times and add slowly to the egg whites.nSift the cake flour and salt five times, and then fold slowly into the egg whites. Sprinkle in the vanilla and fold.nBake for 35 to 45 minutes in an unbuttered angel food cake pan.nSet aside to cool completely, inverted on a bottle or jar that fits the cake pan.nFor the filling: Dissolve the gelatin in boiling water and add the strawberries, stirring to break up and mix the berries.nFor the icing: Whip the cream with the powdered sugar until thick.nTo assemble: Place the cake, wideside down, on a serving plate. Cut a 1inch layer from the top and set it aside. Cut around the cake 1 inch from the outer edge to 1 inch from the bottom. Cut around the cake 1 inch from the inner edge to 1 inch from the bottom.nGently remove the section of cake between the cuts and pour in the strawberry mixture.nPlace the cake layer back on top and spread the icing all over the top and sides of the cake. Decorate with whole strawberries.nRefrigerate for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [15 egg whites, 1 teaspoon cream of tarter, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 1 cup cake flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, One 3ounce package strawberry gelatin, 2 12 cups boiling water, 1 pound package frozen strawberries, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 14 cup powdered sugar, Whole strawberries, for decorating], title: Strawberry Sparkle Cake, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 24006: {instructions: In a large glass serving bowl or picnic container, combine all the fruits and toss very gently to mix. Sprinkle the lemon and lime juices, rum if using, sugar and mint over the top and again toss gently to mix. Garnish with tiny mint sprigs before serving., ingredients: [1 papaya, peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch chunks, 2 bananas, peeled and sliced 12inch thick, 1 mango, peeled, stoned and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 cup pineapple, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 pint strawberries, hulled and halved, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 2 tablespoons sugar, or to taste, 1 bunch mint, leaves only, coarsely chopped, Tiny sprigs of mint, for garnish], title: Fruit Salad with LemonLime Dressing, picturelink: null}, 24007: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, sift the dry ingredients. In a separate bowl, combine all other ingredients, except peaches, using a whisk. Combine dry and wet ingredients. Let rest for 2 hours.nHeat griddle. In the meantime, slice peaches thinly. Spoon pancake mixture onto the griddle. The sliced peaches should be added immediately. Flip once., ingredients: [12 cup whole wheat flour, 12 cup all purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter melted, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 12 cups milk, Fresh peaches], title: Whole Wheat Peach Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 24008: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large sauce pan. Then add the jalapeno, onions and green peppers, sprinkle with salt and cook over medium heat until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and stir. Add the rice and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring frequently, until the rice is golden, about 5 minutes. Turn the heat up to high and add 2 cups water and the stock. Bring to a boil, cover tightly, and reduce the heat to a simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let rest, still covered, 3 minutes longer. Sprinkle with the lime zest and juice before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 12 yellow onion, finely chopped, 12 green bell pepper, chopped, Kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 12 cups white rice, uncooked, 12 cup chicken stock, Zest and juice of 1 lime], title: Rice with Green Pepper and Jalapeno, picturelink: Hdt57W8GZVOVZ26QdH2wmDxBtX03p1m}, 24009: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, cook the onions in oil and butter, on mediumhigh heat until they are translucent. Add the dried thyme and stir. Add the lamb and brown on a high heat to seal in juices. Add carrots, and pearl barley. Pour in the Chicken Stock so that it almost covers the meat and vegetables. Season with salt and pepper, and add Bouquet garni. Cover and cook on low heat for 2 hours, being careful not to boil. Place potatoes on top of the stew, cover and cook for 30 minutes until the meat is falling beautifully off the bones and the potatoes are fork tender.nServe the stew in large flat soup bowls, and drizzle Herb Butter over the potatoes or garnish with parsley and chives.nPreheat the stockpot. Combine ingredients in a large heavybottomed saucepan and cover with water. Bring to boil and simmer for approximately 30 minutes. Then let it cool down and skim off the fat.nMelt butter in a small saucepan. Add parsley, chives and thyme., ingredients: [2 mediumsized onions, chopped, Oil, for frying, 1ounce butter, 1 sprig dried thyme, 2 12 pounds best end of lamb neck, cut into large pieces, 7 carrots, chopped lengthways into 2inch pieces, 2 tablespoons pearl barley, 5 cups Chicken Stock, recipe follows, Salt recommended: Fleur du Sel, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 bouquet garni parsley, thyme, and bay leaf, 12 medium potatoes, 1 bunch parsley, leaves finely chopped, 1 bunch chives, Serving suggestion: Herb Butter, recipe follows, Chicken carcass, 1 onion, 4 cups water, 3 stalks celery, roughly chopped, Bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick butter, 1 small bunch parsley, finely chopped, 1 small bunch chives, finely chopped, 1 sprig thyme], title: Irish Stew, picturelink: MqENteLHQt7umNYgwU.1aEeqtcoKNK}, 24010: {instructions: Insert lollipop sticks into 4 apples, onethird of the way. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and coat with cooking spray. Stir together 1 14 cups sugar and 14 cup each corn syrup and water in a small saucepan bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and add 12 teaspoon red food coloring. Continue cooking, swirling the pan but not stirring, until a candy thermometer registers 290 degrees F, about 10 minutes remove from the heat. Immediately dip each apple into the candy, then twirl the apple over the pan to let the excess drip off. Decorate see instructions below.nHow to DecoratenSpunsugar apple: Dip the apple as directed, then hold sideways over the pan, dip a fork in the candy mixture and quickly wave it all over the apple to make thin threads. Let set.nCandy cane apple: Roll the apple in crushed candy canes immediately after dipping. Let set.nWhite chocolate apple: Let the coating set, then drizzle the apple with melted white chocolate. Sprinkle with silver nonpareils.nCoconut apple: Roll the apple in shredded coconut immediately after dipping. Let set.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Holiday Candy Apples, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 24011: {instructions: Peel cucumber and remove seeds. Grate to yield 3 cups. In food processor combine cucumbers, yogurt, garlic, honey and a squirt of lemon. Snip in dill. Process until smooth. Slowly add water until creamy. Season with salt and pepper and continue processing. Pour into a bowl. Chill. Serve., ingredients: [3 cucumbers, 2 cups of plain yogurt, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 lemon, Fresh or dried dill, to taste, Water, Salt, Pepper], title: Chilled Creamy Cucumber Soup, picturelink: MQ7T6ynJOR5Wj24Tu926XzQzm29FY1u}, 24012: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDrizzle oil into a large pot of boiling salted water. Add the macaroni and cook according to the directions on the package, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain well.nMeanwhile, heat the milk in a small saucepan, but dont boil it. Melt 6 tablespoons of butter in a large 4quart pot and add the flour. Cook over low heat for 2 minutes, stirring with a whisk. While whisking, add the hot milk and cook for a minute or two more, until thickened and smooth. Off the heat, add the Gruyere, cheddar, 1 tablespoon salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Add the cooked macaroni and stir well. Pour into a 3quart baking dish.nSlice the tomatoes and arrange on top. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter, combine them with the fresh bread crumbs, and sprinkle on the top. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the sauce is bubbly and the macaroni is browned on the top., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni or cavatappi see Cooks Note, 1 quart milk, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, divided, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated 4 cups, 8 ounces extrasharp cheddar, grated 2 cups, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 34 pound fresh tomatoes 4 small, 1 12 cups fresh white bread crumbs 5 slices, crusts removed], title: Mac and Cheese, picturelink: xNz3NSzEjFprSUnm79WnmquRF4mfTwO}, 24013: {instructions: Whisk together the yeast and 14 cup of the water in a small bowl and let sit for 5 minutes to proof. Place 1 34 cups of the flour in a large bowl with the salt. Add the yeast mixture, the remaining water, and oil and stir until combined. Transfer the dough to a floured surface and knead until smooth. Grease a large bowl with the remaining 1 teaspoon of oil, add the dough, and turn to coat. Cover and place in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 1 to 1 12 hours.nPreheat the grill to high. Once the dough has risen, divide it in half. Divide each half into 2 balls. Roll each ball into an 8inch circle. Brush with oil and grill on both sides until golden brown. Spread a few tablespoons of the Cilantro Pesto over each pizza, top with a few slices of buffalo mozzarella, and then top with 4 shrimp and cilantro leaves. Place the pizza on the grill until the cheese melts. Serve hot.nCombine all ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nBrush each shrimp with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 1 to 2 minutes per side or until just cooked through shrimp will be opaque and turn pink., ingredients: [1 14ounce package active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 34 cup warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 1 34 to 2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus additional for kneading and dredging, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons olive oil, plus 1 teaspoon for greasing the bowl, Cilantro Pesto, recipe follows, 8 ounces buffalo mozzarella, thinly sliced, Grilled Shrimp, recipe follows, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, 34 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Preheat the grill to mediumhigh.], title: Grilled Shrimp and Cilantro Pesto Pizza, picturelink: null}, 24014: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausages and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 4 minutes. Remove the sausage to a plate. Add the onion, carrots and celery to the drippings in the pot and cook, stirring, until soft and just beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle the mixture with salt and pepper.nAdd the garlic, cumin and red pepper flakes and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the lentils, tomatoes, bay leaf, 8 cups of water and the sausage. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the lentils are soft, about 45 minutes. Remove the bay leaf before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 ounces fullycooked chicken sausage, sliced into rounds, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 medium carrots, finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 cups French lentils, picked through for stones, and rinsed, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 bay leaf], title: Lentil and Sausage Soup, picturelink: null}, 24015: {instructions: In a medium, wide skillet, heat the cooking oil over medium heat. Add the tortillas to the skillet, a few at a time, and fry for about 1 minute on each side. Put the fried tortillas on paper towels to drain and sprinkle with salt, to taste.nIn a saute pan, warm the lobster meat with the lemon oil over low heat minutes until warm, about 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl combine the corn, tomatoes, mint, cilantro, jalapeno, black beans, jicama, lime juice, chili powder, and the garlic salt.nStart assembling the nachos by stacking the tortilla chips on each plate. Add the black bean salsa then top with half a cup of the lobster meat. Garnish with creme fraiche, avocado, queso fresco, and chives. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups cooking oil, 4 large white flour tortillas, cut into quarters, Salt, 2 cups lobster meat can substitute crab orshrimp, 3 tablespoons Meyer lemon oil, 1 cup white corn kernels, 12 cup diced tomatoes, 3 tablespoons chopped mint leaves, 13 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped jalapeno, 1 cup canned black beans, rinsed and drained, 14 cup jicama, diced, 14 cup lime juice, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 cup creme fraiche, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and flesh sliced into eighths, 1 cup crumbled queso fresco, 14 cup chopped chives], title: Lobster Nachos, picturelink: null}, 24016: {instructions: Sprinkle the chicken liberally with salt and pepper. Heat the canola oil in a large, ovenproof highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat until it shimmers. Sear the chicken, skinside down, until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Then flip and brown the other side, 3 to 4 minutes. You may need to do this in two batches to avoid crowding the skillet. Transfer the browned chicken and any juices to a baking sheet or large plate.nLower the heat to medium and add the garlic, 1 cup of the grapes, the olives, capers, oregano, wine and 12 cup water. Stir to combine and cook until the liquid has reduced by half, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the butter. Add the chicken and any juices back to the skillet, skinsideup. Sprinkle the remaining grapes around the chicken. Continue cooking over medium heat until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F, 6 to 8 minutes.nSet the oven to broil with a rack set about 4 inches from the broiler.nPlace the skillet underneath the broiler to crisp the chicken skin, about 2 minutes. Watch carefully to avoid burning.nTo serve, divide the warm couscous among 4 plates and top each plate with 2 of the chicken thighs and a large spoonful of the sauce., ingredients: [8 skinon bonein chicken thighs 2 12 to 3 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups seedless red andor green grapes, 1 cup pitted kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons capers in brine, drained, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups quickcooking couscous, cooked according to package, warm], title: Pan Roasted Chicken Thighs with Grapes and Olives, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 24017: {instructions: Line a 5to 6quart slow cooker with a Reynoldsu00ae Slow Cooker Liner. Open slow cooker liner and place it inside a slow cooker bowl. Fit liner snugly against the bottom and sides of bowl pull top of liner over rim of bowl.nIn a large skillet, cook ground turkey and onions in oil, until meat is browned. Drain off any excess fat.nSpoon browned turkey mixture into the lined slow cooker.nAdd garlic, taco seasoning, beans, tomatoes, milk and chicken broth to the slow cooker and gently stir with a rubber spatula to fully mix ingredients together.nCover and cook on lowheat setting for 7 to 8 hours or on highheat setting for 3 12 to 4 hours.nCarefully remove lid to allow steam to escape. Serve food directly from slow cooker using a plastic, silicon or wooden spoon. Do not lift or transport liner with food inside. Cool slow cooker completely remove liner and toss.nTop individual servings with cheddar cheese, tomato or sour cream as desired and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 yellow onions, diced small, 2 pounds lean ground turkey, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 2 packets taco seasoning mix, 2 15.5 ounces cans dark red kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 28 ounces can diced tomatoes, with juice, 1 cup whole milk, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup cheddar cheese optional, 1 cup chopped tomato optional, Dollop of sour cream optional, Reynoldsu00ae Slow Cooker Liner], title: Turkey Taco Chili, picturelink: PJKVYvE1pX1cwmFlL2BMUWGdqK3ALFa}, 24018: {instructions: Foolproof Hollandaise:nTo make the HerbRoasted Potatoes: Remove them from the oven and cover to keep warm. Turn the oven heat up to broil. Put the English muffin halves on a baking sheet and brown on both sides under the broiler. Remove to a plate. Reduce the oven heat to 200 degrees F and put the English muffins in the oven to keep warm.nHeat 2 to 3 inches salted water to a simmer in a wide saucepan or deep skillet for the eggs turn off the heat and cover to keep warm.nMeanwhile, make the hollandaise. Combine the egg yolks, lemon juice, water, salt and cayenne in a blender and blend until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Then, with the blender going, drizzle in the melted butter in a thin stream. Taste for salt and lemon juice. To keep the sauce warm, put the whole blender jar in a bowl of warm water set aside while you finish the dish.nWhen the potatoes are out of the oven, heat a 2count of olive oil a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the bacon slices and brown on both sides. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels. Brown the remaining 4 slices and put the on the plate. Put the bacon in the oven to keep warm.nPut the skillet back over medium heat. Add a 2count of olive oil. Add the onion and cook until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the spinach and give it all a stir cook until warmed through, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the cream and simmer to reduce. Season with salt and pepper.nReturn the water to a bare simmer. Add the vinegar and swirl a couple of times with a kitchen spoon. Then, first cracking each egg into a cup, gently drop 4 eggs into the simmering water and cook until just set, 3 to 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, get yourself 4 serving plates and put 2 muffin halves on each plate. Put a piece of bacon on each half and top with a spoonful of spinach. Remove the poached eggs with a slotted spoon and place on top of the spinach. Do the same with the remaining 4 eggs. Spoon the warm hollandaise sauce over and garnish with a parsley sprig. Serve with the HerbRoasted Potatoes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss together the potatoes, oil, and thyme, and sprinkle with salt. Dump the potatoes out on a baking sheet and roast until tender and crisp on the edges, 30 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [Herb Roasted Potatoes, recipe follows, 4 English muffins, split, 5 egg yolks See Disclaimer, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons water, Salt, Pinch cayenne, 1 pound hot, melted butter, Extravirgin olive oil, 8 slices Canadian bacon, 1 onion, minced, 1 package cooked, frozen spinach, thawed and drained in a colander press the spinach against the side of the colander to extract as much water as possible, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 8 eggs, Parsley sprigs, for garnish, 2 pounds red new potatoes, quartered, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Leaves from 14 bunch fresh thyme, Salt], title: Eggs Benedict with Canadian Bacon and Spinach, picturelink: null}, 24019: {instructions: In a mixing glass, combine 3 ounces gin and 12 ounce dry vermouth. Stir with ice for 30 seconds let sit 1 to 2 minutes. Strain into a chilled martini glass and drop in a few cocktail onions., ingredients: [], title: Gibson, picturelink: eYH6HqFt3YzLtKEt8zBgnYZBduMAe}, 24020: {instructions: Trim ends from fresh yuca and peel remainder, removing all waxy brown skin and pinkish layer underneath.nCut yuca into 3inchthick pieces. Boil yuca in salted water to cover by 2 inches until tender and starting to fall apart, 50 minutes to 1 14 hours.nDrain and transfer to a cutting board. Carefully halve hot yuca pieces lengthwise and remove thin woody cores. Return yuca to pot with 1 34 cups milk, garlic, juice, and salt. Coarsely mash yuca, adding additional milk if desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 pounds fresh yuca also called cassava preferably 2 inches in diameter or 3 pounds frozen, 1 34 to 2 14 cups hot milk, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Mashed Yucca with Garlic, picturelink: null}, 24021: {instructions: Special equipment: A large cookie sheet, well greased, or lined with parchment paper A 2inch cookie cutter A small ice cream scoop, about 1 12 inches across A pastry bag fitted with a small plain tip 14inch or less A kitchen torchnPastry Bases: Mix the butter, flour, and salt until sandy in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. In a separate bowl, blend the yolk and creme fraiche. Add to the flour mixture and mix until barely combined. Form into a disk, wrap, and refrigerate at least 2 hours or up to 3 days.nLemon Curd: Bring 2 inches of water to a simmer in a saucepan. Whip the eggs and sugar until light and fluffy in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Add the lemon zest and juice and place the bowl over the simmering water without letting the bowl touch the water pour some out if needed. Cook until thickened, whisking occasionally, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter. Let cool to room temperature, cover, and freeze overnight or up to 3 days.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F. Flour a work surface and roll out the dough to 18inch thick. Prick all over with a fork then cut out 2inch rounds. Transfer to the cookie sheet. Bake until light golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes and let cool. The whole recipe can be made up to this point up to 3 days in advance.nUp to 6 hours before serving, assemble the dessert. Arrange the pastry rounds in a pan that will fit in your freezer use two, if needed. Use a small ice cream scoop to place a ball or scoop of frozen lemon curd it wont be frozen solid onto each round. Place back in the freezer while you make the meringue. Meringue: Whip the egg whites until foamy, then add the sugar and continue whipping until stiff and glossy. Transfer to your pastry bag. Pipe meringue around the base of each pastry round, spiraling around and up the lemon curd ball and gradually enclosing the top to create a beehive. Fire up your kitchen torch and brown until lightly browned all over. Return to the freezer until ready to serve, up to 4 hours., ingredients: [4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 cup flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup creme fraiche, 1 egg yolk, 3 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 1 12 lemons, zested, 12 cup fresh lemon juice from about 3 lemons, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 12 cup egg whites from about 4 eggs, 12 cup sugar], title: Lemon Meringue Beehives, picturelink: null}, 24022: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a paring knife make small slits into roast about 3inches apart and press the garlic slivers into the slits. Using a pastry brush, coat the entire roast with the mustard. Sprinkle on the peppercorn and garlic marinade to completely cover the roast. Place on a rack in a roasting pan and cook until the thermometer inserted into the center reads 130 degrees F. Remove the roast from the oven, cover with foil and allow to rest for 10 to 15 minutes.nTo make the Au Jus: Place the roasting pan over stovetop burners on medium low. Whisk in the worcestershire sauce and wine and scrape up the little brown bits from the bottom of the roasting pan. Reduce slightly and add the broth. Bring to a simmer and reduce slightly. Serve along with the sliced prime rib., ingredients: [1 4 to 5pound beef rib roast, 5 cloves garlic, slivered, 14 cup peppercorn and garlic marinade recommended: McCormicks, 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup red wine, 1 cup beef broth], title: Prime Rib Au Jus, picturelink: mCV6POLR61GMUEGa64OCuHvYPd0xEu}, 24023: {instructions: Set an oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until it is al dente, about 6 minutes. Strain, reserving 1 34 cups of the pasta water. Set aside.nCook the bacon in a large saucepan over medium heat until it is crispy and most of the fat has been rendered, about 15 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate. Pour the fat into a small heatsafe measuring cup. Add enough olive oil to total 14 cup of fat. Reserve.nCarefully wipe out the saucepan or give it a quick rinse if it is really dirty. Add the halfandhalf and 2 teaspoons pepper and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook until reduced to 1 12 cups, about 15 minutes. Add the cream cheese and stir until melted. Whisk in the Cheddar and Gruyere until all the cheese is melted and the sauce is smooth.nAdd the macaroni and the reserved pasta water to the saucepan and stir to combine. It will look very loose, but the pasta will suck up a lot of the sauce as it bakes. Season to taste with salt if needed. Gently fold in the bacon and 34 of the sliced scallions. Pour into a 13by9inch baking dish.nToss the bread crumbs with the reserved baconfat mixture and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl. Sprinkle the mixture evenly over the top of the macaroni and cheese and bake until the cheese is bubbly and the bread crumbs are lightly browned and crispy, about 10 minutes. Garnish with the remaining scallions and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 8 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 12 cups halfandhalf, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound cream cheese, room temperature, 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded about 3 cups, 3 ounces Gruyere, shredded about 1 cup, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 cup panko bread crumbs], title: Macaroni and Cheese Carbonara, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 24024: {instructions: Special equipment: a pressure cookernAdd the goat meat, allspice, seasoning salt, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon grated ginger and 3 cups water to a pressure cooker. Cook on high pressure for 20 minutes.nOn the stovetop in a deep pot, add the oil, curry powder, 1 tablespoon minced garlic and 1 tablespoon grated ginger and cook over low heat until all the ingredients combine together in a paste, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the scallions and habanero peppers and let simmer 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the goat and cooking liquid to the curry paste. Add more water if necessary, and simmer until tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Be careful not to overcook as the meat will get mushy and fall apart.nAdd the potatoes to the meat mixture and simmer until the goat is tender and the potatoes are cooked, about 12 hour more. Serve hot with accompaniments., ingredients: [2 pounds goat meat, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon seasoning salt, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons finely grated fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons canola or olive oil, 2 tablespoons Jamaican curry powder, 3 scallions, sliced, 12 scotch bonnet pepper, minced, optional, 1 pound potatoes, peeled and cubed], title: Jamaican Curried Goat, picturelink: 8bKZfy4xoCe3tdWn.6Rd4njQhkx7Ufq}, 24025: {instructions: Heat vegetable oil in a saucepan to 375 degrees F. Open up the can of biscuits, separate them from one another. With a oneinch round cutter, cut a hole into the center of each biscuit. Add biscuits and holes into the oil a couple at a time. When they turn golden brown, remove, drain on paper towels and roll into cinnamon and sugar mixture. For the cinnamon and sugar mixture, simply combine the two on in a bowl or lipped plate., ingredients: [1 can storebought biscuits, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup cinnamon, 2 cups vegetable oil], title: Cinnamon Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 24026: {instructions: For the potatoes: In a bowl smash the boiled potatoes. Add the sour cream, onions, parsley and egg yolk, and mix well. Season with salt and pepper. Form the mashed potato mixture into 4 cakes and coat with the breadcrumbs. Refrigerate and hold for later use.nFor the Cornish hens: Sprinkle the Cornish hens on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat a large saute pan over high heat, add the grapeseed oil and heat until it just begins to smoke. Carefully lay the hens in the pan, skinside down. Sear the hens until the skin is golden brown and releases from the pan. Reduce the heat to mediumhigh, turn the hens over, and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the chicken stock and cover the pan with a lid. Continue to cook the hens until they are cooked through, or when an internal thermometer reaches 160 degrees F along the thigh bone. Remove the hens from the pan and let rest.nAdd the demi glace and garlic to the stock in the pan and reduce by half.nRemove the pan from the heat and add the butter, and then whisk or swirl in the pan to incorporate. Add the tarragon and season the jus with salt and pepper.nFinish the potato cakes. In a saute pan over high heat, heat the grapeseed oil until it just begins to smoke. Place the potato cakes in the pan and cook until the cakes are golden brown. Reduce the heat to medium and flip the cakes and cook until both sides are golden brown. Remove the potato cakes and hold hot for plating.nFor the broccoli rabe: In a saute pan, heat the grapeseed oil and add the broccoli rabe. Saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and add the butter. Remove from the pan to a papertowellined plate.nTo plate, spoon 2 ounces of the tarragon jus on to the center of each plate. Place a portion of the broccoli rabe in the center of the sauce. Place a potato cake on top each broccoli rabe pile, then place either half or a whole hen over the potato cakes. Pour the remainder of the sauce over the hens., ingredients: [1 pound red potatoes, boiled and cooled, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup caramelized onions, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 egg yolk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 Cornish game hens, back bones and rib cages removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 cup chicken stock, 14 cup demi glace, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 12 pounds broccoli rabe, blanched, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons butter], title: Pan Seared Cornish Hen, picturelink: null}, 24027: {instructions: Special equipment: Cookie PressnBring all ingredients to room temperature.nBeat the butter and lemon zest with an electric mixer at medium speed until smooth, about 30 seconds. Slowly beat in the egg yolk and cream.nWhisk the flour, pecorino, 14 cup of the Parmesan, sugar, rosemary, salt, and nutmeg together in a bowl. Gradually add the flour mixture into the butter mixture while mixing slowly. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, then beat on medium speed to make a slightly sticky dough.nFill the cookie press with the dough. Assemble the press with the desired disk shape see cooks note, and press cookies onto ungreased baking sheets. Leave about one inch between cookies. Sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup Parmesan and refrigerate cookies for 20 minutes.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nBake cookies, rotating pan halfway through, until golden, the cheese browns a bit, and the cookies smell nutty, about 20 to 25 minutes. Briefly cool the cookies on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool. Serve or store in a tightly sealed container for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 large egg yolk, 6 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup finely grated Pecorino cheese, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoons fine salt, Pinch freshly ground nutmeg], title: RosemaryCheese Spritz Cookies, picturelink: waPEErh64LXqIrPEXZUqtddLtP9FMBG}, 24028: {instructions: Special equipment: 10inch cake pannGrease and flour the cake pan. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCream the butter with 12 cup of the sugar until light and fluffy. Add another 12 cup of sugar and beat until incorporated. Gradually add in the buttermilk, scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add the egg whites in 1 at a time, beating well after each addition.nIn a separate bowl stir together the flour and baking powder. Add the flour mix into the batter with the vanilla and mix together until well incorporated.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and arrange the mango, pineapple, and banana decoratively on the top. Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and bake for 45 minutes or until golden brown.nLet the torte cool slightly and slice. Serve each slice warm with a small scoop of vanilla frozen yogurt, 2 caramelized banana slices and 2 tablespoons of raspberry sauce.nSlice the bananas on the diagonal into 24 slices and place on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with the sugar and caramelize under a broiler for 1 to 2 minutes.nPlace raspberries, sweetener, and lemon juice in a blender and process until smooth. Strain and set aside., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons turbinado raw cane sugar, 6 tablespoons lowfat buttermilk, 3 large egg whites, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 mango, peeled, cored, and sliced, 34 cup peeled, cored and sliced pineapple, 34 cup diagonally sliced banana, Caramelized banana slices, recipe follows, Raspberry Sauce, recipe follows, Serving Suggestion: Fatfree frozen vanilla yogurt, 2 bananas, 2 tablespoons turbinado raw cane sugar, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 1 teaspoon concentrated fruit sweetener, 1 teaspoon lemon juice], title: Warm Tropical Fruit and Buttermilk Torte with Vanilla Frozen Yogurt, picturelink: null}, 24029: {instructions: Mix the tomatoes, olive oil, basil, garlic, thyme, oregano, cinnamon and nutmeg in a large bowl with a hand mixer., ingredients: [One 46ounce can crushed tomatoes, such as 711 Ground Tomatoes, 1 cup olive oil, 1 small handful fresh basil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg], title: Outrigger Pizza Red Sauce, picturelink: 0nch3K4Ay81wFumGXPB1sAyC2FXQmIW}, 24030: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Oil a 2quart baking dish.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook to al dente according to the package directions. Drain and put in the prepared baking dish. Toss with the sour cream, Parmesan and 14 teaspoon salt.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground beef and cook, stirring, until no longer pink, about 4 minutes. Add the bell peppers and scallions and cook until crisptender, about 3 minutes. Make a space in the pan, add the tomato paste and toast for a minute. Sprinkle with the Italian seasoning and 14 teaspoon salt. Add the diced tomatoes, stir and bring to a simmer. Cook until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes.nPour the beef mixture over the noodles and sprinkle with the grated Cheddar. Bake on the middle rack until the cheese is melted and the edges are bubbling, 15 to 20 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the baking dish, Kosher salt, 3 cups wide egg noodles about 5 ounces, 1 12 cups sour cream, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 ounces ground beef, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 bunch scallions white and green parts, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, One 14 12ounce can petite diced tomatoes, 2 cups grated Cheddar], title: Beef and Cheddar Casserole, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 24031: {instructions: Build a charcoal fire or preheat gas grill.nPlace all of the vegetables on a baking sheet, season generously with salt and pepper, and toss with the olive oil and garlic.nPlace the vegetables, cut side down, on the grill. Cook for a few minutes on each side until tender and nicely marked by the grill. Remove from grill and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and quartered, 1 yellow bell pepper, cored, seeded, and quartered, 2 medium leeks, trimmed, halved lengthwise, and cleaned, 2 portobello mushroom caps, stemmed and gills removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, as needed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced], title: Grilled Peppers, Leeks and Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 24032: {instructions: In a large pot over moderate heat combine oil, crushed pepper, anchovies, garlic, and bay. Let anchovies melt into oil. The anchovies act as a natural salt, the pepper flakes will infuse the oil, providing heat.nChop celery and onion near stove and add to the pot as you work. Saute vegetables for a few minutes to begin to soften and add wine to the pot. Reduce wine a minute, then add chicken stock, tomatoes, thyme, and parsley. Bring sauce to a bubble and reduce heat to medium low.nSeason fish chunks with salt and pepper. Add fish and simmer 5 minutes, giving the pot a shake now and then. Do not stir your soup with a spoon after the addition of fish or you will break it up. Add shrimp, scallops, and mussels and cover pot. Cook 10 minutes, giving the pot a good shake now and again.nRemove the lid and discard any mussels that do not open. Carefully ladle stew into shallow bowls and pass bread at the table., ingredients: [14 cup 3 turns around the pan in a slow stream extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 to 3 flat fillets of anchovies, drained, 6 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 cup good quality dry white wine, 1 14ounce container chicken stock, 1 32ounce can chunky style crushed tomatoes, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed about 1 tablespoon, 1 handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 12 pounds cod, cut into 2inch chunks, Salt and pepper, 8 large shrimp, ask for deveined easypeel or peel and devein, 8 sea scallops, 16 to 20 raw mussels, scrubbed, A loaf of fresh, crusty bread, for mopping], title: Cioppino: A Fine Kettle of Fish, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 24033: {instructions: Saute the bell peppers, fennel and onions in the olive oil in a large, heavybottomed braising pot until soft. Turn the heat to medium, add the curry paste and continue to saute for 4 minutes, being careful not to burn.nAdd the coconut milk, shrimp stock, bamboo shoots, fish sauce, lime juice and sugar. Stir together and simmer for 45 minutes over low heat.nWhen ready to serve, stir in the crab, Thai basil, cilantro, mint and lime leaves to heat through. Serve with the rice in a large bowl., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, julienned, 1 bulb fennel, julienned, 1 yellow onion, julienned, 2 ounces olive oil, 1 cup Thaistyle red curry paste, 12 cups coconut milk, 2 cup shrimp stock or chicken or vegetable stock, 1 cup bamboo shoots, 12 cup fish sauce, 14 cup fresh squeezed lime juice, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 pound lump crabmeat, 1 cup fresh Thai basil leaves, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 3 kaffir lime leaves, julienned if available, 6 servings jasmine rice, steamed], title: Thai Red Curry, picturelink: null}, 24034: {instructions: To begin the dressing, placed minced tarragon in a bowl, and add Dijon mustard. Add a pinch of grey salt, sherry vinegar, and olive oil. Whisk mixture together thoroughly.nIn a large bowl, toss the greens with enough of the dressing to coat them lightly. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Set aside.nFor eggs, make sure that upon starting they are room temperature. Bring the water to a boil in a deep saucepan. Add the wine vinegar and salt. Adjust the heat so the water barely bubbles. One at a time, break the eggs into a custard cups or small bowl, then slide gently into the water. Allow eggs to cook for about 1 12 minutes, then, with a slotted spoon, gently lift and shape the whites around the yolks. Continue to cook until the whites are just set and the yolks are glazed but still liquid about 2 12 minutes longer. Transfer the poached eggs with a slotted spoon to a clean dish towel or paper towels to drain.nPlace poached eggs on top of coated greens in large bowl, add a pinch of salt, to taste, and top with about 3 tablespoons or more of the prosciutto bits.nNote: Eggs poach best when the water is relatively deep, so use a deep saucepan. Adding vinegar to the water helps to set the whites.nTIP: The best way to make these bits is with the shanks of prosciutto. Ask your local butcher to save those shanks, and grind them on the medium grind if you want to save some chopping, or dice it finely yourself. Shank should cost about half of sliced prosciutto, as the store probably has no use for it.nNote: Whether you are chopping the prosciutto by hand or putting it through a meat grinder, youll have an easier time if the prosciutto is partially frozen.nPlace prosciutto in heated pan. Drizzle bits with olive oil, and cook, stirring. The prosciutto will give off steam for about 5 minutes while it releases its moisture. When the hiss of steam turns to a sizzle, turn the heat down to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until the prosciutto bits are crisp, about 30 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bits to several thicknesses of paper towel to drain. The bits will crisp even more as they cool. Use immediately or freeze the bits for up to 6 months and warm in a skillet as needed., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon sea salt, preferably gray salt, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound bitter mixed greens such as frisee, mizuna, radicchio, and arugula, 4 quarts water, 14 cup white wine vinegar or Champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon sea salt, preferably gray salt, 4 eggs, 12 cup Prosciutto Bits, recipe follows, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound prosciutto preferably from the shank, very finely minced or ground with the medium blade of a meat grinder, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Bitter Greens with Poached Egg and Prosciutto Bits, picturelink: GBNW6adHFgCYFE67yBusXZ4FeCEMHm}, 24035: {instructions: Sprinkle the meat with salt and pepper and lightly dredge in flour. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Brown the meat in batches and remove to a plate, adding a little additional oil when necessary. When all of the meat is browned and set aside, add the butter to the Dutch oven to melt. When the butter foams, add the celery, carrots, onions, bay leaf, herb bundle, some salt and pepper and the caraway seeds. Stir to combine and sweat the vegetables for a few minutes. Add the cider and vinegar, and reduce by half. Add the stock and then return the pork to the Dutch oven. Cover and cook about 1 hour over low heat or in an oven preheated to 325 degrees F.nStir in the potatoes and apples and continue to cook until the pork is tender, 30 to 40 minutes.nCool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over moderate heat and garnish with celery tops to serve., ingredients: [2 pounds pork shoulder butt, cut into 1 12inch cubes, Salt and pepper, Flour, for dredging, 3 to 4 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 to 4 ribs of celery, chopped, chopped into bitesize pieces, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped into bitesize pieces, 1 large or 2 medium onions, chopped into bitesize pieces, 1 large fresh bay leaf, Fresh herb bundle, thyme, sage and parsley sprigs tied with kitchen twine, 1 12 teaspoons caraway seeds, 1 12 cups cloudy cider, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 cup chicken stock, 3 medium russet potatoes, peeled and cut into bitesize chunks, 2 to 3 crisp apples, chopped, Celery tops, chopped for garnish], title: Pork and Cider Stew, picturelink: null}, 24036: {instructions: STIR black cherry spreadable fruit in small bowl until smooth. Stir together yogurt and peach apricot preserves in another small bowl.nSPOON 1 teaspoon black cherry spreadable fruit in bottom of 6 disposable cups or ice pop molds. Layer with 2 tablespoons yogurt mixture, 1 tablespoon black cherry spreadable fruit and 2 tablespoons yogurt mixture. Insert stick.nFREEZE at least 2 hours or until solidly frozen., ingredients: [12 cup Smuckersu00ae Simply Fruitu00ae Black Cherry Spreadable Fruit, 2 6 oz. containers Greek vanilla yogurt, 13 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Coastal Valley Peach Apricot Preserves, 6 3 oz. disposable plastic cups, 6 wooden sticks], title: Peachy Black Cherry Yogurt Pops, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 24037: {instructions: Whisk the eggs: Whisk 3 large eggs, 1 pinch of kosher salt, 1 grind of black pepper and 3 tablespoons whole milk together until light and foamy.nTIP: Odds are youre going to be serving these on a plate. If so, I strongly suggest you park an ovensafe one in a low oven or in hot water while youre cooking. Cold plates suck the heat right out of food.nAdd to the pan: Add 1 tablespoon unsalted butter to a 10to12inch nonstick skillet and put it over high heat. When the butter bubbles after about a minute, pour the eggs straight into the middle of the pan, which will force the butter to the edges, where its needed.nScramble the eggs: Stir slowly with a rubber or silicone spatula. As soon as curds big soft lumps of eggs begin to form, drop the heat to low and shift from stirring to folding the curds over on themselves while gently shaking the pan with the other hand.nLet rest: As soon as no more liquidous egg is running around the pan, kill the heat and gently transfer the scramble to the warmed plate. Let the eggs rest for 1 minute to finish cooking before serving.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [], title: Perfect Scrambled Eggs, picturelink: 2awdiPqBqbfhwp7gLHAb2PaikMMH02S}, 24038: {instructions: In a heavy skillet, over medium to medium low heat, heat butter until completely melted. Watch as butter boils, first with large bubbles and white milk solids floating on the surface, then with only a fine white foam filling entire surface. Stir occasionally.nSoon small patches of golden brown will appear on the surface, and overall color of butter will change from yellow to golden. Push aside foam periodically to check color of sediment. When sediment turns light brown, remove from heat see note.nDecant into a jar with a tight lid. Warm, if desired, for serving over rice., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks butter], title: Ghee, picturelink: null}, 24039: {instructions: Melt butter over flat top griddle or large castiron skillet and toast rye bread slices. Season and grill burgers on flat top. Cook to mediumrare. Put olive oil on griddle and grill onions until caramelized. Melt cheese slices over each burger. Assemble pattymelt by placing cheeseburgers over one slice each rye toast, top with caramelized onions and remaining slices of rye toast.nServe with French fries and sliced cantaloupe., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, softened, 4 slices rye bread, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 12 pound fresh ground round divided and shaped into 2 oval burgers, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small red onion, peeled and sliced into rings, 2 to 3 slices Swiss cheese], title: Patty Melt, picturelink: null}, 24040: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nShock the onions in an ice water bath for 10 minutes to temper the sharp flavor, and pat dry.nPlace the bacon, broccoli, cauliflower and onions in a large salad bowl. In a small bowl, whisk the sugar, vinegar and Dijon mustard. Slowly drizzle in the oil, whisking to make an emulsion. Mix in the mayonnaise and seafood seasoning. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the vegetables and toss., ingredients: [14 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 slices bacon, cut in small pieces, cooked to crisp, 12 bunch broccoli, cut into small florets about 1 12 cups, 12 small head cauliflower, cut into small florets about 1 12 cups, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Broccoli and Cauliflower Salad, picturelink: OqhGev1YjeCwqGCy.9masdTSoVwDtS}, 24041: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Melt the chocolate chips in a medium microwavesafe bowl in the microwave in 30second increments, stirring in between, until melted and smooth, about 1 minute total.nWhisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nAdd the granulated sugar, butter and vanilla to the melted chocolate, and beat with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth. Add the flour mixture, and mix on low speed until well incorporated. Turn off the mixer and use your hands to help combine if needed.nScoop tablespoonfuls of the batter, roll them into smooth balls and put them on the prepared baking sheet. Put the confectioners sugar or cocoa powder on a plate. Before serving, roll the truffles in confectioners sugar or cocoa powder to coat. The truffles can be refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 5 days., ingredients: [13 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch fine salt, 12 cup granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon nonalcoholic vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar or unsweetened cocoa powder, for rolling], title: Brownie Batter Truffles, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 24042: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine, cinnamon, nutmeg, and sugar and set aside briefly.nIn a 10inch or 12inch skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Whisk together cinnamon mixture, eggs, milk, and vanilla and pour into a shallow container such as a pie plate. Dip bread in egg mixture. Fry slices until golden brown, then flip to cook the other side. Serve with syrup., ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 eggs, 14 cup milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 slices challah, brioche, or white bread, 12 cup maple syrup, warmed], title: French Toast, picturelink: w1DmspcrHruEQeH6mpvaKt4qNo228zW}, 24043: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper and spray with nonstick cooking spray.nPulse the peanuts in a food processor until they are a fine meal. Add the oats, flour and salt and process until blended. Transfer to a bowl. In the food processor, combine the butter and sugar and process until light and fluffy. With the motor running, add the egg and vanilla. Process until smooth. Add half of the dry ingredients back into the processor and pulse to combine. Add the remaining half and pulse again until combined.nDrop the cookie dough by the tablespoonful I use an ice cream scoop onto the prepared baking sheets, leaving about 1 12 inches between the cookies. Use your thumb to make a thumb print in each cookie.nBake until the bottoms of the cookies are lightly golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.nStir the jelly in a small bowl to loosen it up and fill each thumbprint with about 1 teaspoon., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup unsalted roasted peanuts, 1 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup of your favorite jelly I like grape], title: Peanut Butter and Jelly Thumbprint Cookies, picturelink: LJIIu68UXuKbY6N5AOisF68bKcGmkSG}, 24044: {instructions: Add all liquid ingredients to a martini shaker. Shake and strain into a martini glass over a scoop of shaved ice. Serve with a cherry, for garnish, and a spoon., ingredients: [2 ounces lemonflavored rum recommended: Bacardi Limon, 14ounce sweet blue liqueur recommended: Blue Curacao, 14ounce sweet and sour mix, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 2 ounces grapefruit juice, Shaved ice, Cherries, for garnish], title: Electric Ice, picturelink: tiLXjD35kb2FiYAGMG27PWSi283MRTa}, 24045: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13by2inch baking dish with cooking spray.nIn a large skillet, cook the bacon until slightly crisp. With a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a papertowellined plate to drain. Saute the garlic, onion and bell pepper in the bacon drippings until tender. Add the tomatoes, olives, oregano, bacon and the cooked ground beef and simmer, uncovered, for 10 minutes.nPlace half of the spaghetti in the prepared baking dish top with half of the vegetablebeef mixture and sprinkle with 1 cup of the cheddar. Repeat the layers. In a bowl, stir together the cream of mushroom soup and 14 cup water until smooth, and pour this over the casserole. Sprinkle with the Parmesan and bake, uncovered, for 30 to 35 minutes, or until heated through., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for greasing pan, 6 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 bell pepper, chopped, Three 14 12ounce cans diced tomatoes with liquid, One 2 14ounce can sliced black olives, drained, 1 to 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 pound ground beef, browned and drained, 12 ounces thin spaghetti, cooked and drained, 2 cups grated cheddar 5 ounces, One 10ounce can cream of mushroom soup, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Baked Spaghetti, picturelink: Xp5aYU5Bk6qUWRKF4rpcPcZsf3kJB2y}, 24046: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason all sides of the beef with a fair amount of salt and pepper. In a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot that has a tight cover heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderately high heat. Brown the meat on all sides, taking the time to get a nice crust on the outside. Pour in the tomatoes and the water. Scatter the vegetables and herbs around the pot roast, season with salt and pepper and drizzle with the remaining tablespoon of oil. Cover the pot and reduce the heat to low. Braise for about 3 hours, basting every 30 minutes with the pan juices, until the beef is fork tender.nSlice the pot roast and arrange on platter surrounded by the vegetables. Serve with the pot juices., ingredients: [1 3 to 4 pound piece beef chuck roast, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 can crushed tomatoes, 1 cup water, 2 yellow onion, halved, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 bunch baby carrots, 2 celery stalks, sliced, 1 cup button mushrooms, stems removed and sliced in half, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves], title: Pot Roast with Vegetables, picturelink: 1aYeOwDgaRqO6uh8yDPkasBqwETdsFi}, 24047: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients except cornstarch and green onions in a large pot and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce to low and simmer, covered, turning occasionally, until chicken is tender, about 30 to 35 minutes more.nRemove chicken to a serving platter. Remove garlic and ginger and discard. Bring sauce to a boil, skim off excess fat, and cook until reduced slightly, about 10 minutes. Whisk in cornstarch mixture and bring to a boil. Remove from heat, add chicken, turn to coat, and serve chicken with sauce and sliced green onions., ingredients: [5 12 to 6 pounds chicken thighs, 5 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups lowsodium soy sauce, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 34 cup mirin, 8 medium garlic cloves, smashed and peeled, 4inch piece ginger, sliced 12inch thick and smashed, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons cornstarch dissolved in 5 tablespoons water, Thinly sliced green onions, for garnish], title: Shoyu Chicken, picturelink: DRjjRGLma0lOJEtKASQPSbc21vuBH7W}, 24048: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pasta serving bowl, mix together the olives, tomatoes, mint, capers, garlic, red pepper flakes, orange zest and olive oil. Season with salt and freshly cracked pepper. Stir and lightly press the ingredients with the back of the spoon to incorporate flavors. Let sit for at least 30 minutes, or up to a day.nJust before serving, cook the angel hair pasta in salted boiling water according to package instructions. Remove the garlic clove from the pasta sauce. Drain the pasta and while still steaming hot, place the pasta on top of the cold sauce. Let sit for a minute before tossing the pasta. Top with grated Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [12 cup flavorful pitted olives, lightly chopped, 2 ripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 13 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper, 12 ounces angel hair pasta, Parmesan, for grating], title: Mediterranean Summer Pasta with Salsa Cruda, picturelink: a.cICE6ivtEd9kmsqULfTaWLcX3Dwi}, 24049: {instructions: Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small pot. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nIn a large pot over high heat, bring 8 cups water to a boil. Add the tapioca pearls, return the water to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Turn off the heat, cover and let the pearls sit another 15 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. Put into a container with the cooled simple syrup and refrigerate up to 2 days.nPut 6 jasmine tea bags into a heatproof container and pour over 4 cups boiling water. Let steep 20 minutes. Remove the bags and discard. Let the tea cool, and then refrigerate.nWhen you are ready to serve, put 12 cup tapioca pearls into the bottom of a large glass. In a pitcher, combine the tea and sweetened condensed milk and stir until blended. Pour over the pearls and serve with an extra large straw., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup large tapioca pearls, 6 jasmine tea or jasmine and green tea bags, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk], title: Jasmine Delight Bubble Tea, picturelink: uz.Yw3Pd7wX4D9JZApyiC85aA82NO}, 24050: {instructions: Heat the oil in a nonstick pan. Add the mustard seeds and fry for 20 to 30 seconds, or until the mustard seeds start to pop. Caution: Keep the pan well away from your face and eyes.nBe careful of the popping seeds and the splatter of oil.nWhen the mustard seeds have popped, add the onion, ginger, and cashew nuts and fry for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the onions are golden brown. Add the garlic, green chiles, and salt, and fry for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring often, or until the garlic has softened. Add the chicken pieces, and fry for 5 to 6 minutes, or until golden brown. Add the yogurt, stir well and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat until the mixture is simmering, then cover the pan with a lid and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 10 to 15 minutes. Add the water, stir well, then cover the pan again, and simmer the mixture for another 15 minutes, or until the chicken is tender and the sauce has thickened. Add the remaining ingredients, stir well, and continue to cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the mixture has warmed through. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely sliced, 4 tablespoons cashew nuts, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and left whole, 2 green chiles, left whole, pricked with a knife, Kosher salt, 1 12pounds chicken pieces drumsticks and thighs, skin removed, 9 ounces plain yogurt, 3 12 ounces water, 12 curry leaves, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon ground fennel seeds, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Chicken with Yoghurt and Cashew Nuts, picturelink: null}, 24051: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. In a large bowl stir together oats, almonds, coconut, pumpkin or sunflower seeds, and salt. In a small saucepan melt butter with honey over low heat, stirring. Pour butter mixture over oat mixture and stir until combined well. In a large jelly roll pan spread granola evenly and bake in middle of oven, stirring halfway through baking, until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool granola in pan on a rack and stir in dried fruits. Granola may be kept in an airtight container at cool room temperature for 2 weeks., ingredients: [3 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 23 cup sliced almonds, 12 cup unsweetened desiccated coconut, 13 cup hulled green pumpkinseeds or sunflower seeds, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons honey, 1 cup mixed dried fruits such as raisins, cherries, and apricots], title: Almond Coconut Granola, picturelink: null}, 24052: {instructions: Process feta, sour cream, onion and pepper in food processor until smooth. Refrigerate sauce until ready to serve.nHeat broiler. Spray broilerpan rack with nonstick cooking spray. Thread pork cubes with zucchini and cherry tomatoes onto 6 14inch metal skewers.nBroil skewers 5 inches from heat 10 minutes, turning skewers over halfway through cooking.nWhile pork is broiling, cook the couscous according to the package directions.nTo serve, spoon couscous onto serving platter top with skewers and sprinkle with parsley. Serve sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 box 5.6 ounces flavored couscous, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf Italian parsley, 12 of 8ounce package flavored feta cheese, crumbled, 12 of 8ounce container reducedfat sour cream, 1 small onion, diced, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 seasoned pork tenderloin about 1 12 pounds, halved lengthwise and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 zucchini about 1 pound, halved lengthwise and cut into 12inchthick slices, 12 cherry tomatoes], title: Mediterranean Pork Skewers, picturelink: null}, 24053: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nEvenly spread the cauliflower on a baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to the oven and roast, tossing once with a spatula, until golden brown at the edges, about 20 minutes.nPut the butter in a small skillet over mediumlow heat. Once its melted, add the pine nuts and cook, stirring frequently, until theyre lightly golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and dates and continue cooking until theyre softened, 2 to 3 minutes more season with salt.nTransfer the hot cauliflower to a serving bowl, drizzle the pine nut mixture over the top and toss to combine. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary and serve warm or at room temperature.nPhotographs by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 large head cauliflower, cut into florets about 8 cups, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup pine nuts, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup pitted Medjool dates, coarsely chopped], title: Roasted Cauliflower With Dates and Pine Nuts, picturelink: 0RorDadT4j.P.DA8t6qWiprcDJUOW}, 24054: {}, 24055: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450. Lightly grease a 24cup mini muffin pan or spray with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt and pepper.nIn a separate bowl, mix together the onion, milk, eggs and butter. Fold the egg mixture into the flour mixture until the flour mixture is just moistened.nSpoon 1 tablespoon of the batter into each of the prepared mini muffin cups. Bake for 10 minutes, or until the hush puppies are firm to the touch and golden brown around the edges.nPhotograph by Hallie Burton, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, butter or cooking spray, for greasing, 23 cup yellow cornmeal, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 13 cup milk, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Baked Hush Puppies, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 24056: {instructions: To make the sauce, puree the peppers, lemon juice, and garlic in a food processor. With the machine running, add the oil. Season with the salt. Pour into a bowl and let stand at room temperature until ready to serve, up to 2 hours, or refrigerate for up to one day. Remove chilled sauce from refrigerator 1 hour before serving.nCombine the fish and marinade in a zipped plastic bag. Seal the bag and let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes, no longer.nBuild a charcoal fire use about 2 12 pounds of briquettes on one side of an outdoor grill and let it burn until the coals are covered with white ash. In a gas grill, preheat on High, then turn one burner off and adjust the other burners to High.nLightly oil the cooking grate. Drain the fish well, but do not scrape off the clinging herbs. Place the fish over the coals and cover. Grill, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides, about 6 minutes. In a gas grill, place the fish over the High burner and cover. Grill, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides, about 6 minutes.nTransfer the fish to the cooler side of the grill or over the off burner. Cook until the fish is opaque when flaked in the center, about 6 more minutes.nCut each fillet crosswise into thick slices. Transfer the slices to dinner plates. Stir the basil into the sauce. Serve the fish immediately, with the sauce passed on the side.nIn a medium glass or nonreactive bowl, whisk together all the ingredients, except the oil. Gradually whisk in the oil. Use immediately or cover with plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator for up to 1 day., ingredients: [3 medium red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 garlic cloves, crushed through a press, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil, Four 7ounce monkfish fillets, White wine and herb marinade, recipe follows, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary or 1 12 teaspoons dried, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano or 1 12 teaspoons dried, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme or 1 12 teaspoons dried, 1 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 2 garlic cloves, crushed through a press, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 12 cup olive oil], title: Monkfish with Red PepperBasil Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24057: {instructions: Cut off the tops of the jalapenos and scoop out the seeds. Pat the shrimp dry and generously season with salt. Insert 1 shrimp into each jalapeno, leaving the tail sticking out.nWhisk 34 cup flour, the cornstarch, Old Bay and beer in a medium bowl until smooth set aside. Heat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Whisk the remaining 34 cup flour and 12 teaspoon salt in a shallow bowl.nWorking in batches, dredge the jalapenos in the flour, shaking off any excess, then dip in the beer batter, coating the shrimp and jalapeno completely. Fry, stirring occasionally, until the shrimp are cooked through and the jalapenos are golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels season with salt. Serve with malt vinegar.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [12 medium jalapeno peppers, 12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails intact, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning, 1 cup lagerstyle beer, Vegetable oil, for frying, Malt vinegar, for serving], title: ShrimpStuffed Jalapeno Poppers, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 24058: {instructions: Special equipment: an 8inch castiron skilletnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crumb topping: In a medium bowl, mix the flour, brown sugar, granulated sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt using a fork or pastry cutter. Cut the butter into small pieces and gradually add it to the flour mixture until evenly mixed. Set aside.nFor the apple filling: In an 8inch castiron skillet, heat the butter over medium heat. Add the apple slices and a pinch of salt and cook for 3 minutes. Stir in the brown sugar, cornstarch, vanilla and lemon juice.nCover the apple filling in the skillet evenly with the crumb topping. Cover with foil and bake for 15 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until crisp and brown on top, an additional 20 to 30 minutes.nServe with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 Granny Smith apples, peeled and sliced, Pinch of kosher salt, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon vanilla, Juice of 12 lemon, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Skillet Apple Crisp, picturelink: et7YwlIbP4DxS3dHSNiXXSTH9VAus4K}, 24059: {instructions: Heat a large casserole or deep skillet that can later be covered over mediumhigh heat for 2 or 3 minutes add bacon stirring until crisp, remove with a slotted spoon and reserve, leave bacon drippings in pan if desired add the oil and the crushed garlic clove cook, stirring, for I minute, then remove and discard the garlic. Add the meat chunks to the skillet a few at a time, turning to brown well on all sides. Do not crowd or they will not brown properly cook them in batches if necessary. You may find it easier to do the initial browning in the oven: Preheat to 500 degrees and roast the meat with 1 tablespoon of the oil and the garlic clove, shaking the pan to turn them once or twice, until brown all over. Remove the garlic clove before continuing. Season the meat with salt and pepper as it cooks. When the meat is brown, remove it with a slotted spoon. Pour or spoon off most of the fat and turn the heat to medium. Add the onions. Cook, stirring, until they soften, about 10 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for about 2 minutes. Add the stock or water or wine, bay leaf, thyme, and meat, and bring to a boil. Turn the heat to low and cover. Cook, undisturbed, for 30 minutes.n Uncover the pan the mixture should be quite soupy if it is not, add a little more liquid. Add the potatoes and carrots, turn the heat up for a minute or so to resume boiling, then lower the heat and cover again. Cook 30 to 60 minutes until the meat and vegetables are tender. Taste for seasoning and add more salt, pepper, andor thyme if necessary. If you are not planning to serve the stew immediately, remove the meat and vegetables with a slotted spoon and refrigerate them and the stock separately. Skim the fat from the stock before combining it with the meat and vegetables, reheating, and proceeding with the recipe from this point. Add the minced garlic and the peas and bacon if you are pleased with the stews consistency, continue to cook, covered, over low heat. If it is too soupy, remove the cover and raise the heat to high. In either case, cook an additional 5 minutes or so, until the peas have heated through and the garlic flavor has pervaded the stew. Garnish and serve.nTime: 1 12 to 2 hours, largely unattended ., ingredients: [14 pound of bacon cubed, 2 tablespoons canola or other neutral oil, or olive oil, 1 clove garlic, lightly crushed, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 to 2 12 pounds beef chuck or round, trimmed of surface fat and cut into 1 to 1 12inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 large or 3 medium onions, cut into eighths, 3 tablespoons flour, 3 cups chicken, beef, or vegetable stock, or water, or wine, or a combination, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves or 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 4 mediumtolarge potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 4 large carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 cup fresh or frozen thawed peas, Minced fresh parsley leaves for garnish], title: Beef Stew with Bacon, picturelink: null}, 24060: {instructions: Cook the wheat berries: Bring a medium saucepan of water to a boil. Add the wheat berries, and cook until plump and tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Drain the wheat berries, and transfer them to a medium bowl. Toss with the sesame oil and 12 teaspoon salt. Serve warm or at room temperature. The wheat berries can be cooked and refrigerated in an airtight container up to 2 days ahead. Microwave just enough to take the chill off, about 2 minutes, stirring about halfway through.nMake the miso sauce: While the wheat berries cook, whisk together the mayonnaise, miso, mirin, vinegar and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl until smooth.nToast the sesame seeds: Swirl the sesame seeds in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat until toasted and golden, about 3 minutes. Pour them into a small bowl.nCook the salmon: Season the salmon with salt. Add the oil to the skillet, set over mediumhigh heat and heat the oil until it just starts to smoke faintly. Arrange the salmon, skinside down, in the skillet. As the salmon cooks youll see the dark orange flesh turn a paler orange. Once the lighter color reaches about 23 up the side of each piece, turn the salmon over continue to cook for about 1 minute more for mediumrare for thicker pieces, 30 seconds more for thinner pieces. As each piece finishes, remove it from the skillet and transfer it to a plate.nBuild the bowls: Evenly divide the wheat berries among 4 bowls. Make neat piles andor rows of the cabbage, avocado and scallions. Top each with a piece of salmon and some miso sauce, a sprinkling of sesame and some seaweedsnack strips. Serve each bowl with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [1 12 cups wheat berries, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons white miso paste, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, One 8ounce salmon fillet preferably with skin, cut into 4 equal pieces, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 2 cups very thinly sliced green cabbage about 14 small head, 1 firmripe avocado, sliced, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 sheets toasted seaweed snack, cut into thin strips, 1 lemon, quartered into wedges], title: Wheat Berry Bowl with Salmon and Miso Sauce, picturelink: fMtKxNmbxrswT5vG823DLa.7WpWmVdm}, 24061: {instructions: Place the bulgur and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl and add the boiling water. Soak until tender but slightly chewy, 20 minutes. Strain to remove any excess moisture.nHeat a large nonstick skillet with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions, 14 teaspoon salt and a pinch of black pepper. Cook, stirring, until soft and starting to brown, about 4 minutes. Add the cumin and allspice, and stir until very fragrant and the onions are evenly coated in the spices, about 1 minute. Transfer the onions to a large bowl to cool. Carefully wipe out the skillet to use again later.nMix together the hummus, yogurt, 1 teaspoon of the lemon juice and 12 teaspoon salt.nAdd the bulgur, ground beef, 1 14 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper to the onions. Gently mix together and form 4 patties, each just under 12inch thick.nHeat the reserved skillet with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over medium heat. When the oil starts to shimmer, add the patties, making sure to leave some space between them. Cook until the patties are cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes per side.nToss together the greens, pomegranate seeds, cucumber, the remaining 1 tablespoon lemon juice, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Divide the patties and salad among four plates. Serve each with pita and a dollop of the yogurt sauce., ingredients: [13 cup cracked, medium grain bulgur, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups boiling water, 14 cup olive oil, 12 medium onion, finely diced, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 English cucumber, sliced into halfmoons, Warm pita, for serving, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Large pinch ground allspice, 14 cup prepared hummus, 14 cup plain wholemilk yogurt, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 8 ounces ground beef, 6 cups baby spring greens, 12 cup pomegranate seeds], title: Beef and Bulgur Patties, picturelink: WQ2gmO8mwxk9IxrKnogsHIS69E8OyNq}, 24062: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Bake the potatoes on a rack for 1 hour or until soft. Allow them to cool slightly.nCut the potatoes in 12, scoop out the pulp, and place in a mixing bowl, setting the skins aside. Add the butter, salt, black pepper, and cayenne. Mash well, adding enough milk to make a fairly stiff mixture. Add the beaten egg yolks and stir well.nSpoon the mixture into the potato skins and top with shredded cheese. Place on a cookie sheet and bake for 20 minutes, until well browned., ingredients: [4 large baking potatoes, scrubbed, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 14 cup milk, or as needed, 2 egg yolks, beaten, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar], title: Twice Baked Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 24063: {instructions: Fill 4 glasses with ice. Add 14 cup of the blended orange mixture to each glass. Top with seltzer and add vodka, if desired. Stir and garnish each glass with an orange segment., ingredients: [1 cup reserved blended orange mixture from Orange Cream Pop recipe, 1 1liter bottle seltzer water, 4 Mandarin orange segments reserved from Orange Cream Pop recipe, 4 ounces vanilla vodka, optional], title: Orange Fizz Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 24064: {instructions: Weigh out 12 ounces of flour and put it in a sifter. Add the baking soda, cream of tartar and salt. Sift all into a bowl. Weigh out 3 ounces of chilled lard and break it into 1 inch chunks. Cut the lard into the flour with 2 knives or a pastry cutter. Fold in the buttermilk in 3 parts.  Use 14 cup more buttermilk if necessary. Only fold in the buttermilk until its just blended. Work lightly.nLightly dust the table with flour. Use as little flour as possible Work the dough with fingertips only until it just holds together. Roll out dough 12inch thick. Dip biscuit cutter in flour and punch out 12 biscuits.nDont use a glass to punch out the biscuits and dont twist the cutter. You need a clean cut that doesnt compress the dough so the biscuits will rise easily.nYou can stack scraps and roll them out in order to cut more biscuits. Put biscuits on ungreased baking sheet.nPut the biscuits close together but not touching. If theyre too close, the edges wont cook and the biscuits will have a cakey texture  too far apart and theyll brown too soon and be raw in the middle.nBake at 450 degrees. Until tops are golden brown, about 15 to 17 minutes., ingredients: [12 ounces of White Lily flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 34 teaspoon salt, 3 ounces of chilled lard, 34 cup buttermilk, 14 cup more if necessary, Flour], title: Southern Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 24065: {instructions: In a blender, combine garlic and ginger. Turn on machine and slowly pour the peanut oil and process to a puree. Transfer to a bowl and add the remaining ingredients. Stir together and marinate for 1 hour. Pass mixture through medium dye in the meat grinder. Transfer to an electric standing mixer and using the paddle, on slow speed, mix until emulsified.nMake the pot stickers. Separate the wonton wrappers and brush edges with egg wash. Place a generous spoonful of the filling and seal the edges, making small folds in the rounded side, starting from the center, and folding down to each end to create a half moon shape. Continue until you have used up the filling. Refrigerate until ready to cook.nCook pot stickers in small batches in boiling, salted water. Drain. Heat a nonstick saute pan with peanut oil and sear until golden on the bottom. Remove and serve with dipping sauce.nCombine all ingredients and whisk together. Serve as dipping sauce for pot stickers.nYield: approximately 1 12 cups dipping sauce, ingredients: [14 cup garlic cloves, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 14 cup dried fruits, such as apricots, cherries, or raisins, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, minced, 12 bunch green onions, minced, Salt and pepper, Pinch sugar, 14 cup oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon chile paste, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 pounds pork butt, cubed, Round wonton wrappers, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, Peanut oil, for frying, Dipping sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 cup sesame oil, 2 tablespoons minced scallions or green onions, Large pinch sugar], title: Pot Stickers, picturelink: null}, 24066: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCook bacon in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat, until crispy and fat renders, about 10 minutes. Remove bacon with a slotted spoon to a paper towellined plate, reserving renderings in the skillet. Cook the onions and garlic in the pan drippings until brown, about 15 minutes. Let cool.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl whisk the eggs, mustard, hot sauce, Worcestershire, cream, salt, and pepper. Add the meat, cheese, parsley, and cooked onion. Chop and add the bacon. Mix with a fork until evenly blended. Whisk the glaze ingredients together in a bowl.nDampen hands with water and on a foillined cookie sheet, pat mixture into a loaf shape. Bake until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the loaf registers 155 degrees F, about 1 hour. Spread the glaze onto the meatloaf after about 50 minutes. Let loaf rest for at least 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 pieces bacon, diced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pound ground beef chuck, 8 ounces ground pork, 8 ounces ground veal, 8 ounces sharp cheddar, shredded 2 13 cups, 13 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons water], title: BaconCheddar Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 24067: {instructions: Cook Rotelle according to package directions. Drain and add 3 tablespoons of pesto. Toss to coat. Set aside. In saucepan combine remaining pesto and tomato sauce. Stir until mixed. Add cream and stir well. Pour over pasta and serve., ingredients: [14 pound Rotelle pasta, 6 tablespoons pesto, 2 cups tomato sauce, 14 cup cream], title: Pesto and Pasta, picturelink: null}, 24068: {instructions: In a plastic bag, combine chicken tenders and 14 cup of pesto, set aside and let sit for 15 minutes.nIn a small bowl, stir together 14 cup pesto and mayonnaise. Spread mixture on both sides of ciabatta set aside.nPreheat an oiled grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill chicken tenders 5 minutes per side. Remove and let rest for 5 minutes. Turn the heat down to medium and reoil the grill pan.nPlace cheese on both halves of bread. Add arugula, then tomato, then basil leaves, then pesto chicken to bottom piece. Top with top half of bread. Place onto the grill pan and place a heavy pan on top of the sandwich. Grill for 3 minutes per side or until cheese starts to melt.nCut into 4 portions and serve., ingredients: [1 16ounce package chicken tenders, rinsed and patted dry, 12 cup prepared pesto, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 16ounce loaf ciabatta bread, sliced in half horizontally, 4 slices presliced mozzarella, 1 cup baby arugula or spinach, rinsed and patted dry, 2 tomatoes, sliced, 15 fresh basil leaves], title: Pesto Chicken Panini, picturelink: Vi24wjq14WRAguScLYGGrYNB8Bwziu}, 24069: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9 by 9inch baking dish.nIn a large bowl, mix together the lamb, garlic, shallots, parsley and Parmesan. Season the meat with salt and pepper, to taste. Form meat into 1ounce balls and arrange them in a baking dish. Bake them for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove them from the oven and keep warm.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil from the tomatoes. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes. Cook until the garlic begins to brown, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the onions and cook until softened, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the spinach and tomatoes and cook until warmed through and mixture has good color, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the lemon juice and season the mixture with salt and pepper, to taste. Whisk in the mascarpone cheese and remove the pan from the heat. Put 3 to 4 meatballs on each roll and top with the sundried tomato and spinach salad., ingredients: [Lamb Meatballs, 1 12 pounds ground lamb, 2 tablespoons garlic, minced, 2 shallots, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Sundried Tomatoes and Spinach Salad, 1 cup sundried tomatoes in oil, drained, oil reserved, julienned, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 onion, minced, 1 10ounce package frozen spinach, thawed and drained, 1 lemon, juiced, Pinch salt, Pinch pepper, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, 4 steak rolls], title: Loaded Lamb Meatball Hoagie, picturelink: null}, 24070: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs drain.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes cook, stirring, until the garlic is slightly softened, about 1 minute. Drain the tomatoes, reserving 12 cup juice crush the tomatoes with your hands and set aside. Add the tomato juice and bay leaves to the skillet. Cook, stirring, until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes.nAdd the clam juice and 14 teaspoon salt and cook until the liquid evaporates slightly, about 2 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the sauce thickens slightly, about 12 minutes.nIncrease the heat to high. Remove the bay leaves and add the mussels to the sauce. Cover and cook until the mussels open, about 5 minutes. Discard any unopened mussels. Add the spaghetti and parsley toss to coat. Season with salt and drizzle with more olive oil.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 10 ounces spaghetti, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, 2 bay leaves, 12 cup bottled clam juice, 1 12 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Sicilian Mussels Marinara, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 24071: {instructions: For the stock: Fill a large stockpot with 3 quarts of water and boil on high, adding all of your ingredients. Once it is boiling, continue to boil on medium high and add your white wine. Once your stock has melded flavors and is successfully permeated, it is ready, approximately 25 to 30 minutes. You can cook it longer for more distinct flavor.nOnce your stock is ready transfer through a fine meshed sieve. Use about 4 cups for the soup. Add 1 cup of heavy cream and some crushed red pepper flakes. Simmer gently for about 10 minutes and add salt and pepper, to taste.nTo serve: put some grated tomme cheese in a soup bowl, along with a few sweet 100 tomatoes. Ladle soup over the cheese and tomatoes to melt. Garnish with chives and serve.nSimply blend 1 cup of oil and 13 pound chives in a blender until smooth., ingredients: [3 quarts water, 1 pound shrimp shells, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup chive oil, recipe follows, 1 lemon, quartered, 4 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons crushed red peppercorns, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 6 cloves garlic, 6 sprigs thyme, 1 bunch flatleaf parsley, 12 pound chives, chopped, plus more for garnish, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 12 cup grated Kentucky tomme cheese, 12 pint sweet 100 tomatoes, 1 cup oil, 13 pound fresh chives], title: Mac N Cheese Soup, picturelink: null}, 24072: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a 8 by 8inch square microwave safe dish with plastic wrap allowing the wrap to come over the sides. Spray the prepared dish with cooking spray.nSpray a medium size, microwave safe bowl with cooking spray. To the prepared bowl, add the caramel candies, peanuts, white chocolate and 12 cup of the coconut. Give it a stir to combine. set the microwave for 1 minute 30 seconds on HIGH. Place the bowl in the microwave and cook 1 minute. Stop the microwave, stir the mixture, return to microwave to cook 30 seconds longer. Remove the mixture and stir. Scrape it into the prepared square pan. Flatten the mixture with a rubber spatula evenly. Cover the top of the candy with remaining coconut, using the rubber spatula to press it in slightly. If the mixture is too firm on top for the coconut to stick, place the mixture back in the microwave for 10 seconds, then resume pressing the coconut into the candy.nAllow the candies to cool completely. Remove the entire block, using the plastic wrap to help you pull it out. Using a sharp knife, cut candy into small, 1inch squares., ingredients: [5 ounces soft caramel candies, 24 pieces, unwrapped, 12 cup unsalted dry roasted peanuts, 14 cup white chocolate chip morsels, 2 handfuls, 1 14 cups sweetened coconut flakes, Vegetable cooking spray], title: CocoNut Caramel Chews, picturelink: u3pYM4dxtVBq3qoO8JaZsBWbWSsPtQS}, 24073: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine the mayonnaise, butter, cheese, garlic and hot sauce. Spread over both halves of the bread. Bake in the oven until golden brown and bubbling, about 5 minutes. Slice and serve.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [One 15ounce jar mayonnaise, 1 stick butter, melted, 1 cup grated Cheddar or jack cheese, 12 cup minced garlic, Dash hot sauce, 1 loaf French bread, sliced in half lengthwise], title: Heavenly Bread, picturelink: F8DvNnfC07jg7tdBsxfN9FaPlTx75f2}, 24074: {instructions: Whisk the flour and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Beat the cream cheese and butter in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the flour mixture until just incorporated. Increase the speed to medium high add 12 cup coconut and beat until well combined. Divide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap shape each into a rectangle. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nRoll out each piece of dough on a lightly floured surface into a 6by12inch rectangle. Transfer to a baking sheet and refrigerate.nMicrowave the dried pineapple with the water until softened, 2 minutes. Transfer to a food processor add the preserves, raisins, ginger and a pinch of salt. Pulse until smooth.nBrush the dough rectangles with the beaten egg. Spread the filling over the dough rectangles, leaving a 1inch border along 1 long side of each. Roll up the dough toward the clean border into a tight log press to seal and position seamside down. Brush the top with beaten egg and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons coconut. Refrigerate until firm, 30 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Slice the logs into 1inch pieces arrange on the baking sheets. Bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more, for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, plus a pinch, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sweetened shredded coconut, 12 cup dried pineapple chunks, 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup pineapple preserves, 14 cup golden raisins, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Pineapple Rugelach, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 24075: {instructions: Special equipment: Large, oval earthenware baking dish with lidnUsing a piece of kitchen twine, tie together the parsley, thyme, and bay leaf into a bundle.nIn a large nonreactive bowl, combine the onions, pork, beef, lamb, carrots, ham hocks, garlic, and herb bundle. Pour in the wine, stir to combine, and let marinate in the refrigerator for 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nButter the inside of the baking dish. Strain then separate the meat and vegetables reserve the wine.nIn the baking dish, layer half of the vegetables, potatoes, leeks and all the meat, seasoning each layer with salt and pepper, to taste. Repeat with the remaining vegetables, potatoes, and leeks. Pour over the reserved wine from marinade. Dot the top with the 6 tablespoons of butter.nCover the baking dish with the lid. Roll the bread dough, if using, into a rope the circumference of the baking dish. Press the dough rope around the edge of the lid, pressing it slightly to seal. Brush the bread with some of the beaten egg. Bake for 2 12 hours.nRemove the bread, uncover, and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 sprigs flatleaf parsley, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 2 pounds onions, thinly sliced, 1 pound pork shoulder, cut into 3inch cubes, 1 pound beef chuck, cut into 3inch cubes, 1 pound lamb shoulder, cut into 3inch cubes, 1 pound carrots, thinly sliced, 4 ham hocks, 1 head garlic about 20 cloves, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 bottles Riesling, preferably Alsatian, Unsalted butter for the baking dish, plus 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 pounds waxystyle potatoes, thinly sliced, 3 leeks, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Small amount of bread dough optional, 1 large egg, beaten optional], title: Le Backeoffe, picturelink: null}, 24076: {instructions: Brown gravy, for serving, if desirednPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the kasha and eggs together in a large pot. Put the pot over low heat and let the moisture dry out. Stir in the stock and the seasonings. Cover the pot and transfer to the oven. Bake until all the liquid has been absorbed, about 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Add the remaining ingredients and stir to combine. Correct the seasoning, if needed. Return the pot to the oven and cook until heated through. Transfer the kasha mixture to a serving bowl or platter and serve with brown gravy, if desired., ingredients: [2 14 boxes kasha, 5 eggs, 13 12 cups chicken stock, 18 teaspoon monkey dish salt flat, 12 tablespoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 box mushrooms, sauteed, Sauteed onions, about 1 cup, 1 14 lpound boxes bowties, cooked], title: Ziggys Kasha Varnishkas, picturelink: null}, 24077: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the pine nuts on a sheet pan and toast until golden, 3 to 5 minutes. Set aside and leave oven on.nBring beef stock to a simmer in a small saucepan. Add the butter and stir in the couscous. Cover the pot and remove from the heat. Let sit for 5 to 10 minutes. Fluff the couscous with a fork and place into a medium bowl. Stir in the toasted pine nuts, lemon zest and juice, tomatoes, 1 tablespoon of the chopped mint, chorizo, feta cheese and all but 3 tablespoons of the cucumber. Add salt and pepper to taste. Cover and set aside to cool.nButterfly the loin, lay in the couscous stuffing and tie with butcher twine.nIn a small bowl combine the cumin, olive oil, salt and pepper, to taste. Brush all sides of the lamb loin with the flavored oil.nHeat a saute pan big enough to hold the loin, brush with oil. Place the loin in the pan and cook, turning until seared on all sides, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a sheet pan to finish cooking in the oven, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small stainless bowl, mix the yogurt with the remaining mint and cucumber. To serve, slice couscous Lamb loin and place on toasted crostini.nGarnish with Yogurt Sauce and Fresh Mint., ingredients: [14 cup pine nuts, 12 cup beef stock, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 13 cup couscous, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 small tomato, cut into 14inch dice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, plus more for garnish, 2 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 8 ounces chorizo, removed from casing and sauteed until done, 1 small seedless cucumber, peel on, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14ounce boneless lamb loin, fat and silver skin trimmed, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for grilling, 12 cup plain yogurt, Toasted crostini], title: Colorado Lamb and Couscous Crostini, picturelink: null}, 24078: {instructions: In medium stock pot over medium heat, add oil, onions and peppers and saute until translucent. Add the garlic, tomatoes and ground beef. Cook until meat is browned.nAdd rice to mixture and cook over low heat for 3 minutes, coating rice with the oils from the pan. Add beans, chicken stock, water and seasonings, bring to a simmer, then cover and cook on low for 20 minutes.nFluff with fork and garnish with green onions., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 red onion, minced, 1 jalapeno, seeded, minced, 1 green bell pepper, minced, 1 red bell pepper, minced, 2 tablespoons garlic, minced, 1 cup Roma tomatoes, diced, 34 pound ground beef or turkey, 2 cups longgrain rice, 8 ounces kidney beans, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 12 cups water, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons green onion, sliced, for garnish], title: Chili Rice, picturelink: wN0fpqEgWpcRueVmWaavl.OUtsKt5u}, 24079: {instructions: Put the tomatoes in a large bowl and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper set aside until juicy, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and let cool slightly, then crumble into bitesize pieces.nPit and peel the avocado cut into 12inch pieces and toss with the lemon juice in a large bowl. Add the tomatoes and gently toss. Drizzle with the dressing and top with the bacon, chives and blue cheese.nPuree 12 cup each crumbled blue cheese and sour cream, 13 cup buttermilk, 1 small garlic clove smashed and 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar in a blender. Transfer to a bowl and stir in 14 cup more blue cheese, 2 to 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce andor hot sauce, and 1 tablespoon chopped parsley. Season with salt and pepper. Makes about 2 cups.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebep, ingredients: [2 12 pounds assorted tomatoes, halved or cut into wedges if large, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 slices thickcut bacon, 1 avocado, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 cup blue cheese dressing see directions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives or scallions, Crumbled blue cheese, for topping], title: AvocadoTomato Salad with Bacon and Blue Cheese, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 24080: {instructions: For the cinnamon buns: In a pot, combine the milk and the butter and bring to a simmer to melt the butter. Remove from the heat and cool the mixture to 120 degrees F. Grease a bowl with oil.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the cooled milk mixture, 1 cup of the flour, the sugar, salt, egg and yeast. Mix with a dough hook on low for 3 minutes. Add the remaining 2 12 cups flour and mix on low until the dough forms a ball and pulls away from the sides of the bowl. Turn the speed of the mixer up to mediumhigh and knead the dough for 8 minutes.nTransfer the dough to the greased bowl and cover with plastic wrap and kitchen towel. Place the dough in a warm place and allow it to proof for 2 hours.nFor the filling: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and roll out to a 14inch thick sheet. Spread the butter over the surface of the dough leaving about a 12inch border around the edges uncovered.nIn a bowl combine the brown sugar, granulated sugar and cinnamon. Spread an even layer of the filling on top of the buttered dough. Roll up the sheet of dough into a log. With the seamside down cut the log into 12 to 16 even portions. Place the portions in large muffin tins and allow them to proof again until the buns fill the muffin tin.nBake for 20 to 30 minutes.nFor the pecans: In a pan, combine the brown sugar and 2 tablespoons water, and cook until the water is cooked off and the sugar is melted.nIn a bowl, toss the pecan pieces with the melted sugar. Spread the coated pecans on a sheet pan and cool. Break up the candied pecans once they are cooled, and reserve for later use.nFor the caramel sauce: In a pot over medium heat, combine the sugar and corn syrup. Stir regularly until the sugar begins to melt, about 10 minutes. Once melted, stir the sugar until it reaches a goldencaramel color. Remove the caramel from the heat and slowly stir in the heavy cream. Stir in the butter and hold.nIn a saute pan, heat the oil. Add the apples and saute until tender. Add the rum and flambe. Add the apples to the caramel sauce and simmer to marry the flavors, 2 to 3 minutes.nTo serve, warm 6 of the cinnamon buns and place the one bun in the center of each plate. Spoon the applerum caramel sauce over the cinnamon buns. Sprinkle the candied pecans over the caramel sauce. Top the dressed cinnamon buns with a scoop of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Oil, for greasing, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, One 14ounce packet instant yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 14 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 cups pecan pieces, toasted, 1 pound granulated sugar, 12 cup corn syrup, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces butter, 1 12 cups peeled and diced apples, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 4 ounces rum, such as Bacardi 151, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Cinnamon Bun Sundae, picturelink: null}, 24081: {instructions: Special equipment: An instantread thermometernBring the milk just to a boil over medium heat in a small pot. Remove from the heat and add the butter to melt. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and let cool to between 105 to 110 degrees F. Add the egg and stir to combine.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour, yeast, salt and 3 tablespoons of the granulated sugar. Add the milk mixture and mix until just combined. Switch to the dough hook and knead the dough on low speed until it is smooth and elastic, about 6 minutes. You could also do all of this by hand. Form the dough into a ball and transfer it to a buttered bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside to double, about 1 hour. Butter a 12cup nonstick muffin tin the cups and the top really well.nOn a very lightly floured surface, roll the dough out to about a 12by15inch rectangle. Toss the blueberries with the cornstarch. Sprinkle the dough with the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar, then sprinkle with the blueberry mixture. Roll the dough up into a tight coil, then cut into 12 equal pieces. Set a piece of dough cutside up into each cup in the muffin tin. Cover with plastic wrap and transfer to the fridge overnight.nAbout 3 hours before you want to eat, take the buns out of the refrigerator. Let stand until doubled in size, 2 to 2 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake the buns until golden brown and set, 20 to 24 minutes. Transfer the muffin tin to a rack to cool for about 10 minutes, then use a small offset spatula to loosen and lift the buns out of the tin. Serve warm sprinkled with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [23 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for the bowl and the tin, 1 large egg, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting the work surface, 1 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 7 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 12 cups frozen wild blueberries, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, Confectioners sugar, for sprinkling], title: Overnight Blueberry Buns, picturelink: QUj7O7kLlVLf7pzImszrhUFX.1zzga}, 24082: {instructions: For the court bouillon: Place all ingredients in a large pot. Bring to a boil and then reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes.nFor the marinade: Mix all ingredients together in a large nonreactive baking dish or large shallow bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nFor the shellfish: Add salt, to taste, to the simmering court bouillon. Add the shrimp, crayfish, and scallops to the court bouillon and cook all together for 3 minutes. Remove fish from court bouillon and cool before peeling. Transfer to marinade.nAdd lobster to simmering court bouillon and cook for 5 minutes. Remove meat from shell, cut into about 12 chunks, and add to marinade.nAdd mussels to simmering court bouillon and cook until they have opened. Discard any mussels that did not open. Remove meat from shell on all but 6 mussels and add to marinade save 6 whole mussels for garnish.nAdd conch to simmering court bouillon and cook for 30 seconds. Transfer to marinade and toss gently to evenly combine all the seafood.nFill a 2inch round mold with seafood cocktail mixture. Transfer to a coconut shell for serving. Repeat to make 6 servings. Pour extra marinade over top and garnish each with 1 reserved mussel in shell, shaved fresh coconut, and cilantro., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 medium onion, peeled and sliced, 3 celery stalks, chopped, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh parsley, 1 bay leaf, 1 serrano pepper, 2 allspice berries, 4 black peppercorns, 1 14ounce can coconut milk can use fresh coconut milk, if desired, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 1 poblano pepper, cut into brunoise, 2 serrano peppers, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 red onion, julienned, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon peeled and minced fresh ginger, 14 cup chopped scallions, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper, 16 to 20 shrimp, shell on, 24 crayfish, 8 scallops, 1 8ounce lobster tail, 24 mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 1 conch, meat cut into small dice, 3 whole coconuts, shells cut in half and milk drained, for serving, Shaved fresh coconut, for garnish, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Coconut Shellfish Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 24083: {instructions: Divide salt evenly among 2 9 by 13inch metal pans divide salt evenly. Heat your oven to 400 degrees F and put the pans of salt into the oven to heat. When the oven reaches 400 degrees F, allow the salt to continue heating for another 15 minutes. After 15 minutes have passed, put the shrimp on top of the salt in 1 of the pans. Then cover with all of the salt in the second pan. The shrimp should be evenly and completely covered. Roast for 8 minutes. Remove from oven and check 1 shrimp for doneness. The shrimp should be opaque and white and pink in color. If not done, return to oven for 1 to 2 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 pounds rock salt, 1 pound jumbo shrimp 20 to 24 shrimp per pound, with heads on], title: Salt Roasted Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 24084: {instructions: Heat 12 of oil over high heat. Saute onions, bell peppers, salt, white pepper and about 15 turns of fresh ground black pepper for about a minute. Add green onions, garlic, Cajun choice seasoning and cook for another minute. Remove and put in bowl. Cool mixture for a few minutes. Stir in 2 eggs, Dijon mustard, 14 cup of bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese. Then add crab meat depending on size of crabcake. Gently mix the mixture and form into crab cakes. First dip both sides in flour, then in eggwater egg and 14 cup water whisked together. Cover in bread crumbs and fry about 2 minutes on each side over medium heat.nFor the Sauce for the Crab Cakes: Combine everything in a pan except egg, oil, and black pepper over high heat bring to a boil for about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool for 15 minutes. Put in blender and add egg. While blending add oil and black pepper about 10 turns. Serve immediately.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [6 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup chopped onions, 13 cup chopped green bell peppers, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, Fresh ground black pepper, 1 cup green onions, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon Cajun choice seasoning, 3 eggs, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 12 cups bread crumbs, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 pound real or imitation crab meat, 23 cups flour, 14 cup water, 12 cup seeded, chopped tomatoes, 2 teaspoons minced shallots, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 12 cup chicken stock can, 1 large egg, 12 cup olive oil, Black pepper], title: Tailgate Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 24085: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the jam and the extract.nBubbles and Jam: Place 1 teaspoon of the jam mixture in a champagne flute and top with prosecco. Stir gently to combine.nVodka and Jam Cocktail: Place 1 teaspoon of the jam mixture in a rocks glass and top with 1 12 ounces vodka. Fill the glass with ice, then top off with club soda. Stir gently to combine.nBubbles and Jam Mocktail: Combine 2 teaspoons of the jam mixture in a highball glass with club soda and ice. Stir gently.nCooks Note: Present the jam in a pretty bowl with a teaspoon and place all the bottles in an ice bucket for guests to mix their own alcoholic or nonalcoholic beverages. Place a menu on the table with all of the options available as refreshments., ingredients: [1 cup seedless raspberry jam, 14 teaspoon lavender extract or 4 drops lavender bitters, 1 bottle prosecco, 1 bottle vodka, 1 bottle club soda], title: Jam Cocktails, picturelink: zOoBDG25ohQq7jQ757vqyavoGqHo6}, 24086: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Coat a roasting pan with cooking spray.nCook bacon in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until crisp. Remove from pan, reserving fat in pan, and crumble into small pieces. To the same pan, add squash and onion and cook 3 minutes, until onion is soft. Remove from heat, add to a large bowl with the crumbled bacon, bread crumbs, 12 cup of the blue cheese, 2 tablespoons of the sage, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon black pepper. Mix well.nButterfly pork on a flat surface and spread stuffing evenly over meat. Roll up pork and tie with kitchen twine at 2inch intervals. Season pork all over with salt and black pepper and transfer to prepared pan. Roast 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F and bake 45 more minutes, until an instantread thermometer registers 160 degrees F for mediumwell. Let pork rest 10 minutes before cutting crosswise into 1inch thick slices.nIn a small saucepan, whisk together chicken broth, sherry and cornstarch. Set pan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Add remaining 2 tablespoons blue cheese and tablespoon of sage and simmer 1 minute, until sauce thickens. Remove from heat and season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Serve 12 of the pork with all of the sauce spooned over top. Reserve remaining pork for quesadillas., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 slices bacon, 2 cups diced butternut squash, 12 cup diced onion, 12 cup seasoned dry bread crumbs, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons crumbed blue cheese, divided, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped sage leaves, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4pound boneless pork loin, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, divided, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 tablespoon cornstarch], title: Stuffed Pork Loin with Butternut Squash and Blue Cheese, picturelink: cyHLJPzI2JBv.ONnbJONrLZG9LnySBe}, 24087: {instructions: Use peppers as a filling in an omelet or as a topping for an egg fritatta. Use peppers to mix into tomato sauce to spread over pita bread for instant individual pizza. sauce. Top the mixture with cheese mozzarella or goats and bake at 400 for 5 minutes or until peppers and tomato is hot and cheese has melted.nUse peppers to liven up a tuna fish salad served over lettuce., ingredients: [], title: Second Time Around Peppers, picturelink: null}, 24088: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a jelly roll pan line with parchment or waxed paper and grease paper.nStir together the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter, 2 eggs, and the vanilla to the dry ingredients and beat with an electric mixer on high speed until fluffy. Separate the remaining 2 eggs. Place the whites in a small bowl and beat the yolks into the batter.nWith clean beaters, beat the egg whites at high speed until they are stiff fold beaten whites into the batter just until no white streaks remain.nSpread batter into the prepared pan and bake until the center springs back when lightly pressed, about 15 minutes.nSift confectioners sugar over a linen towel that has been spread out on a work surface invert cake onto towel. Quickly, remove parchment, trim off crisp cake edges, spread cake with jam, and roll up using towel as an aid. Tightly roll cake in towel and set aside, open side down, until completely cool, about 30 minutes. Transfer to serving plate and slice crosswise., ingredients: [1 cup sifted cake flour sift before measuring, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup softened butter or vegetable shortening or a mixture, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 cup seedless red raspberry or apricot jam], title: Jelly Roll, picturelink: xE0qdBsqaZS7RP7DPurDJSytI1XDgl2}, 24089: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, mix the flour and salt together. Whisk in the milk, cream, butter and egg until smooth. Cover the bowl and refrigerate, about 1 hour.nAdd a pat of butter to a 10inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 ounces of the batter and swirl around to coat the skillet in an even thin layer. Cook until light golden brown, about 1 minute. Flip the crepe with a fish spatula or thin turner and cook, 15 to 45 seconds. Transfer the crepe to a plate and repeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter if needed.nSpread each crepe with a generous helping of chocolate spread, slices from half a banana and a handful of potato straws. Roll up, closing off both ends and cut on a bias. Serve dusted with powdered sugar., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup whole milk, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, plus more for cooking, 1 egg, 12 cup chocolate hazelnut spread, such as Nutella, 4 bananas, sliced into 12inchthick rounds, 1 can storebought potato straws, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Banana, Chocolate Hazelnut and Potato Straw Crepe, picturelink: I6dweZxiqTEHBh9GToYIpmASZXBJK.}, 24090: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat the olive oil over moderate heat until hot. Add the garlic and cook it, stirring, until pale golden. Add the broccoli, salt, and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and simmer for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the pasta. Drain the pasta and transfer it to the saucepan. Toss with sauce to combine. Serve with the cheese., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 to 3 cups broccoli florets, or to taste, Salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste, 1 12 cups canned chicken broth, 1 pound cavatelli, cooked according to package directions, Freshly grated Locatelli pecorino Romano], title: Cavatelli with Sauteed Broccoli and Garlic, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 24091: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pita chips: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the oil, chili powder and lime zest if using. Brush the mixture on both sides of the bread halves using a pastry brush. Sprinkle the breads with the salt and pepper. Cut each bread half into 8 wedges and place in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake until crisp and golden, 15 to 18 minutes.nFor the hummus: Combine the beans, avocado, arugula, parsley, lemon juice, garlic, salt and pepper in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until the mixture is coarsely chopped. Gradually add the olive oil until the mixture is creamy. Season with salt and pepper.nSpoon the hummus into a serving bowl and serve the pita chips alongside., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon chili or dried chipotle powder, Zest of 2 large limes, optional, 2 whole wheat or plain pita breads, split in half horizontally, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, One 15ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, 1 large or 2 small avocados, seeded, peeled and coarsely chopped, 12 packed cup arugula, 13 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Avocado Hummus with Crispy Pita Chips, picturelink: vJUAYTyN.ja5ETOSKDGbAYaIpgvG8XG}, 24092: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium sized bowl, using a wooden spoon, combine sugar, flour and salt make a well in the center. Stir to combine vanilla seeds and butter. Add vanilla, butter, egg whites, and cream, mix until smooth. Cover and chill for at least 2 hours or overnight. Using the large hole of a box grater, grate chocolate. Gently fold half into batter, reserve remaining chocolate in a small bowl.nUsing a plastic lid, make a template by cutting a 4 12inch circle. Using a small offset spatula, spread approximately 2 teaspoons of batter evenly to fill circle on a silpat or parchment paper. Repeat process, making 3 more circles, transfer silpat to baking sheet.nBake for 2 12 minutes, rotate pan and continue baking for 2 12 minutes or until golden brown. Working quickly, use a spatula to remove cookies, one by one from silpat and roll around the handle of a wooden spoon, cool on wire rack. If cookies harden before rolling, simply return tray to the oven for 30 seconds or until pliable.nUsing a pastry bag, fitting with a 38inch plain round pastry tip, fill with coffee flavored whipped cream. Gently pipe cream into 1 end of the cigar until cookie is full. Dip each end in remaining chocolate and serve immediately. Unfilled cookies can be stored in an airtight container up to 3 days.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, combine coffee liqueur and espresso powder, stir to dissolve. Add cream and confectioners sugar, whisk on medium speed until soft peaks form. Refrigerate until ready to use. Follow piping instructions for Mocha Cigars.nYield: 4 12 cups, ingredients: [2 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 6 large egg whites, room temperature, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, Coffee Cream, recipe follows, 14 cup coffee flavored liqueur, 1 12 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar], title: Mocha Cigar Cookies, picturelink: null}, 24093: {instructions: To make the sauce, whisk all the ingredients together in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [1 cup plain yogurt, preferably wholemilk, 14 cup finely diced, seeded cucumber, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: CilantroCucumber Tzatzki Sauce for Red Hot ChileRubbed Pork Skewers, picturelink: null}, 24094: {instructions: Thinly slice a baguette arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Brush with softened butter and sprinkle with salt and sugar. Bake at 425 degrees F until lightly golden, about 7 minutes. Let cool slightly.nSegment a blood orange over a bowl reserve the juice. Toss the segments with 1 tablespoon superfine sugar. Simmer the juice and 1 tablespoon superfine sugar in a saucepan until syrupy. Spread whipped cream on the toast rounds top with an orange segment and shaved chocolate. Drizzle with the orange syrup.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [], title: OrangeCream Bruschetta, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 24095: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nOver a hot grill, toast the jalapeno until lightly blistered on the outside and fragrant. Slice into 14inchthick wheels.nIn a cocktail shaker, add 2 slices roasted jalapeno, ice and the Homemade Sour Mix. Muddle, then add the tequila and the juice of 1 lime wedge. Shake. Rim a margarita glass with the wedge of a lime and salt, if using. Serve over ice. Garnish with a lime wheel.nCombine the sugar and 1 12 cups water in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and cool. Add the lemon and lime juice. Chill until ready to use., ingredients: [1 jalapeno, Ice, 3 ounces Homemade Sour Mix, recipe follows, 2 ounces tequila reposado, 1 lime, cut into wedges and wheels, Salt, for the rim if desired, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 cup fresh lime juice], title: Roasted Jalapeno Margarita, picturelink: uag6NSZMxVJgunsfznvOQGcrDh.Nta}, 24096: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 6inch wooden skewersnIn a small saute pan heat 14 cup olive oil over medium heat, add the garlic and fry until golden brown, add the chopped capers, and the parsley to the pan, mix well and remove to a small bowl to cool. Stir in 12 cup olive oil.nLay out the veal pieces and cut in half lengthwise to achieve 8 strips. Lay veal strips down flat in a nonreactive baking dish and spoon the cooled caper garlic mix over the top. Let marinate for 20 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the tonatto sauce:nIn a blender combine all ingredients and blend on high speed until smooth and well emulsified, check for seasoning and transfer to a small serving bowl.nRoll the marinated veal from end to end and skewer each roll on the end of the wooden skewers. Heat a grill pan over high heat, and add 1 tablespoon olive oil, heat until hot but not smoking. Add the veal skewers to the pan and cook on high for about 3 minutes on each side. Remove to a serving dish. Lower the heat on the grill pan to medium and add the red wine, reduce by half and spoon over the cooked veal skewers. Serve alongside the tonatto sauce to dip veal skewers., ingredients: [34 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons capers, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 4 3ounce veal scallopini, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup red wine, 1 200gram can oil packed tuna, drained of oil, 2 teaspoon capers, 1 tablespoon caper brine, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons chopped parsley leaves, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Vitello Tonatto Fondue, picturelink: hfhwxd.pf4FlyNcU8ttt5E6jXQjZBTG}, 24097: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the baguette into 13inch rounds. Lightly toast in the oven, about 10 minutes. Cool and rub with cut end of garlic clove.nBrush with olive oil. Lightly toast again until oil sizzles. Spread cheese on crostini and heat in oven until cheese bubbles. Remove from oven. Spread with tapenade and sprinkle with a few thyme leaves.nServe immediately, ingredients: [Dayold sourdough baguette, 1 garlic clove, peeled and halved, 14 cup olive oil, 12 pound aged Asiago, thinly sliced, 12 cup Olive Tapenade, store bought, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon thyme leaves], title: Tapenade and Asiago Crostini, picturelink: null}, 24098: {instructions: Combine the pomegranate juice and rosemary sprig in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer until reduced by threequarters and syrupy, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the maple syrup strain.nServe warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup pomegranate juice, 1 small sprig fresh rosemary, 12 cup maple syrup], title: Pomegranate Maple Syrup, picturelink: 36BQofC5Y6GzR0iHMA4U7NgLPOI7k2}, 24099: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nArrange the bread cubes on a baking sheet and lightly toast in the oven, about 10 minutes. Let cool.nIncrease the oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove the cores from the top of the tomatoes and cut the top off the tomato 14 of the way down. Reserve the tops. Slice enough of the bottom off each tomato, so it stands up, but dont cut through to the seed. If you cut too deep, patch the hole with the piece you have just sliced off, by placing it in the bottom after youve hollowed it out.nUsing a melon baller, carefully scoop the inside of the tomatoes out, taking care not to penetrate the sides and create holes. Collect the balls of pulp and chop coarsely. Press the juice and seeds through a strainer. Add the strained juice to the chopped pulp.nIn a bowl, mix together the tomato pulp, Parmesan, olives, olive oil, parsley, basil, oregano, and garlic. Toss with the bread cubes and season with salt and pepper. Let the mixture sit until the bread cubes have soaked up most of the moisture.nSeason the interior of each tomato with salt and black pepper. Stuff each tomato with 1 bread cube and as much as herb olive mixture that you can pack in. Top with the reserved tomato tops and stick a toothpick through the center of the top to keep it from sliding off while it bakes. Place the stuffed tomatoes in a roasting pan that has been drizzled with olive oil. Drizzle the tops of tomatoes with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast until bubbling and tender, about 30 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [8 1 by 1inch bread cubes, 8 mediumsmall ripe red or yellow tomatoes, 12 cup grated Parmesan about 2 ounces, 12 cup pitted, sliced kalamata or nicoise olives, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons julienned fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 large garlic clove, minced, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Provencal Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 24100: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a food processor, whip the mascarpone cheese and confectioners sugar until smooth and creamy. Add espresso, process until mixture is creamy and spreadable. Add a bit more espresso if mixture is too stiff.nSpread the tiramisu filling over baked pizza shell. Create a dappled effect by first dusting the cheese liberally with cocoa powder, followed by a very light dusting.nPlace on a baking sheet in the oven just until slightly warmed., ingredients: [12 ounces mascarpone cheese, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup brewed espresso, cooled, plus more as needed, 1 prebaked pizza shell, Unsweetened cocoa powder, for dusting], title: Chocolate Tiramisu Pizza, picturelink: eKPGFsKK4CFFUEGxBTyDAbQUJNbqEfG}, 24101: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bell peppers and 18 teaspoon each salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until crisptender, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nHeat the remaining tablespoon oil in the same skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chile flakes and cook 10 seconds, and then add the broccoli, 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper and 14 cup water. Cover and cook until the water evaporates and the broccoli is lightly browned and crisptender, about 4 minutes.nToss in the peppers, peanuts and 18 teaspoon each salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 red or orange bell pepper, sliced 14 inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon red chile flakes, 1 pound broccoli florets, 2 tablespoons chopped roasted unsalted peanuts], title: Pepper and Peanut Broccoli StirFry, picturelink: p9yj4MvkE7lCTeRKBBcYn2D9I.QmPgu}, 24102: {instructions: In a large pot, combine the chicken stock, water, and 1 tablespoon salt, and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes.nWhile the pasta is cooking: Heat 14 cup of the oil, over mediumhigh heat, in a large Dutch oven. Add the onion, season with salt and pepper, and cook until soft, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute longer. Add the Marsala wine and grape tomatoes, and cook for 1 minute, scraping the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the clams and mussels to the pan. Cover the pan with a tightfitting lid and cook until all the shellfish have opened, about 5 to 8 minutes. Discard any unopened shellfish.nUsing tongs, remove the shellfish from the pan and reserve. Drain the pasta and transfer to a large serving bowl. Pour the shellfish cooking liquid over the fregola. Add the remaining olive oil and 14 cup of the parsley and toss. Place the reserved shellfish on top of the fregola and garnish with the remaining parsley., ingredients: [3 cups chicken stock, 3 cups water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 pound 3 14 cups fregola pasta, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 cup dry Marsala wine or dry sherry, 1 cup about 6 ounces grape or cherry tomatoes, 12 little neck clams, cleaned, 12 mussels, cleaned, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Fregola with Clams and Mussels, picturelink: ELPzgNyLZThHibUHoRZpZuH00Cl.oCC}, 24103: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCompletely cover a baking sheet with salted soda crackers.nIn a saucepan, melt the butter and sugar. Pour melted mixture over the salted soda crackers, try to cover all of them. Bake crackers in 350 degree F. oven for exactly 10 minutes. Remove from oven after 10 minutes and pour chocolate chips over the crackers immediately. Let sit about 5 minutes, until chips have softened. Spread the softened chips completely over the crackers and sprinkle with whatever topping you like. Place in refrigerator until cool. Break into pieces and enjoy., ingredients: [Salted soda crackers, 1 stick butter, 12 cup sugar, 1 package minichocolate chips, Slivered almonds, chopped pecans, minicandy coated chocolates or whatever else you want to use as topping], title: Chocolate Salted Soda Crackers, picturelink: null}, 24104: {instructions: Special equipment: a mandoline, a piping bag with a star tipnIn a stand mixer or with an electric hand mixer, beat together the cream cheese, ranch seasoning and 1 cup of the mayonnaise until easily spreadable. Put onethird of the mixture into a piping bag with a star tip.nWith a serrated knife, trim the sides of the boule until it is an even cylinder. Cut the cylinder across the radius into four 1inch slices. Choose a serving platter and place a slice of bread in the center for the bottom layer. Position 4 squares of parchment underneath the bread to keep the serving platter clean once you begin icing.nSpread 1 tablespoon of the mustard onto the top of the bread. Top with the Cheddar, then the ham and turkey. Add half of the lettuce on top of the turkey. Spread the remaining 1 tablespoon mustard on one side of another slice of bread, then place it mustardside down on top of the lettuce.nSpread the top of the bread with 2 tablespoons mayonnaise. Top with the bacon, tomato and remaining shredded lettuce. Spread the remaining 2 tablespoons mayonnaise on a third slice of bread, then place it mayonnaiseside down on top of the lettuce. Next, cover the top of the bread with the potato chips in a single layer. Top the potato chips with the chicken salad and then the last slice of bread.nWith a knife or offset spatula, spread the cream cheese mixture along the top and sides of the cake evenly. Pipe rows of stars onto the top and bottom edge of the cake.nDecorate the cake using radish and cucumber slices in a ring around the top and bottom of the cake. Shape the remaining radish and cucumber slices into roses and press into the top of the cake.nServe chilled or at room temperature. Can be made ahead and refrigerated for 1 to 2 hours., ingredients: [Three 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 packet ranch seasoning, 1 14 cups mayonnaise, 1 large country white boule, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 thin slices Cheddar, 4 ounces thinly sliced deli ham, 4 ounces thinly sliced deli turkey, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 4 strips cooked bacon, 1 medium tomato, sliced, 1 cup potato chips, 12 cup prepared chicken salad, 1 bunch radishes, very thinly sliced on a mandoline, 1 cucumber, very thinly sliced on a mandoline], title: Sandwich Cake, picturelink: rKbf13lEY14ck13rgBcp.ieS44DX0G.}, 24105: {instructions: Preheat a large griddle pan or 14inch skillet over high heat.nCombine hot pepper sauce, ketchup, lemon zest and juice, celery and parsley in a small bowl. Add shrimp and coat evenly. Chill 20 minutes, then line 4 cocktail glasses or small dishes with leaf lettuce and top each with 14 of chilled shrimp.nPlace spinach in microwave to defrost. Place boxes on a dish to defrost the spinach because it will leek. While spinach defrosts, place cream cheese and onions in a medium sauce pot over low heat. While cream cheese is melting and spinach is defrosting, continue forward with meal prep then return to spinach. When the cream cheese melts, add Parmesan and black pepper to the cheese. Drain spinach in clean kitchen towel, wringing it out until dry. Stir spinach into sauce, season with a pinch of salt, to taste, if necessary and let the spinach sit over lowest heat possible 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.nDrizzle the steaks with oil and add to screaming hot pan. Cook 8 minutes on each side for medium doneness. After you flip the steak, baste it with Worcestershire sauce and season with salt and pepper. When you remove steak to cutting board or serving platter, baste opposite side and season it up. Let meat rest a few minutes before you cut into it to let the juices redistribute. Cut meat from bones and portion into 4 servings. Push toast down in toaster, butter it and cut from corner to corner.nFill a medium saucepan with 2 to 3 inches of vegetable oil and heat to mediumhigh heat. Arrange a paper towel lined plate on the counter to place the fritters on when they come out of the hot oil.nIn a bowl, make the batter by combining the allinone pancake mix with the water the batter will be on the thick side. Add the chopped green onions and season with the cayenne, salt, and pepper. When the oil is ready for frying, drop spoonfuls of the batter into the oil and fry on all sides until golden brown and puffy. This should take no more than 3 to 4 minutes. Remove and drain on the paper towel lined plate. Season with salt while they are still hot.nServe steaks on toast with green onion fritters and spinach alongside., ingredients: [14 cup hot pepper sauce, eyeball it recommended: Tabasco, 14 cup ketchup, 1 lemon zested and 12 lemon juiced, 2 ribs celery, from the heart, finely chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 1 pound small to medium peeled, deveined and cooked shrimp, tails removed, 4 pieces leaf lettuce, 3 boxes frozen spinach, defrosted, 2 3ounce bricks cream cheese, 12 small white onion, finely chopped, 23 cup grated Parmesan, 2 rounded handfuls, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 2 large Tbone steaks, about 3 pounds, 1 34inch thick each, Vegetable oil, for drizzling, 3 to 4 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper, 4 slices white toast, buttered and cut from corner to corner, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup allinone pancake mix, 12 cup water, 7 to 8 scallions, cleaned, dried and trimmed of roots, chopped, Pinch cayenne pepper, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Top Drawer Dinner, picturelink: null}, 24106: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPlace the beef on a baking sheet and pat the outside dry with a paper towel. Spread the butter on with your hands. Sprinkle evenly with the salt and pepper. Roast in the oven for exactly 22 minutes for rare and 25 minutes for mediumrare.nRemove the beef from the oven, cover it tightly with aluminum foil, and allow it to rest at room temperature for 20 minutes. Remove the strings and slice the filet thickly., ingredients: [1 whole filet of beef 4 to 5 pounds, trimmed and tied, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter at room temperature, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper], title: Filet of Beef, picturelink: 7YIZXZQuJ6bDaDEnqQMyhIu9CXvUe}, 24107: {instructions: In a blender, combine the ice cream and the bourbon. Blend on high speed until the desired consistency is reached the longer you blend, the thicker the milkshake. In a medium glass, drizzle the caramel in a spiral around the inside of the glass. To help distribute the caramel evenly turn the glass as you drizzle. Pour the milkshake into the glass, and stop when almost full. Top with the dollop of whipped cream and a sprinkle of toffee pieces., ingredients: [3 scoops vanilla ice cream, 1 ounce bourbon recommended: Makers Mark, 2 tablespoons caramel ice cream topping, 1 dollop whipped cream, 12 toffee bar, chopped for garnish recommended: Herseys Skor Bar], title: Grandmas Treat, picturelink: null}, 24108: {instructions: Scoop some vanilla ice cream into a glass add 1 ounce mezcal and 6 ounces orange soda.nSee all 50 Summer Drinks, ingredients: [], title: Smoky Creamsicle Float, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 24109: {instructions: Toss 2 bunches trimmed carrots and 2 sliced lemons on a rimmed baking sheet with olive oil, a few thyme sprigs and 1 teaspoon chopped thyme leaves season with salt and pepper. Roast at 425 degrees until the carrots are tender and the lemons are browned, 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [], title: LemonThyme Roasted Carrots, picturelink: ZxrKxCSEfOSCjWDvX5tMGF12mlBrMu}, 24110: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the avocados in half, remove the pits and scoop the flesh into a bowl using a spoon. With a potato masher or fork, lightly mash the avocados until mashed but still chunky. Add the lime juice, tomatillos and cayenne, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix gently. Cover with plastic and refrigerate until ready to serve.nLine a baking sheet with paper towels. Heat the canola oil to 350 degrees F in a large heavybottomed pot over medium heat. Working in batches, fry the wonton wrappers in the oil until brown and crispy, 2 to 3 minutes. With a slotted spoon or spider, remove the fried wontons to the paper towels to drain. Sprinkle with salt and let cool. Serve the wonton chips with the guacamole., ingredients: [5 ripe avocados, Juice of 1 lime, 2 tomatillos, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Salt and fresh ground pepper, 3 cups canola oil, for frying, 30 square wonton wrappers, cut in half on the diagonal], title: Guacamole with Crispy Chips, picturelink: tc41ifR1vxusqznCSYLd38moW4rEtG}, 24111: {instructions: Rub the roast all over with vodka. Rub in the salt and pepper. Cut small pockets in the fat and insert the bay leaves. Let roast sit at room temperature for 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace the beef in a roasting pan and roast 30 minutes. Reduce the heat to 325 degrees F and roast 12 to 15 more minutes per pound for rare to medium rare. When beef is cooked, let it sit in a warm place for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a saucepan caramelize shallots in 1 tablespoon of the butter and deglaze with Madeira in a saucepan over high heat until wine is reduced by half. Add stock and reduce again by half. Break butter into small pieces and whisk into sauce until completely smooth. Reduce heat to low, add Stilton and whisk until melted. Keep warm, but be careful not to overheat as sauce will separate.nCarve the beef, serve the warm sauce with the beef, along with fresh horseradish and watercress., ingredients: [1 5 to 7 pound beef rib roast, 12 cup vodka, 3 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 bay leaves, 8 shallots, finely minced, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup Madeira, 2 cups beef stock, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, 4 ounces Stilton, crumbled, Fresh horseradish, for garnish, Fresh watercress, for garnish], title: Standing Rib Roast with Madeira and Stilton Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24112: {instructions: To prepare salad dressing: Microwave lemon in a small bowl to release essential oils and set aside briefly until it has cooled off just enough to handle. One at a time through the feed tube of a running blender, add garlic clove, eggs, Worcestershire sauce, and anchovies. While the blender is still running, squeeze the lemon juice from the microwaved lemons through the feed opening, and add extravirgin olive oil in a thin stream.nTo make croutons: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. In a mixing bowl, toss bread cubes with olive oil, sprinkle with garlic powder, salt and pepper, and toss again to coat thoroughly. Place bread cubes on a baking sheet and toast for a few minutes. Remove from oven and let cool.nRemove large spines from the lettuce leaves and tear tender portions of leaves into bite sized pieces. In a mixing bowl, toss dressing over romaine lettuce. Transfer to serving dishes and sprinkle with croutons., ingredients: [2 fresh lemons, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and quartered, 2 pasteurized eggs these are identified in stores as pasteurized and although not cooked have been sufficiently heated for food safety, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 4 boneless anchovies, optional, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 baguette loaf or 1 epee a small loaf of French bread, cut into cubes, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large head romaine lettuce, soaked in salt water to remove grit and dried in a salad spinner], title: Retro Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 24113: {instructions: Prepare salsa by combining tomatoes, tomatillos, garlic, mint, parsley, and fennel. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Slice tomatillos in half, lengthwise and remove stem end and core. Scoop out and discard the seeds, leaving as much pulp as possible. Place tomatillos, cut side up on baking sheet. Combine garlic and oil and spoon over the tomatoes, then season with salt and pepper. Roast for about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven to let cool. Cut tomatillos in halves.nWhile the tomatillos are roasting, remove casings from chorizo and brown in a fry pan over medium heat.nWhile the meat is browning, heat the canola oil in a deepfryer to 375 degrees F. Lay the tortillas out on a utility platter.nRemove the browned sausage meat from heat, drain any extra fat from the pan, then add brie and let the cheese melt into the meat. Stir in the roasted tomatillos, yogurt and green onions.nSpoon the meatcheese mixture evenly into each of the tortillas. Roll them closed and secure with toothpicks. Deepfry until golden brown and drain on paper toweling. Remove toothpicks before serving. Serve with tomatillo mint salsa., ingredients: [2 large ripe tomatoes, small diced, 4 tomatillos, small diced, 2 garlic cloves, pounded with the side of a knife blade to release oils, then finely minced, 1 handful fresh mint, about 2 ounces, rinsed and stripped from stems, roughly chopped, 1 handful fresh parsley, about 2 ounces, rinsed and stripped from stems, roughly chopped, 4 stalks fennel, small diced, Salt and pepper, 12 tomatillos, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup olive oil, 12 chorizo sausages 1 to 112 pounds, 1 liter canola oil, 12 corn tortillas for taquitos or use flour tortillas for flautas, 3 ounces brie cheese, white casing removed, 6 ounces plain yogurt, 6 scallions green onions, white and tender green parts only, sliced], title: Chorizo Cheese Taquito with Tomatillo Mint Salsa, picturelink: m9qk9iwHAztWlHCnNe4k7Yvp8y4S18.}, 24114: {instructions: Place pine nuts in a small skillet and toast over medium heat. Cool nuts and add to food processor. Add olives, garlic, parsley, lemon zest and juice, and cheese and process until finely chopped. Turn processor on and stream in extravirgin olive oil. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and place in a small dish. Surround with shrimp and celery sticks and serve., ingredients: [3 ounces 14 cup pine nuts, 34 cup jumbo green olives with pimientos, about 16 large olives, 1 clove garlic, slightly crushed and peeled, 1 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, about 3 generous handfuls, 1 lemon, zested and juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, a couple of handfuls, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and pepper, 1 pound 24count cooked shrimp, 12 pound store bought celery sticks], title: OliveParsley Pesto Spread with Shrimp and Celery, picturelink: null}, 24115: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd 2 tablespoons of the butter to a skillet and melt over mediumhigh heat. Add the apples and saute for 5 minutes. Remove to a plate and set aside.nIn the same skillet over medium heat, add the brown sugar and the remaining stick of butter. Stir it around until the butter melts and the sugar dissolves, then pour in the cream. Stir it around and let it bubble up and thicken for about a minute. Turn the heat to low and add the apples back to the skillet. Sprinkle in the cinnamon, stir the mixture and let it thicken for another 1 to 2 minutes.nSpoon big scoops of vanilla ice cream into sundae glasses and drizzle over the caramel apple sauce., ingredients: [1 stick plus 2 tablespoons salted butter, 4 Granny Smith apples, finely diced, 1 cup lightly packed brown sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Caramel Apple Sundae, picturelink: D2uMCJ89NrSxxQV4MaYT3RlLN0EqYG}, 24116: {instructions: All the ingredients should be at room temperature. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cream the butter for 5 minutes in a large mixing bowl. Add sugar to the mixture and beat another 5 to 7 minutes. Add eggs and beat until blended. Add the orange juice and the vanilla extract.nIn a large bowl combine the baking powder and baking soda with about 1 cup of flour and stir in the egg mixture slowly. Add the remaining cups of flour gradually. The dough is ready when it leaves the sides of your mixing bowl completely. The dough is soft and pliable.nUsing a Swedish meatball scoop, begin cutting balls out of the dough. Roll out the dough balls in long rope like portions, fold over in half and twist. Place the cookies on a greased baking pan.nBeat the 2 eggs in a small bowl to make the glaze. Brush the cookies on the pan with the glaze and bake in the oven for 25 minutes until golden brown., ingredients: [34 pound butter, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 eggs, plus 2 eggs, for glaze on top, 2 tablespoons orange juice with no pulp, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 5 14 cups flour], title: Irenes Sweet Koulourakia, picturelink: null}, 24117: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of water in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and cook until softened, adding more water as needed, about 5 minutes. Add the potatoes and apple and stir in the broth. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer until potatoes are very soft, about 45 minutes.nPuree the potatoapplebroth mixture in a blender, then stir in the chopped candy and blend. Return the mixture back to the saucepan. Add the milk, sherry, nutmeg, and cinnamon. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nLadle the soup into bowls and garnish with whipped cream and a sprinkle of cinnamon. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 to 4 tablespoons water, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 4 small sweet potatoes about 2 pounds, peeled, halved lengthwise and cut across into 14inch slices, 1 apple, peeled, cored, and chopped, 2 12 cups fatfree, reducedsodium chicken broth, 12 coconut candy bar recommended: Mounds, finely chopped, 2 cups evaporated skim milk, 14 cup sherry, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, plus more for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 can fat free whipped cream, recommended: fat free Reddiwhip for garnish], title: Janettes SometimesYouFeelLikeaNutSometimesYouDont Sweet Potato Soup, picturelink: null}, 24118: {instructions: Place the bulgur in a large bowl and cover with boiling water, let stand 15 minutes and drain. Brush the onion slices on both sides with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill on both sides until almost cooked through, remove and coarsely chop. Place the bulgur in a large bowl, add the remaining ingredients and mix to combine. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound bulgur, 1 large red onion, sliced into 14inch slices, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 plum tomatoes, diced, 1 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons finely chopped mint, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Cracked Wheat Salad with Grilled Red Onion, picturelink: null}, 24119: {instructions: For the sauce: Combine the oil, parsley, almonds, paprika, salt, pepper, tomatoes, red peppers and garlic in a food processor and pulse until smooth. Taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary.nFor the eggs: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the bread on a baking sheet. Brush the bread with 14 cup of the olive oil. Toast in the oven until toasted and lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes.nHeat the remaining 1 12 cups olive oil in a large nonstick saute pan set over medium heat. Crack 4 of the eggs into the pan making sure each egg has enough room for the white to spread out. Fry the eggs and, using a spoon, carefully baste them with the olive oil to cook the tops. Cook until the edges of the whites start to get golden brown and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with the remaining 4 eggs.nLay 2 pieces of toast on a plate and top each with a fried egg. Season the eggs with a sprinkle of salt and pepper and finish with a heaping spoonful of the Spanish pantry sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons whole almonds, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, 6 jarred sundried tomatoes packed in oil, 3 jarred roasted red peppers, 1 clove garlic, 8 1 12inchthick slices crusty Italian bread, 1 34 cups olive oil, 8 eggs, Kosher salt and fresh ground pepper], title: Olive Oil Fried Eggs with Spanish Pantry Sauce, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 24120: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan, combine the rice, white sugar, almond milk, rice milk, cinnamon stick and nutmeg. Split the vanilla bean, scrape the seeds from the pod and add both to the milk mixture. Put the saucepan over low heat and simmer the rice until it turns very soft and achieves a thick, puddinglike consistency, about 30 to 40 minutes. Be careful not to bring the rice to a full boil. Remove the cinnamon stick and vanilla bean pod. Divide the mixture between 8 7ounce ramekins and chill until cool.nSprinkle some of the turbinado sugar over the top of each ramekin. Using a blowtorch, caramelize the pudding tops until they are golden brown. If you do not have a blowtorch, arrange the ramekins on a sheet pan and put under a broiler until the sugar has caramelized, about 1 to 2 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup Arborio rice, rinsed, 12 cup white sugar, 2 12 cups almond milk, 2 12 cups rice milk, 1 cinnamon stick, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 1 vanilla bean, 14 cup turbinado sugar recommended: Sugar in the Raw], title: Horchata Rice Pudding, picturelink: k.pg9XKZ0jWwnDeYnHm9IY.uqI.23PG}, 24121: {instructions: Special equipment: CheeseclothnFor the pancakes: Combine 4 cups cold water and 1 tablespoon kosher salt in a large bowl and stir until the salt dissolves. Stir in the sweet potato and let sit for 15 minutes. Drain, then dump onto a large piece of cheesecloth and wring out as much water as possible.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Whisk together the eggs, onion and some pepper in a large bowl. Add the sweet potato and flour, and mix until combined. Fold in the green onions.nHeat a few tablespoons each of butter and oil until shimmering in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Using a scant 14 cup per pancake, add the sweet potato mixture to the pan, leaving some space in between. Flatten slightly and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels, then transfer the pancakes to a baking sheet and place in the oven for 5 minutes to finish cooking.nFor the eggs: Fill a highsided skillet halfway with water and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat add the vinegar. Line a plate with paper towels. Break each egg into a little ramekin or cup.nOne at a time, slip the eggs into the water, leaving space between them adjust the heat to a bare simmer. Cook until the whites are set and the yolks still runny, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the eggs to paper towels to blot off the water.nTo serve: Put the pancakes on a serving platter. Top 4 of them with a smear of pepper jelly, a few slices of ham and a poached egg. Season with salt and pepper. Top with another pancake to make sandwiches see Cooks Note., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large sweet potato, peeled and coarsely grated, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 small Spanish onion, finely grated, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 green onions dark green and light green parts only, thinly sliced, Unsalted butter, for frying, Canola oil, for frying, 3 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 4 large eggs, 12 cup pepper jelly, 8 ounces glazed baked ham, thinly sliced], title: Sweet PotatoGreen Onion Pancakes with Poached Eggs, Holiday Ham and Pepper Jam, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 24122: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nPlace all chimichurri sauce ingredients in a blender or food processor and pulse until well chopped, but not pureed. Reserve.nDissolve cayenne pepper and salt in 1 cup hot water. Transfer to a squeeze container.nPlace the steak directly over a hot grill, baste with the chimichurri grilling sauce, and grill until the outer portion of the meat reaches the desired degree of doneness. Remove the steak from the grill and slice long strips from the outer edges of the steak. Instruct guests to pick up a steak slice from the cutting board with their fingers, place it on a slice of baguette, and enjoy. Return the remaining steak to the grill, baste, and grill until more of the steak is cooked. Remove and repeat the slicing and serving procedure until steak is consumed. For extra spicy steak, baste 2 or 3 additional times with the cayenne pepper mixture during grilling process. Spoon chimichurri sauce over steak. Also brilliant on any grilled fish or chickennRecommended beverage: Argentinian Malbec red, ingredients: [1 cup lightly packed chopped parsley ideally, flat leaf Italian parsley, 3 to 5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon chili pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves optional, 2 tablespoons shallot or onion, minced, 34 cup vegetable or olive oil, 3 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, or red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons salt, 2 12 pounds ribeye, New York strip, or sirloin steak, 1 12 inches thick, 2 baguettes, sliced into 14inchthick slices], title: Steak GauchoStyle with Argentinian Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24123: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Coat a 9by13inch baking dish with cooking spray.nMelt the chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water, stirring occasionally do not let the bottom of the bowl touch the water.nWhisk the flour, cocoa, salt and baking soda in a medium bowl. In a large bowl, whisk the eggs and brown sugar until smooth, then add the yogurt, oil and vanilla and whisk to combine. Whisk in the melted chocolate mixture until blended. Add the dry ingredients and mix until just moistened.nSpread the batter in the prepared pan and sprinkle with walnuts, if desired. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with a few moist crumbs. Cool completely in the pan on a rack before slicing.nPhotograph by Kate SearsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Coat a 9by13inch baking dish with cooking spray.nMelt the chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water, stirring occasionally do not let the bottom of the bowl touch the water.nWhisk the flour, cocoa, salt and baking soda in a medium bowl. In a large bowl, whisk the eggs and brown sugar until smooth, then add the yogurt, oil and vanilla and whisk to combine. Whisk in the melted chocolate mixture until blended. Add the dry ingredients and mix until just moistened.nSpread the batter in the prepared pan and sprinkle with walnuts, if desired. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with a few moist crumbs. Cool completely in the pan on a rack before slicing.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup wholegrain pastry flour or 12 cup each wholewheat and allpurpose flours, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 4 large eggs, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup plain lowfat yogurt, 14 cup canola oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 34 cup chopped walnuts optional, Nonstick cooking spray, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup wholegrain pastry flour or 12 cup each wholewheat and allpurpose flours, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 4 large eggs, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup plain lowfat yogurt, 14 cup canola oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 34 cup chopped walnuts optional], title: Ellie Kriegers DoubleChocolate Brownies, picturelink: 48MaUKZkGWK17inmi4zZpr1to8Jcebe}, 24124: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Line baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine first 3 ingredients using a food processor. Cut in butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. In a small bowl, beat the yolks with the vanilla extract and add to the flour mixture. Beat until completely blended. Pinch off pieces of dough and roll into balls. Place on the lined cookie sheet. Make indentation with thumb, fill the hole with preserves and press on a pecan half. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups unsifted flour, 1 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups unsalted butter, 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Raspberry preserves, Pecan halves], title: Little Gem Cookies, picturelink: null}, 24125: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the ice cubes:nStick 1 gummy worm in each cube, with half of the worm hanging out. Pour cranberry juice into the ice cube trays. Place in freezer 2 hours before mixing the punch.nFor the shrunken head straws:nPush a straw up through the center of 1 prune where the pit used to be, so it sits onethird of the way down the straw. Repeat with remaining prunes.nIn a small bowl melt the white chocolate chips in the microwave for 45 second at 15second intervals stirring between intervals. Take 12 cloves and dip the round ends into the melted chocolate. Place on a plate lined with waxed paper and allow chocolate to set about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile using a small brush or toothpick coat the top part of each prune with melted white chocolate. Carefully sprinkle the coconut on top of the white chocolate to resemble hair. Repeat with the remaining prunes.nStick 2 white chocolatecoated cloves into each prune to create 2 eyes. Place 1 undipped clove into each prune under the eyes to resemble a nose.nFor the punch:nPour the strawberry smoothies, the orange juice and the lemonlime soda into a large punch bowl and stir.nTake the gummy worm ice cubes out of the freezer, and add half of them to the punch. Place remaining cubes into glasses and fill each glass with punch using a ladle., ingredients: [2 packages gummy bear worms, 1 32ounce container cranberry juice, 6 plastic drinking straws, 6 pitted prunes, 18 whole cloves, 1 cup white chocolate chips, 14 cup sweetened flake coconut, 3 12ounce bottles strawberry smoothies, 2 quarts orange juice, 3 cans lemonlime soda], title: Spooky Punch, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 24126: {instructions: Drain the bean liquid and rinse. Heat a small saucepan with enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan, over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the beans, a dash of oregano if using and water to cover 2 inches above the beans. Bring to boil over high heat, reduce the heat to low, and cook partly covered, until tender. Keep water in reserve to replenish the cooking liquid as necessary so the beans are always covered by at least 1inch. The beans should be cooked until tender, about 1 hour. Drain excess liquid. Place the beans in a bowl and mash until pureed. Season with salt and black pepper and keep at room temperature.nTo assemble the plate: Heat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add enough oil to cover the bottom of the pan. Place the fritters in the hot oil and cook until golden brown on each side. Reduce to low flame and continue to cook until the fritter is hot throughout. Serve immediately, with a dollop of sour cream and cured red onions.nRinse the plantains with the skins on. Place the plantains in a sauce pan and cover with hot water. Place the saucepan over high heat and cook until the skins of the plantain start to open. Drain the liquid and lay the plantains to cool. Peel the plaintains while the plantains are still warm, mash in a bowl to form a dough. If the dough is too wet add bread crumbs until workable. Divide the dough into 8 balls. Using a clean flat surface, flatten the balls into round circles 1inch thick. Spoon 14 teaspoon of the black bean mixture in the center of the plantain. Fold the edges of the plantain over the center of the plantain to close the bean mixture inside. If you cant cover all the bean mix, take a piece of plantain mash and place over the beans, while forming into a 1inch thick round circle.nDrain the bean liquid and rinse. Heat a small saucepan with enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan, over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the beans, a dash of oregano if using and water to cover 2 inches above the beans. Bring to boil over high heat, reduce the heat to low, and cook partly covered, until tender. Keep water in reserve to replenish the cooking liquid as necessary so the beans are always covered by at least 1inch. The beans should be cooked until tender, about 1 hour. Drain excess liquid. Place the beans in a bowl and mash until pureed. Season with salt and black pepper and keep at room temperature.nTo assemble the plate: Heat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add enough oil to cover the bottom of the pan. Place the fritters in the hot oil and cook until golden brown on each side. Reduce to low flame and continue to cook until the fritter is hot throughout. Serve immediately, with a dollop of sour cream and cured red onions.nPlantain Dough: Rinse the plantains with the skins on. Place the plantains in a sauce pan and cover with hot water. Place the saucepan over high heat and cook until the skins of the plantain start to open. Drain the liquid and lay the plantains to cool. Peel the plaintains while the plantains are still warm, mash in a bowl to form a dough. If the dough is too wet add bread crumbs until workable. Divide the dough into 8 balls. Using a clean flat surface, flatten the balls into round circles 1inch thick. Spoon 14 teaspoon of the black bean mixture in the center of the plantain. Fold the edges of the plantain over the center of the plantain to close the bean mixture inside. If you cant cover all the bean mix, take a piece of plantain mash and place over the beans, while forming into a 1inch thick round circle.nCured Red Onions: Place the sliced red onions in a small shallow container. Pour the lime juice over the onions, and season with salt. Mix well to combine the flavors. Cover and let sit in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 days., ingredients: [14 cup diced onion, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 cup dried black beans, picked over and soaked overnight, Pinch dried oregano, optional, 3 black plantains, Bread Crumbs, 3 red onions, thinly sliced, 1 cup fresh lime juice], title: Plantain and Black Bean Fritters, picturelink: null}, 24127: {instructions: Combine the sugar and 1 cup water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to simmer and continue to cook until all the sugar dissolves, 3 to 4 minutes. Take the pan off the heat and add the mint leaves. Allow this mixture to steep for 10 to 15 minutes and cool down. Discard the mint.nFill a large pitcher with the sparkling water and clementine juice. Slowly add the cooled syrup to your desired sweetness and taste., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 2 quarts 8 cups sparkling water, Juice of 8 clementines], title: Clementine Crush, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 24128: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or in a large bowl, cream the peanut butter, butter and salt to combine. Gradually add the confectioners sugar and combine until smooth.nUse a small ice cream scoop or spoon to make thirtyfive 1 12inch portions, then use your hands to roll into balls and place on the prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate until firm, 10 to 15 minutes.nIn a heatproof bowl set over but not touching simmering water, melt the white melting wafers over medium heat. Once the peanut butter balls are firm, dunk them in the melted wafers to coat completely. Use a fork to lift from the bottom, let the excess coating drip off and set back on the prepared baking sheet. Place an eyeball in the center of the ball and repeat the process with the remaining balls.nLet sit until the white coating is set, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup creamy peanut butter, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Pinch salt, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 24 ounces white melting wafers, 2 cups eyeball candies], title: Bloodshot Buckeyes, picturelink: ZTvpzaeB1LSVcjObMsPrWLr3ijmxH3K}, 24129: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: Mix together the yogurt, adobo sauce, mustard and Worcestershire sauce in a small bowl. Set aside.nFor the burgers: In a bowl, combine the ground chuck, salt, black pepper and Worcestershire sauce. Form four patties and set aside.nHeat a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the patties until done in the middle, 4 to 6 minutes per side.nFor the toppings: Cut the base of each lettuce leaf on the head and carefully peel it away so that it stays as intact as possible.nTop the patties with avocado slices, tomato slices, red onion rings and chopped pickles, then drizzle with the sauce to taste. Use two or three lettuce leaves per patty and wrap them around the patty as tightly as you can. Slice in half and serve immediately, ingredients: [14 cup Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons adobo sauce from canned chipotles in adobo, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 2 pounds ground chuck, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 1 head iceberg, green leaf or butter lettuce, 2 avocados, sliced, 1 tomato, sliced, 14 red onion, thinly sliced into rings, 12 small sweet pickles, chopped], title: Low Carb Lettuce Burgers, picturelink: 1YohhbHnti.iJpz1RlBmzhz0RfcVOEm}, 24130: {instructions: Prepare a grill for indirect heat: For gas, preheat to medium high, then turn off the burners on one side and turn the other burners to medium low. For charcoal, once the coals ash over, push them to one side.nMix the olive oil, herbs, coriander, 1 teaspoon pepper and a handful of fennel fronds in a small bowl.nBrush the fennel wedges and broccoli with the herb oil and season with salt. Cook on the cooler side of the grill, turning once, until marked and tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove to a platter. Meanwhile, brush the oranges, tomatoes, mushrooms and radicchio with the herb oil and season with salt. Grill over direct heat, turning once, until marked and tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Add to the platter.nBrush the polenta and haloumi with the herb oil and grill over direct heat, turning once, until marked, 5 to 10 minutes. Add to the platter. Season with salt and drizzle with any remaining herb oil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs basil, mint andor parsley, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, Freshly ground pepper, 1 bulb fennel, fronds chopped and base cut into 8 wedges, 1 bunch broccoli, cut into florets with some stems attached, Kosher salt, 2 oranges, cut crosswise into thick slices, 2 large beefsteak tomatoes, halved crosswise, 4 portobello mushroom caps, 1 large head radicchio, quartered, 1 1pound tube prepared polenta, cut into 8 slices, 12 pound haloumi cheese, cut into 4 slices], title: Grilled Polenta and Veggies, picturelink: lbRQ.EH4BTrhVAE9.o6vtFa1deDjz6}, 24131: {instructions: Place the spinach, fennel, and grapefruit in a large salad bowl.nIn a small bowl, whisk together broth, shallots, parsley, oil, vinegar, and Dijon. Season with salt and pepper.nPour the vinaigrette over the salad just before serving., ingredients: [4 cups baby spinach leaves, 1 fennel bulb, trimmed of any stalks or fronds and thinly sliced, 1 cup grapefruit sections, 12 cup reducedsodium vegetable or chicken broth, 14 cup finely minced shallots, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baby Spinach, Fennel and Grapefruit Salad with Shallot Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 24132: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSalad: Using a sharp knife, remove the peel and white pith from the orange. Working over a small bowl, slice between the membranes to release the orange segments, letting the juice and segments fall into the bowl reserve the juice for the dressing. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the orange segments to a large bowl. Add the lobster, avocados, mango, and scallions.nDressing: In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil and lime juice. Whisk 2 tablespoons of the reserved orange juice into the dressing and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the dressing over the lobster mixture and toss gently to coat.nDivide the salad greens between 4 glasses or bowls. Spoon the lobster salad on top and serve., ingredients: [1 large orange, 2 cooked lobster tails, shelled and meat chopped into bitesized pieces, 12 firm but ripe avocado, pitted, peeled and flesh diced, 1 mango, peeled, pitted and diced, 2 finely chopped scallions, white and pale green parts only, 2 cups mixed baby greens salad mix, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large lime, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baja Lobster and Mango Salad, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 24133: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients and serve straight up in a snifter., ingredients: [4 ounces eggnog homemade or commercially prepared, 12 ounce white chocolate liqueur, 1 ounce Southern Comfort], title: White Christmas, picturelink: null}, 24134: {instructions: Put a large, heavybottomed skillet over high heat. While the pan is heating, season the steaks with salt and pepper on both sides.nAdd the oil, making sure there is enough to coat the bottom of the pan. Add the steaks and sear on 1 side for 2 minutes. Turn them over and sear on the other side for 3 minutes. This will cook the steaks to mediumrare.nLower the heat and add 3 tablespoons of the butter, the garlic, and thyme. Baste steaks with the melted butter on both sides for 1 more minute. Remove the steaks from the pan and let them rest for 2 minutes.nWhile the steaks are resting, remove the garlic and thyme from the pan and wipe out the excess butter. Add the remaining tablespoon of butter and let it brown over high heat. Add the shallots and cook for a few seconds. Add the spinach and saute, stirring vigorously, until it is wilted, about 1 minute.nPut a bed of spinach onto each of 4 plates, place a steak on top, and serve., ingredients: [4 8ounce grassfed sirloin steaks, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, or enough to coat the bottom of the pan, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 garlic cloves, crushed and left in skins, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 medium shallots, very finely chopped, 1 pound spinach, cleaned], title: GrassFed Sirloin Steak with Spinach, picturelink: 5s.FkDl7FROdisyvfwwnm1z4vPoYpW}, 24135: {instructions: With a sharp knife, remove the zest from the all the fruits, leaving the white pith. Freeze the zest for another use. Cut the fruit into quarters and gently squeeze the juice out of them into a bowl. Strain out the seeds and reserve the juice. Cut all the fruit into 34 inch lengthwise slices.nIn a large saucepan, combine the citrus strips with the salt and a generous amount of water. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce the heat so that the liquid is simmering. Cook for 25 minutes, then drain. Cover the fruit slices with fresh water and soak for 4 hours, changing the water every hour.nMeasure the reserved fruit juice and add enough extra juice to make the amount up to 4 quarts. In a large, non reactive stock pot, combine the water, fruit juice, sugar, and cinnamon sticks. Stir the mixture over low heat until the sugar has dissolved, then simmer until the liquid has reduced by just over half, to 2 quarts this will take 3 12 to 4 hours, and the liquid will be dark brown. Add the fruits to the mixture and continue simmering for about 1 hour, stirring occasionally, until the fruit has absorbed some of the syrup and are golden. Remove from the heat and allow to cool until just warmer than room temperature if allowed to go cold the mixture will get too thick. Spoon some of the fruit, with their syrup, into bowls and garnish with a scoop of fromage blanc and a drift of ground cinnamon., ingredients: [6 oranges, 3 limes, 2 grapefruit, 1 tablespoon salt, 3 quarts orange juice, or as needed, 1 12 quarts water, 3 cups sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, Fresh fromage blanc or farmers cheese, for serving, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, for garnish], title: Naranjas en Dulce, picturelink: null}, 24136: {instructions: For the sauce: Whisk the eggs in a large bowl. Fry the bacon in a large frying pan over medium heat until crisp and golden, and then remove and drain on a paper towel. Leave all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat in the pan and add the butter. Return the pan to the burner and cook the onions until slightly golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Lower the heat to mediumlow and add the halfandhalf and cheese. Simmer until the sauce has thickened slightly, about 5 minutes do not let boil. Let the sauce cool slightly, about 2 minutes. For the pasta: Boil the pasta in salted water until al dente. Slowly pour the cream sauce into the eggs while continuously whisking. Add the hot pasta and toss quickly. The hot pasta will complete the cooking of the eggs. Add the bacon and parsley and toss again. Season with salt and pepper and serve hot., ingredients: [3 eggs, 8 slices bacon, diced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 small yellow onion, finely diced, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 13 cup Pecorino Romano cheese, freshly grated, 1 pound gemelli or fusili pasta, 13 cup Parmigiano, freshly grated, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, minced, Sea salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Dirty Carbonara, picturelink: null}, 24137: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdjust the rack to the center of the oven. Butter 2 9inch round layercake pans. Line the bottoms with parchment paper. Butter the paper and dust all over lightly with flour. Set aside.nSift together the flour, baking powder, and salt and set aside. In large bowl of electric mixer, beat the butter to soften a bit. Add the vanilla and sugar and beat for a few minutes. Add the eggs and milk and beat until smooth. On the lowest speed, add the dry ingredients in 3 additions, scraping the bowl with a rubber spatula as necessary, and beating only until smooth after each addition. Remove from the mixer and stir in the orange rind.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans. Tilt and shake the pans gently to level the batter. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the cakes come away from the sides of the pans and tops spring back when lightly touched.nRemove from the oven. Let stand for about 5 minutes. Cover with racks or cookie sheets and invert. Remove pans and papers. Cover with racks and invert again to cool right side up.nWhen the layers have cooled completely, place 4 strips of waxed paper or baking parchment around a cake plate, and place 1 layer on the plate, upside down. Spread with a thin layer of smooth preserves, reserving some for the second layer.nSpread 13 of the icing on the bottom layer. Sprinkle with 13 of the coconut. Put on the second layer, right side up, so that the 2 cake bottoms meet in the middle. Spread the top with the remaining apricot preserves. Use another 13 of the icing to ice around the sides of the cake. Use the remaining 13 of the icing to ice the top of the cake. Quickly spread with a long, narrow metal spatula to smooth the top and sides.nWith the palm of your hand, press another 13 of the coconut onto the sides and sprinkle the remaining coconut evenly over the top. Remove the paper strips, pulling each 1 out by a narrow end.nMix all of the ingredients except for the vanilla and almond extracts in the top of a large double boiler it must have at least an 8 to 10cup capacity. Place over hot water on moderate heat. Beat with an electric mixer at high speed for 5 to 6 minutes, until the mixture stands in peaks when the beaters are lifted.nImmediately, in order to stop the cooking, transfer to a the large bowl of an electric mixer. Add the vanilla and almond extracts and beat at high speed for about 5 minutes more, scraping the sides and bottom of the bowl almost continuously with a rubber spatula, until the mixture is smooth and very thick. Use immediately., ingredients: [2 12 cups sifted cake flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 pound 1 stick butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 large orange, zest finely grated, A few spoonfuls melted, strained apricot preserves, Fluffy White Icing, recipe follows, 8 to 10 ounces 3 to 4 cups grated, toasted coconut, see note, 4 egg whites, 14 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons water, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon almond extract], title: Coconut Layer Cake, picturelink: null}, 24138: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the eggplant: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a small baking sheet or a 9by13inch glass or ceramic baking dish with vegetable oil cooking spray. Place the eggplant, cutside up, on the prepared baking sheet. Make 12inchdeep slits over the surface of the eggplant halves using a paring knife. Drizzle with the olive oil and bake until golden and tender, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes.nFor the filling: Scoop out 1 cup of flesh from the eggplant, using a spoon, and place in a food processor. Blend until the eggplant is smooth. Add the cheese, breadcrumbs, basil, egg, garlic and parsley. Pulse until the mixture is thick enough to form into balls, adding extra breadcrumbs as needed. Scoop 25 balls of the mixture, each about 2 tablespoons, onto a baking sheet using a small cookie scoop.nFor the sauce: Bring the marinara and red pepper flakes to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Keep warm over low heat until ready to serve.nFor assembly: Pour enough oil into a large heavybottomed saucepan to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat the oil over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted into the oil reaches 350 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer, a cube of bread will brown in about 4 minutes. In batches, fry the eggplant balls until golden, about 1 minute. Drain on paper towels.nServe the fried eggplant warm or cold with marinara sauce and the grated pecorino cheese., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, One 1pound eggplant, ends trimmed, halved lengthwise, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup grated pecorino cheese, 12 cup plain breadcrumbs, plus extra, as needed, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 cups jarred marinara or tomatobasil sauce, 34 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup grated pecorino cheese], title: Calabrese Fried Eggplant, picturelink: SWUptmKbZcg8hntyubrtdzUgxOMmQRO}, 24139: {instructions: Evenly divide the lychees cutside down among 4 parfait glasses.nAdd the gelatin powder to a large measuring cup. Add 12 cup of boiling water and stir until the powder is dissolved. Stir in the lychee syrup and vodka. Pour over the prepared glasses and refrigerate until gelatin sets, about 2 hours.nMeanwhile, whip the cream. In a large bowl add the heavy cream and whisk briskly until soft peaks form, then add the sugar and vanilla and continue to whisk until firm peaks form when the whisk is removed.nOnce the gelatin sets, top with whipped cream and a cherry for garnish., ingredients: [1 20ounce can lychees in syrup or 8 lychees in syrup, sliced in half, 13 cup syrup reserved, 1 3ounce box limeflavored gelatin recommended: JellO, 23 cup vanillaflavored vodka, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: Loopy Lime and Lychee Gelatin Parfait, picturelink: Z9dA.YztOqfN0yUdOgeYVrAB5i0r302}, 24140: {instructions: In a large pitcher full of ice, mix together all liquor ingredients. Stir well and serve in a large pilsner glass. Top with a spritz of cola and lemon juice., ingredients: [4 ounces tequila, 4 ounces vodka, 4 ounces blended whiskey recommended: Seagrams 7, 8 ounces Triple Sec, 8 ounces cola, 2 lemons, juiced], title: One and Done Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 24141: {instructions: To make Pate Sucree:nIn a food processor or large bowl sift together flour, sugar and salt. Add butter and either pulse a few times or work the butter gradually into the flour mixture with your fingers until the pieces are the size of walnuts. Add egg, pulse a few more times or mix into the mixture until the mixture holds together when you squeeze it with your finger. Add the water if necessary to reach the proper consistency. Turn the dough out onto a board and form it into a round disk. Refrigerate 1 to 2 hours.nAfter the dough has chilled, remove from refrigerator and roll it a little larger than a 9inch pie pan and about 18inch thick. Place the dough in the pan. Trim the edges with a knife. Refrigerate again for 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees. Dock the dough with a fork. Line the dough in the pan with aluminum foil, fill with dried rice or beans. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove the foil and weights.nBake 1015 minutes more until the crust it lightly browned. Cool to room temperature.nTo make the filling:nIn a saucepan, add 12 cup water, 12 cup sugar, salt, lemon juice, lemon zest and bring to boil. In a medium bowl, whisk together 12 cup sugar and cornstarch. In another bowl mix the egg yolks and 12 cup water together and add to the cornstarch mixture. When the lemon juice boils add a little of it into the yolks whisking. Then add the egg mixture back into the saucepan and over medium heat whisk constantly until the mixture thickens. Remove pan from heat. Add butter, stir until melted and incorporated. Pour immediately into prebaked crust. Cool to room temperature.nTo make Meringue topping:nPreheat oven to 325 degrees. In the bowl of an electric mixer beat the egg whites until they begin to foam. Reduce the speed of the mixer. Gradually add the sugar, a tablespoon at a time, until it dissolves into the egg whites. You should feel no grit. It should take about 3 minutes. Then increase the speed and beat until medium stiff peaks. Dollop the meringue on top of the pie, beginning at the crust. Swirl with the back of a teaspoon to make peaks. Or, pipe a lattice design across the top. Sift a little confectioners sugar over the top. Bake for 20 minutes checking and turning the pan every 5 minutes until the crust is golden all over. Cool to room temperature before serving.nSuggested drink: Asti, Bera, ingredients: [1 12 cups flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick 12 cup butter, 1 large egg, 2 to 3 tablespoons ice water, if necessary, 12 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest, 14 cup cornstarch, 6 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon butter, 23 cup egg whites, at room temperature, 23 cup superfine sugar, 14 cup confectioners sugar, in a sifter], title: Lemon Meringue Pie, picturelink: null}, 24142: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Mix the olive oil, mint, red pepper flakes, and salt to taste in a bowl. Rub the lamb chops all over with the garlic. Transfer a few tablespoons of the mint oil to a small bowl and brush on the chops.nGrill the chops until charred, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Press the middle of a chop with your finger: It should be slightly firm with a little give for mediumrare doneness. Transfer to a platter and brush with some of the remaining mint oil. Sprinkle with mint and serve with more mint oil.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup packed fresh mint leaves, chopped, plus more for sprinkling, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Sea salt, 12 small rib lamb chops about 2 13 pounds, 2 cloves garlic, smashed], title: Grilled Lamb Chops With Mint, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 24143: {instructions: Place barley in heavy large saucepan. Cook over medium heat until pale golden, shaking pan occasionally, about 10 minutes. Add broth to pan and bring to boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow, cover and simmer until barley is tender and broth is absorbed, about 35 minutes. Uncover and let barley cool. Char poblano and red bell pepper over gas flame or in broiler until blackened on all sides. Enclose in paper bag and let stand 10 minutes. Peel, seed and dice poblano and red bell pepper. Place barley, poblano and red bell pepper in large bowl. Add tomatoes and next 5 ingredients toss to blend. Season salad with salt and pepper. Can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover refrigerate. Bring to room temperature before serving.nPrepare barbecue mediumhigh heat. Spray mushrooms with nonstick spray sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to work surface slice thinly. Arrange 6 spinach leaves on each of 4 plates. Top with barley salad. Arrange 1 sliced mushroom alongside each salad. Serve while mushrooms are still warm., ingredients: [12 cup pearl barley, 1 12 cups canned vegetable broth, 1 large poblano chili or green bell pepper, 1 small red bell pepper, 2 large plum tomatoes, seeded, chopped about 1 cup, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup chopped green onions, 2 12 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Nonstick olive oil spray, 4 large portobello mushrooms, stemmed, dark gills scraped away, 24 large spinach leaves], title: Toasted Barley Salad with Red Bell Pepper, Corn and Grilled Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 24144: {instructions: In a large saucepan heat water until it comes to a boil. Add 1 cup of the reserve clam liquid and salt to taste. Now add your linguine, bring the water back to a boil and cook for 8 to 10 minutes until tender, but still firm to the bite. Meanwhile, in a skillet heat olive oil and garlic, and cook, stirring until fragrant. Add remaining clam juice and white wine and reduce to 34 cup of liquid.nBring liquid to a boil, add the clams, red pepper flakes and simmer 1 to 2 minutes, or until just cooked. Check your linguine, drain in a colander and transfer to a large serving dish. Add the butter, and toss to combine. Add the clam sauce and parsley and toss to combine. Season to taste with freshly ground pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 dozen clams shucked and diced, reserving liquid in a measuring cup there should be about 1 13 cups of clams and 2 cups of liquid, 5 cups water, 1 pound linguine, preferably fresh, 13 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 13 cup dry white wine, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes or 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons minced parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste], title: Classic Linguine and Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24145: {instructions: Preheat oven to 220 degrees. Wash ham thoroughly and pat dry. Place ham in roaster that has a lid. Pour 1 liter of rootbeer over ham. Add half the kumquats and 12 cup of brown sugar. Bake covered, for 6 hours, basting often. When done, remove ham from juices and discard juices. Return ham to roaster. In saucepan, combine remaining brown sugar and 2 cups of rootbeer. Bring to a boil and reduce until thickened enough to coat ham. Remove from heat and stir in both kinds of mustard. Brush sauce over top of ham and return to 300 degree oven uncovered to let brown. Add more sauce as needed. Add remaining kumquats during final 15 to 20 minutes of cooking. Be careful not to burn top of ham. Serve remaining sauce separately., ingredients: [12 to 15 pound ham, spiral cut preferably, 2 liters quality rootbeer, 1 12 cups dark brown sugar, 3 to 4 tablespoons hot spicy mustard, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 1 pound kumquats or green seedless grapes], title: Rootbeer Ham with Kumquats, picturelink: null}, 24146: {instructions: Place the sugar, 14 cup water and 2 sprigs rosemary in a saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat to dissolve the sugar. Remove the pan from the heat and let the rosemary syrup cool. This will make a bit more than you need but can be kept in the fridge for quite some time.nPlace 3 tablespoons of the rosemary syrup, the bourbon and seltzer in a shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously until cold and pour in a rocks glass filled with crushed or cracked ice. Garnish with a fresh rosemary sprig., ingredients: [12 cup granulated sugar, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, plus 1 sprig for garnish, 4 tablespoons bourbon, Splash seltzer, Crushed or cracked ice, for serving], title: Rosemary Julep, picturelink: gAH9..0kYLBNXPSE0lClQjG1.M4dYsi}, 24147: {instructions: MIX dressing and basil.nTOSS lettuce with croutons, tomatoes, pepperoni and mozzarella. Add dressing mixture mix lightly.nSPRINKLE with Parmesan., ingredients: [12 cup KRAFT Light Parmesan Asiago Balsamic Vinaigrette Dressing, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 4 cups torn romaine lettuce, 4 cups croutons, 8 tomatoes, chopped, 2 cups pepperoni slices, 1 cup cubed KRAFT LowMoisture PartSkim Mozzarella Cheese, 12 cup KRAFT Shredded Parmesan Cheese], title: Bella Bruschetta Salad, picturelink: 69xRX2Ooodt8i83TCBSogqQMceGf1ve}, 24148: {instructions: Special equipment: four 10ounce ramekinsnSpecial equipment: four 10ounce ramekins For the beef stew: In a heavy saucepan, fry the bacon until crisp. Remove the bacon and reserve. Brown the beef slowly on all sides in the bacon fat and remove. Add the carrots and celery and cook for about 5 minutes. Add the reserved bacon and beef back into the pan. Sprinkle with the flour and some salt and pepper and toss to coat evenly. Add the wine and let it reduce by half, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the beef stock, thyme and garlic. Cover and cook over low heat for 1 hour. Add the onions to the stew and cook for an additional 15 minutes. Add the mushrooms and parsley, season with more salt and pepper and cook an additional 15 minutes. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. For the biscuits: In a bowl and using your fingers, mix together the flour and coconut oil very well until the mixture feels crumbly. Add the milk and mix but dont overmix. Knead the dough just a couple of times, then roll it out to a thickness of 12 inch on a floured surface. Cut into 3inch rounds. Ladle the stew into four 10ounce ramekins, filling them threequarters full. Top each with a biscuit round and brush the biscuits with melted butter. Place the ramekins on a baking sheet and bake until the biscuits are golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [4 slices thickcut bacon, chopped, 1 pound chuck roast, cut into 1inch pieces, 34 cup mediumdiced carrots, 34 cup mediumdiced celery, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Salt and pepper, 1 cup red wine, 4 cups beef stock, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup pearl onions, peeled, 1 cup diced button mushrooms, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 cups selfrising flour, sifted, plus more for flouring work surface, 14 cup cold coconut oil refrigerate to solidify prior to measuring, 34 cup cold milk, Melted butter, for brushing], title: BiscuitTopped Beef Stew, picturelink: null}, 24149: {instructions: Toss the cucumber and scallion slices in a small bowl with the lemon juice, sesame oil and a pinch of salt. Lightly toast the bagels. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the eggs and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring, until almost set, about 2 minutes. Stir in the salmon, cream cheese and Sriracha and cook until the eggs are set, about 1 more minute. Divide the scrambled egg mixture between the bagels and top with the cucumber salad.nPhotograph by Paul Sirisalee, ingredients: [1 Persian cucumber, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt, 2 bagels, split, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 ounce smoked salmon about 2 slices, chopped, 1 ounce cream cheese, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 12 teaspoons Sriracha Asian chile sauce], title: Spicy Smoked Salmon Bagelwiches, picturelink: Wdqo3aqv2UVJ5n976pAlGXCN6AlEI2}, 24150: {instructions: Mix flours, salt, and cayenne pepper together. With the tips of your fingers, work cold butter quickly into the flour mixture until the butter is the size of peas. Add all cheeses and toss together. Sprinkle the water in by the tablespoon while tossing the flour cheese mixture with your other hand. As soon as the dough begins to form a mixture that sticks together, gently press it out on a lightly floured board in a rectangle about 10 to 12 inches long by 5 to 6 inches wide. Roll quickly with a rolling pin, so the dough is a solid piece. It will look rough at this point, but will smooth out later.nFold 13 of the dough towards you from the top and 13 of the dough away from you towards the top. The dough will break along the folds dont worry about it. Turn the dough block sideways so it looks like a book. Roll the dough a second time and fold again. Rest the dough in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Roll and fold the dough twice more. Rest it in the refrigerator for 1 hour. At this point, the dough may be frozen in one or two pieces or rolled to make cheese straws.nTo roll dough to make cheese straws, cut dough in half, keeping one half chilled. On a lightly floured board, roll dough about 18inch thick in a rectangle about 8 to 9 inches wide. Trim the edges but bake the trimmings for a snack. With a sharp knife, cut the straws 12inch wide and lay them on a well greased baking sheet. Bake at 350 degrees for about 10 minutes until a light brown. They will crisp as they cool. The straws are fragile, so handle them carefully and eat them soon.nDrink: BillecartSalmon Brut., ingredients: [1 34 cups flour, 12 cup cake flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 to 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, depending on how hot you want straws, 12 pound unsalted butter, cold, cut in small pieces, 1 cup packed, grated white aged Cheddar cheese, 12 cup grated, good quality Parmesan cheese, 12 cup packed, grated, yellow Cheddar cheese, 6 to 8 tablespoons ice water], title: Cheese Straws, picturelink: null}, 24151: {instructions: Puree the peaches in blender or food processor. Heat up in small saucepan and thin with brandy to taste reduce to thicken if you wish at last moment add some butter to give sauce a glazed look and spoon over cake.nTO CREATE OUR OWN INDIVIDUAL QUICK FROZEN FRUITnWash and dry fruit like cranberries or anything in the berry family. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or waxed paper and set the individual fruit on the baking sheet. Freeze until the fruit is icy this works only in a good 0 degree freezer and transfer to plastic freezer bags press out air. Use as needed in baked or cooked dishes or use raw, but pureed too soggy to use in fruit salads .nWHAT TO DO WITH FROZEN FRUITnPuree in yogurt or buttermilk and sweetened with liqueur andor honey for instant refreshing dessert drink. Puree frozen melon with liqueur to create an instant sorbet., ingredients: [16ounce can of peaches, drained, Brandy to taste, Butter to taste and optional], title: Peach Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24152: {instructions: To a martini shaker filled with ice, add vodka, brandy, and pear nectar. Shake and strain into martini glass. Top with Champagne and serve., ingredients: [1 shot vanillaflavored vodka, 12 shot pear brandy, 1 shot pear nectar, Champagne, of choice], title: Santortini, picturelink: Ek0iBD91Tg09gYSDigjfsObU0.m5zuG}, 24153: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 13 x 9inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray. Combine brownie mix, oil, water and eggs in large bowl stir 50 strokes with spoon. Stir in 1 cup chopped pretzels. Spread evenly in prepared pan. Bake 28 to 31 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely on wire rack.nSTIR peanuts, caramel topping and remaining 1 12 cups pretzels in small bowl just until coated. Spread evenly over cooled brownies.nPLACE frosting into corner of 1quart heavyduty resealable plastic bag. Microwave on HIGH 5 seconds. Cut small corner off bag. Starting in one corner of pan, drizzle evenly in a left to right sweeping motion, ending at opposite corner of pan. Chill 5 minutes or until frosting is set. Serve immediately.nBest when served the same day., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 19.5 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Family Size Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix, 13 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 3 tbsps. water, 2 large eggs, 2 12 cups coarsely chopped salted pretzel twists, divided, 1 cup chopped salted peanuts, 23 cup Smuckersu00ae Caramel Flavored Topping, 12 cup Pillsburyu00ae Creamy Supremeu00ae Chocolate Fudge Flavored Frosting], title: Fudgy Pretzel Brownies, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 24154: {instructions: Roast the peppers over a flame or in a dry skillet, turning with tongs as needed, until charred all over. Put roasted peppers in a plastic bag and let sit until skin rubs off easily remove skin. Cut a slit in 1 side of each pepper to create a pocket pull out ribs and seeds. Set peppers aside.nIn a frying pan, melt butter and add corn, green onions, and oregano. Saute until onions are soft and corn is cooked about 5 minutes. Stir in crema and cotija, then season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add shrimp to mixture, if using, and spoon filling evenly into peppers.nWrap peppers in foil and place in the embers of a burntdown fire to warm through about 15 minutes. Or, arrange peppers in a baking dish, cover with foil, and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven about 15 minutes., ingredients: [8 fresh pasilla or poblano peppers, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 cups fresh or frozen, thawed, corn kernels, 3 green onions, sliced, including green tops, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves or 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 cup Mexican crema or sour cream, 14 cup crumbled Mexican cotija or grated Parmesan, Salt and pepper, 12 pound small cooked shrimp, optional], title: Roasted Pasilla Peppers with Corn and Cotija, picturelink: null}, 24155: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDrain the oil from the tuna, reserving the oil. Place the tuna in a mixing bowl and flake it with a fork. Add the celery, onion, cornichons, lemon juice, mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons of the reserved oil, the mustard, salt, and pepper and mix well. Cover and refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to develop.nToast the bread and spread each slice with a layer of hummus. Spread the tuna salad on each piece of bread, garnish with slices of radish, and serve immediately.nFor the Hummus:nPlace the chickpeas, 2 tablespoons of the reserved liquid, the tahini, garlic, lemon juice, hot sauce, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until coarsely pureed. The hummus should be moist and thick add more lemon juice or reserved chickpea liquid to thin, if necessary. Cover and refrigerate for several hours for the flavors to blend. Taste for seasonings. Yield: 2 cups., ingredients: [14 ounces jarred or canned Italian tuna in olive oil, 14 cup minced celery, 2 tablespoons minced yellow onion, 2 tablespoons minced cornichons, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons good mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Sourdough bread, halved and sliced 12 inch thick, Hummus, storebought or homemade recipe follows, Fresh radishes, sliced, 2 cups canned chickpeas, drained, liquid reserved 15.5ounce can, 13 cup tahini or sesame paste, 4 teaspoons minced garlic 4 cloves, 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 3 lemons, 8 dashes hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 2 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Tuna and Hummus Sandwiches, picturelink: qP2k4DWmCSYOwd7895dSGBVWmLlU0Ne}, 24156: {instructions: Place the chickpeas in a medium bowl and cover with 2 inches of water. Soak overnight.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDrain the chickpeas, return to the mixing bowl, and set aside. Place 14 cup vinegar, mustard, and 1 teaspoon salt into a small lidded container and shake vigorously to combine. Add the olive oil and shake to combine. Pour the dressing over the chickpeas and toss to combine. Spread the chickpeas on a half sheet pan and roast until the chickpeas are deep golden brown and crunchy, tossing every 15 minutes, for 60 to 65 minutes. Remove from the oven, return to the mixing bowl, add the remaining vinegar and salt, and toss to combine. Transfer back to the sheet pan and spread out to cool completely before serving as a snack., ingredients: [1 pound dried chickpeas, 14 cup plus 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, divided], title: Roasted Chickpeas, picturelink: null}, 24157: {instructions: Melt the almond bark in a double boiler. Stir until smooth, then allow to cool slightly. Next, use the double boiler to melt the dark chocolate chips also.nLay down a large baking sheet and arrange the whole graham crackers together so they are butted up against one another. Pour the melted almond bark over the crackers and spread evenly.nSprinkle on the orange and black toppings and mini marshmallows. Lightly press the ingredients with the palm of your hand to make sure they are fixed. Drizzle over the dark chocolate. Allow to set for approximately 20 minutes, then serve., ingredients: [Three 20ounce packages white almond bark, One 12ounce bag dark chocolate chips, 40 whole chocolate graham crackers, Orange toppings, such as M and Ms, Skittles, jelly beans and Reeses Pieces, as needed, Black toppings, such as jelly beans, licorice pieces, broken Oreos, dark chocolate chips and Reeses Pieces, as needed, Mini marshmallows, for topping], title: Husky Bark, picturelink: fbd2RREzNptFSTegnwF03goFn55vaC}, 24158: {instructions: Toss 1 pound small shallots, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives, and salt and pepper on a large piece of foil. Dot with butter and drizzle with red wine vinegar. Tightly seal into a flat packet grill over indirect heat, flipping once, 45 minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: FoilPacket Shallots, picturelink: HUcTA5gcIu06BVt5Ugo1BhYT6Qg8y}, 24159: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small skillet over mediumlow heat, add 3 tablespoons olive oil, the butter, garlic, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook to infuse the butter and oil with the garlic, about 4 minutes.nAdd the cubed bread to a large bowl, pour the butter and garlic mixture over the bread and toss to coat. Transfer to a sheet tray and bake until crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nIn a small bowl whisk together the remaining olive oil and red wine vinegar and set aside.nIn a large serving bowl, combine the tomatoes, olives, mozzarella, croutons, basil, and the oil and vinegar mixture. Gently toss to coat all the tomatoes and croutons. Let the salad sit for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 14 cup, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 loaf ciabatta bread, cut into small cubes, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 pints red and yellow, grape and pear tomatoes, sliced in 12, 1 cup halved, sliced kalamata olives, 12 pound perlini mozzarella, 8 basil leaves, chopped], title: Tomato and Garlic Crouton Salad, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 24160: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil, then reduce it to a simmer. Add the milk, halfandhalf, sugar, and cinnamon, and simmer for 15 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer an additional 30 minutes. Strain and serve hot or cold., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 14 cup milk, 14 cup halfandhalf, 13 cup sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 2 teaspoons whole cloves, 2 teaspoons cardamom seeds, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Yogi Tea, picturelink: null}, 24161: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh.nPrepare sauce by combining all ingredients together in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook until heated through.nRub jerk seasoning into chicken wings. Grill for 10 to 12 minutes or until cooked through. Brush generously with sauce and serve., ingredients: [2 cups store bought mustardbased BBQ sauce recommended: Cattlemans Gold Sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 6ounce can crushed pineapple, Salt and pepper, 13 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, Store bought jerk seasoning, 18 chicken wings], title: Caribbean Jerk Chicken Wings, picturelink: JSoisN80jTStgZ3K3RJg55VzCAOZaC}, 24162: {instructions: To roast the peppers:nUsing a longhandled fork, char the peppers over an open flame, turning them for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the skins are blackened. Transfer the peppers to a bowl and let them steam, covered, until they are cool enough to handle. Keeping the peppers whole, peel them starting at the blossom end, cut off the tops, and discard the seeds and ribs.nMake the pepper soup: In a heavy saucepan cook the shallot, thyme, salt, and pepper, to taste, in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring until the shallot is soft. Add the bell peppers and 1 12 cups of the broth and simmer the mixture, covered, for 12 to 15 minutes, or until the peppers are very soft. In a blender puree the soup in batches until it is very smooth, forcing it as it is pureed through a fine sieve set over the pan. Then whisk in the cream, enough of the additional broth to reach the desired consistency, the lemon juice, salt, and pepper, to taste. The soup may be made 1 day in advance, kept covered and chilled, and reheated.nMake the tomato soup: Spread the tomatoes, skin side down, in 1 layer in 2 foillined jellyroll pans. Add the garlic to one of the pans and bake the tomatoes and garlic in a preheated oven at 350 degrees F for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until the tomatoes are very soft and their skin is dark brown. Let the tomatoes and the garlic cool in the pans on racks. In a heavy saucepan cook the shallot and oregano, and salt and pepper, to taste, in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring until the shallot is soft. Add the tomatoes, garlic skins discarded and 1 12 cups of the broth and simmer the mixture, covered for 15 minutes. In a blender puree the soup in batches until it is very smooth, forcing it as it is pureed through a fine sieve set over the pan. Whisk in the cream, the additional broth, if necessary, the lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste. The soup may be made 1 day in advance, kept covered and chilled, and reheated.nMake the serrano cream: In a blender blend together the chiles, garlic paste, and creme fraiche, until the mixture is combined well. Force the mixture through a fine sieve set over a small bowl. The serrano cream may be made 1 day in advance, kept covered and chilled, and then reheated., ingredients: [3 tablespoons finely chopped shallot, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 6 yellow bell peppers, roasted and chopped coarse, 1 12 cups lowsalt chicken broth, plus additional to thin the soup, 14 cup heavy cream, Fresh lemon juice, Salt and pepper, 3 pounds plum tomatoes, quartered lengthwise, 3 unpeeled large garlic leaves, 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallot, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 1 12 cups lowsalt chicken broth plus additional to thin the soup, 14 cup heavy cream, Fresh lemon juice, to taste, Salt and pepper, 3 serrano chiles or jalapenos, seeded and chopped fine, 1 large garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup creme fraiche or sour cream], title: Roasted Yellow Pepper Soup and Roasted Tomato Soup with Serrano Cream, picturelink: null}, 24163: {instructions: Special equipment: Parchment paper and a large flat board at least 20 inches square for serving.nPrepare and bake pastry in 4 quadrants: Stir together yolks and 2 tablespoons water for egg wash. Put a baking sheet in freezer.nUnfold 1 pastry sheet on a 12inch square of parchment and brush all over with egg wash. Prick entire surface evenly with a fork.nUnfold a second pastry sheet on a cutting board and cut out a 1 14inchwide rightangle strip along 2 adjacent edges with a sharp small knife, reserving remaining square for another use. Place right angle on 1 corner on top of 2 adjacent edges of pricked pastry to form first quadrant of tart. Transfer pastry on parchment to baking sheet in freezer and chill until firm, about 10 minutes.nTransfer pastry on parchment from freezer to cutting board and trim a 14inchwide strip from all 4 edges using tip of small knife and a ruler and cutting all the way through pastry. Make 14inchlong vertical cuts through double layers of edge about 12 inch apart to help sides rise evenly.nReturn pastry on parchment to baking sheet in freezer and chill until firm but not solid, about 10 minutes more.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. and heat another baking sheet on lowest rack in oven until hot, about 2 minutes.nRemove baking sheet from oven and transfer pastry on parchment from freezer to hot sheet. Bake pastry on lowest rack of oven until puffed and deep golden brown a little darker than usual so double edges are cooked through, 14 to 16 minutes. Transfer pastry on parchment to a rack to cool.nRepeat procedure with remaining 3 packages puff pastry to make remaining 3 quadrants of tart.nMake ginger cream: Blend cream cheese and granulated sugar in a food processor until sugar is dissolved and mixture is smooth. Add ginger and pulse until finely chopped and mixture is combined well.nPrepare fruit and assemble tart: If very puffed, gently flatten inner parts of pastry single layer slightly with your palm. Fit quadrants together on flat board to form a giant square tart shell, trimming inside edges of each quadrant slightly with a serrated knife to help quadrants fit together smoothly. Glue inner edges together with a little ginger cream, then spread remaining ginger cream evenly over tart, leaving double edges as a border.nArrange strawberries in a decorative pattern over cream. Bring jelly to a boil with remaining 2 tablespoons water, whisking until smooth, then simmer glaze 1 minute. Toss 34 of glaze with blueberries in a large bowl and spoon blueberries onto tart to cover cream between strawberries, mounding slightly. Brush strawberries with remaining glaze.nCooks notes:nu2012 All 4 quadrants of pastry can be prepared but not baked 1 day ahead and stacked in freezer between sheets of parchment paper. Let each section stand at room temperature until no longer frozen solid but still firm, about 5 minutes, before baking.nu2012 Ginger cream can be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.nu2012 Assembled tart can be kept at cool room temperature 3 hours before serving, ingredients: [2 large egg yolks, 4 tablespoons water, 4 17 14ounce packages frozen puff pastry sheets, thawed but kept chilled, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup chopped crystallized ginger 4 ounces, 2 pints strawberries 1 pound, hulled, then halved or quartered if large, 34 cup red currant jelly, 4 pints blueberries 2 12 pounds, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Berry Tart with Ginger Cream, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 24164: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Two 7foot lengths of parchment or wax paper Tape A ruler or measuring tapenFor the red block: Toss together the kidney beans, tomatoes, hot sauce and a large pinch of salt in a medium bowl or container with a lid and refrigerate. This can be done up to 1 day ahead.nFor the orange block: Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook, stirring and breaking up into small pieces, until browned and cooked through, about 4 minutes. Add the bell peppers and a large pinch of salt and toss until crisptender, about 3 minutes. Cool completely and refrigerate in a medium bowl or container with a lid. This can be done up to 1 day ahead.nFor the yellow block: Toss together the corn and cojita in a medium bowl or container with a lid and refrigerate. This can be done up to 1 day ahead.nFor the green block: Toss together the scallions and cilantro in a small bowl or container with a lid and refrigerate. This can be done up to 1 day ahead.nFor the purple block: Toss together the cabbage and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Put the red onions in a small bowl of ice water. Let the cabbage and onions sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Pour off any accumulated liquid from the cabbage and drain the onions. Refrigerate, separately, in their prep bowls or in containers with lids. This can be done up to 1 day ahead.nFor the black block: Toss together the beans and olives in a medium or container with a lid and refrigerate. This can be done up to 1 day ahead.nFor the cheese sauce: Working in batches, put the milk and cream cheese in a blender and puree. Pour into a very large pot and heat over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the mixture begins to bubble. Add handfuls of both the Monterey Jack and American cheese at a time, stirring well after each addition, until melted and smooth. Once all of the cheese has been added, simmer for a few minutes, then stir in the garlic, vinegar and 1 tablespoon salt. Let the cheese sauce cool and thicken. Keep warm. The cheese sauce can be made, cooled and refrigerated up to 1 day ahead and then reheated. Makes about 12 cups.nAssemble the nachos: If making ahead and refrigerating the prepared ingredients in advance, let each bowl of ingredients sit at room temperature for at least 1 hour or microwave to just take the chill off. The green layer of scallions and cilantro is the exception: Keep refrigerated until using.nTape together two 7foot lengths of parchment or wax paper to make one doublewide 7foot sheet. Lay it, tapeside down, down the middle of a long table or countertop. Spread the chips out into a 1footwide and 6footlong rectangle.nLadle about 34 of the cheese sauce about 8 cups all over the chips reserve the remaining sauce to serve on the side. Starting at the left end of the rectangle, sprinkle the red block ingredients to cover a 12inch square and top with the sliced Fresno chiles. Next to the red block, sprinkle the orange ingredients to cover another 12 inches. Next to the orange block, follow up with the yellow ingredients and top with the sliced pepperoncini. Next sprinkle the green ingredients and top with the avocado. Then do the purple ingredients, and finally finish the last 12 inches with the black ingredients.nEncourage your guests to fill their plates with nachos and top them with extra cheese sauce, sour cream, hot sauce and salsa. Platefuls of nachos can be reheated in the microwave, toaster oven or conventional oven if desired., ingredients: [Two 14.5ounce cans kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 2 large tomatoes, finely chopped, A few dashes of hot sauce, Kosher salt, 2 Fresno chiles, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 pound fresh chorizo, casings removed, 3 medium orange bell peppers, cut into a 14inch dice, Kosher salt, 1 pound frozen corn, thawed, 12 cup crumbled cojita cheese or grated Parmesan, 14 cup sliced pickled pepperoncini, 14 cup sliced pickled pepperoncini or banana peppers, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 2 firmripe avocados, diced, 14 head red cabbage, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, Two 3.8ounce cans sliced black olives, drained, 8 cups whole milk, One 8ounce package cream cheese, 2 pounds shredded Monterey Jack, 1 pound white American cheese, cut into small pieces, 3 cloves garlic, finely grated, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Kosher salt, Five 13ounce bags tortillas chips, Sour cream and your favorite salsas and hot sauces, for serving], title: SixFoot Nachos, picturelink: lNFLrpdrR.fcwRDREJmcXUxvv5WWqdi}, 24165: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a pot, combine the milk and cream. Bring to a boil. Stir in the honey and remove the pot from the heat.nSpread the bread out in a deep baking pan, and sprinkle the pine nuts and raisins on top.nPour the heated mixture over the bread and sprinkle with a generous amount of cinnamon.nPlace the baking pan in the oven and cook for approximately 15 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons honey, 1 loaf dayold bread, cut into small pieces, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 12 cup raisins, Ground cinnamon, for sprinkling], title: Umm Ali, picturelink: null}, 24166: {instructions: For the Chicken:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Steam spinach and let cool. Lay a long piece of plastic wrap over your cutting board and tuck it underneath the sides of the board. The chicken breasts should be placed on the covered cutting board, skin side down, with enough space between them so they can lay flat after you butterfly them. To make the butterfly cut, carefully slice open without slicing the chicken all the way through and spread the flesh of the chicken out so you will be able to pound it out into a single thin piece on which you will place stuffing and then roll up. Season the breasts with salt and pepper. Then put another length of plastic wrap over the seasoned chicken breasts and flatten with meat mallet to integrate the seasoning into the chicken. Cooks Note: Covering the chicken with the plastic will also keep the mess down when you pound with the meat mallet.nPound chicken thin and remove plastic. In a small mixing bowl, mix together, blue cheese, ricotta cheese, Parmesan, lemon zest and white wine. Place equal amounts of the cheese mixture on each breast, followed by equal amounts of the steamed spinach. Fold in each end and roll tightly, securing with toothpicks as needed, and placing on a baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper and brush with remaining olive oil. Place in the oven leaving an oven rack available for the hash and roast for 45 to 50 minutes, or until internal temperature registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove stuffed chicken from oven and allow to rest.nFor the tapenade:nFinely chop olives and plums and combine with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add 2 ounces of blue cheese and parsley, and season to taste with salt and pepper.nFor the Hash:nIn a large ovensafe skillet, add half the oil 14 cup and warm the pan over medium low heat. Add the pieces of blanched asparagus and diced onion, and saute together for about 5 minutes until the asparagus feels cooked to the bite. Remove from heat and set aside. In a large bowl toss the zucchini, diced white potatoes and diced sweet potatoes with the remaining 14 cup of oil and season them with salt and pepper. Get a nice even coating of oil on the zucchini and potatoes and place them onto a large roasting tray. Top with the asparagus and onion mixture and place in the oven for 35 to 45 minutes.nFor the DemiGlace:nPrepare demiglace while the chicken and hash are in the oven, by melting the butter over medium heat in a saucepan and sauteing onion until tender. Whisk together cornstarch and red wine to make slurry, and add to onion along with veal stock. Let simmer over medium heat until reduced by 13, stirring occasionally.nOnce the hash is complete, toss 2 ounces of blue cheese with warm hash mixture and using a 3inch circle mold or biscuit cutter as a mold, form a circle of the hash in the center of serving plate. Place stuffed chicken on top of hash, and spoon some of the tapenade onto the chicken breast. Drizzle demiglace over chicken and hash., ingredients: [1 pound fresh spinach, soaked and washed well, 8 6ounce boneless chicken breasts, skin on, 1 ounce blue cheese, 2 tablespoons ricotta cheese, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon white wine, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 pound thin asparagus, trimmed, blanched and cut into 14 to 12inch pieces, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 1 large red onion, diced, 2 small zucchini, diced into 14 to 12inch pieces place diced zucchini on paper towel to absorb moisture, 12 pound white potatoes, diced into 14 to 12inch pieces place diced potatoes on paper towel to absorb moisture, 12 pound sweet potatoes, diced into 14 to 12inch pieces place diced potatoes on paper towel to absorb moisture, 2 ounces blue cheese, 14 cup butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 12 cup red wine, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 pint veal stock, 14 cup kalamata olives, 14 cup pickled plums recommended: Umeboshi, 18 cup olive oil, 2 ounces blue cheese, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley, Salt and pepper], title: Chicken Florentine with Spring Vegetable and Double Potato Hash and Red Wine DemiGlace, picturelink: null}, 24167: {instructions: Poach chicken in broth until cooked through. Cool in broth. Shred chicken. Save broth for another use. Set aside.nHeat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and stir until golden brown. Add paprika, cumin and oregano and stir until fragrant. Add shredded chicken and stir well. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nUsing grater, grate corn from cob WilliamsSonoma sells a special gadget for grating corn right into a bowl. If using canned or frozen corn, pulse in food processor until coarsely pureed. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add corn, sugar and salt. Gradually stir in enough milk and cook until mixture is slightly thick. Stir in basil.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spoon chicken mixture into 2quart baking dish. Arrange hardboiled eggs, olives and raisins over. Pour corn mixture over, smoothing top to cover filling completely. Sprinkle powdered sugar over top. Bake until crust is golden brown and firm to touch, about 40 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, 5 cups chicken broth, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 cup butter, 6 large ears fresh corn, husked or highquality frozen, 12 to 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 8 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 4 hardboiled eggs, peeled, sliced, 1 cup pitted black brinecured olives such as Alfonso or Kalamata, 1 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar], title: Pastel de Choclo, picturelink: null}, 24168: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven on low broil setting.nSlice baguette into 35 small rounds. Coat each round with olive oil and lightly salt and pepper them. Place them on a cookie sheet. In a small saucepan, melt butter and add apple slices. When apples are coated, add brandy and toss gently for about 3 minutes, until apples become slightly soft. Remove from heat.nTo construct, place 1 apple slice on a toast round and spoon about 1 tablespoon of goat cheese on top. When all of them are constructed, place entire cookie sheet under broiler and remove as soon as the top of the goat cheese is slightly browned. Be sure you dont forget them, because they will brown quickly., ingredients: [1 baguette, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 green apple, sliced, 2 tablespoons brandy or apple vodka this may be omitted, 1 cup softened goat cheese], title: Brandy Apples with Goat Cheese, picturelink: 38yYOaQBKTWq821tdLWNMoBM047WOMK}, 24169: {instructions: Spray two baking sheets lightly with some of the oil. Using a mandoline or handheld slicing machine slice the potatoes crosswise 18inch thick and arrange them in one layer on the baking sheets. Spray slices lightly with the oil and bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 2530 minutes or until they are golden throughout. They will brown at different rates. Transfer them to paper towels and sprinkle them with salt and rosemary, if desired, while they are still hot., ingredients: [Pam spray olive oil, 1 russet baking potato, about 8 ounces, scrubbed, 1 teaspoon crumbled dried rosemary optional, Salt to taste], title: OvenBaked Potato Chips, picturelink: null}, 24170: {instructions: Peel the yucca, cut it into 3 to 4inch sections and quarter it lengthwise. Lay the quarters with a cut side down and slice off the core discard. Cut cored quarters into 1 12inch pieces. Put the yucca in a medium saucepan with salted cold water to cover by a few inches. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until translucent and just tender but not falling apart, about 15 minutes. Strain, return the yucca to the pot, set over low heat and toss once or twice to dry it out.nWhile the yucca boils, put 2 tablespoons of the oil and the chorizo in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the chorizo is browned and just cooked through, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate, using a slotted spoon. Add the onions to the skillet, sprinkle with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until translucent and beginning to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the bell peppers and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft and charred in spots, about 5 minutes. Transfer to the plate with the chorizo.nHeat the remaining 4 tablespoons oil in the skillet. Add the yucca and sprinkle with salt using a metal spatula, chop and press the yucca into the hot oil. When it is a little crusty on the bottom, after 1 or 2 minutes, turn the yucca over and keep pressing and turning until you have lots of crispy yucca, about 4 minutes more. Stir in the chorizovegetable mixture and heat through. Serve hot, topped with fried eggs., ingredients: [1 12 pounds yucca roots, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 ounces bulk fresh chorizo or link chorizo, casings removed, 1 Spanish onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestion: fried eggs], title: Yucca Hash Browns with Chorizo, picturelink: 9TZAz4o.KWlZhGjzHrzrReaFuMgV54i}, 24171: {instructions: For the Fajita Marinade: In a mixing bowl combine all of the ingredients and whisk. You may use a food processor to prepare the marinade. To Grill or Sear the Fajitas: Marinate the skirt steak and the chicken separately for about 2 to 3 hours. Prepare your charcoal grill making sure that there is enough charcoal for a hot grill. You may use a very hot saute pan or skillet to sear the meats if a charcoal grill is not available. Cook the skirt steak for about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Cook the chicken for about 3 to 4 minutes on each side until cooked thoroughly. Let stand for several minutes then cut into strips. Keep warm until service. Saute the peppers and onions with olive oil and place on a platter. Arrange the skirt steak and the chicken on a platter with the peppers and onions and accompaniments. Serve immediately. For the Guacamole: In a mixing bowl combine the ripe avocado with the skin and seed removed, the lime juice, garlic, onions, tomatoes and jalepeno pepper and cilantro sprigs and mash with a spoon. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve the fajitas with warm flour tortillas and the condiments listed above.nToss the tomatoes, scallions and the red onions in olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Char the tomatoes, scallions and onions on a charcoal grill or grill top. Place the grilled vegetables in a bowl and cool to room temperature. Rough chop the vegetable and add the remaining ingredients. Mix thoroughly and refrigerate.nCombine the tomatoes, onions, jalepeno peppers and olive oil together and mix. Right before service add the cilantro, lime juice, salt and pepper and toss. Let stand for 10 minutes and serve the salsas with red, blue and corn tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 jalepeno, seeded and minced, 12 cup cilantro, chopped, 12 cup scallions finely chopped, 12 cup onions, minced, 12 lime juice, fresh, 1 cup vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons cumin, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, Salt to taste, 1 pound chicken breast, boneless  skinless, Fajita marinade, recipe above, 1 red bell pepper, fine julienne cut, 1 green bell peppers, fine julienne cut, 1 Spanish onion, julienne cut, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste, 15 flour tortillas, 2 cups Salsa Fresca, 2 cups Salsa Verde, 2 cups guacamole, 1 bunch cilantro sprigs, 1 cup sour cream, 2 cups grated cheddar, monterey jack or chihuahuah, 1 ripe avocado with the skin and seed removed, Juice of 1 lime, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup of minced onions, 12 cup of diced tomatoes, jalepeno pepper, minced, 5 cilantro sprigs, Salt and pepper to taste, 6 tomatoes, cut in half, 1 bunch scallions, minced, 1 red onion sliced 12 inch thick, 14 cup olive oil, Cracked black pepper and salt, to taste, 1 teaspoon Chipotle peppers, minced, 2 teaspoons cumin, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 12 cup cilantro, chopped, 2 teaspoons garlic, minced, Freshly squeezed juice of 4 limes, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup cilantro, chopped, 6 tomatoes, diced, 1 onion, diced, 3 limes, freshly squeezed juice, 2 teaspoons jalepeno peppers, minced, Salt, to taste, Black pepper, to taste], title: Super Bowl Salsa Sampler and Fajitas, picturelink: null}, 24172: {instructions: Special equipment: Wooden skewers soaked in water for at least 15 minutesnRub shrimp with salt and pepper, and then rub shrimp with remaining ingredients until well coated. Thread shrimp onto skewers. Cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPreheat grill or oven to 450 degrees F.nWhile shrimp sits, make green sauce by combining garlic, bay leaves, pepper, chili and sea salt in mortar and mash until smooth paste is formed. If you dont have a mortar, put all ingredients in blender, with teaspoon of vinegar.nTransfer to mixing bowl. Add parsley, oregano and basil. Whisk in the vinegar and olive oil until well combined.nPlace shrimp on hot grill and sear both sides until pink. Remove shrimp.nSet shrimp onto platter, spoon over green sauce and serve., ingredients: [4 pounds shrimp, washed and deveined, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon dried orange rind, 12 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 6 garlic cloves, peeled and chopped, 3 dried bay leaves, 1 fresh poblano pepper, coarsely chopped with the seeds left in, 1 fresh serrano chile, coarsely chopped with the seeds left in, 12 tablespoon sea salt, 13 cup finely chopped fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, 14 cup finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 14 cup finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup sherry vinegar, plus more if needed, 13 cup olive oil, plus more if needed], title: Basque Shrimp with Chimichurri, picturelink: null}, 24173: {instructions: For the polenta: In a medium size sauce pan bring milk to a boil over medium high heat. Slowly add cornmeal, whisking in. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and add yolk, jalapeno and cheese. Salt and pepper to taste. Put into a greased 9 by 5 by 3inch pan. Cover tightly and refrigerate until firm, about 10 minutes. Cut into 24 pieces. Grill or saute to heat.nFor the chutney: Combine above ingredients in a large bowl and refrigerate up to 1 hour or until ingredients absorb flavors. Spoon over polenta., ingredients: [2 23 cup milk, 23 cup yellow stoneground, cornmeal, 1 egg yolk, 12 fresh jalepeno, chopped fine, 1 papaya fresh, ripe or jarred, 1 small red onion, sliced very thin, 1 to 2 medium size tomatoes, seeded and small dice, 12 cup of sliced scallions, 1 small pineapple, cut into chunks or 1 can pineapple in natural juices not syrup, 1 tablespoons of honey, Salt and pepper to taste, 12 fresh jalepeno, chopped fine], title: Grilled Jalapeno Polenta with Sweet and Sour Chutney, picturelink: null}, 24174: {instructions: PLACE all ingredients except morsels in food processor bowl. Cover process until mixed. Add morsels process until morsels are coarsely chopped. Makes about 2 cups mix.nRecipe to attach:nSpoon 4 tablespoons cocoa mix into mug. Add 1 cup boiling water stir well.nPaired with NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae ULTIMATESu2122 Pecan Turtle Delight Cookie Dough, ingredients: [12 cup, strong, dry, strong, NESTLu00c9u00ae CARNATIONu00ae Instant Nonfat Dry Milk, 12 cup Caramel Macchiato Flavor NESTLu00c9u00ae COFFEEMATEu00ae Powdered Coffee Creamer, 14 cup NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae Baking Cocoa, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt, 12 cup NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae SemiSweet or Dark Chocolate Morsels], title: Caramel Hot Chocolate Mix, picturelink: NHxA3yuZtwLjLf745IreWsPgSktYY9G}, 24175: {instructions: Make the ice cream cake: Brush a 3quart metal bowl with vegetable oil line with plastic wrap. Fill the bowl with scoops of the sorbet, vanilla ice cream and half of the chocolate ice cream, alternating small and large scoops to create a mosaic of colors and shapes. Place a piece of plastic wrap on top of the ice cream press down to close the gaps between scoops and even out the surface. Remove the plastic wrap, sprinkle the ice cream with the wafer crumbs and recover with the plastic wrap, pressing gently. Freeze until set, about 30 minutes.nRemove the wrap and spread the remaining chocolate ice cream in an even layer on top of the crumbs. Cut the pound cake into 12inchthick slices completely cover the ice cream with the slices, trimming as needed youll use about twothirds of the cake. Cover with fresh plastic wrap and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours or up to 2 days.nMake the meringue: Whip the egg whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until foamy, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat in the sugar on high speed until the whites are glossy and hold stiff peaks.nRemove the top layer of plastic wrap, then invert the cake onto a parchmentlined baking sheet. If necessary, let the cake stand overturned until it slips out. Remove the rest of the plastic wrap and cover the ice cream completely with the meringue, making the domeshaped top slightly thicker than the sides. Form swirly peaks in the meringue using the back of a spoon. Freeze for at least 3 more hours.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees. Bake the cake until the meringue peaks are golden, about 4 minutes, or brown the meringue with a blowtorch. Let the cake soften at room temperature for 5 to 10 minutes before slicing. Freeze any leftovers.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for brushing, 1 pint raspberry, passion fruit or other sorbet, softened, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, softened, 1 quart chocolate ice cream, softened, 1 cup chocolate wafer crumbs about 17 crushed wafers, 1 loaf pound cake, 1 cup egg whites about 6 large, at room temperature, Pinch of cream of tartar, 1 cup sugar], title: Baked Alaska, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 24176: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 quartsize mason jarsnCut the Italian loaf in half horizontally and spread the Roasted Red Pepper Spread onto the cut side of both halves. On one half, evenly layer on the ham, then the mortadella, salami and provolone. Top with the romaine, radicchio and tomatoes, then top with the other half of the loaf. Cut into 1inch sandwiches and serve with QuickPickled Zucchini on the side.nPut the red peppers, mayonnaise, vinegar, oregano, red chile flakes and garlic in a food processor and pulse to combine well.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the vinegar, salt, mustard seeds, chile flakes and 3 cups water to a simmer. Cook until the salt has dissolved, about 5 minutes.nDivide the dill, garlic, zucchini and onions evenly between 2 quartsize mason jars.nPour the hot liquid into the mason jars to cover the ingredients and let cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Serve immediately or cover with lids and store in the refrigerator for up to a week., ingredients: [One 3foot loaf soft Italian bread, Roasted Red Pepper Spread, recipe follows, 8 ounces thinly sliced boiled ham, 8 ounces thinly sliced mortadella, 8 ounces thinly sliced salami, 8 ounces thinly sliced provolone, 3 cups shredded romaine lettuce, 2 cups shredded radicchio, 2 cups sliced tomatoes, QuickPickled Zucchini, recipe follows, One 16ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, Pinch red chile flakes, 2 cloves garlic, 2 cups distilled white vinegar, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons red chile flakes, 6 sprigs fresh dill, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 medium zucchini about 2 pounds, sliced into 12inchthick rounds, 1 small red onion, halved and sliced into thin halfmoons], title: The Whole Hog Hoagie, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 24177: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 2 by 3inch moldsnPlace puree in bowl and warm over a water bath. Bloom gelatin in cold water. When gelatin is soft, remove from water and add to puree. Stir until gelatin is melted. Whip cream with sugar and vanilla extract to soft peaks. Fold in 13 of cream into puree mixture, then fold in remaining cream. Scoop into molds, place cake rounds on top and freeze. Remove from molds, cake side down, and coat with toasted coconut. They will look like little sandy islands.nAssembly for Tropical Fruit Cruise:nPlace chocolate molded cruise ship on a plate. Fill with kiwi sorbet. You can add chocolate smoke stacks on to the top of the sorbet. Place Mango Mousse Island on the plate near the ship. You can add additional decoration such as chocolate palm trees and pink chocolate flamingos, if desired.nCut out templates of bottom and sides of shipnMelt and cool chocolate in a bowl. Add corn syrup and water and stir until combined. Wrap in plastic and let set.nRoll the chocolate out flat. Place templates on top of chocolate and cut out 2 side pieces and 1 bottom piece for the ship. Glue together with melted chocolate. You can also cut out strips and roll to make 2 smoke stacks.nTo make simple syrup, bring sugar and water to a boil and let cool.nMix together puree and syrup and adjust tartness with lemon juice. Process in an ice cream machine., ingredients: [1 cup mango puree, 1 leaf gelatin or 1 teaspoon granulated gelatin, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Toasted coconut, Rounds of vanilla cake, cut into same size as molds, 12 2 by 3inch molds, Chocolate Cruise ship, recipe follows, Kiwi sorbet, recipe follows, 8 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, 2 12 ounces corn syrup, 1 teaspoon water, 2 cups simple syrup 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 2 cups kiwi puree, Lemon juice, to taste], title: Tropical Fruit Cruise, picturelink: null}, 24178: {instructions: Remove the little nub of stem that is still usually lodged at the top of each avocado. Cut each avocado in half by slicing straight down through that spot where the stem was attached, until you reach the pit, then rotating the knife all the way around the pit. Twist the 2 halves apart, then scoop out the pits. With a spoon, scoop out the soft flesh from the skins, collecting it in a large bowl as you go. Coarsely mash with the spoon or you can use an oldfashioned potato masher or large fork.nGently stir the salsa into the avocado mixture, along with the cilantro. Taste and season with salt. Cover with plastic wrap directly on the surface and refrigerate until youre ready to serve. Not only will the guacamole improve if made 12 hour or so before serving, but also it will maintain its fresh look longer if served cold. Scoop into a decorative bowl, garnish with cilantro sprigs and youre ready to set it out for your guests to enjoy., ingredients: [3 large ripe avocados, preferably the pebblyskin Hass variety, 1 cup Roasted Tomatillo Salsa, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus a few leaves, for garnish, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Tangy Green Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 24179: {instructions: Break the cauliflower into large florets. Trim off and discard the tough outer layer of the core, then cut the tender inside into 1 12inch pieces.nHeat the oil in a heavy 6quart pan over moderate heat until it shimmers. Add the cumin seeds and dried red chile and cook, shaking the pan, for 1 minute. Add the shallot, garlic, ginger, and fresh green chile and cook, stirring for 30 seconds. Stir in the turmeric, tomato and salt to taste.nStir in the cauliflower and stock and cover the pan. Simmer gently until the cauliflower is tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Its important that the cauliflower cook slowly otherwise, the liquid will evaporate too quickly, youll have to add more, and the cauliflower will turn soggy.nPuree the cauliflower mixture in a food processor in 2 batches until smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nMelt the butter in a 10inch skillet over high heat and saute the ginger for 30 seconds.nAdd the chestnuts, stirring and shaking the skillet, and season with salt. Saute the ginger and chestnuts until golden and caramelized and a little crisp around the edges, about 2 minutes. Transfer the ginger and chestnuts to paper towels to drain.nReheat the puree over low heat and stir in the chives and cilantro. Serve the puree topped with the sauteed ginger and chestnuts., ingredients: [2 12 pounds cauliflower, 14 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 small dried red chile, broken in half, 1 cup thinly sliced shallot, 14 cup thinly sliced garlic, Scant 14 cup thinly sliced peeled ginger, Scant 14 cup thinly sliced mild to moderately hot fresh green chile, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 scant cup diced plum tomato, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup vegetable stock, chicken stock, or water, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced peeled ginger, 14 pound bottled roasted whole chestnuts, halved crosswise and sliced about 10, Kosher salt, 14 cup chopped chives, 14 cup chopped cilantro], title: Cauliflower Puree with Chestnuts, picturelink: null}, 24180: {instructions: Special equipment: parchment papernPosition 2 racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Combine the olive oil, garlic, and smoked paprika in a small bowl and set aside.nCut four 16inch long sheets of parchment paper. Fold each sheet in half and open it like a book. Divide the pieces of parchment between 2 baking sheets 2 pieces per sheet.nDivide the kale, beans, and chorizo between the four parchment sheets, placing ingredients on one side of the fold. Drizzle with the sherry and garlicpaprika oil. Top each serving with a single layer of 8 clams.nFold over the top half of the parchment, crimping and overlapping small folds along the open edge to seal tightly, leaving enough room for the clams to open up. Bake until the parchment puffs and the clams open, 15 to 20 minutes. To tell if the clams are open, gently press the top of the puffed pack with a large spoon and feel the shells if they give, and are springy, they are open.nCarefully slide each pack off the tray and into individual serving bowls. Taking care to avoid the hot steam, cut open one end of the pack and let the contents slide into the bowl. Sprinkle with parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 5 ounces curly kale, stems removed, leaves thinly sliced about 3 tightlypacked cups, One 15ounce can nosalt cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 ounce Spanishstyle chorizo, papery skin peeled, sliced into thin halfmoons about 14 cup, 32 littleneck clams, scrubbed, 14 cup dry sherry or dry white wine, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, for serving], title: Clam, Chorizo and Kale Parchment Pack, picturelink: S12y7S7IlH0yVylILWgxQPEejoHhBHq}, 24181: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the stock in a large pot over medium heat. Add the turkey neck and bring to a simmer. Turn down the heat to low and let simmer for 20 minutes.nUnless the bottom of the roasting pan is burned, you can make delicious gravy. Place the roasting pan that you used to roast your turkey in over the burners of the stove, add the marsala and mustard to the pan, and warm it over low heat. Scrape the bottom of the pan to get the drippings and tasty bits off as the marsala reduces. Reduce the marsala until there is almost no liquid left in the roasting pan.nRemove the neck from the stock. Use a small strainer to sift the flour into a medium bowl. Slowly add 1 cup of stock into the flour, whisking constantly to blend smooth and lump free.nWhisk in the flour mixture and remaining chicken stock to the roasting pan. Reduce until the mixture thickens. Generally, a gravy is a thick sauce that is made fairly quickly. Cooking it for a while longer can help the starch in the flour break down and yield a slightly smoother texture. If any lumps, strain before serving. Transfer to a gravy boat., ingredients: [7 cups lowsodium chicken stock, Turkey neck, from turkey, 12 cup dry marsala, or sherry, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Countdown 9 No Lump Gravy, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 24182: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTie the celery, carrot, thyme, parsley, and bay leaf into a bundle using cotton butchers twine. Place the beans, bundle, and onion into a pot. Add just enough water to barely cover the beans. Bring to a simmer, partially cover, and cook for 1 to 2 hours until beans are barely tender.nAfter 30 minutes, add the salt to the beans. Occasionally check on the beans and add water to cover the beans, if needed.nWhen beans are just barely tender, drain them and remove the carrot bundle. Toss the beans while hot with the olive oil, lime juice, onion, cilantro, cumin, and chili powder. Chill thoroughly and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cups dried black beans, 12 celery stalk, 12 carrot, A few sprigs fresh thyme, A few sprigs fresh parsley, 1 bay leaf, 12 onion, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup lime juice, 1 red onion, minced, A handful fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder, Kosher salt and pepper], title: Black Bean Salad, picturelink: HxfAh4IjndQqWx6sisjAk41vdIO8x..}, 24183: {instructions: In a hot casserole, sear lamb shanks until brown and remove. Saute carrots, onions, ginger and garlic for five minutes. Add raisins and spices and quickly stir. Return lamb to pot and add olives, lemon and stock. Bring to a boil and simmer approximately 2 and 12 hours or until fork tender. Season with salt, pepper, and sugar to taste.nFollow directions on box for preparation of couscous. Add all other ingredients.nYield: 6 to 8 servings, ingredients: [4 lamb shanks shin bone, cut short, 2 cups carrots sliced on bias, 14inch thick, 2 cups onions, diced, 4 tablespoons fresh grated ginger, 8 cloves garlic, 1 cup raisins or currants, 2 tablespoons ground cumin toasted, fresh ground, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup Kalamata olives, 12 cup lemon preserves, sliced, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 quart veal stock, 1 box instant couscous, 1 cup green coriander, roughly chopped, 1 cup dried apricots, diced, 1 cup scallions, diced], title: Lamb Shank Tagine with Apricot Couscous, picturelink: null}, 24184: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nPlace a large pot of water over high heat and bring to a boil. Add the pasta, salt water and cook to al dente, with a bite.nWhile the water is coming up to a boil for the pasta, heat a medium, deep skillet over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon EVOO, 1 turn of the pan, and the butter. When butter melts into the oil, add onions and garlic and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, for 2 minutes then dust the onions with flour and continue to cook for 1 minute. Slowly whisk in milk. Gently bring milk to a bubble, allow the milk to thicken a bit, then stir in the capocola, spinach and 12 cup grated Parmigiano. Season sauce with nutmeg and cayenne and remove from the heat. Taste and add a little salt, if you like.nCombine the cooked pasta and the cubed mozzarella with the sauce, stir to coat completely by turning over and over. Transfer dressed pasta to a baking dish.nTo make the breadcrumb topping, combine the breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons of EVOO and the remaining 12 cup Parmigiano. Sprinkle the breadcrumb mixture over the top to cover the pasta from edge to edge. Transfer the baking dish under the broiler and broil until golden brown and crispy. Garnish with chopped parsley. What a gutbusternYumo, ingredients: [1 pound cavatappi, corkscrew pasta with lines or, macaroni with line in any short cut, Salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive, divided, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Black pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups whole or 2 percent milk, 12 pound sliced capocollo, hot ham, halve then slice into thin ribbons, 1 box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and excess liquid squeezed out, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a few large handfuls, divided, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, ground or freshly grated, eyeball it, 14 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, a couple pinches, 1 pound ball fresh mozzarella  buy a piece wrapped, not packed in water, then cut into 12inch cubes, 1 cup plain or Italian bread crumbs, A generous handful of flat leaf parsley, finely chopped], title: Spinach and Hot Ham FakeBaked Pasta with a Crispy Top, picturelink: lxyeoYW7oMY7upj26ZiS1a6cn4kmjaW}, 24185: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large dutch oven and add the garlic and onions. Cook, 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and add the rice. Stir constantly, making sure the rice doesnt burn. Cook over low heat, about 3 minutes.nNext, add the whole tomatoes, diced tomatoes, cumin, salt, pepper, cayenne and turmeric. Stir to combine and let cook, about 2 minutes. Finally, add the chicken broth and stir the mixture together. Bring the mixture to a boil, and then reduce heat to low. Cover, and simmer until the rice is not quite done, 10 to 15 minutes.nTop with the cheese, and then bake with the lid off until the cheese is melted and the rice fully cooked, about 15 minutes. Serve with chopped cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 to 1 whole large onion, chopped, 4 cups long grain rice, Two 14.5ounce cans whole tomatoes, One 10ounce can diced tomatoes and green chiles, such as Rotel, 1 teaspoon cumin or more to taste, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 6 to 8 cups lowsodium chicken broth more if needed, 1 12 cups grated Cheddar, Fresh cilantro, chopped, for serving], title: Mexican Rice Casserole, picturelink: 9VID7VbIjgQ7WsQQ.vHY6yu1iiBhqTS}, 24186: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F190 degrees C.nPut 1 12 cups375 ml water, the butter, sugar and salt in a roomy saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the flour all at once, beating until it forms a ball and pulls away from the sides of the pan. Return the pan to the heat for a minute or two and beat to dry it out a little. Removing moisture will allow the paste to absorb more egg, which will ultimately make the puffs lighter.nRemove the pan from the heat. Beat in the eggs, the equivalent of one at a time, until fully incorporated. Do not try to add them at once because they cant be incorporated quickly enough, it makes a total mess, and furthermore you may not need all of them. After the third addition of egg, add only enough to make dough that will fall, glossy and heavy, from the spoon. Beat in the vanilla. Spoon the dough into a piping bag.nMix a bit of milk into any remaining egg if no egg left, use only milk. Have at the ready with a pastry brush for glazing. Pipe the dough into evenlysized about 1 inch2.5 cm balls on a nonstick baking sheet, leaving a good 2 inches5 cm between them so they have room to expand. Brush the tops with the glaze and press the snouts down with a fingertip. Bake until puffed up, light, dry and golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool on a wire rack, so they can breathe all around and will keep their shape and not go soggy., ingredients: [34 cup170 g butter, 4 teaspoons sugar, Pinch salt, 1 12 cups185 g allpurpose flour, 6 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Milk, for glaze], title: Sweet Choux Pastry, picturelink: null}, 24187: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 9by5inch loaf pannFor the marmalade butter: Mix the butter, marmalade, orange zest and sea salt together in a bowl until smooth. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld. Remove from the refrigerator 15 minutes before serving.nFor the swirl bread: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush a 9by5inch loaf pan with butter, or spray with nonstick spray set aside.nCombine the flour, baking soda, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder and fine salt in a medium bowl.nPlace the sugar and oil in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on mediumhigh speed until well combined itll look like wet sand, about 1 minute.nTurn the mixer to medium speed and add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Reduce the speed to low, add the pumpkin puree and vanilla extract, and mix until just combined, about 30 seconds. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl and the paddle. Add the flour mixture, and mix until just combined.nRemove the bowl from the mixer and drizzle the melted chocolate evenly over the batter.nUsing a rubber spatula, fold the chocolate into the batter until its just swirled in. Be careful not to fully incorporate the chocolate into the batteryou want a marbled effect.nPour the batter into the prepared loaf pan and spread it into an even layer. Bake until the bread is browned on top and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with a few moist crumbs attached, 50 to 60 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Remove from pan and let cool another 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with the marmalade butter., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup orange marmalade, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, Pinch fine sea salt, Butter or nonstick cooking spray, for the pan, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 1 cup canned pumpkin puree, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled], title: ChocolatePumpkin Swirl Bread with Marmalade Butter, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 24188: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 wooden skewers soaked in water for 1 hournFor the glaze: Whisk together the pomegranate molasses, honey, lemon juice, mustard and mint and season with salt and pepper. Let the glaze sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes.nFor the kofte: Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a small saute pan over high heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the tomato paste, cumin, allspice and cayenne, and cook 1 minute more. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly.nCut the tuna into large chunks and add it to a food processor along with the cooled spice mixture, the 14 cup chopped parsley and lemon zest. Season with salt and pepper. Process until fairly smooth. Transfer to a bowl and chill for at least 1 hour.nPreheat a charcoal grill to high heat using the direct heat method.nDivide the tuna mixture into 12 equal portions and roll into footballs. Brush the koftes with some of the remaining oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown and slightly charred on all sides and just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Reserve some of the glaze for serving, and then brush the koftes with some of the remaining glaze each time you turn.nTransfer the skewers to a platter and mound some of the Spicy Hummus next to them. Drizzle the kebabs with more glaze and scatter the parsley leaves over the top.nPut twothirds of the chickpeas in a food processor along with the tahini, sesame oil, honey, garlic, chile, lemon juice, hot sauce if using and season with salt and pepper. Puree until almost smooth. With the machine running, drizzle in enough olive oil to make a smooth but thick puree. Transfer to a serving bowl.nPut the remaining chickpeas in a bowl and mash coarsely with a potato masher. Spoon the mashed chickpeas on top of the puree. Drizzle with olive oil and scatter parsley leaves over the top., ingredients: [12 cup pomegranate molasses, 1 tablespoon clover honey, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 8 fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 pounds fresh tuna, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus whole leaves for serving, Zest of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crushed Spicy Hummus, for serving, recipe follows, Three 15ounce cans chickpeas, drained, rinsed well and drained again, 14 cup tahini, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons honey, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 serrano chile, sliced, Juice of 1 lemon, Few dashes hot sauce, such as Tabasco, optional, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Tuna Kofte with Pomegranate MolassesMint Glaze with Crushed Spicy Hummus, picturelink: XJjwWBKiDFAJojMyF23SS3FPNWLoiPW}, 24189: {instructions: Heat oil in large skillet, Cook garlic, red pepper flakes and cayenne over medium high heat quickly. Add in crumbled sausage meat and cook until completely browned. Add in tomatoes and bring to a simmer. Cook about 5 minutes until sauce begins to thicken and add cream. Return to a rapid simmer. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Add cooked Rigatoni and reserved liquid. Return to simmer and sprinkle with parsley and Parmesan. Serve with extra Parmesan cheese and black pepper., ingredients: [12 ounces rigatoni, cooked and drained, 12 ounces hot Italian sausage, removed from casing, 14 cup reserved cooking liquid from rigatoni, 2 tablespoons olive oil and chopped, 2 cups whole canned tomatoes, drained, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 cup parsley, chopped, 12 cup Parmesan, grated], title: Spicy Sausage Rigatoni, picturelink: null}, 24190: {instructions: Put an inverted baking sheet or pizza stone on the bottom oven rack preheat to 475 degrees F. Brush the bottom and side of a 10inch deepdish pizza pan or a 9inchround cake pan preferably dark metal with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Press the dough into the pan.nCombine the tomato sauce, garlic, oregano, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a bowl. Spread 1 cup of the sauce over the dough scatter the onion on top. Transfer the pan to the hot baking sheet bake until the crust puffs up slightly and starts browning, about 10 minutes.nRemove the pizza from the oven top with the cheese, pepperoncini and pepperoni, then top with the remaining sauce. Return to the hot baking sheet and bake until golden and crisp around the edge, about 12 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes. Top with the basil before slicing.nToss the greens with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the pepperoncini brine season with salt and pepper. Serve with the pizza.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature, 1 12 cups tomato sauce, 1 clove garlic, grated, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 onion, thinly sliced, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella cheese about 6 ounces, 12 cup chopped pepperoncini, plus 2 tablespoons brine from the jar, 12 cup sliced pepperoni about 3 ounces, 8 fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced, 1 5ounce package mixed salad greens about 6 cups], title: DeepDish Pepperoni Pizza, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 24191: {instructions: Remove the neck and giblets from your turkey pat dry, then let stand at room temperature, 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Season the turkey inside and out with salt and pepper. Fill the cavity with chopped onions, carrots, apples and herbs, then tie the legs together with twine. Place breastside up in a roasting pan and brush with melted butter. Tent with foil and roast 2 hours for a 10to12pound turkey add an extra 15 minutes per pound for larger birds. Uncover, brush with more butter and increase the heat to 425 degrees F roast until the thigh meat registers 165 degrees F, about 1 more hour. Let rest 30 minutes before carving.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [], title: Basic Turkey, picturelink: VgNPQ8CkudZuhJ0KOECXhpjHpP4vyi}, 24192: {instructions: First, prepare all your vegetables, because once the sauce is done youll be ready to servenTo make your sauce, put the garlic cloves, milk and anchovies into a saucepan and bring to the boil. Simmer slowly for 10 minutes, or until the garlic is soft and tender, keeping a close eye on the pan to make sure the milk doesnt boil over. Dont worry if it splits and looks a little lumpy  simply remove from the heat and whiz the sauce up with an immersion blender. Gently blend in the extravirgin olive oil and the vinegar a little at a time  youre in control of the consistency at this point. If you like it thick, like mayonnaise, keep blending. Now taste it and adjust the seasoning. Make sure theres enough acidity from the vinegar to act like a dressing. It should be an incredible, pungent warm sauce.nThere are 2 ways you can serve this  with both you need the sauce to be warm. Either pour the sauce into a bowl and place this on a plate, with the vegetables arranged around the bowl, or serve the vegetables in a big bowl and drizzle the sauce over the top. Sprinkle over the reserved herby fennel tops and celery leaves and finish with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil.nOur agreement with the producers of Jamie at Home only permit us to make 2 recipes per episode available online. Food Network regrets the inconvenience to our viewers and foodnetwork.com users, ingredients: [A few young carrots, peeled and finely sliced, A few small raw beets, peeled and finely sliced, A few sticks celery, trimmed and thinly sliced, yellow leaves reserved, 12 small Romanesco or white cauliflower, broken into florets, 1 bulb fennel, trimmed and finely sliced, herby tops reserved, 1 handful small beet leaves, if available, washed, 1 bunch radishes, trimmed and washed, 12 a celeriac, peeled and finely sliced, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon milk, 10 anchovy fillets in oil, 23 cup good extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 2 or 3 tablespoons good white wine vinegar], title: Winter Crunch Salad with a MindBlowing Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24193: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the pancake batter by stirring together the pancake mix, milk, brown sugar, oil and eggs until combined. Stir in the strawberry preserves, then stir in the granola and chopped strawberries, adding more of either if youd prefer.nHeat a nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat. Add a little butter to the skillet and fry the pancakes on both sides until dark golden. Serve with chopped strawberries, granola, syrup and vanilla yogurt on top.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, toss the oats with the oil, melted butter and salt. Spread the mixture out on 2 baking sheets and toast in the oven for 12 minutes, shaking the pans twice during the cooking time and making sure the oats dont burn. Set aside to cool a bit.nReduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the brown sugar, honey, apple juice and molasses. Stir the mixture until combined, then heat over medium heat, stirring, until barely bubbling. Stir in the vanilla extract.nToss together the toasted oats, rice cereal, wheat germ, pecans, sunflower seeds, almonds and flax seeds. Pour in the sugar mixture, stirring as you pour. Toss to combine it will be stickynThoroughly grease a baking sheet or line it with greased foil. Tip the mixture onto the baking sheet, spread out and bake until golden, about 30 minutes. Let cool, then use a fork to make clusters. Store in a jar until ready to use., ingredients: [2 cups wholegrain pancake mix, 1 12 cups milk, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 1 heaping tablespoon strawberry preserves, 12 cup storebought or Homemade Granola, recipe follows, plus more if needed, 8 strawberries, chopped, plus more if needed, Butter, for frying, Serving suggestions: chopped strawberries, granola clusters, warm pancake syrup and vanilla yogurt, 6 cups rolled oats not quick oats, 14 cup vegetable or canola oil, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, plus more for greasing the baking sheet, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 14 cup apple juice, 14 cup molasses, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups crispy rice cereal, such as Rice Krispies, 1 cup wheat germ, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, 12 cup shelled sunflower seeds, 14 cup roughly chopped almonds, 14 cup flax seeds], title: Strawberry Granola Pancakes, picturelink: 2uG8QjkoIEqMmKGMF4Njv1fNy2mlw2}, 24194: {instructions: Special equipment: Crock potnTo make the glaze, in a small dish, combine preserves, brown sugar, butter, cinnamon, salt, and nutmeg. Stir well and set aside.nPut all of the veggies in the crock pot and top with the glaze.nUse a large spoon to stir the contents of the crock pot up a bit. Dont worry if the preserves mixture isnt completely distributed.nCover and cook on high for 3 to 4 hours or on low for 7 to 8 hours.nOnce the veggies are cooked, in a small bowl, combine cornstarch with 2 tablespoons cold water, and stir until the cornstarch has dissolved. Add to the crock pot and mix well.nTurn off the pot and leave uncovered for 15 minutes to allow the sauce to thicken. Stir and, if you like, add additional salt and optional ingredients, to taste. Then enjoy, ingredients: [14 cup lowsugar apricot preserves or jam, 2 tablespoons brown sugar not packed, 1 12 tablespoons light whipped butter or light buttery spread, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 32ounce bag about 6 cups baby carrots, 1 onion, sliced, 1 yellow bell pepper, stem removed, seeded, and sliced, 1 red bell pepper, stem removed, seeded, and sliced, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, Black pepper, optional, Cayenne pepper, optional, Ground ginger, optional], title: GlazeOfGlory Candied Carrots, picturelink: UFQt6hWYCX674oFjsV3OtsYLL970za}, 24195: {instructions: Grease a 10inch spring form pan and line with parchment paper.nIn a food processor grind the hazelnuts and 34 cup sugar together, pulsing to avoid over blending so it does not become a paste. Whip the cream using a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or a hand mixer, until fluffy, soft peaks. Transfer to the refrigerator.nIn a clean dry bowl, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form. Add the vanilla extract and 14 cup sugar and continue whipping until glossy and stiff, about 30 seconds more. Fold into the whipped cream, then fold in the ground nut mixture. Spoon the mixture into the spring form pan. Smooth the top. Freeze at least 4 hours or overnight.nWarm Glossy Chocolate Sauce: In the top half of a double boiler, combine the 2 chocolates over simmering water. Stir constantly until melted, then whisk in the corn syrup and water. Whisk until smooth and shiny.nWhen ready to eat, remove the collar and serve frozen with chocolate sauce.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [1 cup hazelnuts, blanched, toasted and cooled, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, whipped, 34 cup egg whites, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Warm glossy chocolate sauce, recipe follows, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 7 ounces semisweet chocolate, 38 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup hot water], title: Hazelnut Semifreddo, picturelink: null}, 24196: {instructions: For the creme fraiche topping: Whisk together the creme fraiche, vanilla extract, orange zest and vanilla bean seeds in a small bowl until combined. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or overnight to allow flavors to meld.nFor the poached maple pears: Meanwhile, combine 4 cups water, the sugar, cinnamon sticks, orange peel and vanilla bean in a highsided medium skillet over high heat. Bring to a boil and cook until sugar has dissolved. Reduce the heat to a simmer, add the pears and cook, turning a few times, until a thinbladed knife meets no resistance, about 20 minutes. Remove the pears to a plate and let cool, then then slice each half in half again.nBring the poaching liquid back to a boil and cook until reduced to about 1 12 cups. Remove the cinnamon sticks, orange peel and vanilla bean. Add the maple syrup and the poached pears and cook 1 minute longer. Keep warm.nFor the Dutch baby: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the eggs in a blender and blend for 1 to 2 minutes, until smooth and pale in color. Add the flour, milk, brown sugar, pumpkin pie spice, molasses and salt, and blend until smooth.nMelt the butter in a 9inch castiron skillet over high heat, swirling it up the sides to evenly coat the pan. Pour the batter into the skillet and immediately transfer to the oven. Bake until the pancake is puffed and browned, and crisp at the edges, 15 to 20 minutes.nDust the Dutch baby with powdered sugar and cut into wedges. Top each wedge with creme fraiche topping, some poached pears and a drizzle of the pear syrup., ingredients: [12 cup creme fraiche, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, One 2inch strip orange peel, 1 vanilla bean, split, 2 slightly underripe pears Bosc or Anjou, peeled, halved and cored, 14 cup Grade B maple syrup, 2 large eggs, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 1 teaspoon light molasses, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Gingerbread Dutch Baby with Poached Maple Pears and Creme Fraiche, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 24197: {instructions: Layer serrano and cheese in equal amounts on 4 slices of bread. Grind the hot pickled vegetables and the sweet pickle relish in food processor and pulse chop to make a relish. Spread the relish evenly on sandwich tops and set into place.nPlace olives in a foil pouch and season with thyme, lemon zest, cumin seeds and red pepper flakes. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and seal the pouch. Place pouch on grill and cook a few minutes on each side to heat the olives, herb and spices.nPreheat grill or grill pan to medium high.nPlace sandwiches on grill and weight down with heavy skillet or a brick covered in foil. Char and heat the sandwiches through, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side.nCut sammies in half and serve with Hot Olives alongside., ingredients: [8 slices crusty bread from a goodsized loaf, 12inch thick, at least 5 inches across and 3 inches wide, 13 pound thinly slices serrano ham, 13 to 12 pound manchego, thinly sliced with sharp knife or cheese plane, 1 cup hot pickled vegetable salad of cauliflower, carrots, celery and hot peppers giardiniera drained,, 12 cup sweet pickled red pepper relish or sweet pickle relish, 2 cups mixed good quality olives, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Charred Spanish Ham and Cheese Melts and Hot Olives with Herbs and Spices, picturelink: IUXvC3PnS8niRwIPT..zvYnYwXKES}, 24198: {instructions: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil and pour about 2 tablespoons olive oil evenly over the pan. Sprinkle the oil with salt and pepper. Strew a little of the garlic, basil, thyme, and bay leaves over the oil. Cut each tomato lengthwise in half and carefully, with your fingers or a tiny spoon, remove the seeds. Lay the tomato halves cut side down in the pan, wiggling the tomatoes around if necessary so that each tomato has a floss of oil on its cut side. Using a pastry brush, give the tops of the tomatoes a light coat of olive oil. Season the tops of the tomatoes with salt and pepper and a little sugar, and scatter over the rest of the garlic, basil, thyme, and bay leaves. Slide the pan into the oven and bake the tomatoes for 2 12 hours, or until they are very tender but still able to hold their shape turn the tomatoes over at halftime and open the oven for just a second every 30 minutes or so to get rid of the moisture that will build up in the oven. Cool the tomatoes to room temperature on their pan. When the tomatoes are cool, transfer them to a jar, stacking them neatly. Pour whatever oil remains in the pan over the tomatoes and then, if you plan to keep the tomatoes longer than 1 or 2 days, pour in enough olive oil to cover and refrigerate., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, split, germ removed and finely sliced, 10 basil leaves, torn, 4 sprigs thyme, leaves only, 2 bay leaves, broken, 20 ripe plum tomatoes, peeled, 14 to 12 teaspoon sugar], title: Tomato Confit, picturelink: null}, 24199: {instructions: Wash rice under cold running water until water runs clear and drain well. Bring milk to a boil with cinnamon sticks, add rice, return to a boil then reduce to a simmer. Cook 1215 minutes or until just barely soft throughout, stirring occasionally. Add sweetened condensed milk and vanilla bean and continue to simmer very slowly covered for 1015 additional minutes or until rice is plump and tender and sauce is the consistency of heavy cream. Chill in a bowl over ice water to stop cooking.nPlace rum and raisins in a heavy bottomed pot and simmer over low heat until raisins have plumped and rum is almost gone. Set aside to cool and fold into chilled rice pudding. Serve icy cold with a dusting of cinnamon atop., ingredients: [1 cup short grain white rice, 4 cups nonfat milk, 4 sticks cinnamon, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 34 cup dark rum, 1 cup golden raisins], title: Rum Raisin Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 24200: {instructions: For the soup, heat the EVOO, 3 turns of the pan, in a soup pot or large Dutch oven. Add the chopped celeriac, parsnips, potato, onion, bay and thyme. Season with salt and pepper and cook, partially covered, to soften, 10 to 12 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the apples and lemon juice and cook 5 minutes more. Then deglaze the pan with the Calvados or Sauterne and add the chicken stock. Simmer over mediumlow heat, 20 to 25 minutes more. Then remove the bay leaf and puree the soup. If too thick, add 1 cup water to puree. Add the cream or creme fraiche, turn off the heat, cool and store for a makeahead meal.nButter one side of each slice of bread. Combine the apple butter, honey and mustard and spread over opposite sides of the bread. With the butteredside facing out, build the cheese sandwiches and individually wrap for makeahead.nTo serve, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the soup up over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Arrange the bacon on a slotted pan and bake until crisp, about 15 minutes. Place the bacon and sliced apples in the prepared sandwiches. Heat a griddle pan over medium heat and make the grilled cheeses, cooking until deeply golden and crisp on both sides., ingredients: [3 tablespoons EVOO, 1 large celeriac celery root, 1 14 pounds, peeled and chopped, 2 parsnips, peeled and chopped, 1 Idaho potato, peeled and chopped, 1 onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 3 large Gala or other crispy, sweet apples, 2 peeled and chopped, 1 sliced, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 cup Calvados apple liquor or 12 cup Sauterne citrusy wine, 4 cups chicken stock, homemade or storebought, 1 cup heavy cream or creme fraiche, 1 stick butter, softened, 8 slices, 12inch thick, good quality white bread, 12 cup apple butter, 13 cup honey, 14 cup grainy Dijon mustard, 34 pound super sharp white Cheddar, sliced, 12 slices good quality smoky bacon], title: Creamy Apple and Celery Root Soup with Grilled Cheddar, Bacon and Apple Honey Mustard Sandwich, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 24201: {instructions: Enjoy these cookies inspired by delicious languesdechat, delicate French tea cookies. I love these with coffee, tea, or even with rich hot chocolate u2014 perfect for dipping as you sip Or, you could even dip the cookies into melted chocolate or caramel.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the butter, cream cheese, sugar and vanilla to the bowl of a stand mixer. Beat on mediumhigh speed until creamy, about 1 minute.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. On the lowest speed, gradually add the flour mixture into the butter mixture, just until blended. Divide the batter into 3 bowls, and gently stir in the different zests among the bowls, making 3 citrus flavored batters.nScrape each batter into a pastry bag fitted with a 14inch tip, or a sturdy plastic bag with the corner snipped off. Pipe 2inch long strips, about 2 inches apart, on a cold unlined baking sheet. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes, or until golden brown. Repeat with the other batches.nRemove from the oven, and let cool on the baking sheet for a few minutes before removing with a spatula to cool completely on baking rack. Serve with tea or coffee, or just nibble...addictivenCooks Note: To butter cookie purists: these are also delicious without the zestnNote: This recipe has been updated as of December 8, 2009.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the margarine, vegan cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla to the bowl of a stand mixer. Beat on mediumhigh speed until creamy, about 1 minute. The mixture will look a little separated at this point. No worries, it comes together  scrape down the sides of the bowl.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. On the lowest speed, gradually add the flour mixture into the butter mixture, just until blended. Divide the batter into 3 bowls, and gently stir in the different zests among the bowls, making 3 citrus flavored batters.nScrape each batter into a pastry bag fitted with a 14inch tip, or a sturdy plastic bag with the corner snipped off. Pipe 2inch long strips about 2inches apart on a cold unlined baking sheet. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes, or until golden brown. Repeat with the other batches.nRemove from the oven and let cool on the baking sheet for a few minutes before removing with a spatula to cool completely on baking rack. Serve with tea or coffee, or just nibble...addictivenNote: This recipe has been updated as of December 8, 2009., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, cool but not straight from the fridge, 4 ounces cream cheese, cool but not straight from the fridge, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, Dash salt, Finely grated zest from 1 lime, Finely grated zest from 1 orange, Finley grates zest from 1emon, 1 cup margarine 2 sticks, cool but not straight from the fridge, 4 ounces vegan cream cheese, cool but not straight from the fridge, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, Dash salt, Finely grated zest from 1 lime, Finely grated zest from 1 orange, Finley grated zest from 1 1emon], title: Citrus Trio Butter Dipping Cookies, picturelink: ADw0RaQ8ERnzhe.eJSA8oBofqrFJnVa}, 24202: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13inch baking dish with cooking spray.nRemove the mushroom caps from the stems. Reserve the caps for the online round 2 recipe Stuffed Mushrooms. Roughly chop the stems and set aside.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the canola oil. Stir in the onions and celery and cook until softened slightly, about 2 minutes. Add the mushroom stems and herbs and continue to cook until the mushrooms are browned and the vegetables are slightly tender, about 5 minutes.nWhisk together the eggs and chicken broth in a large bowl. Add the cubed bread and toss to coat all of the bread. Stir in the cooked onions and mushroom mixture and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to the baking dish and bake, covered loosely with foil, for 40 to 50 minutes. Remove the foil for the last 10 minutes of cooking time to brown the top. Remove from the oven and serve.nUse the leftovers from this recipe to make quesadillas and stuffed mushrooms., ingredients: [Canola oil, cooking spray, 2 10ounce packages white button mushrooms, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 3 stalks celery, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 14.5ounce cans chicken broth, 1 loaf day old French bread, diced into 12inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sage and Mushroom Stuffing, picturelink: HMKZTRz6WgucKLVPTvElHfM1xLcELe}, 24203: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWash, dry and slice the tomatoes into 38inch thick. Transfer the tomatoes to a paper towel to drain.nCombine the cornmeal, panko bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon salt, pepper, and cayenne in a shallow bowl.nIn a second shallow bowl, combine the buttermilk and half of the yogurt.nMeanwhile, combine the sour cream, remaining yogurt, horseradish, lemon zest, lemon juice and 12 teaspoon of the salt to make the horseradish cream. Cover and refrigerate until serving.nHeat the oil in a cast iron pan to 365 degrees F.nDip the sliced tomatoes in the buttermilk mixture and shake off any excess. Press them into the panko mixture and repeat until all the tomato slices have been coated.nCarefully lower the battered slices, in batches, into the hot oil. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes on both sides, then move them to a wire rack to drain. Sprinkle them with remaining salt while they are still hot. Arrange them on a serving platter and serve immediately with the horseradish cream., ingredients: [4 large green tomatoes, 1 cup white cornmeal, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, divided, 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup yogurt, divided, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup horseradish, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, freshly squeezed, 1 quart corn oil, for frying], title: Fried Green Tomatoes with Horseradish Cream, picturelink: 7YIZXZQuJ6bDaDEnqQMyhIu9CXvUe}, 24204: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small skillet heat the oil over moderate heat until hot, but not smoking. Using tongs, dip the corn tortillas, 1 at a time, into the oil for 5 seconds to soften. Remove the tortillas from the oil, letting the excess oil drip off. Put them on a papertowel lined sheet tray to absorb the oil as they cool. Once they are cool enough to handle, take 1 tortilla at a time and build the enchiladas.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut a mound of the shredded meat about 14 cup, a tablespoon of Jack cheese, a tablespoon of onions, and a pinch of chopped cilantro on each tortilla and roll up to enclose.nIn a shallow 3quart baking dish, coat the bottom with 1 cup of the chili sauce. Arrange the tortillas, seam side down, in a single layer in the dish. Pour the remaining cup of sauce over the enchiladas and cover them with the remaining Jack cheese.nBake the enchiladas until the cheese is melted and bubbly, about 15 to 20 minutes. Sprinkle the enchiladas with the remaining cilantro and serve with the Mexican crema and Cotija cheese.nOn a sheet tray or baking pan, arrange the onion, tomatillos, tomatoes and garlic and drizzle with olive oil. Place under a broiler and char the vegetables, about 5 to 7 minutes. Keep an eye on them you want them charred but not burned.nIn a dry heavy bottomed skillet dry toast the chiles until soft and fragrant. Remove the chiles from the pan, discard the stem and seeds and plunge them into a bowl of hot water to soften.nAdd the soaked chiles, roasted vegetables and the chicken stock to a blender. Blend the mixture until very smooth. If the mixture is too thick you can always thin it with a little of the chili soaking water. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn the same skillet you toasted the chiles, toast the spices until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes, and then grind them in a spice grinder.nIn a bowl, mix the ground spices with the 14 cup extravirgin olive oil to form a paste. Rub this paste all over the flank steak and allow it to marinate for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, season the steak with salt and pepper, to taste.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPreheat a grill or a grill pan on mediumhigh. Grill the flank steak, for 3 minutes on each side, to char the steak.nPut the steak in a roasting pan, pour the chili sauce over the steak, and cover the pan with foil. Put the pan in the oven and roast for 1 hour.nRemove the steak from the pan, shred the meat and reserve the sauce., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable oil, 12 6inch corn tortillas, 12 pound Red Meat Chili, shredded, recipe follows, 2 cups Chili Sauce, recipe follows, 10 ounces Jack cheese, shredded, 1 cup finely chopped white onion, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 1 cup Mexican crema, 1 cup crumbled Cotija cheese, 3 white onions, quartered, 8 tomatillos, peeled and washed, 4 Roma tomatoes, quartered, 8 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 pound ancho chiles, 12 pound gaujillo chiles, 2 cups hot water, to soak chiles, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 2pound flank steak], title: Red Meat Chili Enchiladas, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 24205: {instructions: Bring water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add rice, cover and simmer 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.nWhen rice is done, remove it from the stove top. To a medium skillet over medium high heat add oil and bacon and cook 3 minutes to crisp edges of bacon. Add onions and cook 3 minutes to soften. Add beans to heat through, then stir in cooked rice. Season rice and beans with cayenne sauce, salt and pepper, to your taste. Serve rice and beans from the skillet., ingredients: [1 34 cups water, 1 cup enriched white rice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil or vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 slices bacon, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 can red beans, drained, 1 tablespoon cayenne sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tex Mex Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 24206: {instructions: To clarify the butter, heat the butter in a small, heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat until it melts and froths up. Simmer it for about 5 minutes, or until the froth subsides and the butter looks clear. Dont let it burn. Strain the butter through a finemesh strainer, a triple layer of cheesecloth, or a coffee filter. Let the butter cool for 5 minutes, if the butter is too hot it will curdle the egg yolks. Combine 3 egg yolks and 3 tablespoons butter in a bowl, and whisk off heat for 1 minute, until frothy. Place yolks on stovetop over mediumlow heat and beat until thick. Meanwhile drain cooked asparagus, and toss with 1 tablespoon of butter. Remove yolks from heat, if they have not been removed already and whisk in remaining butter. Stir in the lemon juice, salt and pepper. Plate the asparagus and sauce.nBring about 6 quarts of water to a rapid boil in a covered pot large enough to hold the asparagus. Cut the bottom section usually about 1 to 2 inches off the asparagus stalks with a sharp knife. Peel the asparagus by laying them flat, one at a time, on a cutting board. If the asparagus are thinner than 12inch, use a vegetable peeler and peel the asparagus starting at the base of the tip and peeling them all the way down to the base, eliminating the fibrous peel and revealing the pale green flesh. If the asparagus are very thick or woody, use a paring knife and start peeling from the base. When ready to cook, toss the salt into the boiling water and carefully lower in the asparagus. Turn the heat to low and simmer the asparagus, uncovered, until the spears are easily penetrated with a knife, usually after about 5 minutes but from 1 minute for very thin asparagus to 12 minutes for the very thickest. If serving cold asparagus, plunge the hot cooked asparagus into ice water or rinse under cold water in a colander. Pat dry., ingredients: [Basic boiled asparagus, recipe follows 14 cups unsalted butter,, 3 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and white pepper, 2 pounds asparagus, the thicker the better, 2 tablespoons salt for boiling water], title: Hot Asparagus with Hollandaise, picturelink: null}, 24207: {instructions: In a large saute pan coated with oil, add the garlic, ginger and black beans. Stir and season. Add carrots, celery, onions, zucchini and stir. Add sambal and hoisin and continue to stir. When the mixture is cooled, mix in the rice, pork and eggs. Season with salt and black pepper. Test for seasoning by cooking a small piece in boiling water, a frying pan or even nuking it. Spray a nonstick meatloaf pan and fill with mix. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 45 to 60 minutes or until a knifepoker comes out clean.nFor the Red Wine Mushroom Gravy: In a saucepan coated with oil, caramelize the garlic, onions and mushrooms. Deglaze with red wine and reduce by 75 percent. Add the stock and soy sauce and reduce by 50 percent. Check for seasoning. Using a hand blender, puree the sauce and add the butter. Check again for seasoning. Keep warm.nPlating: Sauce the plate completely then top off with a thick slab of meatloaf.nWine Suggestion: Rabbit Ridge. California Zinfandel, Barrel Cuvee, 1997, ingredients: [Canola oil, to cook, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, rinsed and chopped, 3 carrots, peeled and 14inch dice, 4 stalks celery, 14inch dice, 2 onions, 14inch dice, 1 zucchini, 14inch dice, 1 tablespoon sambal, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 2 cups cooked long grain rice, 2 pounds ground pork, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 large onion, roughly chopped, 1 pound button mushrooms, sliced, 1 bottle dry red wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Asian Pork Meatloaf with Red WineMushroom Gravy, picturelink: null}, 24208: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat olive oil over medium heat. Add onion and peppers and saute until translucent. Add steak, tomato, bay leaf, cumin, garlic, and oregano. Stir to combine and cook for 25 minutes.nServe with white rice, black beans, and sweet fried plantains., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, julienned, 1 green pepper, julienned, 1 red pepper, julienned, 1 12 pounds sliced flank steak, 1 ripe tomato, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, White rice, for serving, Black beans, for serving, Fried plantains, for serving], title: Bongos Ropa Vieja, picturelink: null}, 24209: {instructions: Combine the lentils, tomato, 2 cloves of garlic, ginger, serrano chile, turmeric and 6 cups water in a large saucepan. Bring to a high simmer and cook, occasionally whisking vigorously, until the lentils are tender and begin to fall apart and the mixture is like a thin porridge, 15 to 18 minutes. Add the spinach to the pan in batches and stir until wilted. Add the lemon juice and 1 12 teaspoons of salt. Remove from the heat.nMelt the butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the remaining clove of garlic and the cumin seeds and mustard seeds. Swirl until the garlic and is golden and fragrant, about 3 minutes.nPour the lentils into a large serving bowl and drizzle with the garlic butter. Serve hot., ingredients: [One 2inch piece ginger, finely chopped, 1 serrano chile, thinly sliced, remove seeds for less heat, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 5 ounces baby spinach about 4 tightly packed cups, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon brown mustard seeds, 1 pound split orange lentils masoor dal, picked through and rinsed about 2 14 cups, 1 medium tomato, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced], title: SpinachandGarlic Lentils, picturelink: UuUHzJb4O4KaszivLFq2eq9OYVzmjQ6}, 24210: {instructions: Chop pepper salad or giardiniera in a food processor with olives. Split bread and drizzle bread with extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle with chopped rosemary. Spread the olive salad on the bottom of the bread very liberally. Pile the meats on top of the olive salad, then layer cheese over meat and cover the giant sandwich with the bread top. Press down to set the sandwich, then cut into 4 wedges., ingredients: [12 cup hot pepper salad or giardiniera, Italian hot pickled vegetables cauliflower, carrots, olives, celery and peppers found in bulk bins near specialty olives or in jars on Italian foods aisle, 12 cup pitted Sicilian green olives or other good quality large pitted green olives, A drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, a couple of sprigs or, 1 teaspoon dried, 13 palm full, 1 large round loaf crusty bread, 10 to 12 inches, 14 pound sliced Genoa salami or sweet sopressata, 14 pound sliced capacola spicy ham, 14 pound sliced provolone], title: Miss Rachaels Muffuletta, picturelink: ymeIncs7dt2553OGq0bbj6ZdPCRckm2}, 24211: {instructions: Place a 10inch cast iron skillet over medium low heat for 5 minutes.nWhile the pan is heating, grate the potato on the largest hole of a box grater. Squeeze the grated potatoes in a tea towel to remove excess moisture.nAdd the fat to the pan and scatter evenly with the potatoes. Sprinkle with salt and cook for 5 minutes without disturbing. Decrease the heat to low, flip the potatoes, and cook for another 5 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ounces Idaho or Russet potatoes, scrubbed, rinsed but not peeled, Pinch kosher salt, 1 tablespoon bacon fat], title: Man Hash Browns, picturelink: null}, 24212: {instructions: Make the Filling: In a bowl, combine the figs with 4 tablespoons of brandy and let soak overnight or up to 4 weeks.nIn a food processor, combine the soaked figs, the remaining 2 tablespoons brandy, and all the remaining filling ingredients. Process until chopped and well combined. Alternatively, run all the ingredients through a meat grinder. Some Italian women bring their filling ingredients to the butcher and have him grind it for them. Keep chilled until ready to use.nMake the Pastry: In a food processor, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt and pulse to mix. Add the butter and pulse until it looks like fine crumbs. In a small bowl, whisk together the 2 eggs and milk. While the motor in running, pour the liquid through the feed tube until just combined and a dough is formed. Form the dough into a disk and chill 30 minutes.nOn a floured work surface, roll out the dough 18inch thick. With a sharp knife or pizza cutter, cut out large 3inch long almond shaped pieces from the dough. Transfer the pieces to a sheet pan then chill.nTo form the cookies, have ready the filling, the chilled dough pieces, the egg wash with a pastry brush, and a sharp knife. Paint the edges of the dough pieces with egg wash and place 1 teaspoon of filling shaped into an oval in the center of half the pieces. Top each with a second piece of dough and carefully pinch the edges together to seal. Trim the excess dough from around the edges.nMake each dough package look like a bird or fish, by shaping and cutting decorative lines. You can split 1 end to look like a tail, carve rows of lines to look like feathers or fins, cut a curved line for the gills or beak opening, and a hole for the eye. There are many different shapes theyre made into, such as wreaths, slippers, and crescents. Rechill the cookiesnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush the cookies with the egg wash. Bake the cookies until lightly golden brown, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile make the Icing: In a bowl, whisk together all the ingredients.nToss the cookies with the icing while theyre still hot and sprinkle with the colored sprinkles, or leave them plain. The icing makes the cookies look like porcelain when theyre done., ingredients: [8 ounces dried figs, chopped, 6 tablespoons brandy, 1 8ounce jar honey, 2 ounces raisins, 2 ounces dates, 2 ounces dried cherries, 2 ounces citron or candied pineapple, 1 cup walnut pieces, toasted, 1 cup whole, blanched almonds, toasted, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 pinches ground clove, Rind of 1 lemon remove any white pith, Rind of 1 orange remove any white pith, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 34 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons butter, chilled and cut into small pieces, 3 eggs 1 whisked with 1 teaspoon water, to make an egg wash, 14 cup milk, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 to 2 tablespoons milk, Colored sprinkles, or small dots], title: FigStuffed Cookies: Cuccidati Italian, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 24213: {instructions: Place the olives, garlic, capers, anchovies and lemon zest in food processor. Process until well mixed together. Stop machine and scrape down ingredients. Turn back on and drizzle in olive oil until a paste is formed. You should add enough oil to bind the mixture, but not too much so as to make it oily. Taste for seasoning. Add the lemon juice and process for a few more seconds. You might want to balance it with additional garlic, capers or anchovy, if desired. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Gently loosen the skin of the chicken breasts, without removing it. Place the tapenade in a pastry bag or plastic bag with a corner snipped off, and squeeze about 1to 2 tablespoons of mixture under the skin of the chicken. Use your fingers to even it out under the skin. Heat the 2 to 3 tablespoons of pure olive oil in a nonstick saute pan over medium heat. When pan is hot, place the chicken breasts in, skin side down. Saute until golden brown. Turn them over and cook for no more than 1 minute. Remove to baking dish and season lightly with salt and pepper. Place chicken breasts in oven and finish baking until tender and cooked, approximately 15 minutes. Remove the breasts from oven and let cool to room temperature before refrigerating. May be ser, ingredients: [1 12 cups pitted Kalamata or Nicoise olives, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon capers, finely chopped, 2 anchovies, rinsed, dried and chopped, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, zest finely chopped and juice set aside, 12 cup to 34 cup pure olive oil, plus 2 to 3 tablespoons to saute chicken, 8 chicken breasts, preferably boneless with skin, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Tapenade Stuffed Chicken Breasts, picturelink: null}, 24214: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill or grill pan. Grill the pineapple slices until caramelized on both sides. Transfer pineapple slices to a cutting board. Punch out the cores with a 1 12inch round cutter. Place a scoop of vanilla ice cream in the center of the pineapple slices, then drizzle some molasses and sprinkle cinnamon sugar, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pineapple, peeled and cut into 12inch thick rounds, Cinnamon sugar, Vanilla ice cream, 2 tablespoons molasses], title: Grilled Pineapple with Molasses, picturelink: null}, 24215: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line several baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, salt, and baking soda together in a medium bowl, and set aside. In a large bowl, cream the butter and sugars with a hand held electric mixer, until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg and then the vanilla. Gradually add the dry ingredients to the creamed mixture. Stir in the chopped chocolate. To form the cookies, scoop level teaspoons of the dough and roll by hand into balls. Place the balls about 2 inches apart on the baking sheets. Flatten the dough slightly with your fingertips. Bake until light brown, about 12 minutes. If baking 2 sheets at a time, rotate the pans halfway through baking. Transfer cookies to a rack to cool., ingredients: [1 cup plus 6 tablespoons unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup unsalted butter 1 stick, at room temperature, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, room temperature, 34 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped], title: Bittersweet Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: 1TTIButs6xoDkkhdryvJNiCvsnq8Wi}, 24216: {instructions: In a large pot 8quart capacity heat 14 cup of the oil. Saute onions, celery, and carrots for about 5 minutes until onions become translucent and celery and carrots begin to soften. Add broth and bring to a simmer. Add fish, oysters, Cajun seasoning, tomatoes, bay leaves, and salt and pepper, and cook until fish becomes opaque. In a separate bowl, mix the other 12 cup of oil with the flour, and stir this mixture gently into the stew to thicken. Cook for a few minutes more to integrate flavors., ingredients: [34 cup vegetable oil, divided, 1 cup medium diced onions, 1 cup medium diced celery, 1 cup medium diced carrots, 2 quarts lobster, shrimp broth or fish stock, 1 pound catfish pieces, 1 pound shucked oysters about 6 dozen oysters in shell, 3 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 1 pint grape tomatoes, 3 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour], title: Florida Catfish Stew, picturelink: yJiXcFWc06ydNIy5w4bIMnBCutjESm}, 24217: {instructions: Wilt spinach using only the water clinging to the leaves for about 5 minutes. Cool, squeeze not too much and coarsely chop.nSaute 2 bunches of scallions, minced, in 14 stick butter 15 minutes. Add to spinach, along with 14 cup Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons dill, 2 tablespoons olive oil be liberal, nutmeg, pepper and salt to taste. Line a square baking pan with 7 sheets Phyllo pastry brushing each sheet with butter  1 12 cups in all. Add 12 spinach mixture, fold overhang over top. Repeat process with 7 more buttered sheets and remaining 12 spinach mixture. Top pan with 7 more buttered sheets and fold overhang. Brush top with butter.nCover and bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake at 400 degrees for 5 to 10 minutes.nWilt spinach using only the water clinging to the leaves for about 5 minutes. Cool, squeeze not too much and coarsely chop.nSaute 2 bunches of scallions, minced, in 14 stick butter 15 minutes. Add to spinach, along with 14 cup Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons dill, 2 tablespoons olive oil be liberal, nutmeg, pepper and salt to taste. Line a square baking pan with 7 sheets Phyllo pastry brushing each sheet with butter  1 12 cups in all. Add 12 spinach mixture, fold overhang over top. Repeat process with 7 more buttered sheets and remaining 12 spinach mixture. Top pan with 7 more buttered sheets and fold overhang. Brush top with butter.nCover and bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake at 400 degrees for 5 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 12ounce bags spinach, 2 bunches scallions, 14 cup Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons dill, 2 tablespoons olive oil be liberal, Nutmeg, pepper and salt to taste, 21 sheets Phyllo, 1 12 cups plus 14 stick of butter], title: Spanokopitta, picturelink: null}, 24218: {instructions: Remove any rinds from hard cheeses. Grate hard cheeses and cut others into 12inch cubes. Place cheese, wine, butter, herbs, and garlic in a food processor and blend until smooth, approximately 2 minutes. Serve immediately or refrigerate for at least 1 hour for a firmer consistency. This can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 pound leftover cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, 1 small clove garlic], title: Fromage Fort, picturelink: null}, 24219: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the blue cheese dressing: In a bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, buttermilk, sour cream and Worcestershire until smooth. Stir in the blue cheese crumbles, chives, salt and pepper. Taste and add more seasoning if needed. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving the flavors deepen as it chillsnFor the chicken: Heat a grill pan or heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Drizzle on a small amount of olive oil.nSalt and pepper the chicken, then grill until totally done, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and set aside to cool.nFor the salad: Arrange the Bibb, romaine and iceberg lettuce in a large bowl or on a large platter in 3 separate sections. Arrange the bacon, tomatoes, eggs and avocados in different piles. Pile the blue cheese crumbles in the center, scatter over the scallions and sprinkle the whole salad with a little black pepper.nDrizzle the blue cheese dressing all over the salad and serve., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup sour cream, 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 4 ounces blue cheese crumbles, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 dash salt, plus more if needed, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more if needed, Olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, sliced in half down the middle you should be left with 4 very thin breastshaped pieces, 2 heads Bibb lettuce, cored and leaves separated, 2 heads romaine lettuce, chopped, 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut into chunks, 1 pound crispyfried thin bacon, 8 ounces red grape tomatoes, halved, 6 hardboiled eggs, peeled and sliced, 2 avocados, diced, 13 cup blue cheese crumbles, 3 scallions, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cobb Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: 0.nYOgjWN4bSYHw2I2Z320DVjbXHgWy}, 24220: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together and generously sprinkle on chicken, ribs or pork shoulder prior to cooking., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup salt, 4 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne powder], title: Basic Barbecue Dry Rub, picturelink: null}, 24221: {instructions: Slice lobster meat from tail and claws into crosswise pieces, about 34inch thick. Spread the mayonnaise on the brioche slices, and place them in a row on your work surface. Arrange half the tomato slices, greens, bacon, and lobster between 2 slices of brioche.nTo assemble, stack the second layer on top of the first with ingredients facing up. Place the last piece of brioche, mayonnaise side down, on top of the second layer. Pierce opposite corners of the sandwichs top layer with lobster picks or decorative toothpicks. Slice the sandwich on the diagonal with a serrated knife.nIn a food processor with a metal blade, blend the zest, half the lemon juice, and egg yolks. Slowly add oil in a thin stream until mixture emulsifies and thickens. Season with remaining lemon juice, then salt and pepper, to taste.nYield: about 1 14 cups, ingredients: [12 pound lobster, steamed, shell removed, 1 tablespoon Lemon Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 3 halfinch slices brioche, toasted, 8 quarterinchthick slices plum tomato, 34 cup mixed field greens, 4 slices bacon, cooked, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup canola oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Lobster Club Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 24222: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the macaroni in boiling water for about 10 minutes until tender but still firm. Drain well and set aside.nIn a deep skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour to make a roux and cook, stirring, to remove any lumps. Pour in the milk and cook until the mixture is thick and smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in 2 cups Cheddar and continue to cook until melted. Add the cooked macaroni and stir. Transfer the mixture to a 2quart casserole dish. Bake in a preheated 350degree F oven for 20 minutes. Remove the casserole from oven, top with remaining 12cup cheese. Bake for an additional 5 minutes until hot and bubbly., ingredients: [1 pound elbow macaroni, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 cups milk, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 cups plus 12 cup shredded sharp Cheddar], title: Mammas Mac and Cheese, picturelink: HxfAh4IjndQqWx6sisjAk41vdIO8x..}, 24223: {instructions: Mix the yogurt, mustard and dill in a small bowl.nHeat 1 12 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the hash browns, sprinkle with 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper, and cook until browned, about 12 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.nHeat the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet, then add the onion, bell peppers and 14 teaspoon salt cook until golden, about 8 minutes. Add the salmon and cook, stirring occasionally, until just cooked through, about 3 minutes. Return the hash browns to the skillet to heat through, then remove from the heat and stir in 3 tablespoons of the yogurt mixture. Season with salt and pepper.nStir 1 tablespoon water into the remaining yogurt mixture and toss with the arugula in a medium bowl. Serve the salmon hash with the arugula salad, and lemon wedges, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups frozen cubed hash browns, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 bell peppers red andor green, chopped, 34 pound skinless salmon fillet, cut into 12inch pieces, 8 cups baby arugula, Lemon wedges, for serving optional], title: Salmon Hash, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 24224: {instructions: Make the Cake. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine the muffin tins with paper liners.nIn a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter until smooth. While the mixer is running, slowly add the sugar. Add the eggs one at a time, waiting for each to be incorporated before adding the next, and mix until light and fluffy.nSift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Working in batches, add the flour mixture to the buttersugar mixture, alternating with dollops of sour cream. Mix in the cranberries. Pour or spoon the batter into the prepared tins, filling them no more than 34 full.nMake the Topping: Combine the brown sugar, flour, and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Add the butter pieces and, using your fingertips, pinch the ingredients together into a sandy, crumbly mixture. Add the walnuts and mix. Sprinkle the mixture over the cakes.nBake until risen and browned, about 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes in the pan., ingredients: [8 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 stick, at room temperature, plus more for the pans, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 eggs, 2 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup dried cranberries, cherries, or raisins, 34 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts or pecans, Equipment: A few 4ounce cup muffin pans ribbed paper cupcake liners], title: Cranberry Walnut Crumb Cakes, picturelink: WE7IiKFmyLakqOyCagB71R6xJ6kFJPO}, 24225: {instructions: Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nWhisk the flour and salt together in a large bowl and set aside.nCombine the butter and granulated sugar in a separate large bowl and beat with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Beat in 4 teaspoons of water and the vanilla. Slowly mix in the flour mixture and finally, the pecans.nBreak off tablespoonful pieces of dough, roll each to form a crescent shape and arrange evenly spaced on the prepared baking sheets. Youll have leftover dough for a second batch.nBake until slightly golden on the bottoms and edges, 10 to 12 minutes. Watch very carefullybetter to undercook than overcook. Let the cookies cool on the baking sheets for a few minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely, about 10 minutes. Repeat with the remaining dough.nPut the powdered sugar in a shallow plate. Once cooled, roll each cookie in an ample amount of the sugar., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, scooped, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, 4 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup pecans, finely chopped, 1 14 cups powdered sugar], title: Pecan Crescent Cookies, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 24226: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta shells and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 12 to 13 minutes. Drain and cool.nFor the dressing: Combine the vinegar, lemon juice, salt, pepper and garlic in a small bowl. Gradually add the oil, whisking until the dressing is thick.nFor the salad: In a large bowl, combine the arugula, feta, tomatoes, salt, pepper, olives, chicken, avocado and fennel.nAdd the dressing to the salad and toss to coat.nLine each shell with a leaf of radicchio, trimming each leaf if too large for the pasta. Fill shells with salad, pressing slightly so salad will adhere. Arrange shells on a platter and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 giant pasta shells 6 ounces, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup coarsely chopped baby arugula, 12 cup diced feta cheese, 13 cup thinly sliced sundried tomatoes, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 kalamata olives, pitted and chopped, 1 cooked chicken breast, cut into 14inch pieces to yield 1 cup of meat, 12 avocado, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 14 fennel bulb, chopped into 14inch pieces, 12 radicchio leaves from 1 small head], title: Shells Filled with Chicken Chopped Salad, picturelink: 7GpvKxUlnnbin8WEmMudRZn4hphQG}, 24227: {instructions: Heat electric wok at medium high setting. Add oil and stir in scallions and garlic. Add chicken and toss to coat. Cook for 23 minutes. Add broccoli or carrots and water. Cover and steam for 4 minutes. Stir in vinegar, soy sauce and ginger. Simmer mixture for 2 minutes. Add snow peas and toss to coat. Serve with rice., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 bunch scallions, cut in one inch pieces, 1 tablespoon preminced garlic, 1 package precut chicken tenders, 1 package precut broccoli or carrots, 3 tablespoons water, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon powder ginger or 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, chopped, 14 pound snow peas, fresh or frozen], title: No More Chinese TakeOut, picturelink: null}, 24228: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine chick peas, juice of 1 lemon, oregano and parsley in food processor. Mash garlic into paste with some salt pressing under the flat part of your knife then add garlic to processor along with tahini paste. Process hummus, drizzling in olive oil, until smooth then transfer to a bowl and stir in olives, reserving a few for garnish. Serve dip with pita crisps and vegetable sticks., ingredients: [One 15ounce can chick peas, drained, 1 lemon, 1 sprig fresh oregano, leaves chopped, A handful fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Salt, 2 rounded tablespoons tahini paste, Drizzle extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup kalamata olives, well drained, coarsely chopped, 1 sack pita chips, sea salt variety recommended: Stacys, 12 seedless cucumber, cut into sticks for dipping, A medium red pepper, seeded and cut into strips for dipping], title: Greek Hummus, picturelink: XI4wvuhGwMNePWITlLkNoxEihrGFqo2}, 24229: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPlace the tomato halves fleshside up in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. In a medium bowl, whisk together 4 tablespoons of the olive oil, the confectioners sugar, red pepper flakes and 2 teaspoons salt. Spread the mixture evenly over the tomato halves. Roast the tomatoes until tender, 35 to 40 minutes.nHeat a large skillet over high heat and add half of the canola oil. When it begins to smoke lightly, add half of the poblanos and cook to tenderize without making them mushy. Using a slotted spoon, remove the peppers to a baking sheet, cavityside up. Repeat with the remaining poblanos and canola oil. Season with salt and set aside.nIn a large skillet, heat the 3 tablespoons of the olive oil and the thyme. As the oil heats, the thyme will fry and become crispy. Use a slotted spoon to remove the thyme sprigs, then season with salt and cool. Add the bell peppers to the same skillet and season with salt. Cook over high heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the peppers brown slightly but are still slightly firm, 3 to 5 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the peppers and transfer to a medium bowl. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet, heat until it begins to smoke lightly, and add the garlic and onions. Reduce the heat to medium. Season with salt and cook until the onions are lightly brown and tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the onions to the bell peppers.nQuarter the ovendried tomatoes and add to the pepper and onion mix. Chop the basil leaves and stir into the filling along with the red wine vinegar and mozzarella. Pull the thyme leaves off the stems and add to the mixture. Taste for seasoning and adjust if necessary.nIn a medium bowl, stir together the breadcrumbs, Parmesan and melted butter. Stuff each pepper halfway with the filling, and then top with the breadcrumb mixture.nHeat the peppers in the oven to brown the tops, 10 to 12 minutes. Arrange on a platter and drizzle with the balsamic vinegar to serve., ingredients: [8 ripe Roma tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 1 12 teaspoons red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 6 medium poblano peppers, halved lengthwise, ribs and seeds completely removed, 12 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 medium red bell peppers, seeded and finely diced, 3 large cloves garlic, minced, 3 medium yellow onions, finely diced, 6 sprigs fresh basil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 ounces mozzarella, cut into 1inch cubes, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, toasted, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 to 5 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar], title: Stuffed Poblano Peppers, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 24230: {instructions: Drizzle the bottom of a large stock pot with olive oil.nAdd onion, garlic, thyme, red pepper, lemon zest and saute over medium heat for about 5 minutes.nStir in the pectin, white wine, and lemon juice and bring to a full boil.nAdd the sugar and then bring back to a full boil over medium heat. Stir for 1 minute and then pull off the heat. Skim any excess foam. Ladle the mixture into warm sterilized jars. Wipe any excess jam off jars and tightly close lids. Store in the refrigerator for a month or so., ingredients: [Olive oil, 5 cups chopped sweet onions, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon thyme, 12 teaspoon red pepper, Pinch lemon zest, 1 package powdered pectin, 1 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 5 cups sugar], title: Tipsy Onion and Garlic Jam, picturelink: null}, 24231: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the asparagus and cook for 3 minutes. Transfer the asparagus to a bowl of ice water and let sit until cool, about 5 minutes. Remove from the water, remove the rubber band, and cut into 1inch pieces.nMeanwhile, add the pasta to the large pot of salted water used to cook the asparagus and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta into a large bowl. Add the Basil Aioli, cut asparagus, shaved cheese, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine and place on a long, rectangular serving dish.nPlace the butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the eggs and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Fry the eggs to your liking. Place the eggs on top of the pasta and serve immediately.nCombine the garlic, egg yolks, mustard, lemon juice, basil, salt, pepper, and cayenne in a food processor and run the machine to mix. With the machine running slowly drizzle in the vegetable and olive oil. Basil Aioli can be kept, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus, ends trimmed, rubber band left on, 1 pound linguini, 1 cup Basil Aioli, recipe follows, 1 cup shaved pecorino, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 to 6 large eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 large egg yolks See Disclaimer, 2 teaspoons mustard, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 14 cup finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Giadas Carbonara, picturelink: JDjpk9xdDjjrvxnMscaoMsXUkDjVZ1i}, 24232: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMake macaroni and cheese according to package directions. Transfer to a mediumsize baking dish or casserole dish.nMelt butter in a medium bowl on low power in the microwave. Add bread crumbs to bowl and toss to combine with butter. Sprinkle bread crumb mixture over top of macaroni and cheese. Place in oven and bake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until browned on top., ingredients: [1 package macaroni and cheese mix, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup Italianstyle bread crumbs], title: Italianstyle Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 24233: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a rimmed baking sheet and toast, tossing once, until fragrant, about 8 minutes. Let cool.nGrind the pecans to a fine powder in a food processor. Add the butter, hot sauce and honey and pulse until combined and smooth. Using a rubber spatula, turn out the butter onto a sheet of plastic wrap and form into a log. Refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours. When ready to use, cut into discs., ingredients: [14 cup pecans, 2 sticks 1 cup salted butter, soft at room temperature, 2 to 3 tablespoon hot sauce, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Honey, Hot Sauce and Pecan Compound Butter, picturelink: RHdTeUfox2ccibFR7dxphnPUyNfY5V6}, 24234: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat 9inch square baking dish with nostick cooking spray.nCUT croissants in half lengthwise. Spread each half with about 1 tablespoon preserves. Replace tops. Cut into small strips. Place in prepared baking dish. Using small spoonfuls, dab remaining preserves on top.nWHISK eggs. Whisk in sweetened condensed milk, water, butter, vanilla and cinnamon until blended. Pour over cutup croissants. Press larger pieces down into the liquid. Let set 5 minutes.nBAKE 45 to 50 minutes or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 15 minutes. May be served sprinkled with powdered sugar or with a dollop of whipped cream, if desired., ingredients: [2 extra large croissants, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Northwoods Blueberry Preserves, 3 large eggs, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 34 cup water, 2 tbsps. butter, melted, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 14 tsp. cinnamon], title: Blueberry Croissant Bread Pudding, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 24235: {instructions: Preheat 400 degrees F.nChop the pecans to the consistency of rough crumbs. Toss with the butter, sugars and cinnamon in a small bowl. Spread the mixture out onto a baking sheet and cook in the oven 7 to 10 minutes, until darkened and lightly caramelized. Set aside to cool.nRoll out the puff pastry on a floured surface to 116inch thickness. Cut the puff pastry sheet into 12 squares, approximately 3 by 3 inches. Lay out on a baking sheet and bake 15 to 20 minutes, until puffed and golden brown. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.nMelt the butter with both the sugars in a skillet over medium heat. Add the pears. Cook until pears are just tender and juices thicken to a syrup consistency, about 6 to 8 minutes.nWhip the cream, granulated sugar and vanilla in a mixing bowl until it forms soft peaks.nPlace a puff pastry square in the center of a serving bowl or plate. Top with a few pears, whipped cream and pecan pieces. Repeat this process 2 more times ending with a sprinkle of nuts., ingredients: [12 cup pecans, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 sheet store bought puff pastry, thawed recommended: Pillsbury, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 12 pounds Bosc pears, cut into 12inch slices about 6 large or 8 small, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Pecan Dusted Puff Pastry Caramelized Pear Napoleons, picturelink: p4.kRdQ0mtU78F4AYB7vmLyz.k33542}, 24236: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Arrange the tomato halves cut side up and close together on a baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper. In a small bowl, combine the 6 tablespoons olive oil, the herbs, and the garlic. Spoon a little over each tomato half, stirring the mixture as you go.nBroil until the tomatoes are soft and shriveled but still retain some moisture, 15 to 20 minutes. Timing will depend on how large, meaty and juicy the tomatoes are. Let cool completely, then peel and chop tomato halves roughly into a salsa cruda., ingredients: [24 plum Roma tomatoes, halved lengthwise, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for storing, 2 tablespoons herbes de Napa, crushed, recipe follows, 1 clove garlic minced], title: Roasted Tomatoes, picturelink: 7sS9nNQ068FHH1rYRcX1t.w2PZQ.b1K}, 24237: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks and sugar until blended. Whisk in 12 cup cream, the marsala and salt. Place the bowl over a large saucepan of simmering water do not let the bottom of the bowl touch the water. Whisk constantly until the mixture is thick and a thermometer inserted into the center registers 160 to 170 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Place the bowl on a work surface and add the chocolate chips. Whisk until the chocolate chips are melted and the mixture is smooth. Can be made 1 hour in advance. Let stand at room temperature. Whisk before using.nWhisk the remaining 13 cup cream and the mascarpone in another medium bowl until thick. Dice the cake into small cubes. Place about 12 cup of the cake cubes into each of 6 oldfashioned glasses or water goblets. Spoon 2 heaping tablespoons of zabaglione on top. Top with a dollop of the mascarpone mixture. Repeat the layers. Wrap any leftover cake cubes in plastic wrap and freeze. Top with white chocolate curls and serve., ingredients: [6 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 13 cup sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, plus 13 cup heavy cream, chilled, 12 cup sweet marsala wine, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 23 cup 4 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 13 cup mascarpone, at room temperature, 1 storebought chocolate cake mix, such as Betty Crocker Super Moist Dark Chocolate, baked according to box instructions, One 3.5ounce bar white chocolate, such as Lindt, for chocolate curls], title: Chocolate Zabaglione Tiramisu, picturelink: 31uinkinxWMkGMN3Ef5Gbs1VUs5dzAe}, 24238: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat an outdoor grill or grill pan to high. If cooking indoors, char the peppers over an open gas flame on the stove top or under a hot broiler. Char the peppers until blackened all over, then put them in bowl and cover with plastic wrap to cool. If cooking outside, char peppers over the hot area of the grill.nMeanwhile, in food processor combine the wine, rosemary, red pepper flakes, garlic and mustard. With the processor running, slowly stream in the extravirgin olive oil to make a marinade. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the chicken to a resealable plastic bag and pour in 13 of the marinade and turn to coat. Add the mushrooms and onions to a small bowl and pour in the remaining marinade.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and grill for 12 minutes. Grill the mushrooms and onions until tender, about 8 to 10 minutes and char the tomatoes the last 3 to 4 minutes of cook time.nRemove the chicken from the grill to a cutting board and slice on an angle. Serve 1 12 thighs per person or 1 breast per person. Pile the chicken on the roll bottoms.nTop the chicken with smoked cheese and sliced grilled mushrooms and onions, and squished firecharred tomato. Peel, seed and chop the peppers and put them on top of the tomato. Sprinkle with a little parsley and cover with the roll tops.nIf youre felling ambitious, you can puree the peppers in food processor to make them saucy. Serve the panini with olive oil potato chips alongside., ingredients: [2 large red peppers, 13 cup dry red wine, 3 to 4 stems rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 large cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 boneless, skinless chicken thighs or 4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 large or 4 medium portobello mushroom caps, 1 large sweet onion or red onion, thickly sliced, 4 plum tomatoes, 8 thin slices smoked fresh mozzarella cheese, 4 ciabatta rolls, split, A handful flatleaf parsley, Olive oil potato chips], title: Grilled Cacciatore Panini, picturelink: 2eDcprE.bdxiTahJhX9Q3OKeh4GY35q}, 24239: {instructions: Soak the chiles in boiling water until softened, about 10 minutes. Drain and puree with the marjoram, oregano, garlic, onequarter of the chopped onion and the pineapple juice in a blender until smooth. Add 1 12 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Blend to combine.nCombine the pork and the marinade with a fork in a large bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPreheat the broiler. Divide the pork mixture into 6 equal portions. Shape each portion into a 34inchthick patty. Lightly oil a rimmed baking sheet place the patties on the baking sheet and broil until slightly charred and cooked through, about 9 minutes per side. Transfer the burgers to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm. Let rest about 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, lightly oil another rimmed baking sheet, add the pineapple and broil until slightly charred, about 2 minutes per side.nSpread about 1 teaspoon mayonnaise on the cut sides of each bun and broil them until the mayonnaise has melted, about 2 minutes. Place the burgers on the bottom halves of the buns. Top with the pineapple, cilantro, the remaining chopped onion and the bun tops.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [6 dried guajillo chile peppers, stemmed and seeded, 2 teaspoons crumbled dried marjoram, 2 teaspoons crumbled dried oregano, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 small white onion, chopped, 12 cup sweetened pineapple juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds ground pork, Vegetable oil, for the baking sheets, 12 pineapple, peeled, cored and sliced into 14inchthick rounds, 13 cup mayonnaise, 6 sesame hamburger buns, 1 cup fresh cilantro], title: Burgers al Pastor, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 24240: {instructions: Combine the ricotta, cilantro and 1 clove garlic in a medium bowl and season with salt.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the onion and cook without stirring until lightly browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir and continue cooking until the onion begins to soften, about 2 minutes. Add the chiles, spinach in batches and cumin and cook, stirring, until the spinach begins to wilt. Add the remaining 2 cloves garlic and cook until the spinach is completely wilted, about 3 more minutes. Season with salt transfer to a bowl and keep warm.nWarm the tortillas in a dry skillet or wrap in a damp towel and microwave 1 to 2 minutes. Divide the spinach mixture among the tortillas, top with the ricotta mixture and a spoonful of salsa verde and fold. Serve with more salsa.nPer serving: Calories 315 Fat 12 g Saturated 5 g Cholesterol 29 mg Sodium 381 mg Carbohydrate 43 g Fiber 9 g Protein 12 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [18 ounces ricotta preferably fresh, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 white onion, sliced into 12inchthick rings, 2 4ounce cans sliced green chile peppers, drained, 2 bunches fresh spinach about 1 pound, stemmed, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 8 to 12 corn tortillas, Salsa verde, for serving], title: RicottaSpinach Tacos, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 24241: {instructions: Heat the vinegar water with sugar in a small pot over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then add salt and stir until the sugar and the salt are dissolved. Reduce the heat to low.nPut the shallots, mint and parsley in food processor and pulse to finely chop, then transfer the mixture to a small storage container. Pour the hot brine over the shallot mixture. Cover the container with a lid and refrigerate until ready to serve or let stand at room temperature until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 cup white balsamic vinegar, 12 cup water, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 3 large shallots, coarsely chopped, 1 cup loosely packed mint leaves, 12 cup flatleaf parsley], title: Mint and Shallot Sauce for Lamb, picturelink: null}, 24242: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nFor the cake: Grease and flour a 9inch tube cake pan. Cream the butter and sugar until light and smooth. Add the eggs and vanilla extract, beating well. Mix in the vanilla wafer crumbs, coconut and pecans. Pour into the pan and bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Allow the cake to cool in the pan for 10 minutes before turning out onto a rack.nFor the glaze: Mix the sugar, cornstarch, salt, lemon zest and juice, 1 12 cups of water and coconut in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring until thickened, for about 15 minutes. Let cool slightly, then using a toothpick, poke several holes in the top of the cake and drizzle the glaze over the cake., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks butter, room temperature, plus more for greasing, Flour, for dusting pan, 2 cups sugar, 6 large eggs, room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, One 12ounce box vanilla wafers, finely crushed, One 6ounce package frozen or fresh grated coconut, thawed, 12 cup chopped pecans, 2 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Pinch of salt, Grated zest of 2 large lemons, 14 cup fresh lemon juice about 2 large lemons, One 6ounce package frozen or fresh grated coconut, thawed], title: Grandma Yearwoods Coconut Cake with Coconut Lemon Glaze, picturelink: SpOqtvsVIOBwW39YDC9c2HQUO2AdFu}, 24243: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the carrots and parsnips with olive oil, salt, the honey and cayenne. Put them on a sheet tray and roast for 20 to 25 minutes.nToss the radicchio with olive oil and salt and place on a small sheet tray. Add to the oven with the carrots and parsnips for 10 minutes.nCombine the carrots, parsnips and radicchio and toss with the chives. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 bunches baby carrots, peeled and tops removed, 4 parsnips, peeled and cut lengthwise to the same size as the carrots, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 large head radicchio, cut into eighths, 1 bunch fresh chives, cut into 2inch lengths], title: Roasted Baby Carrots and Parsnips with Wilted Radicchio, picturelink: HPLG0mM2zEesA4aSD91wblWJ.yK7D6}, 24244: {instructions: Combine 7 cups of water and the salt in a medium pot and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Gradually add the polenta, whisking as you pour. Keep whisking until the polenta starts to thicken and looks like its one with the water, about 2 minutes. Turn the heat to low the polenta should steam and tremble, but only rarely erupt with bubbles and cook, stirring every now and again, until the polenta is tender but still coarse in texture, about 45 minutes.nStir in the olive oil, kale puree, and most of the Parmesan and keep cooking, stirring occasionally, for a few minutes more. Take the pot off the heat and fold in 2 tablespoons of the mascarpone its nice to run into a little pocket of mascarpone, so dont stir too much. Top with the remaining mascarpone and Parmesan, and as much black pepper as youd like.nPut 4 of the garlic cloves in a medium pot, fill it with water, cover, and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Add enough kosher salt so that the water tastes slightly salty and add the kale, prodding to submerge it. Cook uncovered until the kale is tender and tears easily, 2 to 3 minutes.nFish out the boiled garlic cloves from the pot and reserve them. Drain the kale in a colander and when its cool enough to handle, squeeze out as much water as you can. Roughly chop the kale, the boiled garlic, and the raw garlic.nCombine the kale, garlic, and Maldon salt in a food processor. Process, stopping occasionally to prod and stir, for about 45 seconds, then add the oil and process, stirring once or twice, to a fairly smooth puree. Whenever I make this at one of my restaurants, I use a Vitaprep to make the puree silky smooth, but I like a slightly coarse puree too.nThe puree keeps in an airtight container in the fridge for up to 5 days., ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon Maldon or another flaky sea salt, 2 cups coarse stoneground polenta, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup Kale Puree, recipe follows, 2 ounces Parmesan cheese, finely grated, 3 tablespoons mascarpone, Coarsely ground black pepper, 5 medium garlic cloves, peeled, Kosher salt, 1 pound Tuscan kale, thick stems removed about 12 pound after trimming, 1 teaspoon Maldon or another flaky sea salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Kale Polenta, picturelink: gXCQvPUhb6v0gvxe9VyoecGVBOL3tKe}, 24245: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a mezzaluna a curved knife with a handle on each end, optionalnFor the roasted garlic: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a ramekin, add the olive oil and garlic. Roast until the oil begins to bubble and the garlic becomes a very light golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer the garlic to a large bowl and put half of the oil in a large pan. Reserve the rest of the oil in the ramekin for garnishing.nFor the dip: In the large pan with the garlicinfused oil, add the eggplant, onion and paprika you may have to do this in batches. Turn to mediumhigh heat and cook, tossing, until all sides of the eggplant are lightly golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes per batch. Transfer everything in the pan, bits and all, to the large bowl with the awaiting garlic.nUsing a mezzaluna, chop the contents of the bowl until broken down but still a bit chunky. Sure you can do this in a food processor, but it may lose the texture if overpulsed. You can also chop all of this on a cutting board, then scrape everything back into the large bowl. Add the parsley, yogurt and lemon zest and juice to the bowl. Stir to combine, taste and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until cool.nIf traveling with this to a swanky party, wait to garnish until just before serving at your hosts place. Transfer the dip into a serving bowl, make a nice swirl with the back of a spoon and pour over the remaining garlicinfused olive oil. Sprinkle over the chopped parsley and serve with assorted pita chips, grissini and flatbread crisps., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, 3 eggplant, peeled, seeded and cut into chunks, 14 cup grated onion use a box grater on the largest side, 12 teaspoon hot Hungarian paprika, 14 cup loosely packed chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup Greek yogurt, Zest of 1 lemon plus 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, For serving: assorted pita chips, grissini and flatbread crisps], title: Sunnys Easy Eggplant Dip, picturelink: lWR5LEaYlt50ke07sZUqk73ZdlUT2u}, 24246: {instructions: Heat the oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook until well browned, stirring often. Remove the beef from the skillet. Pour off any fat.nReduce the heat to medium. Add the onion to the skillet and cook until its tender.nStir the soup and paprika in the skillet and heat to a boil. Stir in the sour cream. Return the beef to the skillet and cook until the beef is cooked through. Serve the beef mixture over the noodles. Sprinkle with the parsley.nServing Suggestion: Serve with sauteed spinach with garlic and crusty French bread. For dessert serve a fresh apple  raisin cup: cubed, cored apples mixed with raisins.nCost per recipe: 8.33, ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 boneless beef sirloin steak or beef top round steak, 34inch thick about 1 pound, cut into thin strips, 1 medium onion, chopped about 12 cup, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Mushroom Soup Regular, 98 Fat Free or Healthy Requestu00ae, 12 teaspoon paprika, 13 cup sour cream or plain yogurt, 4 cups whole wheat or regular egg noodles, cooked and drained, Chopped fresh parsley], title: Beef Stroganoff, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 24247: {instructions: Heat stock to a simmer and reduce by half.nAdd remaining ingredients, except vinegar, liqueur, butter, and seasoning, to the reduced stock and heat to simmer. Cook until desired flavor and consistency are achieved.nAdd vinegar, liqueur, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Skim off any impurities, and adjust consistency as needed.nStrain through a fine sieve into a clean saucepan. Add the butter, stirring constantly, not letting the sauce come to a boil, immediately before serving., ingredients: [16 ounces brown duck stock, 10 ounces demiglace, heated to a boil, 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced, 6 ounces honey, 1 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 4 ounces orange juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 14 ounces balsamic vinegar, 5 ounces hazelnut liqueur, 3 ounces butter, whole, cut into pieces, Salt and ground white pepper], title: Northern Italian Sweet and Sour Duck Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24248: {instructions: In a bowl, mix together the soy, garlic, ginger, scallions, honey, Dijon, wine and oil. Toss with pork to coat well and let marinate for at least 4 hours, refrigerated. Pull the pork out of the marinade. Place marinade in a small saucepan and bring to a boil and reduce by 25 to 30 percent. Meanwhile, in a large, hot saute pan coated lightly with oil, pan sear the pork until brown on all sides, about 10 to12 minutes total. Glaze the pork every 3 to 4 minutes with the reduced marinade. In a large bowl, mix together the eggplant, zucchini, pepper, onion, sweet potato and fennel. Toss lightly with oil, season and place on hot grill. Cook vegetables until done, chop into 1inch pieces and check for flavor.nPLATING: On a dinner plate using an oring mold 3inch diameter by 2 inches tall or a tuna fish can fill with grilled veggies. Cut each tenderloin into 3 petit fillets and drizzle with reduced marinade.nWINE: Rosemont GSM, Australia, ingredients: [12 cup naturally brewed soy sauce, 2 tablespoons garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ginger, minced, 4 scallions, sliced, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup red wine, 14 cup canola oil, 4 pork tenderloins, silver skinned removed, 1 Japanese eggplant, cut in half, lengthwise, 1 zucchini, cut in thirds lengthwise, 1 red bell pepper, cut in half, deseeded, 1 large red onion, peeled and cut into 12inch slices, 2 large sweet potatoes, skin on, washed and cut into 12inch slices, 1 fennel, decored, cut in thirds, lengthwise, Salt and black pepper, to taste, Canola oil, for cooking], title: HoneyMustard Glazed Pork Tenderloin with Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 24249: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the blueberries, granulated sugar, 13 cup flour, cinnamon and lemon juice in a bowl. Place the filling in the Monument Cafe All Butter Pie Crust.nCombine the remaining 34 cup flour, brown sugar and butter and mix to a coarse meal. Scatter over top of the pie.nBake the pie until the juices thicken and the pie is golden brown, about 50 minutes. Tent the pie with foil if needed to prevent overbrowning. Let the pie rest 30 minutes prior to serving.nCombine the flour, baking powder, sugar and salt in the bowl of a food processor and pulse to combine. Add the cold butter cubes and pulse until a coarse meal. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and make a well in the center of the mixture. Add 14 cup ice water strain the cubes and toss the mixture, adding more water if needed to bring the dough together. Divide the dough in half and roll out on a floured surface. Makes 2 crusts., ingredients: [1 14 cups fresh or frozen blueberries, 12 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup plus 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 Monument Cafe All Butter Pie Crust, recipe follows, 13 cup brown sugar, 13 cup cold butter, cut into pieces, 1 stick 8 tablespoons cold butter, cubed, 14 to 13 cup ice water, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, Dash salt], title: Monument Cafe Blueberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 24250: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a rimmed baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray.nUse paper towels to pat the whole fish dry. Score the skin of each branzino by making two shallow cuts on a slight diagonal on each side of the fish. Season each branzino inside and out with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.nSlice 1 tangerine crosswise into 8 rounds discard any seeds. Halve and squeeze the other tangerine to get 14 cup juice.nStuff the cavity of each branzino with the sliced tangerine, oregano sprigs and rosemary sprigs. Close the belly slightly around the filling and tie loosely with a piece of butchers string to help hold the filling inside.nHeat a large, ovensafe skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil and swirl to coat the pan. Working one at a time, place the fish in the pan and allow it to sear for 3 minutes, pressing down gently to ensure even browning and crispness. Reduce the heat to medium and cook until the first side is goldenbrown and crisp, 1 to 2 minutes longer, then flip the fish and repeat on the other side until the fish is goldenbrown and crisp, about 4 minutes.nTransfer the fish to the prepared baking sheet. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil to the pan and repeat with the other fish. Place the baking sheet in the oven and cook until the fish are cooked through and the flesh is flaky, about 8 minutes. Remove the fish from the oven and untie and discard the string. Let the fish to rest for 4 minutes.nWhile the fish rests, in a small bowl whisk together the Dijon mustard, chopped oregano, tangerine juice, 14 teaspoon salt and 4 teaspoons olive oil. While the fish is still warm, drizzle the vinaigrette over the fish and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, Two 1 14pound branzino, gutted and scaled see Cooks Note, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tangerines or 2 small oranges, 4 sprigs fresh oregano, plus 12 teaspoon chopped, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 14 cup plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon Dijon mustard], title: Tangerine and Herb Branzino, picturelink: xFZK95KntynCTuXEntsZSre0WqrCsH6}, 24251: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd the flour, salt, and powdered sugar to a food processor and pulse to combine. Add in the vanilla, the butter and the 1 teaspoon of water. Pulse together just until a dough is formed. Put the dough on a sheet of plastic wrap and roll into a log, about 2 12 inches in diameter and 5 inches long. Tightly twist each end of the wrap in opposite directions. Chill the dough in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes.nSlice the log into 13inch thick disks. Arrange on nonstick cookie sheets, parchment lined or silpat lined baking sheets, 2 inches apart. Bake until the edges are just light brown, about 12 to 14 minutes, rotating the pans half way through the baking process. Remove from the oven and let cool on the cookie sheets for 5 minutes. Transfer to wire racks and cool until room temperature. EnjoynVariations:nPulse together the tea with the flour and salt in a food processor just until the tea is in small pieces evenly distributed throughout the flour. Then add the powdered sugar, vanilla, the butter and the 1 teaspoon of water. Continue as instructed above.nPulse the toasted and chopped pecans into the dough and then shape into a flattened round disk. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour. On a flour dusted surface, roll the dough out to approximately 13inch thick. If the dough is too hard to roll or begins to crack, let it rest at room temperature for a few minutes until pliable. With a sharp knife, cut the dough into rectangle shapes about 1 by 3inches. Arrange on the prepared baking sheets and follow the cooking instructions as above. Dust slightly cooled cookies with powdered sugar through a fine mesh strainer., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into chunks, 1 teaspoon water, 2 tablespoons loose chai tea, or from approximately 6 tea bags, 12 cup toasted and chopped pecans, Plus extra powdered sugar, for dusting finished cookies], title: Classic Shortbread Cookies in 4 Ingredients with added 1 ingredient Variations, picturelink: ADw0RaQ8ERnzhe.eJSA8oBofqrFJnVa}, 24252: {instructions: In a large 12inch saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of oil over medium heat. Salt and pepper both sides of the fish. Sprinkle the mustard seeds evenly on the skin side of the fish. Dust skin of each filet with a scant amount of flour. Saute the fish, skin side down, until golden brown. Flip the fish over adding more oil as necessary. Remove from the heat. Paint the skin with a smear of Dijon mustard. Sprinkle each fillet with one tablespoon of fresh bread crumbs and one tablespoon of whole butter. Set fish on a small sheet pan. Preheat broiler. Place the fish under the broiler until the crumbs are nice and brown and the fish is cooked just through. Spritz with lemon.nPlace the fillet of fish on a plate. Serve with a piece of bacon and a spoon of the braising liquid. A spoon of the Chutney goes well on the bacon. Spoon a couple tablespoons of the Fish Sauce and some All English, All American frites french fries, gaufrettes, etc..nGenerously salt the fresh bacon. In a heavy bottom saucepan, cook the sugar and one cup of water over medium high heat. Cook the sugar until it becomes an amber, caramel color. Add the fish sauce and remaining water. In a small roasting pan, place the bacon and caramelized liquid. Cover tightly with aluminum foil, and bake in a moderate oven 325 to 350 degrees for approximately 2 12 to 3 hours. The bacon should be tender when a knife is inserted. Allow the bacon to cool, then slice it into 13inch slices. The bacon should be heated in the liquid braising when ready to serve.nCombine all ingredients. Cook over medium heat for approximately 40 minutes. Will keep in the refrigerator for several weeks.nIn a large saucepan, place all the fish bones, leeks, celery, parsley and peppercorns. Sweat together in oil for three to four minutes. Deglaze with white wine. Add enough water just to cover bones, approximately three cups. Simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours, then strain. In a one quart saucepan, heat the stock and reduce to one cup of liquid. Add the heavy cream, and reduce by 13. Whisk in the butter. Season with salt and pepper to taste and a spritz of lemon., ingredients: [14 cup clarified butter, grapeseed oil, or olive oil, Salt and pepper, Four 7ounce fillets of haddock, skin on, 1 tablespoon mustard seed, Flour for dusting, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup fresh bread crumbs, 4 tablespoons softened butter, 1 whole lemon, Tender Bacon, recipe follows, Chutney, recipe follows, Fish Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 12 to 2 inches of fresh bacon or pork belly, 34 cup sugar, 1 quart water, 34 cup Vietnamese fish sauce, Nan Pla, 3 tablespoons Colemans mustard, 5 peeled Granny Smith apples, largely diced, 5 plum tomatoes, 2 small onions, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 15 dates or prunes, chopped, 2 cups golden raisins, 2 tablespoons ginger, chopped, 1 12 cups white vinegar, added 12 cup at a time, 3 12 cups brown sugar, Bouquet garni  5 peppercorns, 4 coriander, 5 allspice, celery seed, pinch mace, fennel seed, mustard seed, 2 bay leaves, and 2 tablespoons salt Works well through a coffee filter, 2 haddock carcasses, 1 small halibut bone, 1 leek, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 stalk celery, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 sprigs of parsley, 6 peppercorns, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil or olive oil, 1 cup white wine, Approximately 3 cups of water, 13 cup heavy cream, 8 tablespoons whole butter, Salt and pepper to taste, Spritz of lemon], title: Haddock Caught Off Gloucester with Tender Bacon and Colemans Mustard Chutney, picturelink: null}, 24253: {instructions: Dip eggplant rounds in the flour, the egg and then in the bread crumbs and transfer to a sheet pan and arrange in a single layer. In a skillet heat 14inch of olive oil and cook eggplant in batches, adding more olive oil to pan when necessary, until golden brown on both sides. Transfer cooked eggplant to paper towellined sheet pan to drain and season with salt and pepper. Spread warm marinara sauce in bottom of baking dish and alternate layers of eggplant, marinara sauce, basil, salt and pepper, grated Parmesan cheese and Mozzarella slices, ending with the Mozzarella on top. Bake in a preheated 350 F oven, uncovered, for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 medium eggplant, cut into 12inch rounds, 12 cup flour, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 14 cups seasoned dry bread crumbs, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, 12 cup olive oil, 3 cups Marinara sauce, heated, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced, Salt and pepper, 34 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 12 pound Mozzarella, thinly sliced], title: Eggplant Parmigiana, picturelink: null}, 24254: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Please Dont Tell My Rabbi Eggs Benedict, picturelink: WTlSEXyioRXMln3K21CfN2jsxoxeIS}, 24255: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk the eggs until well blended. Add the sugar and mix in then add the vanilla, nutmeg, cinnamon, butter, and cream. Lay the bread cubes in a 8 by 8 inch square baking dish, sprinkle the nuts and raisins around, and then pour the custard over the bread. Cover the dish and let it soak overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cover the dish with foil and poke holes in it. Bake until bread pudding souffled up, about 40 minutes then remove the foil, and bake another 10 minutes to brown lightly.nFor the sauce, in a saucepan heat the cream, sugar, cinnamon, and butter together until almost boiling. Meanwhile, mix the cornstarch with the whiskey and stir it into the hot liquid. Bring just to a boil to thicken it.nTo serve, pour a few spoonfuls of the whiskey sauce on a dessert plate. Scoop out the desired portion size of the pudding, placing it on the sauced plate. Dust the pudding with powdered sugar and finish it off with a dollop of whipped cream.nNotes about the recipe: This is a restaurant recipe so uses leftover bread. Save the crusts and dry them in a low oven, then grind them in a food processor to make bread crumbs., ingredients: [5 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, 8 tablespoons butter, cut up, 2 cups cream, 1 12inch loaf French bread, crusts removed and sliced into 1inch cubes, 14 cup raisins, 12 cup pecans, chopped, 1 cup cream, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 5 tablespoons whiskey, Powdered sugar, for dusting, Whipped cream, optional], title: Whiskey Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 24256: {instructions: Brush prawns and walleye with olive oil. Sprinkle with Old Bay Seasoning, salt, and pepper. Thread 3 prawns on each skewer. Cut the fish into 12 pieces. Set aside.nHeat about 2 to 3 inches of oil in a large saucepan until it registers 375 degrees F on a deep frying thermometer. In 2 to 3 batches drop the salad greens into the oil and fry for a few seconds, until bright green and crisp. Drain on a paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nPreheat a gas or electric grill or a broiler. Grill the shrimp and fish until just cooked through. Set aside. To serve pack the some of the wild rice into a 12 cup ramekin. Invert the ramekin into the center of a large rimmed soup plate, to set the rice in the center of the bowl. Repeat with the remaining rice, to make a total of 6 servings. Ladle hot saffron broth around the rice, making sure to distribute the leeks, fennel, and carrots around the entire bowl. Place 2 pieces of fish at offset angles on top of the rice, pile a small amount of fried greens on top of the fish. Lean skewered prawns against fish. Sprinkle with the herbs and serve immediately.nIn a medium soup pot combine, leeks, fennel, and wine. Bring to a simmer and cook until the mixture is almost dry. Add the seafood stock and saffron simmer for 5 to 10 minutes or until the flavors are well incorporated. Add the carrots and cook until crisp tender, about 1 minute. Set aside., ingredients: [18 large prawns, shelled and deveined, 1 12 pounds walleye pike fillets, skinless, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Old Bay Seasoning, to taste, 6 bamboo skewers soaked in water for 12 hour, Oil, for deepfrying, 2 cups mesclun salad mix, very dry, Salt and pepper, to taste, 3 cups cooked wild rice, warm, 2 teaspoon each minced chives, tarragon, parsley and chervil, 1 medium leek, julienned, 12 fennel, cored, julienned, 12 cup white wine, 5 cups seafood stock, or 2 12 cups clam broth and 2 12 cups chicken broth, 12 teaspoon saffron, 1 medium carrot, very finely diced], title: Grilled Walleye Pike and Jumbo Prawns in Saffron Fennel Broth with Fried Greens and Minnesota Wild Rice, picturelink: null}, 24257: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSwirl the chocolate syrup around in a glass all fancylike. Place the ice cream on the bottom and pour the cold stout slowly into the glass. Top with whipped cream, crushed chocolate candies and Jacked Cherries if using. Serve with a straw, a long spoon and a shot of whisky, if desired.nBring the whisky and sugar to a gentle simmer in a small saucepan and simmer until the sugar is dissolved. Pour the mixture over the cherries in a mason jar and let it sit in the fridge overnight., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chocolate syrup, 2 scoops cherry chocolate chip ice cream about 1 cup, 1 can stout beer, such as Guinness, chilled, Whipped cream, from da can, as desired, Crushed chocolate candies, such as M and Ms, as desired, Jacked Cherries, recipe follows, as desired, optional, 1 shot whisky, such as Jack Daniels, optional, 1 cup favorite whisky, such as Jack Daniels, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 cup dried cherries], title: Choco CherryStout Ice Cream Float, picturelink: ju7FGWPgI.biBYh.9vowkVb4gyGo0Xa}, 24258: {instructions: Using a juice machine, juice celery stalks. Flavor with butter, salt and pepper, thin by adding water., ingredients: [6 bunches of celery, Butter, Salt and pepper], title: Easy Celery Stock, picturelink: null}, 24259: {instructions: Prepare a charcoal or gas grill, arranging the coals for direct cooking. Lightly spray the grill rack with vegetable oil spray. The coals should be quite hot.nDrizzle both sides of the steaks with olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nPlace the steaks on the prepared grill, and cook about 8 minutes per side for rare, 10 minutes per side for medium rare. Let the meat rest 1 to 2 minutes before cutting., ingredients: [2 2 12inch boneless New York strip steaks about 1 12 pounds each, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Perfect Steak, picturelink: null}, 24260: {instructions: Place 1 slice of bread on working surface. Place 2 slices of prosciutto and 2 slices of mozzarella on top of bread. Place another slice of bread on top. Trim the crusts. Cut in half forming 2 rectangles and place 2 toothpicks through each of the rectangular sandwiches to hold together. Repeat using other 2 slices of bread, mozzarella, and prosciutto. Dredge each spedini in flour then dip in egg, covering all sides. Heat about 3 inches of vegetable oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Place spedini in pan and fry on both sides until brown. Place on serving plates and remove the toothpicks., ingredients: [4 slices white bread, 4 slices prosciutto, 4 slices mozzarella, Flour, for dredging, 2 large eggs beaten, Vegetable oil], title: Spedini, picturelink: null}, 24261: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSaute peaches in butter, then add vanilla bean and sugar, and flambe with brandy.nMix all dry ingredients with the melted butter, buttermilk, and vanilla until a dough is formed. Fill ovenproof dish with peach mixture, top with biscuit mixture, then bake for 15 to 20 minutes at 375 degrees until golden brown.nServe with vanilla ice cream, garnish with fresh peach and raspberry puree., ingredients: [2 peaches, diced, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 vanilla bean, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup brandy, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cornmeal, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter melted, 13 cup buttermilk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Peach Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 24262: {instructions: For the pot roast: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSprinkle the beef chuck liberally with 1 tablespoon salt and 2 teaspoons pepper. Heat a large saute pan over high heat until it smokes. Add the grapeseed oil and allow the oil to heat for a few seconds. Carefully place the chuck in the pan and sear each side until browned do not move the meat too much it will release from the pan when it is ready to be moved. Transfer the meat to a roasting pan or ovenproof casserole dish.nIn the saute pan, add the onions, carrots and celery and cook until the onions and carrots get some color, 8 to 10 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the red wine and allow the wine to simmer until the alcohol has cooked off, 2 to 3 minutes. Whisk in the tomato paste and then the beef broth and allow the cooking liquid to simmer for a few minutes to marry the flavors. Season with salt and pepper and then pour the cooking liquid over the roast in the roasting pan.nCover the roast with a layer of plastic wrap and then a layer of aluminum foil. Cook until tender, 3 to 4 hours. Remove the roast from the oven and allow it to rest in the cooking liquid for 30 to 40 minutes.nFor the pan jus: After the meat has rested, strain the cooking liquid and pour it back into a pan. Bring to a simmer and simmer until reduced to 4 cups.nWhisk together the cornstarch and 6 tablespoons water. Whisk the cornstarch slurry into the simmering cooking liquid and then cook the jus until it thickens to cover the back of a spoon. Season with pepper.nFor the whipped potatoes: In a pot, cover the potatoes with cold water and bring to a boil. Cook until the potatoes are forktender. Drain the potatoes set the strainer over the sink and allow the potatoes to steam for 5 minutes.nPour the potatoes back into the pot, add the melted butter and sour cream and whip with a hand blender until smooth. Season with salt and white pepper.nBring a pot of water to a boil prepare an icewater bath. Blanch the broccoli in the boiling water and then transfer to the water bath to stop the cooking process. Repeat with the carrots. Drain and set aside.nTo plate: In a large saute pan, heat the grapeseed oil until it begins to smoke. Add the broccoli and carrots and saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nDivide the whipped potatoes among 6 plates. Slice the pot roast and place the slices on top of the potatoes. Ladle the pan jus over the pot roast. and then place the broccoli and carrots around the plate., ingredients: [5 pounds beef chuck, rested at room temperature for 20 minutes, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 pound onions, roughly chopped, 8 ounces carrots, roughly chopped, 8 ounces celery, roughly chopped, 1 cup red wine, 14 cup tomato paste, 8 cups beef broth, 1 12 ounces cornstarch, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into large even pieces, 8 ounces 2 sticks butter, melted, 1 cup sour cream, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 1 pound broccoli florets, 1 pound carrots, cut into batonnet matchsticks, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Pot Roast, picturelink: null}, 24263: {instructions: Bring beet juice to a simmer with the 12 vanilla bean in a small saucepot over medium heat. Reduce juice, skimming constantly, to a syrup. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean into the syrup and discard the pod. Place each plantain slice, cut sideup, on a cookie sheet and roast in a preheated 400degree oven for 3 to 4 minutes, or until heated through. Remove from the oven and turn the broiler on with the rack 4inches from the broiling element. Evenly sprinkle the cane sugar over each 12 plantain, then place under the broiler and broil until the sugar caramelizes. Transfer each plantain to the center of each of 4 warmed plates. Nestle a scoop of sorbet against each plantain and drizzle with the vanilla beet sauce over both., ingredients: [3 cups beet juice, 12 vanilla bean, 2 very ripe plantains, peeled and split in 12 lengthwise, 2 to 3 tablespoons raw cane sugar, 4 scoops kaffir lime, lemon or lime sorbet], title: Roasted Plantain with Vanilla Beet Syrup, picturelink: null}, 24264: {instructions: Thinly slice the squash lengthwise on a mandoline. As you slice, lay the slices on a large platter. Once you cover the plate, lightly sprinkle the squash with some chives and about 1 teaspoon olive oil.nCut into the lemon about halfway so you can squeeze the juice but still grate off the zest. Finely grate about 14 teaspoon of the lemon zest and squeeze 4 or 5 drops of juice over the squash. Top with a sprinkling of tarragon, about 1 teaspoon. Keep it light because the flavor adds up as you layer the vegetables. Season evenly with salt and pepper. Repeat with the ingredients to make 4 or 5 layers of squash flavored with the herbs, lemon and olive oil. Finish with a nice drizzle of the olive oil and herbs.nSet aside to allow the squash to soften slightly, about 30 minutes. Lay the slices of cheese on top. Serve., ingredients: [3 mediumsmall summer squashes, preferably different colors of green, yellow and a mixture, 2 teaspoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon or chervil or a mixture, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 shaved slices ParmigianoReggiano about 1 ounce], title: No Cook Summer Squash Salad with Lemon and Herbs, picturelink: null}, 24265: {instructions: Bring water to a boil and cook pasta. Meanwhile simmer beans in a saucepan with the remaining ingredients. When pasta is done spoon in bowls, ladle beans over top and garnish with cilantro and hot pepper., ingredients: [3 cups elbow macaroni, 2 16ounce cans black beans, drained and rinsed, 4oz can chopped green chilies, 14 to 16ounce can tomatoes, chopped with juices, 10 ounce pack thawed frozen corn kernels, 2 tablespoons barbecue sauce, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, salt and pepper, For garnish: chopped fresh cilantro and minced fresh jalapeno pepper], title: Barbecued Black Beans Over Elbows, picturelink: null}, 24266: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine a baking pan with parchment paper and lay the bacon out side by side, overlapping just a bit, if necessary, to fit the whole package on the pan. Sprinkle with the brown sugar and place the pan on the top rack of the oven. Bake 35 to 40 minutes or until the bacon is nicely browned and slightly crispy. Remove from the oven and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound thick cut bacon, 14 cup light brown sugar], title: Brown Sugar Bacon, picturelink: null}, 24267: {instructions: In a pint glass, add a few ice cubes, lemon pieces, basil, grappa and limoncello and muddle. Add in simple syrup, stir and strain into large ice filled glass. Top with club soda and garnish with fresh basil., ingredients: [Ice, 12 lemon, cut in small pieces with the rind, 1 sprig fresh basil, plus extra for garnish, 1ounce grappa, 2 ounces limoncello, 1 12 ounces simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves cool, Splash club soda], title: Italian Limoncello Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 24268: {instructions: In a food processor or blender combine all of the ingredients and season to taste with salt and pepper. Great with vegetables and fish., ingredients: [2 green onions, chopped, 2 cups, packed mint leaves, Coarse salt, 14 cup almonds, Zest of 1 lemon, grated, 13 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Mint Puree a la Pesto, picturelink: null}, 24269: {instructions: Soak the red onion in a bowl of ice water, 10 minutes. Drain the onion and squeeze dry.nWhisk the yogurt, dill, honey mustard, and salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil and 1 tablespoon water, whisking until combined. Add the onion, ham, cheese, lettuce and apple and toss to coat. Pile the ham mixture in the middle of each wrap. Fold in the sides, then roll up the wraps. Cut in half and serve with the strawberries.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 red onion, thinly sliced, 13 cup lowfat plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill or parsley, 2 tablespoons honey mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces sliced lean ham preferably lowsodium, torn into bitesize pieces, 3 ounces sliced Swiss cheese, cut into strips, 1 romaine lettuce heart, torn into bitesize pieces, 1 apple, thinly sliced, 4 wholewheat wraps or tortillas, 3 cups strawberries, halved], title: Ham, Swiss and Apple Wraps, picturelink: RJz1k4.fiYf9QKJVC0BCscQZOvgTfC}, 24270: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the dried mushrooms in a small bowl and cover with 1 12 cups very hot water. Set aside and let the mushrooms soften.nPlace the carrots, onion, bell pepper, and garlic in a food processor. Pulse the vegetables until finely chopped but still chunky. Place the olive oil in a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chopped vegetables, thyme, oregano, salt, and pepper and cook until tender, about 6 minutes. Strain the porcini mushrooms, reserving the porcini mushroom liquid. Add the porcini mushrooms, fresh mushrooms, and tomato paste and continue cooking, stirring to dissolve the tomato paste, until the mushrooms are softened, about 5 minutes. Add the porcini mushroom liquid and red wine. Bring the liquid to a boil, reduce the heat to low, and let the mixture simmer until the liquid is reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Add mascarpone cheese and stir just until the cheese is incorporated.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta, reserving 12 cup of the cooking liquid and add to the vegetable mixture. Add some of the reserved pasta cooking liquid, if necessary, to moisten the sauce. Toss with Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [1ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 1 12 cups hot water, 3 carrots, peeled and chopped, 1 onion, peeled and chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 garlic cloves, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 ounces assorted mushrooms like shiitake, cremini, and brown, stemmed and chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 1 pound rigatoni pasta, 14 cup Parmesan], title: Rigatoni with Vegetable Bolognese, picturelink: SpJnYngpMRN7nD.5Vfaqc2uAy2PV906}, 24271: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place the pepper in a roasting pan and roast in the oven, checking every 15 minutes, and turning with tongs until the skin is fully wrinkled and charred black. When the peppers is done, use tongs to put it into a ziptop bag which for safety reasons you have resting on a plate  Remember, it is volcanically hot. Carefully zip the bag shut, and allow the pepper to sweat for 5 minutes. Use oven mitts to prevent getting burned while you handle the bag in the next step of sliding the pepper from the bag into a bowl filled with a couple of inches of ice water. You can then use your fingers to work quickly to slip off and discard the skin of the pepper while it is in the water. You will be left with a beautifully cooked red pepper with a wonderful color. Cut open the pepper and remove seeds. Slice it into strips and set aside.nRoll out each puff pastry sheet and on the surface of each of the 2 sheets evenly arrange 4 slices of prosciutto ham, 6 spinach leaves, half of the red pepper strips, 18cup Cheddar, and 1 tablespoon Parmesan. Roll up the dough jelly roll style into a log so the crosssection of the roll will be a spiral design, the pinwheel. Place the logs in the freezer for 50 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove pinwheel logs and from freezer and cut into 12inch thick slices and place on a baking sheet. Brush with egg wash. Bake until golden brown, approximately 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 large red bell pepper, 2 sheets puff pastry dough often sold in 17 or 18ounce packages containing 2 9 or 10inch square sheets puff pastry, 8 slices prosciutto ham, 12 leaves fresh spinach, 14 cup shredded Cheddar, 18 cup Parmesan, 2 eggs, beaten for egg wash], title: Prosciutto and Spinach Pinwheels, picturelink: sxuoormBIDANFg4RikffiHTnz3pgBy}, 24272: {instructions: In a large Dutch oven or stockpot over mediumhigh heat, add the bacon fat, garlic, onions and peppers, and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Add the beans, tomatoes, tomato sauce, pureed tomatillos, chipotles, chili powder and cumin. Cook as long as possible, at least 30 minutes. Add stock or tomato sauce if the chili becomes too thick.nAdd the cilantro and season with salt and pepper. Garnish with Andouille Tomatillo Topping and serve.nIn a mixing bowl, toss the tomatillos, andouille, jalapeno, cilantro, lime juice and zest. Add salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [13 cup bacon fat, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 onions, chopped, 3 poblano peppers, chopped, 2 Anaheim peppers, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, One 32ounce can red kidney beans, One 14ounce can black beans, One 14ounce white beans, One 14ounce can chopped tomatoes, One 12ounce can tomato sauce, 6 tomatillos, roasted and pureed, 3 chipotles in adobo, chopped, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 to 3 cups chicken or beef stock, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Andouille Tomatillo Topping, for garnish, recipe follows, 6 tomatillos, chopped, 1 andouille sausage, browned and finely chopped, 12 jalapeno, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 3 limes, juice and zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Shoot Out Chili, picturelink: TNHFkvo8DVzXzq7ygpBIJ7HzXgnyiiq}, 24273: {instructions: Boil each package until tender usually about 8 minutes. Drain water, toss with lots of butter, salt, and any spice to punch up the flavor., ingredients: [1 package frozen corn, 1 package frozen peas, 1 package frozen carrots, Butter, Salt], title: Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 24274: {instructions: Combine the parsley with garlic and eggs. Season the veal with salt and pepper. Dust the veal in flour, drop in the egg batter, and finish in the bread crumbs. Heat 2 cups of blended oil on medium high in a fry skillet. Add the veal, cook until golden on both sides. Drain on paper towels. Serve with sliced lemon and parsley and mashed potatoes.nBoil potatoes in salted water until cooked. Put through food mill or masher. Add little amounts of cream and butter until desired creaminess. Season with salt and white pepper., ingredients: [1 bunch Italian parsley, chopped fine, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 8 whole eggs, 6 6 ounce veal cutlets, pounded thin, Salt, Pepper, 2 cups flour, 2 cups fine bread crumbs, 2 cups canola oil, 1 lemon, sliced thin, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, for garnish, 1 recipe mashed potatoes, recipe follows, 6 baking potatoes, like russets, peeled, chopped, Water, 2 cups cream, scald, 14 pound butter, diced, Salt, White pepper], title: Milanesas: Breaded Veal, picturelink: null}, 24275: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the flour into a bowl. Add the nuts and mix together. Cut the butter into cubes and add it to the bowl. Using your hands, incorporate the butter into the flour and nuts. Then, press it into a 9 by 13inch pan. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Allow the crust to cool to room temperature before adding the cream cheese filling.nFor the filling: Add the heavy cream, sugar and vanilla to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Start mixing on low, and then turn to high speed and mix until it forms stiff peaks. Set aside in a bowl.nSwitch to the paddle attachment on your stand mixer. Add the cream cheese and beat until smooth, starting on low speed and increasing to high. Then, add the whipped cream to the bowl with the cream cheese and stir to incorporate. Spread it over the cooled crust and refrigerate for 1 hour.nFor the topping: Sprinkle the gelatin into a bowl with 1 cup cold water. Whisk to dissolve the gelatin. Then add the boiling water, sugar and salt. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Add the lemon juice and stir to combine. Then add the mangoes and chill for a few minutes until the gelatin begins to set. Pour the mango topping over the cream cheese and refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours., ingredients: [2 cups sifted flour, 12 cup macadamia nuts, crushed, 1 cup cold butter or margarine 2 sticks, 8 ounces heavy cream, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, One 8ounce package cream cheese, 2 envelopes gelatin, 1 cup boiling water, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons lemon juice, 5 cups peeled and chopped firm, ripe mangoes], title: Kona Mango Cream Pie, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 24276: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the pumpkin to a large bowl, drizzle with 2 tablespoons coconut oil, and toss to coat. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper and then spread in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Transfer to the oven and roast, tossing once, until golden brown and tender, 50 to 60 minutes.nMeanwhile, add 1 tablespoon coconut oil to a Dutch oven over medium heat, and allow to melt. Add the onions and saute until tender, 3 minutes. Add the garlic and Swiss chard, and saute until wilted, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the poultry seasoning and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Set aside.nAdd the cream cheese and milk to a medium saucepan over medium heat. Heat until the cream cheese has melted, about 5 minutes. Whisk in 12 teaspoon of the cayenne, and season with salt and pepper. Turn off the heat.nIn a large bowl, combine the ricotta, eggs, 1 12 cups each of the Gruyere and Parmesan, and some salt and pepper. Stir to combine, then set aside.nLadle 12 cup of the cream cheese sauce into a 9by13inch baking dish, spreading with a spatula to cover the bottom. Add a single layer of noodles, and then layer with half of the remaining cream cheese sauce, half of the chard mixture and half of the pumpkin. Add a second layer of noodles, and then half of the ricotta mixture and all of the pesto. Add a third layer of noodles, followed by the remaining cream cheese sauce, chard and pumpkin. Add a fourth, and final, layer of noodles, and spread with the remaining ricotta mixture.nCover the baking dish with aluminum foil, and transfer to the oven. Bake until the noodles are soft and the cheese is hot and melty, 55 to 60 minutes.nRemove the baking dish from the oven and turn on the broiler. Remove the foil from the baking dish. Top the lasagna with the remaining grated Gruyere and Parmesan. Broil until golden brown and bubbly, 3 to 5 minutes.nLet rest for 15 minutes before serving.nAdd the garlic and pecans to a food processor, and pulse to a thick paste. Add the lemon zest, basil, Gouda and 1 teaspoon salt, and pulse to chop up the basil leaves this will be very thick. With the motor running, drizzle in 23 cup of the olive oil if you want the sauce thinner, add the remaining oil. Add the lemon juice, and pulse to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed. Refrigerate, covered, for up to 1 week., ingredients: [4 cups mediumdiced pumpkin or winter squash, Unrefined coconut oil, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, small diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 12 pounds Swiss chard, stemmed, leaves chopped 16 cups packed, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 16 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 2 cups milk, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups fullfat ricotta, 2 eggs, whisked, 2 cups grated Gruyere, 2 cups grated Parmesan, 9 ounces noboil lasagna noodles, such as Barilla, 4 ounces pesto, storebought or homemade, recipe follows, 6 cloves roasted garlic, 12 cup toasted pecans, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 4 cups basil leaves, 23 cup grated aged Gouda, Kosher salt, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Creamy Pumpkin Lasagna, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 24277: {instructions: In a 12ounce glass add ice, almond syrup, lemon juice, and bitters. Fill up with grape juice and seltzer water. Garnish with pineapple.nSells for 10 to 15 cents., ingredients: [1ounce cracked ice, 1ounce orgeat almond syrup, 2 dashes solution of phosphate or citric acid lemon juice will work, 2 dashes angostura bitters, 4 ounces grape juice, Seltzer water, Slice pineapple, for garnish], title: Japanese Thirst Killer Phosphate, picturelink: null}, 24278: {instructions: In a blender or food processor puree all ingredients with salt and pepper to taste until smooth. Pesto keeps in a jar with a tight fitting lid, chilled up to 1 week. Let pesto come to room temperature before using., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 23 cup firmly packed fresh basil leaves, 23 cup firmly packed fresh Italian parsley leaves, 23 cup firmly packed fresh mint leaves, 13 cup toasted pine nuts, cooled, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, or to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Three Herb Pesto, picturelink: null}, 24279: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl combine pudding, whipped topping, and almond extract. Gently fold together until just combined. Arrange 3 pears in each serving dish. Top with 14 cup of the whipped topping mixture. Garnish with a tablespoon of toasted almonds., ingredients: [1 14ounce package fatfree vanilla pudding cups, 1 8ounce container fatfree whipped topping, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 2 15 14ounce cans light pear halves, 4 tablespoons sliced almonds, toasted], title: Pears with Almond and Chantilly Cream, picturelink: j872vos1EdxtIKFmzIvSPCYBFG49SO2}, 24280: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, whisk the buttermilk, hot sauce, honey, cumin, garlic, lime juice and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the chicken into a resealable bag and pour the buttermilk marinade over. Marinate in the fridge, at least 2 hours and up to overnight.nHeat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Remove the chicken from the marinade and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the chicken until cooked through and 165 degrees F, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.nPlace the cheese on the bottom of each roll, then top with 2 chicken thighs, lettuce and a dollop of Cajun Ranch Dressing.nIn a medium bowl, combine the mayonnaise, buttermilk, hot sauce, lemon juice, blackening seasoning, mustard, salt and cayenne. Fold in the scallions, celery, red peppers and garlic with the mayonnaise mixture., ingredients: [23 cup buttermilk, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Franks, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs 1 12 pounds, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 14 pound pepper jack cheese, thinly sliced, 4 soft club rolls, 8 leaves Bibb lettuce, Cajun Ranch Dressing, recipe follows, 1 cup good mayonnaise, 14 cup buttermilk, shaken, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Franks, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon blackening seasoning, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne powder, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 celery stalk, finely diced, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, minced], title: Louisiana Hot Sauce Chicken Sandwich with Cajun Ranch Dressing, picturelink: SNoULUYtr0IE1gN2jxql40afzqGidM.}, 24281: {instructions: Heat the oil in sauce pot over mediumhigh heat. Add pancetta and cook until crisp, 5 minutes then remove to a plate. Add the liquids to the sauce pot and bring to boil. Whisk polenta into the liquid and continue to whisk 2 to 3 minutes to thicken. Season with salt and pepper and stir in peas to heat through 1 minute more. Remove from heat, stir in cheese and adjust seasoning. Garnish with pancetta., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 slices pancetta cut as thick as bacon, chopped, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 34 cup milk, 34 cup quick cooking polenta, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup frozen peas, A couple handfuls grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Polenta with Peas and Pancetta, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 24282: {instructions: Special equipment: a piping bag with a No.12 tipnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat two 9inch round cake pans with cooking spray.nWhisk together the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt and pudding mix in a medium bowl. Set aside. Bring the milk to a boil and add the white chocolate chips. Let stand, covered, for 5 minutes, then stir until completely incorporated. Allow the white chocolate mixture to cool completely. Beat the oil, eggs and white chocolate mixture in a large bowl with an electric mixer until fully incorporated, about 2 minutes. Add the vanilla and reduce the speed to low. Gradually add the flour mixture, beating until combined, about 3 minutes.nDivide the batter evenly among the prepared pans. Bake until golden and a toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Allow the cakes to cool in the pans for 10 minutes, then turn out on wire racks to cool completely, about 45 minutes.nFor the raspberry filling: Combine the raspberries, sugar, lemon juice and cornstarch in a small saucepan. Place over mediumhigh heat and slowly bring to a boil, stirring constantly until thickened. Let cool completely, about 45 minutes.nFor the chocolate ganache: Heat the heavy cream to boiling. Pour over the chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Stir until completely smooth. Allow to cool to room temperature, about 45 minutes.nFor the buttercream: Beat the butter, shortening and vanilla in a large bowl with an electric mixer until combined and smooth, about 2 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar and beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes.nTo assemble the cake: Level both cakes by running a sharp knife around the top edge of each cake, scoring it, then carefully cutting through the cakes along the score lines. Fill a piping back fitted with a No.12 tip with buttercream icing. Pipe a dam around the inside of the bottom layer of cake. Inside the dam, spread a very thin layer of raspberry filling, about 3 tablespoons for this filling, less is more. Then top with a more generous layer of chocolate ganache, about a quarterinch thick. Stack the other cake layer on top and cover the whole cake with buttercream icing., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for the pans, 2 12 cups cake flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, One 1.4ounce box white chocolate pudding, 1 cup milk, 1 cup white chocolate chips, 12 cup vegetable oil, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups fresh raspberries, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 34 cup heavy cream, 7 ounces dark chocolate, coarsely chopped, 2 sticks 1 cup butter, 1 cup shortening, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 5 cups confectioners sugar], title: White Chocolate Cake with Raspberry and Chocolate Ganache Fillings and Buttercream Icing, picturelink: NDMQL30d2QEjNXRI2UbY1p6w17aKFmW}, 24283: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees.nMix all ingredients except 14 cup Parmesan cheese. Knead until thoroughly mixed. Roll dough into quartersized balls. On a lightly floured surface, roll balls into pencilshaped sticks in Parmesan so the sticks are coated. Flatten with rolling pin or by hand. Twist each about 6 to 8 times and place on ungreased baking sheet. Bake approximately 30 minutes. Cool on pan. Store in sealed container, ingredients: [2 cups whole wheat flour, 14 cup corn meal, 12 cup Parmesan cheese, 1 egg, 34 cup water], title: Cheese Twists, picturelink: null}, 24284: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd the pork and beef to a bowl and season liberally with salt and pepper. Trim the crust of bread and chop into fresh breadcrumbs in a food processor, scrape into a small bowl and soak in milk. Return the processor to the base. Squeeze out some of the liquid from the bread and add the moistened bread to the meat, season with a little freshly grated nutmeg, a few grates. Add a beaten egg yolk and half of the chopped parsley to the bowl, a couple of tablespoons. Add 2 cloves finely chopped garlic to the meat. Add the mortadella to the food processor and pulse to very finely chop the meat, add to the ground meats along with a couple of handfuls of grated pecorino. Drizzle the meat liberally with extravirgin olive oil. Place a baking rack over a baking sheet or cover a baking sheet with parchment baking paper. Mix the meatballs and roll into large walnutsize balls and roast 12 to 15 minutes to light brown, but not cooked through.nMeanwhile, heat extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pot, over medium to mediumhigh heat in a large Dutch oven. To the warm oil, add fennel seeds, chile pepper, onions, and sliced garlic, season with salt and pepper, and marjoram. Stir 4 to 5 minutes then add tomato paste and stir 30 seconds, pour in wine and stir a minute, then add stock and tomatoes. Break up the tomatoes into small bits and when sauce comes to a boil reduce heat to simmer, add a few leaves of torn basil, reserving a few for garnish. Add the remaining chopped parsley and gently slide in the meatballs. Simmer the mixture 15 to 20 minutes to combine flavors and finish cooking the meat through.nCooks Note: Cook the pasta at this time or if this is a makeahead meal cool completely, cover and store. Reheat the sauce over medium heat covered until it bubbles then uncovered at gentle simmer while pasta cooks.nCook the pasta in large pot of boiling, salted water to al dente. Save about 12 cup starchy cooking liquid just before draining. Add the drained pasta back to the hot pot with butter, a few ladles of sauce and the reserved starchy liquid. Toss to combine and melt butter. Serve in bowls with lots of sauce and meatballs on top, lots of shaved cheese and a few leaves of torn basil.nServe with simple tossed greens salad if you like but itll probably get ignored...it is spaghetti and meatballs night, ingredients: [12 ounces pound ground pork, 12 ounces ground beef sirloin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 slices good quality bread such as pane bello or white country boule, crusts trimmed, 1 cup milk, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 large or extralarge egg yolk, beaten, A generous handful of fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and finely chopped, 6 cloves garlic, 2 finely chopped, 4 thinly sliced, 4 ounces mortadella or prosciutto cotto, coarsely chopped, 12 cup grated pecorino, a couple of handfuls plus a hunk to grate at the table, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling plus 3 tablespoons, 1 tablespoon fennel seed, a scant palmful, 1 red chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, Sprig fresh marjoram, finely chopped andor 1 teaspoon dried marjoram or oregano, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stockinabox, 1 28ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 pound good quality spaghetti, 2 tablespoons butter], title: On Top of Ole Smoky, All Covered with Cheese: Spaghetti and Meatballs, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 24285: {instructions: Bake biscuits as directed on can.nMeanwhile, place chicken on microwavesafe plate. Microwave on HIGH for 1 12 to 2 12 minutes or until thawed. Melt margarine in large saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add flour stir until well blended. Gradually stir in broth and milk, cooking and stirring until bubbly and thickened.nAdd chicken and all remaining ingredients mix well. Simmer 5 minutes or until thoroughly heated.nSplit warm biscuits place bottom half of each on individual serving plate. Spoon hot chicken mixture over each biscuit half. Place top biscuit halves over chicken mixture., ingredients: [1 10.2 ounce. can 5 biscuits Pillsburyu00ae Grandsu00ae Refrigerated Buttermilk Biscuits, 1 9 ounce. package frozen diced cooked chicken, 14 cup margarine or butter, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 10 12 ounce can condensed chicken broth, 1 14 cups milk, 1 cup Green Giantu00ae Valley Fresh Steamersu00bf frozen sweet peas, 1 4 ounce can Green Giantu00ae Mushroom Pieces and Stems, drained, 1 2 ounce. jar diced pimientos, drained, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper], title: Chicken andagrave la Grandsandreg, picturelink: null}, 24286: {instructions: Prepare orange pieces: In a double boiler over simmering water, melt the orangecolored white chocolate. When smooth and melted, remove from over double boiler and add orange oil orange extract may also be used. Pour onto a cookie sheet lined with aluminum foil and spread evenly. When cool, chop into medium small pieces. Set aside.nCombine sugar, water, salt, and corn syrup in a 3quart saucepan cook over low heat stirring gently until sugar is dissolved. Turn heat up to medium and place lid on pan for 2 to 3 minutes to wash down sugar crystals. Uncover and continuing cooking without stirring until candy thermometer reaches hard ball stage 260 degrees F.nBeat egg whites until stiff peaks form, just before sugar mixture is ready. Pour hot sugar mixture over egg whites in a thin stream while mixer is at high speed. Add vanilla and continue beating until candy starts to loose its gloss and hold its shape. Add nuts and orange pieces. Drop by rounded spoonfuls onto waxed paper., ingredients: [12 cup orangecolored white chocolate or use white chocolate and add candy food coloring, 1 teaspoon orange oil, 2 12 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup light corn syrup, 2 egg whites, room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup finely chopped pecans], title: Orange Dream Divinity, picturelink: null}, 24287: {instructions: Shave the cabbage with a sharp knife or mandoline so you have thin ribbons. Cut the scallions long and on the bias so you have pieces similar in shape to the cabbage. Toss the cabbage, scallions and cilantro in a large salad bowl.nMake the dressing by combining the sour cream, mayonnaise, sugar and the zest of the limes in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper and finish with a squeeze of lime juice. Pour the dressing over the cabbage mixture and toss to combine.nPhotographs by James Baigrie, ingredients: [1 head Savoy cabbage, 4 scallions, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, torn, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 2 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Savoy, Lime and Cilantro Coleslaw, picturelink: qYyUp4ObVQXbK8NIoLx70FIiRUJdR16}, 24288: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and butter a 9 by 13inch baking dish.nPeel and core the apples and cut them into 14 to 12inch dice. Try to get the apples pieces as uniform as possible to ensure even baking in the cobbler. Combine the apples with 1 cup of the sugar in a large bowl. Cover and set in the refrigerator while preparing the cobbler topping. The sugar will draw out some of the moisture in the apples, so the filling will be nice and thick.nCombine the remaining sugar with the flour and salt in a medium size bowl. Set aside 12 cup of the sugar and flour mixture to coat the apples. Cut the chilled butter into small pieces and work into the sugarflour mixture using a pastry cutter, a fork, or your fingers until it forms a coarse meal.nDrain the sugar syrup from the apples and set aside. Combine the apples with the reserved flour and sugar mixture. Add the cinnamon, nutmeg, lemon zest, and sweetened dried cranberries to the apples and stir well to evenly distribute all the flavors. Pour into the buttered baking dish.nLightly beat the egg, egg yolk, and vanilla and slowly drizzle it into the flour mixture. Dont worry if it seems a little dry at first. Continue to stir the mixture until the flour is completely absorbed into the egg. You might want to get your hands into it and use your fingers to finish. Take a small bit of the topping and roll it into a 1inch ball. Gently flatten the ball into a disk and place it on top of the apple mixture in the baking dish. Repeat with the remaining topping, slightly overlapping the disks.nBake for 35 to 45 minutes or until the juices are bubbling and the topping is a light golden brown. Let the cobbler rest for 10 to 15 minutes before serving. While the cobbler is sitting, coat the almonds with the reserved sugar syrup. Drain off the excess syrup and place the almonds on a buttered parchment lined baking sheet. Roast until the almonds are golden brown, approximately 5 to 10 minutes. Scatter them over the cobbler.nTips: To make cutting the butter into the floursugar mixture a bit easier, try grating frozen sticks of butter on the large holes of a hand grater. Youll have small bits of cold butter which will help the coarse meal form quickly. Use a melon baller to scoop out the core of the apple halves quickly and with minimal waste.nNote: You will need approximately 8 to 10 apples total. ., ingredients: [2 12 pounds Granny Smith apples, 2 pounds Fuji apples, 1 12 pounds Gala apples, 3 cups granulated sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 6ounces chilled unsalted butter, plus softened butter for baking dish, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 6ounce package sweetened, dried cranberries, 1 large egg, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 6ounce package sliced almonds], title: Apple Cobbler, picturelink: vD56j8Epql3ktOTWZXvVMv8IXt4O}, 24289: {instructions: Mix 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, the bread flour, salt, yeast and 2 12 cups lukewarm water 105 degrees F to 110 degrees F in a large bowl with a wooden spoon to make a wet and sticky dough. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until almost tripled in size, 2 to 3 hours the top will flatten and begin to sink in the center. Divide the dough in half and transfer one piece to another bowl. Cover both bowls with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold, about 2 hours.nPut a pizza stone or inverted rimmed baking sheet on the highest oven rack and put a broiler pan on the lowest rack preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Remove the dough from the refrigerator, sprinkle each piece with 14 cup flour, then shape each into a smooth, taut ball. Cover the bowls loosely with plastic wrap refrigerate 30 minutes.nPut a large piece of parchment paper on a pizza peel or another inverted baking sheet and dust with flour. Using floured hands, pick up a ball of dough and poke your thumbs through the center to make a hole. Place on the parchment, then gently stretch the dough from the center to make a 9inchdiameter ring with a 5inch hole in the center. Sprinkle generously with flour. Lay out another sheet of parchment, dust with flour and repeat to shape the other ball of dough into a ring. Let rest, uncovered, 15 minutes.nHolding kitchen shears at a 45 degrees F angle, make deep cuts at 1to1 12inch intervals all the way around both dough rings, pulling the cut sections away from the center as you go to make leaves. Let rest, uncovered, until plump, about 15 more minutes.nSlide one dough wreath on the parchment directly onto the hot stone. Carefully pour 1 cup water into the broiler pan underneath to create steam quickly shut the oven door. Bake until the bread is golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool. Repeat with the second dough wreath, adding another cup of water to the broiler pan.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for forming the loaves, 2 14 cups bread flour, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon rapidrise yeast], title: Holiday Bread Wreath, picturelink: 5SNZEZmAsJv3f3wTJe9t7TQulKZoa.}, 24290: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a shallow baking pan drizzle oil over shiitakes, and toss to coat. Roast mushrooms, stirring once or twice, 12 to 15 minutes, or until golden. Keep oven at 450 degrees. Blanch onions in boiling salted water 1 minute. Drain in a colander and rinse under cold running water to stop cooking. Trim root ends and peel.nMince roasted shiitake and in a shallow bowl stir together with bread crumbs and salt and pepper to taste. Have ready in separate shallow bowls seasoned flour and egg.nWorking with 1 chicken breast at a time, dredge in flour, shaking off excess, and dip in egg, letting excess drip off. Coat chicken with mushroom mixture, gently knocking off excess, and transfer to a plate. Chicken may be prepared up to this point 2 hours ahead and chilled, uncovered, on a rack.nIn a 12inch nonstick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute chicken until golden, about 1 minute on each side. Transfer chicken with tongs to baking pan. Scatter pearl onions around chicken and roast in middle of oven 10 minutes, or until chicken is just cooked through.nCut asparagus diagonally into 2inch lengths. Arrange on a steamer rack and sprinkle with kosher salt. Steam asparagus, covered, over boiling water until crisptender, about 5 minutes, then transfer to a bowl of ice water to stop cooking. Saute shiitakes in 1 tablespoon olive oil. Set aside.nTransfer chicken to a platter, cover loosely with foil. Transfer onions and pan juices to 2 separate small bowls do not clean roasting pan. To a large skillet add 1 tablespoon butter and cook shiitakes. Saute until mushrooms are softened and browned lightly. Add wine and chicken stock and remaining pan juices and boil until liquid is reduced to about 13 cup. Add asparagus and onions.nCut remaining 2 tablespoons butter into pieces and add to vegetables. Cook over moderately high heat, shaking pan, until butter is just incorporated and vegetables are glazed. Season vegetables with salt and pepper and spoon around chicken., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 6 ounces fresh shiitakes, stems discarded and caps chopped coarse about 12 cup, 13 cup fine dry bread crumbs, 13 cup allpurpose flour, seasoned with salt and pinch of cayenne pepper, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 2 whole skinless boneless chicken breasts about 1 12 pounds, halved, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 ounces fresh shiitakes, 1 pound medium green asparagus, peeled and trimmed, 10 ounces pearl onions, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: ShiitakeCrusted Chicken with Pearl Onion Ragout, picturelink: null}, 24291: {instructions: Moisten the rim of a margarita glass with a wedge of lime, and then roll the glass at an angle in the salt so that only the outside of the glass is salted.nCombine the Super Green Juice, tequila and orange liqueur in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into the prepared glass over ice. Garnish with a slice of lime.nJuice, in this order, the lemons, apple, romaine, cucumber and greens, following your juicers specific settings for each. Serve the juice immediately over ice, if desired., ingredients: [Lime wedge, for rim of glass, plus lime slice, for garnish, Coarse salt, for rim of glass, 2 ounces Super Green Juice, recipe follows, 2 ounces tequila, 1 ounce orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, 1 to 2 large, juicy lemons, peel and pith removed, 1 medium Granny Smith apple, peeled and cored, 2 romaine leaves, 12 large cucumber, 1 cup loosely packed hearty greens, such as spinach or kale], title: Green Margarita, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 24292: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the orange oil:nCombine the olive oil and the orange zest in a small bowl and set aside.nFor the salad:nBring the large saucepan of chicken broth to a boil over high heat. Add the fregola pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 10 to 12 minutes. Drain pasta onto a large baking sheet. Spread to a single layer and let cool for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, using a small knife cut the skin off the orange and grapefruit. Over a large bowl, cut out the segments of the citrus flesh and catch the juices. Add the onion, mint, basil, fennel seeds, salt, pepper, and cooled fregola pasta.nAdd the reserved orange oil to the pasta. Toss all the ingredients together and serve., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 orange, zested, 8 cups chicken broth, 1 pound fregola pasta or orzo, 1 orange, 1 pink grapefruit, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 tablespoon fennel seeds, lightly toasted, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Fregola Salad with Fresh Citrus and Red Onion, picturelink: UVcL6ZTXzIHGU3oFCm4mMWT67jy4ZS}, 24293: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees with a rack in the middle of the oven. Lightly coat 2 9inch cake pans with nonstick vegetable spray. Line the bottoms with a circle of baking parchment.nInto a large bowl, sift the flour, baking powder and salt together, 3 times. In a small saucepan, bring the milk and butter to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the vanilla and lemon extracts. In separate mixing bowl, beat the eggs and sugar until pale yellow, and fluffy, and doubled in volume. While still beating, drizzle in the hot milk mixture. Fold in the flour mixture. Spread the batter in the prepared pans and bake for 15 minutes, or until golden, the center springs back when lightly pressed, and a cake tester comes out clean. Set the pans on a rack to cool. Run the tip of a knife around the edges of the cakes to loosen them, and turn them out of the pans.nWhipped Cream Frosting: In a medium bowl, mix together the gelatin and 14 cup of the cream. Let rest for 5 minutes to soften, then place the bowl over barely simmering water until the gelatin has completely dissolved. Remove the bowl from the heat and let cool to tepid. In the meantime, in a mixing bowl, whip the cream until slightly thickened. Add the confectioners sugar and vanilla and whip to the consistency of shaving cream. Fold 12 cup of the whipped cream into the gelatin mixture, then fold in the rest.nWash and dry the strawberries. Pick out the 12 best. Stem and slice the rest. Lay the sliced berries over 1 cake, then spread a 12inch layer of whipped cream on top. Place the second cake over the first. Frost the entire cake with the remaining whipped cream. Top with the 12 whole berries., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable spray, for coating the pans, 1 12 cups cake flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon lemon extract, 3 large eggs, 1 14 cups sugar, 2 pints fresh strawberries, 1 recipe whipped cream frosting, 1 teaspoon gelatin, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: DinerStyle Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: hFMMxJJshqLuQ0HIdkOu.KrigZabsOS}, 24294: {instructions: Combine herbs with a drizzle of olive oil and salt and pepper. Rub onto chops. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or up to 24 hours.nFor the Polenta Salad: Bring the stock to a boil. Stir in polenta and lower heat. Continue to stir until bubbling. Add garlic, cheese, parsley and salt and pepper, to taste. Stir well. Pour into a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nFor the sauce: Warm olive oil over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Remove from heat and add the garlic slivers. Combine with the lamb stock, soy sauce and a few drops of lemon juice. Keep warm.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees To assemble the plate, invert the polenta onto a cutting board and cut into 1inch squares. Grill or panroast the lamb chops to desired temperature, about 4 minutes on each side for medium rare. Warm the polenta croutons in the oven in a nonstick, ovenproof saute pan. When hot, toss the croutons with the arugula, olive oil, vinegar and salt and pepper.nArrange 2 lamb chops on each plate with some salad and spoon warm sauce over the meat., ingredients: [4 Domestic loin lamb chops, 1 12 inches thick, 1 teaspoon chopped rosemary, 1 teaspoon chopped sage, 1 teaspoon chopped thyme, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup polenta, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh garlic, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, Salt and pepper, 2 cups baby arugula, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons garlic, cut into thin slivers, 12 cup lamb stock, see Cooks Notes, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Lemon juice], title: Lamb Loin Chops with Warm Polenta and Arugula Salad, picturelink: null}, 24295: {instructions: Add the milk and 3 cups of the cereal to a large bowl and stir to combine. Let the mixture steep for 1 hour in the fridge, then strain the cereal out and discard it, reserving the milk there should be 4 12 cups.nAdd 4 cups of the cereal milk to a large saucepan and warm over medium heat until steaming do not let boil, about 6 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the sugar, cornstarch, egg yolks, 12 teaspoon salt and the remaining 12 cup cereal milk.nSlowly incorporate the warm cereal milk into the egg mixture, whisking constantly to keep the eggs from scrambling. Once combined, pour the mixture back into the pot and turn the heat to medium. Continually whisk the mixture until it thickens up to the consistency of pudding, about 7 minutes.nRemove the pudding from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Transfer to a large bowl and cover with plastic wrap pressed against the top of the pudding to prevent a skin from forming. Chill the pudding completely, at least 4 hours and up to 1 day.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the remaining 1 cup cereal evenly on a baking sheet and drizzle with the agave. Bake until the agave melts and the cereal sticks when pinched, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. The cereal garnish will harden as it cools.nSpoon the pudding into bowls and top with the candied cereal pieces and sprinkles., ingredients: [5 cups whole milk, 4 cups breakfast cereal such as cornflakes or cinnamonflavored wheat squares, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup cornstarch5 large egg yolks, Kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon agave nectar or honey, Multicolored sprinkles, for serving], title: Cereal Milk Pudding, picturelink: null}, 24296: {instructions: Bring 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan and then pour in the couscous in one steady stream. Stir to prevent lumps. Turn off the heat, cover, and set aside for 15 minutes. Once liquid is absorbed, fluff with a fork.nIn a heavybottomed pot, heat oil over medium heat. Add onion and cook until soft. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add bell peppers and chili powder and cook for another minute. Stir in tomatoes and black beans and their liquid bring all to a simmer and simmer for 5 minutes or until thickened. Add chicken and heat through. Stir in lime juice and cilantro and remove from heat. Serve over fluffed couscous., ingredients: [1 cup water, 23 cup couscous, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Vidalia onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 14ounce can stewed tomatoes, 1 15ounce can black beans, 1 10ounce can white meat chicken, or 2 cups shredded chicken, storebought, skin discarded, 12 cup fresh lime juice from about 3 limes, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves], title: Black Bean Lime Chili, picturelink: null}, 24297: {instructions: Make the pickled onion: Combine the red onion, lime juice, olive oil, oregano and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Let stand 30 minutes or up to 1 day drain.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: Fill a medium pot with water and add the tomatoes, onion and garlic. Bring to a boil and turn off the heat let cool. Drain the ingredients, then transfer to a blender and puree until smooth season with salt. Heat the vegetable oil in a medium saucepan add the tomato mixture and cook until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Set aside.nPrepare the jalapenos: Heat 12 inch vegetable oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Fry the jalapenos until blistered, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain, then place in a bowl and tightly cover with plastic wrap. Let steam about 15 minutes, then peel off the blistered skins using a paring knife or rub with a kitchen towel. Using a sharp small knife, cut a T in each jalapeno, starting at the top of the pepper and running almost to the bottom. Using a very small spoon or the tip of the knife, carefully remove the seeds and veins. Set the peppers aside.nMake the filling: Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a medium skillet. Add the potato and cook, stirring, until golden and crisp, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon. Add the carrot, onion and garlic to the skillet cook, stirring, until fragrant, 5 minutes. Add the beef and cook, breaking up the meat, until it starts browning, about 5 minutes. Add the raisins and potato. Cook, stirring, until the meat is cooked through, about 10 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nReheat the sauce, adding up to 12 cup water if it is too thick. Divide the beef mixture among the jalapenos. Top with the tomato sauce and pickled red onion.nPhotograph by Dave Lauridsen, ingredients: [12 red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 13 cup fresh lime juice from about 5 limes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled, Salt, For the sauce:, 2 tomatoes, cored, 14 white onion, 3 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, For the jalapenos:, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 16 jalapeno peppers, 1 small red potato, diced, 1 small carrot, diced, 2 tablespoons finely diced white onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 8 ounces ground beef, 14 cup raisins, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Chiles Rellenos Jalapenos, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 24298: {instructions: Special equipment: a 1ounce ice cream or cookie scoopnPreheat a griddle or large skillet over medium heat.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the pancake mix and water until just blended and slightly lumpy. Melt the butter on the griddle. For each pancake, add 1 tablespoon of batter to the griddle. Cook until golden brown, about 1 to 1 12 minutes on each side. Remove to a plate and allow the pancakes to cool completely.nAdd the chocolate chips and cream to a small bowl. Set the bowl over a small saucepan of barely simmering water. Stir until the chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth.nTo serve, put a pancake on a small serving plate. Top with a 1ounce scoop of sorbet and put another pancake on top of the sorbet. Drizzle with the chocolate sauce and garnish with raspberries. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nCooks Note: Instead of using a 1ounce cookie scoop, you can make a 1ounce portion with a tablespoonsize measuring spoon., ingredients: [1 cup buttermilk pancake mix recommended: Krusteaz Buttermilk, 34 cup water, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup raspberry sorbet or gelato, softened, 12 cup raspberries], title: Mini Pancakes with Raspberry Sorbet and Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: SQuGQbhbIrxzXejydrelJzcXZUtSMYG}, 24299: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 cupcake or muffin pans with 18 cupcake liners.nSift the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Add the buttermilk, warm water, applesauce, vanilla extract and eggs, and mix until well combined.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 18 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nTo assemble: Cut a hole in the center of the chocolate cupcakes with a paring knife. Scoop 12 tablespoon of Cookie Dough Filling into the center. Replace the piece of cake you cut out. Generously frost the top of the cupcake with the Peanut Butter Frosting. Drizzle with storebought caramel sauce and sprinkle with kosher salt. Place the Fondant Covered Chocolate Chip Cookie Tire on top.nCombine the flour, baking soda and salt in a small bowl and set aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the butter with the brown sugar, granulated sugar and vanilla extract until creamy. Add the milk and mix. Gradually beat in the flour mixture. Stir in the chocolate chips by hand. Divide in half and set one half in the cooler to chill. Reserve the other half for the Fondant Covered Chocolate Chip Cookie Tires.nCream the butter and add the peanut butter and mix until blended. Add the vanilla and continue mixing. Sift in the powdered sugar and whip until soft and fluffy. Put the frosting in a pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBake the reserved Cookie Dough Filling in the oven until golden brown, 9 to 11 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool.nCut out circles of cookies with a circular cookie cutter. Roll out the fondant and cut out circles of fondant with a circular cookie cutter slightly larger than the cutter you used for the cookies. Wrap the fondant circle around the cookie circle. Stick 1 white chocolate candy melt in the center of the fondant so that it sticks. Using the v point of a starshaped cookie cutter, press tire treads all around the sides of the cookie., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 cup buttermilk, 34 cup warm water, 4 tablespoons applesauce, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 eggs, Cookie Dough Filling, recipe follows, Peanut Butter frosting, recipe follows, Storebought caramel sauce, for drizzling, Kosher salt, for sprinkling, Fondant Covered Chocolate Chip Cookie Tires, recipe follows, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks 1 cup butter, softened, 34 cup light brown sugar, packed, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup milk, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, 1 12 cups peanut butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 14 cups powdered sugar, Reserved Cookie Dough Filling, Black fondant, 12 pieces white chocolate candy melts], title: Ultimate Dude Cupcakes, picturelink: vzTmtDxIF3Qowu0xNNSYPePHGJnHzK}}