{24300: {instructions: Combine broth and rice in medium saucepan. Bring to a boil stir. Reduce heat to low cover. Simmer without stirring, 15 minutes or until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed. Do not remove lid during cooking. Remove saucepan from heat stir in parsley, onions and butter. Cover keep warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 cups chicken broth, 2 cups uncooked rice, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup chopped green onions with tops, 2 tablespoons butter or margarine], title: Green Rice, picturelink: null}, 24301: {instructions: Put tuna in a chilled bowl. Add chopped scallion, pickled ginger, soy sauce and pepper. Mix all of the ingredients lightly. Depending on the size burger, you want to divide the mixture into 2 or 4 patties and form your burgers. Heat your grill or skillet over medium flame. Place brioche slices on grill and toast. Remove slices and place patties on grillpan sear to your desired doneness. Rare to well., ingredients: [12 ounces tuna, fresh chilled ground, 4 to 6 scallions, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons pickled ginger, chopped, 2 12 tablespoons soy sauce, Fresh ground black pepper to taste, 4 brioche loaf slices, crust removed], title: Grilled Tuna Burger, picturelink: null}, 24302: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a heavy large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and sugar, and cook until the onions are golden brown, about 20 minutes. Season the onions, to taste, with salt and pepper set aside.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nSprinkle some Fontina over half of a tortilla. Arrange some bell peppers and sauteed onions on top of the Fontina. Sprinkle with chopped parsley and Parmesan. Sprinkle more Fontina over. Fold the clean half over the filling to cover and press gently to seal. Repeat with remaining tortillas evenly dividing the filling ingredients.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil on a heavy large griddle over medium heat. Working in batches, cook the quesadillas until the cheese melts and the tortillas are golden brown, adding more oil as needed, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer the quesadillas to baking sheets and keep them warm in the oven while cooking the remaining quesadillas.nSprinkle the remaining Parmesan over the quesadillas. Cut each quesadilla into 4 wedges. Arrange them on a platter. Garnish the platter with parsley sprigs and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, plus more as needed, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 9 8inchdiameter flour tortillas, 3 cups shredded Fontina, 34 cup jarred roasted red bell peppers, drained well and patted dry, 13 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 13 cup freshly shredded Parmesan, plus 3 tablespoons for garnish], title: Italian Quesadillas, picturelink: j.lG.XThjZKG480cIwPxbNU14h3n8q6}, 24303: {instructions: In a medium heavy skillet, heat the olive oil over low heat. Add the onions and bell peppers and cook, stirring occasionally, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until softened. Add the garlic, cumin, and paprika and cook for 2 minutes more, until the aroma is released. Add the tomatoes, pimentos, bay leaf, vinegar, Tabasco, sherry, clam juice and salt to the pan and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, for about 10 minutes or until thickened and saucy. Add the crab meat and cook for another 6 minutes, then remove from the heat and taste for seasoning. Cover and set aside at the back of the stove while you cook the cornmeal. In a large heavy saucepan, combine the cornmeal, water, oil, and salt. Mix together well and place the pan over medium high heat. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat and cover the pan. Cook for 25 to 30 minutes over very low heat, removing the lid to thoroughly stir the mixture every 2 or 3 minutes. When the cornmeal has thickened, season it generously with pepper. Remove the bay leaf from the sauce and gently reheat it if necessary. Ladle the cornmeal into shallow heated bowls and top with a generous ladleful of the crab sauce. Or if desired, mix the two together thoroughly before serving., ingredients: [14 cup Spanish olive oil, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 2 large red bell peppers, stemmed, seeded, and finely chopped, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons paprika, 6 canned plum tomatoes, drained and coarsely chopped, 12 cup drained and chopped pimentos, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 dashes Tabasco, 12 cup dry sherry, 12 cup clam juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds fresh lump crab meat, picked over, 1 12 cups coarsely ground yellow cornmeal, 9 cups cold water, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Crab and Cornmeal Stew, picturelink: null}, 24304: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Mix together flour, water, yeast and salt. Form into a large donut shape. Place a large bowl inside the hole so it doesnt close up while baking. Place whole eggs, evenly spaced, on top of dough. Push into dough so that some dough comes up on the sides and slightly on the top of the eggs. Brush top with beaten egg. Let rise, covered, at room temperature for 30 minutes. Bake in oven for 1 hour. Reduce temperature to 250 and bake 1 hour longer or until dough is nicely browned., ingredients: [3 pounds flour, 1 quart warm water, 1 pack yeast, 3 teaspoons salt], title: Easter Bread, picturelink: null}, 24305: {instructions: Put the kale in a large bowl, add the juice of 1 lime and a large pinch of salt, and rub the juice and salt into the kale with your hands. Let sit in the refrigerator overnight to tenderize.nMelt the coconut oil in a microwavesafe small bowl in the microwave in 30second increments, stirring in between. Whisk the oil with the yogurt, 12 the zest and all the juice of the remaining lime, 2 tablespoons water, vinegar, flaxseeds if using, honey and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl.nAdd the romaine, apples, grapes, granola and parsley to the bowl of kale. Toss with the dressing to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt if needed. Divide among 4 serving bowls, and serve., ingredients: [1 small head kale, stemmed and torn into bitesize pieces, or 8 cups baby kale, 2 limes, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons virgin or extravirgin coconut oil, 12 cup plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon ground flaxseeds, optional, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 heart of romaine, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 Granny Smith apples, cut into bitesize pieces, 1 cup green grapes, halved lengthwise, 12 cup of your favorite granola, 12 cup loosely packed fresh parsley leaves], title: Greens, Grapes and Granola Breakfast Salad, picturelink: 259jI4V2fEHQbV4EhZxTIqn7bds5NS}, 24306: {instructions: Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper and set aside. Place the flour in a shallow plate and season with the cayenne, salt and pepper. Set aside.nPour the canola oil into a large castiron skillet to a depth of 34 inch. Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 375 degrees F. Set up brown paper bags or several layered paper towels nearby for draining the chicken.nStarting with the dark meat, one piece at a time, add the chicken to the seasoned flour and turn to coat. Shake to remove excess flour. One piece at a time, add the chicken to the hot oil. The oil should not quite cover the chicken. Do not overcrowd the pan this can be dangerous and result in soggy chicken, too.nFry the pieces, turning them once or twice, until the coating is rich golden brown on all sides, 10 to 14 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and cover the skillet. Continue cooking until the chicken is cooked all the way through and the juices run clear when pricked with a knife, another 10 to 15 minutes. An instantread thermometer inserted into a thigh should register 170 degrees F. Remove and drain the chicken on the brown paper bags or paper towels.nRemove the skillet from the heat. Carefully pour off most of the grease into a metal bowl or can, leaving 2 to 3 tablespoons in the pan with the browned crumbs. Reduce the heat to very low. Add 4 tablespoons of the remaining flour used to coat the chicken. Stir together with a wooden spoon and cook, stirring often, until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Add the milk and stock or water. Cook, stirring often, until the gravy is smooth and thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Add a heaping pinch of black pepper. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt.nServe the gravy with the rice and chicken., ingredients: [1 cup whole or 2percent milk, 1 cup homemade chicken stock, reducedfat lowsodium chicken broth or water, Cooked rice, for serving, One 2 to 2 12pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more if needed, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, Canola oil, for frying], title: Skillet Fried Chicken with Black Pepper Gravy, picturelink: .S2It3xg7LGsk8J19vp7a09OH5hquPC}, 24307: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPit and halve avocados and scoop out flesh into a mixing bowl. Mash avocados with a fork, leaving it still a bit chunky. Add remaining ingredients, gently mix.nRefrigerate covered with plastic wrap for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [4 ripe avocados, 1 lime, juiced, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tomato, diced, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon chili powder, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Guacamole, picturelink: XnSrsgPtYjvlB.qsH14kQXPLqLqg6}, 24308: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the tomato sauce, basil and 1 cup water. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to medium low and cook until thickened, about 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, pour some flour into a shallow bowl. Beat the egg with 14 cup water in another bowl. Mix the breadcrumbs, parsley and 1 tablespoon parmesan in a third bowl. Coat the chicken with the flour, then with the egg mixture and breadcrumbs. Transfer to a plate.nPreheat the broiler. Cook the pasta as the label directs drain. Meanwhile, heat the remaining olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken cook until golden, 3 minutes per side. Top with the sauce, mozzarella and the remaining 1 tablespoon parmesan. Transfer to the broiler until melted, about 2 minutes. Transfer the chicken to plates. Toss the pasta with the remaining sauce in the skillet and serve with the chicken. Top with basil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 4 leaves basil, torn, plus more for topping, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 1 large egg, 34 cup breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 4 chicken cutlets about 4 ounces each, 6 ounces angel hair pasta, 4 ounces mozzarella, sliced], title: Chicken Parmesan, picturelink: 8ZSWoXE1j7h6aXhbbQFRGCCg7brGmm}, 24309: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Combine all ingredients and shape into oblong loaf. Cook 112 hours to 2 hours or until done., ingredients: [1 large onion, diced, 1 green pepper, diced, 2 tablespoons garlic salt, 3 eggs, 5 pounds high quality hamburger meat, 124 ounce can tomato sauce, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Classic Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 24310: {instructions: Carefully remove the husks of each ear of corn, taking care not to rip the widest husks. Select the 24 widest husks and set aside, covered with damp paper towels. Cut 2 of the remaining husks into 8 long strips and reserve, covered with damp paper towels. Cut the corn kernels from each cob and reserve.nIn a large bowl whisk together the lime juice, garlic, jalapeno, cumin and cayenne. Slowly add 6 tablespoons olive oil in a stream, whisking constantly. Add the corn, potatoes, black beans, red bell pepper and season with salt and pepper, tossing to combine and coat with the dressing. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary. Add the cilantro leaves, stirring to combine.nPlace 2 corn husks, concave side up, on a work surface, overlapping them at the wider ends by 2 inches. Center a third husk on top of the first two husks. Arrange about a 12 cup of the vegetable mixture in the center of the husks. Fold the sides of the corn husks up and over the filling to cover it completely. Tie at either end with a corn husk strip to secure the filling, forming a cigarshaped packet. Make more packets in the same manner with the remaining ingredients. Packets can be made up to 4 hours in advance.nPreheat grill or grill pan.nBrush the packets with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and grill each packet for 6 minutes per side, covered. If desired, cut each packet open and sprinkle grated cheese over vegetables. Return packets to grill or broil until cheese is melted. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large fresh ears corn, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 jalapeno, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 12 cup olive oil, 2 large red potatoes, boiled, peeled and diced, 1 cup canned black beans, rinsed and drained, 12 red bell pepper, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup packed cilantro leaves, 1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, optional], title: Stuffed and Grilled Corn Husks, picturelink: null}, 24311: {instructions: For the Miso Paste: Mix all the ingredients together until a nice paste is formed. Reserve.nPROCEDURE: Mix all marinade ingredients together with 1 cup water until smooth. Add the beef and marinate for 4 hours, periodically massaging the meat. Prepare the charcoal grill. When the coals are glowing, place the strips of meat on the grill and cook to taste. Place the grilled meat on a Romaine lettuce leaf with rice, miso paste and grated daikon. Roll up the lettuce leaf, making sure the ends are secure, and eat like a wrap., ingredients: [14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup Japanese light miso, 12 cup Korean dark miso, 14 cup red chili paste, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, 5 pounds boneless beef short rib, sliced thinly and cut into pieces 6 inches long and 5 inches wide, 8 romaine lettuce leaves, 12 cup grated daikon, 2 cups cooked white rice, 1 Asian pear, finely grated, 12 large onion, finely grated, 12 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons mirin sweetened rice wine, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons sake, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons honey, 14 cup sesame oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic or to taste, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons white sugar], title: Kal Bi Marinated Boneless Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 24312: {instructions: Combine the arugula, parsley, cheese, pine nuts, shallot and some salt and pepper in a food processor, and process until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, pour in the olive oil and blend until emulsified. The mixture should be slightly loose if it is stiff, add a splash of water and process briefly to combine.nPreheat the grill to high heat. Brush the cut sides of the peaches with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill cutside down, covered, until charred, about 3 minutes. Flip over and continue grilling, covered, until soft, 3 or 4 minutes longer. Arrange the peaches cutside up on a serving platter and drizzle with some olive oil. Spoon some pesto into the center of each peach half, then fold a piece of prosciutto and place it on the edge. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups baby arugula, 1 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 small shallot, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 slightly underripe peaches, halved and pitted, Canola oil, for brushing, 8 thin slices prosciutto], title: Grilled Peaches with Arugula Pesto and Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 24313: {instructions: Remove phyllo dough from package and cover with a dry towel. Using a pastry brush, spread olive oil on 1sheet of dough. Place another sheet on top and brush with more oil. Repeat 3 more times to finish with 5 layers. Cut the dough into 4 equal squares. Place each square on an inverted ramekin on a sheet pan. Bake at 400 degrees for approximately 5 to 8 minutes or until golden brown.nMake the vinaigrette by simply mixing all of the ingredients in a mixing bowl.nCut the 8 ounces of goat cheese into 4 equal parts. Place the goat cheese into the phyllo cup and put in a 300 degree oven for about 2 minutes. Remove from oven and place onto a plate. Toss the greens with the vinaigrette and place on top the cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 package phyllo dough, 1 cup olive oil, 8 ounces fresh goat cheese, 2 rounded cups mixed greens, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 14 cup chopped black olives, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme], title: Goat Cheese Tart on Phyllo, picturelink: null}, 24314: {instructions: Freeze the pork tenderloin until firm, about 30 minutes slice it into very thin slices, then into narrow strips. Refrigerate the pork. Put the tree ear mushrooms in a small bowl and the shiitake in another. Bring a small pot of water to a boil. Pour the hot water over the mushrooms and set them aside to rehydrate for about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the broth, garlic, ginger, in a large sauce pan. Crush the white part of 1 scallion with the side of a knife, add to the pan, simmer, covered for 15 minutes.nThinly slice the remaining scallions and reserve. Remove the mushrooms from the water and discard the liquid. Squeeze out any excess moisture from the shiitake and thinly slice.nRemove the garlic, ginger, and scallion from the broth and discard. Add the mushrooms, soy, vinegar, pepper, and salt and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the cornstarch mixture, bring to a boil, and then simmer over medium heat for 5 minutes. Pour the egg into the soup and stir once to make delicate threads. Stir in the remaining scallions, oil, tofu, and pork, return to a simmer. Remove from the heat to prevent the meat from getting tough, adjust seasonings to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ounces pork tenderloin, 5 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 2 tablespoons broken tree ear mushrooms, 10 dried shitake mushrooms, 2 cloves garlic, crushed and peeled, 12inch slice fresh ginger, 3 scallions, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar plus more to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon kosher salt plus more to taste, 3 tablespoons cornstarch dissolved in 3 tablespoons cold water, 1 large egg lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon Asian toasted sesame oil, 4 ounces firm tofu bean curd, cut into 12inch cubes], title: Hot and Sour Soup, picturelink: null}, 24315: {instructions: Place the tongue in a medium saucepan and add water  add enough to cover. Add the white onion, carrot, celery, bay leaves, clove, salt and black peppercorns. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, 1 12 to 2 hours, until tender. Transfer the tongue to a cutting board, cover with a damp towel and set aside to cool. Strain and reserve the stock.nPeel and discard the tongues skin. Cut the meat into 3 x 12inch julienne strips.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Saute the red onion until well browned, about 10 minutes. Stir in the garlic and saute an additional 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and jalapenos and saute 2 minutes longer. Then add the tongue and reserved stock. Simmer 8 minutes. Sprinkle in the oregano, and remove from the heat. Serve over white rice., ingredients: [1 pound veal tongue, 3 quarts water, 1 small white onion, quartered, 1 carrot, peeled and cut into 4 pieces, 1 celery rib, cut into 4 pieces, 4 bay leaves, 1 whole clove, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium red onion, diced, 6 garlic cloves, minced, 2 medium or 5 Roma tomatoes, cored, seeded and diced, 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and diced, 12 bunch oregano, leaves only, chopped], title: Tongue Stew, picturelink: null}, 24316: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace a large pot over mediumlow heat. Add the leftover potatoes and hot water and stir with a wooden spoon until the potatoes begin to soften and get hot, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the milk, butter, yogurt, 1 teaspoon ajwain and a pinch of salt and stir well until the mixture is smooth. Set aside.nPlace a large skillet over medium heat and add the oil. When it is hot, add the garlic, ginger and onions, and cook until the onions are soft and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the celery and stir, and then add the garam masala, Italian mixed herbs, the remaining 1 teaspoon ajwain seeds and a pinch of salt, and cook for about 30 seconds. Stir in the ground beef, stir and let it cook through, about 5 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes and 12 cup water, and then stir in the cooked lentils and simmer for 5 minutes. Pour into a 9 by 13inch baking dish and sprinkle with the mozzarella. Spread the mashed potatoes evenly over the top and sprinkle with the paprika. Bake until it is bubbling and hot, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 cups leftover mashed potatoes, 12 to 1 cup hot water, 12 cup milk, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons plain yogurt, 2 teaspoons ajwain, Salt, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 onion, chopped, 3 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 tablespoon Italian mixed herbs dried basil, dried oregano, dried thyme, 1 pound ground beef, 1 cup crushed tomatoes, 2 cups cooked brown lentils, 1 cup grated mozzarella, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika], title: Indian Shepherds Pie, picturelink: null}, 24317: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 24 muffin cups with cupcake liners.nTo a medium bowl, add the cake mix, eggs, yogurt, flour and 1 cup water. Using a handheld mixer, beat the mixture until completely smooth and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Remove half of the batter to a separate bowl. To one of the bowls of batter, add 14 cup of the cocoa powder and continue to mix until combined, about a minute more.nUsing a 1tablespoon ice cream scoop, scoop 1 heaping tablespoon of the vanilla batter onto one side of all of the muffin cups. Scoop a heaping tablespoon of the chocolate batter right next to the vanilla scoop so it is half chocolate, half vanilla. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the middle of a cupcake comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes in the tin and then remove the cupcakes to a wire rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, place the butter, confectioners sugar, vanilla and salt in a large bowl. Using a handheld mixer, beat the mixture on mediumhigh speed for 3 minutes. Remove half of the frosting from the bowl and reserve as vanilla. Fold the remaining 12 cup cocoa powder into the remaining half of the frosting.nUsing a rubber spatula, spoon the vanilla frosting into a resealable plastic baggie or a pastry bag. Spoon the chocolate into a separate bag. Snip the tips of the bags and pipe the frosting in two spirals on top of the cooled cupcakes. Swirl the tops with a spoon. You should get a little of each flavor on each cupcake Top each cupcake with 3 MMs. Store, covered, at room temperature., ingredients: [One 15.25ounce box vanilla cake mix, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup lowfat Greek yogurt, such as Fage, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 4 sticks 1 pound unsalted butter, softened, 6 cups confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 72 MMs], title: Black and White Cupcakes, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 24318: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium sized bowl combine the 3 varieties of olives other olives may be substituted in addition to the capers, anchovy, zest, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon garlic, and 6 tablespoons olive oil. Using a spoon, fold the ingredients together, adding pepper, to taste. Set aside to allow flavors to blend.nIn a medium sized bowl combine the yam, butter, sugar, and sage leaves, mixing with a spoon. Spread evenly onto a small sheet pan and bake until lightly caramelized, 20 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside keeping warm.nUsing 2 pieces of plastic wrap, sandwich 1 breast at a time and pound lightly with a mallet or meat tenderizer evenly until 14inch thick. Repeat with the remaining pieces of chicken breast, and sprinkle 1 tablespoon oil over each. Season lightly with salt and pepper on both sides. In a large saute pan, over high heat, add 1 tablespoon oil. When hot add chicken breasts, 1 at a time, allowing them to caramelize before flipping. Cook until liquid runs clear from the breast, approximately 2 minutes per side being careful not to over cook. Repeat with remaining breasts, set aside keeping warm. Brush breasts with remaining lemon juice.nIn a large saute pan over high heat, add 1 tablespoon oil. When hot add the remaining garlic and cook until fragrant, 10 seconds. Add spinach and toss to distribute garlic. Season lightly. When just wilted remove from the pan and set aside.nPlate 1 chicken breast, then top with spinach and the olive mixture. Serve with yams.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium sized bowl combine the 3 varieties of olives other olives may be substituted in addition to the capers, anchovy, zest, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon garlic, and 6 tablespoons olive oil. Using a spoon, fold the ingredients together, adding pepper, to taste. Set aside to allow flavors to blend.nIn a medium sized bowl combine the yam, butter, sugar, and sage leaves, mixing with a spoon. Spread evenly onto a small sheet pan and bake until lightly caramelized, 20 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside keeping warm.nUsing 2 pieces of plastic wrap, sandwich 1 breast at a time and pound lightly with a mallet or meat tenderizer evenly until 14inch thick. Repeat with the remaining pieces of chicken breast, and sprinkle 1 tablespoon oil over each. Season lightly with salt and pepper on both sides. In a large saute pan, over high heat, add 1 tablespoon oil. When hot add chicken breasts, 1 at a time, allowing them to caramelize before flipping. Cook until liquid runs clear from the breast, approximately 2 minutes per side being careful not to over cook. Repeat with remaining breasts, set aside keeping warm. Brush breasts with remaining lemon juice.nIn a large saute pan over high heat, add 1 tablespoon oil. When hot add the remaining garlic and cook until fragrant, 10 seconds. Add spinach and toss to distribute garlic. Season lightly. When just wilted remove from the pan and set aside.nPlate 1 chicken breast, then top with spinach and the olive mixture. Serve with yams., ingredients: [14 cup kalamata olives, pitted and rough chopped, 14 cup lucques olives, pitted and roughly chopped, 14 cup nicoise olives, pitted and roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped capers, 1 small anchovy, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 4 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 11 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large sweet yam, orange flesh preferred, peeled and small diced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 medium sage leaves, finely chopped, 4 chicken breasts, skin removed, 3 cups packed baby spinach, triple washed and dried, 14 cup kalamata olives, pitted and rough chopped, 14 cup lucques olives, pitted and roughly chopped, 14 cup nicoise olives, pitted and roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped capers, 1 small anchovy, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 4 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 11 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large sweet yam, orange flesh preferred, peeled and small diced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 medium sage leaves, finely chopped, 4 chicken breasts, skin removed, 3 cups packed baby spinach, triple washed and dried], title: Chicken Paillard with TriOlive Tapanade, Roast Sage Yams and Sauteed Garlic Spinach, picturelink: null}, 24319: {instructions: Heat the oil in a mediumsize saucepot at a medium heat. Add the onions, ginger, and Scotch Bonnet peppers let saute for 5 to 8 minutes. Add butter and curry powder and let sit until curry powder turns a dark gold. Add the chicken and continue to cook for 8 to 10 minutes. Add the potatoes and cook for another couple of minutes before adding the coconut milk. Let simmer for 30 to 45 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon freshly minced ginger, 1 small Scotch Bonnet pepper, minced do not touch face or eyes after handling immediately wash hands, 12 stick butter, 2 tablespoons Jamaican curry, 1 12 pounds chicken, chopped into 1inch pieces, 2 large russet potatoes, chopped, One 16ounce can coconut milk, 8 ounces chicken stock], title: Jamaican Curry Chicken and Potatoes with Scotch Bonnet Hot Peppers, picturelink: yjiCezt8q1YYbQAhyND7yp5nYycVju}, 24320: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together the sour cream and eggs in a small bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and mix well.nMelt the butter in a nonstick pan over mediumlow heat. Add the eggs and gently scramble. Remove from the heat, sprinkle with the chives and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sour cream, 2 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon butter, 1 tablespoon chopped chives], title: Sour Cream Scrambled Eggs, picturelink: M5dpRCd8fbFdsS8LGUj9x0J4a.u6S}, 24321: {instructions: Wash the greens well, picking them over to remove any brown spots or blemishes. Drain well. Discard the discolored outer leaves and cut out the thick ribs. Tear the greens into pieces. Place the bacon strips in a large heavy saucepan and cook over medium heat until it is translucent and the bottom of the pan is coated with the rendered bacon fat. Add the greens and the water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and continue to cook until the greens are tender, about 2 hours. Add the seasonings and serve hot. Top with traditional accompaniments, if desired., ingredients: [4 pounds mixed collard, mustard and turnip greens, 8 strips bacon, 6 cups water, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Mixed Greens, picturelink: null}, 24322: {instructions: For the lentils: Remove the outer layers from the head of garlic and cut off about 14 inch of the stem end to expose the cloves. Add the lentils to a large pot and cover them by 2 inches with water. Add the onion, carrots, celery, bay leaf, the head of garlic and a couple of pinches of salt. Bring the lentils to a boil over high heat, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the lentils are creamy and tender, about 40 minutes.nRemove and discard the onion, carrots, celery, bay leaf and garlic. Using an immersion blender, puree about onethird of the lentils and return them to the pot. Or scoop onethird of the lentils into a standard blender and puree, then add back to the pot.nFor the soffrito: In a food processor, combine the red onion, carrots, celery, rosemary and thyme and pulse until the vegetables are minced. Add the mixture to a separate large soup pot along with the olive oil. Turn the heat to high and fry the vegetables, stirring occasionally, until they soften and color slightly, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the tomato paste, canned tomatoes with their juice, and a couple pinches of salt to the soffrito and stir. Reduce the heat to mediumhigh and cook for 10 minutes. Add the kale and another pinch of salt, stirring to coat the leaves. Reduce the heat to medium and cook for 10 minutes, until the kale is soft.nAdd the lentils into the pot of vegetables and stir. Add about 2 cups water, a little at a time, to thin the soup it can be more or less water, depending on the level of thickness you prefer. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for about 30 minutes to allow the flavors to come together. Taste and add salt, if needed. Serve with black pepper, Parmesan and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [1 head garlic, 1 pound brown lentils, 12 yellow onion, 1 carrot, peeled and halved lengthwise, 1 celery stalk, cut into large pieces, 1 bay leaf, Fine sea salt, 1 medium red onion, coarsely chopped about 2 cups, 2 small carrots, coarsely chopped about 1 cup, 2 celery stalks, coarsely chopped about 1 cup, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for serving, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, One 14.5ounce can whole peeled tomatoes with their juices, Fine sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch Tuscan kale, stems and center ribs removed, leaves washed and coarsely chopped, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, for serving], title: Lentil Soup with Tomato and Tuscan Kale, picturelink: 6eIPX9MHydfDwgdp5LWlv1kuK4Hp9S}, 24323: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites and salt on mediumlow speed until frothy, about 1 minute. With the machine on mediumhigh speed, gradually add the sugar, about 1 tablespoon at a time. Add the cream of tartar, vanilla extract and espresso powder. Increase the speed to high and beat until the mixture is thick and holds stiff peaks, 3 to 5 minutes. Using a spatula, fold in the chocolate chips.nDrop 14 to 12 cupfuls of the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet, spacing them 2 inches apart. Bake for 30 minutes. Rotate the pan and bake for another 30 minutes. Turn off the oven and allow the meringues to cool while still in the oven, about 2 hours.nRemove from the oven and let cool completely. Store in bags or an airtight container up to 4 days.nPhotograph by Gemma Comas, ingredients: [3 large egg whites, at room temperature, Pinch of fine sea salt, 34 cup superfine sugar, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 23cup mini semisweet chocolate chips], title: Espresso Chip Meringues, picturelink: g31M0o7mmgvovIS0IYyh.8vUOBRu}, 24324: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: The Kings Cornbread, picturelink: r9WSr.NOgwO2Y9CbKtFij5fT.3nHcC}, 24325: {instructions: Scoop the avocado flesh into a bowl. Mash the avocados and season with salt, pepper and lime juice. Stir in the cilantro, onions, garlic, mango, habanero and red bell pepper. Taste and adjust the seasoning if necessary., ingredients: [3 medium ripe avocados, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 to 3 limes, juiced, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, minced, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 1 clove garlic, grated, 1 ripe mango, peeled and diced, 12 to 1 small habanero ribs and seeds removed unless you want it hot, minced, 14 red bell pepper, diced], title: Chunky Mango Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 24326: {instructions: Special equipment: an 18inch piping bag fitted with a round tipnFor the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin pans with cupcake liners.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, add the sugar, glutenfree baking mix, cocoa powder and salt and mix on low speed until combined. Add the eggs one at a time, waiting until each is fully incorporated before adding the next. Add the milk, oil and vanilla and mix on low speed until combined. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl to make sure all the ingredients are thoroughly combined. Turn the mixer to low and slowly pour in 1 cup hot water, making sure it is evenly incorporated into the batter.nFill the cupcake liners twothirds full with the batter and bake until the top of each cupcake is slightly springy to the touch and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 14 to 16 minutes. Immediately turn the cupcakes out of the pans onto a cooling rack and let cool completely.nFor the chocolate ganache: Put the cream in a saucepot and heat to a scald over medium heat. Do not boilnPut the chocolate in a mixing bowl and pour the hot cream over it. Let it sit a moment and then gently stir to combine and melt the chocolate. Set aside to cool and thicken up slightly. The ganache can be made several days ahead of time and kept in an airtight container in the refrigerator.nFor the caramel corn: Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper. Spread the popcorn out on the baking sheet and carefully pick out and discard any unpopped kernels.nIn a saucepot, bring the butter, sugar, salt and 14 cup water to a rolling boil over mediumhigh heat. Stirring constantly, boil until the mixture thickens and darkens to the color of peanut butter. Just before the mixture starts to smoke, quickly pour it over the popcorn on the baking sheet. Using two spatulas, quickly toss the popcorn in the caramel to coat the corn, and spread it out on the baking sheet. Set aside to cool completely, and then break up into pieces.nFor the marshmallow creme mascarpone frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer using a whisk attachment, combine the marshmallow creme, mascarpone, heavy cream, vanilla extract, vanilla bean paste and salt and whisk on low speed until there are no lumps and all the ingredients are combined. Turn to mediumhigh speed and whip to mediumfirm peaks.nFit an 18inch piping bag with a round tip and twist and hold the bag right by the tip to prevent the frosting from leaking out. Fold the top of the piping bag over your hand and spoon the frosting into the bag.nTo assemble, dip each cupcake in the chocolate ganache, roll in the caramel corn pieces to create a crunchy shell, top with the marshmallow creme mascarpone frosting and drizzle with more chocolate ganache. Garnish with a piece of caramel corn, ingredients: [2 23 cups sugar, 1 12 cups glutenfree allpurpose baking mix, 1 cup cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 12 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 5 ounces heavy whipping cream, 5 ounces chopped goodquality milk chocolate, such as Callebaut, 1 bag salted microwave popcorn, popped about 3 cups popped, 8 ounces 2 sticks salted butter, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, Two 7ounce jars marshmallow creme, 8 ounces mascarpone, 23 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons vanilla bean paste, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Barbies Creamy Dreamy Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 24327: {instructions: Break off the leaves of the escarole and wash them individually, taking care to remove any soil at the base of the stems. Shake the leaves dry, stack them up, and slice the escarole crosswise into ribbons about 1 12inches wide.nPlace a large deep skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil and butter. Toss in the garlic, red pepper flakes, bay leaves, and lemon slices cook and stir for a couple of minutes, tossing to combine. Nestle the escarole into the pan and saute until it begins to wilt and shrink down, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle the escarole with a pinch of sugar and season with salt and pepper. Pour in the water and cover the pan. Simmer for 20 minutes until the escarole is tender., ingredients: [1 head escarole, about 1 pound, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 garlic cloves, sliced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 bay leaves, 12 lemon, cut in thin slices, 2 cups water or chicken broth, Pinch sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Braised Escarole with Garlic and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 24328: {instructions: Halve the cheese bites and add to a serving bowl. Finely dice the ham, then halve the tomatoes and add to bowl with the cheese. Thinly slice the scallions and herbs, add to the bowl and dress salad with a liberal dose of olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste. Char the bread in a hot oven or under the broiler and serve with the salad for topping., ingredients: [1 pinttub bocconcini, small bites fresh mozzarella in water, 1 slice, 14inch thick slice prosciutto, 1 pint multicolored baby or grape tomatoes or red grape tomatoes, 4 thin scallions, whites and greens, trimmed, A handful basil leaves, thinly sliced, A handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices peasant bread], title: Breakfast Crostini, picturelink: null}, 24329: {instructions: To peel the plantains, cut off ends and discard. With a paring knife, make 3 shallow slits lengthwise along the seams of the skin and peel away. Split the plantains lengthwise.nHeat 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet and place over medium low heat plantains have a high sugar content and will burn if the heat is too high. Fry the plantains in a single layer, until golden on the bottom then turn over with a spatula. Add the cinnamon, vanilla, and sugar and let cook a few more seconds, just to begin caramelizing the sugar.nJust before serving, melt remaining tablespoon of butter to finish the sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 to 3 ripe black plantains, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon natural vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Sweet Plantains, picturelink: null}, 24330: {instructions: Make the ganache: Place the chocolate in a medium bowl. Bring the cream and 12 teaspoon salt to a boil in a small saucepan, then pour over the chocolate. Shake the bowl so the chocolate is fully submerged in the cream, then let stand 1 minute. Using a small rubber spatula, slowly stir the chocolate and cream in the center of the bowl until it forms a shiny, smooth ganache. Cover the ganache with plastic wrap and let stand in a cool place in your kitchen for at least 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut three 8inch circles out of parchment paper. Using 2 tablespoons butter, grease and flour three 8inch round cake pans and line each pan with a round of parchment paper.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and the remaining 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl until evenly combined. Combine the sugar and remaining 14 tablespoons butter in the bowl of a mixer and beat on mediumhigh speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the almond filling, lemon juice and almond and vanilla extracts and beat until smooth. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the flour mixture, then stir with a rubber spatula until the batter is combined.nDivide the batter equally among 3 bowls. Add the green, yellow and red food colorings to the batter in their separate bowls, then stir the colorings. Scrape each batter into a prepared cake pan and smooth the top with a small offset spatula or rubber spatula. Bake until the cakes are lightly browned and a toothpick inserted in the middle of each cake comes out clean, 20 minutes.nTransfer the cake pans to a wire rack and let cool 15 minutes. Invert the cakes onto the rack, remove the cake pans and discard the parchment paper rounds. Let the cakes cool completely, about 30 minutes. Flip the cakes rightside up and trim the top of each cake with a serrated knife so that it is flat, if necessary.nPlace the green cake on a cake stand and spread 14 cup jam evenly over the top. Place the yellow cake over the green and spread the remaining 14 cup jam evenly over the top. Place the pink layer on top, then loosely wrap the cake in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nUnwrap the cake and scrape the ganache on top the ganache will be the consistency of thick pudding. Using an offset spatula, spread the ganache evenly over the side and top of the cake, leaving a slightly thicker layer on top. Once the ganache is smooth all around, drag the tines of a fork in a wavy pattern across the top of the entire cake. Refrigerate the cake to set the ganache, about 30 minutes. Allow the cake to come to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [8 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips, finely chopped, 23 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 16 tablespoons 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pans see Cooks Note, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 cup sugar, One 12ounce can almond cake and pastry filling, such as Solo brand 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon green liquid food coloring, 12 teaspoon yellow liquid food coloring, 14 teaspoon red liquid food coloring, 12 cup seedless raspberry or apricot jam], title: Italian Rainbow Cookie Cake, picturelink: null}, 24331: {instructions: In a steamer, set over boiling water, steam the carrots, covered, for 4 to 8 minutes, or until they are just tender. In a small skillet melt the butter with the honey over moderately low heat, add the carrots and salt and pepper to taste, and cook the carrots, tossing them, for 1 minute, or until they are wellcoated with the glaze., ingredients: [1 pound baby carrots, trimmed and peeled, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons honey], title: HoneyGlazed Baby Carrots, picturelink: null}, 24332: {instructions: For the dough: Mix together all the ingredients except the marsala. Add the marsala, as needed, to form a stiff dough. Run the dough through a dough sheeter. Cut the dough into ovals, roughly 3 by 5 inches. Wrap the dough around a wooden stick. Seal well with egg sealer. Let rest overnight.nPreheat the deep fryer filled with soybean oil to 375 degrees F.nFry the shells until golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes, and cool down on paper towellined sheet pan. Once cool, remove the metal or wooden sticks and store in an airtight container until ready for use.nFor the ricotta cream: Mix the ricotta cheese with the sugar. Add the cream as needed. Add the vanilla extract, cinnamon oil, citron, and chocolate chips. Refrigerate until needed.nFill each cannoli with the ricotta cream with a pastry bag or spoon., ingredients: [2 12 pounds allpurpose flour, 2 12 whole eggs, 2 ounces sugar, 2 ounces vegetable shortening recommended: Crisco, Pinch salt, Pinch ground cinnamon, Marsala wine, as needed, Soybean oil, for deepfrying, 60 ounces ricotta impastata, 20 ounces sugar, Liquid cream, as needed, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 to 2 drops cinnamon oil, 1 ounce diced candied citron, 1 ounce chocolate chips 4000 count], title: Cannolo Siciliano, picturelink: y4mqAD58Mil4GQvUsso7fjVK9mqHifu}, 24333: {instructions: Stir the oats and water together in a small bowl and let sit for 5 minutes.nPut the oat mixture, peaches, ice cubes, yogurt, honey and cinnamon into a blender. Blend on high until very smooth. Add 1 to 2 tablespoons of water if needed to adjust consistency. Pour into a glass and garnish with a peach wedge., ingredients: [3 tablespoons quickcooking rolled oats, 14 cup hot water, 2 small, ripe yellow peaches, peeled, pitted and roughly chopped, plus one wedge reserved for garnish, 34 cup ice cubes, 13 cup lowfat vanilla yogurt, 1 tablespoon honey, Pinch ground cinnamon], title: Peachy Oat Smoothie, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 24334: {instructions: If using dried beans, sort through them to remove any small stones or debris. Place the beans in a large bowl and add water to cover. Soak overnight. Or place the beans in a large pot of water and bring to a boil over high heat. Once the beans come to a boil, remove from the heat and set aside for 1 hour. Before cooking, discard any floating beans and drain. Combine the soaked beans and fresh water to cover in a large, heavybottomed Dutch oven. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then decrease the heat to low. Simmer, covered, until the beans are tender, about 1 hour. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and black pepper. Set aside.nHeat a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add the sausage, beef and onions. Cook, stirring often, breaking up the meat, until no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and jalapeno and cook until fragrant, 45 to 60 seconds. Add the chili powder, cumin, tomatoes and stock. Season with salt and black pepper. Bring to a boil over high heat then reduce the heat to simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 30 minutes. Add the cornmeal and reserved cooked or canned and drained black beans and stir to combine. Cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened and the flavors have married, about 15 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and black pepper. Serve the chili with sour cream, green onions and hot sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 pound dried black beans or three 15ounce cans black beans, drained, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 pound ground beef, 2 onions, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, cored, seeded and chopped, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, Two 28ounce cans whole tomatoes, undrained and coarsely chopped, 1 14 cups homemade chicken stock or reducedfat lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons finely ground cornmeal, Sour cream, for serving, Chopped green onions, for serving, Hot sauce, for serving], title: Tailgate Chili, picturelink: v0S6ygLagEB4tPGJiNN.qtoxNamht6e}, 24335: {instructions: For the dough: Combine the milk, granulated sugar, butter, salt and yeast in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the hook attachment and stir to combine well. Add the eggs and stir until well mixed. Add the flour and mix on mediumhigh speed until the dough is smooth and elastic, about 4 minutes.nTransfer the dough to a large, lightly oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap or a clean kitchen towel. Let stand in a warm, draftfree place until doubled in size, 1 12 to 2 hours.nPunch the dough down and lightly flour a work surface. Lay the dough out and pat or roll the dough out into an 18by12inch rectangle.nFor the filling: Butter a 13by9inch glass baking dish. Spread the softened butter evenly all over the dough, leaving a 12inch border, then sprinkle evenly with the brown sugar and cinnamon. Sprinkle with the pecans and raisins if using. Starting with a short end, roll up the dough and press and crimp the edges to seal. Cut the dough into 12 slices and arrange them in the buttered baking dish. If you want to bake them the same day, cover with plastic wrap and let stand until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Otherwise, refrigerate overnight take out of the refrigerator and let sit at room temperature for 1 hour before baking.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bake the cinnamon rolls until puffed and golden brown all over, about 25 minutes.nFor the icing: Put the confectioners sugar in a medium bowl. Whisk in the melted butter, vanilla and 4 tablespoons of milk whisk until smooth. Add additional milk, about 1 teaspoon at a time, if needed to achieve a thick but spreadable consistency.nSpread the icing over the warm cinnamon rolls. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup warm whole milk, 13 cup granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, One .25ounce package active dry yeast, 2 large eggs, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Vegetable oil, for the bowl, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the baking dish, 34 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup chopped toasted pecans, optional, 12 cup raisins, optional, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons milk, plus more as needed], title: Christmas Morning Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: LnfwksyMREcwwJuqu1cHzHkOi8Fu.e}, 24336: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Start by putting the chicken in a pot and covering it with water. Bring the water to a boil, and then reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 45 minutes, and then remove the chicken from the pot. Set the chicken aside to cool briefly.nShred the chicken with 2 forks, reserving the bones. For the stock, return the bones to the pot and boil for 20 minutes. Remove the bones from the pot and discard.nFor the pot pie: When youre ready to use the Thyme Pastry, remove from the freezer and allow it to sit on the counter to thaw slightly, about 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBegin by finely dicing the vegetables. Slice the celery stalks into narrow strips, then slice in the other direction to create a fine dice. Repeat this process with the carrots, and the onion.nMelt the butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the onion, carrots and celery. Saute until the vegetables start to turn translucent, a couple of minutes.nAdd 2 cups of the shredded chicken and stir to combine. Sprinkle the flour evenly over the vegetables and chicken, and stir to combine. Cook for a couple of minutes, stirring gently.nPour in the chicken broth, stirring constantly. Stir in the bouillon cube and wine if using. The flour will combine with the chicken to create a delicious gravy. Next, add the peas.nPour in the cream and stir. Allow the mixture to cook over low heat, thickening gradually, about 4 minutes. Season with the thyme, salt and pepper, and remove from the heat. Taste and adjust the seasonings as needed. Be sure its adequately saltednPour the chicken mixture into a deep pie pan or small casserole dish.nRoll out the pastry so that its 1 inch larger than the pan. Place the crust on top of the chicken mixture and cut small slits in the top. Press the crust gently into the sides of the dish to seal. I dont worry about making a perfect edge on my chicken pot pie because a it looks more rustic and b Im lazy, hungry and I want to eat.nBake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbly, about 30 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before serving.nTo freeze: Allow the filling to cool completely then top with the crust. Cover with plastic wrap or aluminum foil and place in the freezer.nTo cook from frozen: Remove the pot pie from the freezer, brush with egg wash 1 egg mixed with 2 tablespoons water or cream and place directly in a 375degree F oven and bake until lightly browned and bubbly, 30 to 45 minutes.nFor the thyme pastry: Combine the flour and salt in a large bowl. Using pastry cutter, gradually work the butter into the flour until the mixture resembles tiny pebbles. This step should take 3 or 4 minutes.nLightly beat the egg with a fork, and then add it to the mixture. Next, add in the cold water and vinegar. Stir the mixture together until its just combined, and then remove half the dough from the bowl. Dividing the dough in half results in two pretty generous pie crusts. If you desire a thinner crust, you may divide the dough into three crusts.nPlace in a large plastic bag do not seal and slightly flatten with a rolling pin. This makes it much easier to roll out the crust later. After flattening, seal the bag tightly.nRepeat with the other half of the dough and place the plastic bags in the freezer. I like to make several batches of pie crust at a time so I always have a crust ready to go.nFor recipes other than this pot pie, remove from the bag and place on a lightly floured surface. With a rolling pin, begin rolling the dough from the center, outward. Be gentle and patient itll take a little time to get the dough completely rolled out.nIf you think the bottom is really sticking to the surface below, use a nice, sharp spatula to loosen it and sprinkle some extra flour on top. Then flip it over to finish rolling. Remember to roll from the center in single, outward strokes no backandforth rolling.nAgain with a spatula, loosen and lift the pie crust and carefully lay it over a pie pan. Using your hand, lightly form the crust so that it fits inside the pan and overlaps the edges.nBecause its quick and easy, I just tuck the excess dough under itself above the rim. Then you can apply whatever decorative effects that you like to the edge. Or you can leave it plain if youd like Just tell yourself its more rustic that waynFill the pie crust with filling and bake according to the pie recipes directions. Or, for a prebaked crust, fill with pie weights or pinto beans placed on aluminum foil and bake at 400 degrees F until golden, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [One 2 to 3pound chicken fryer, cut up, 3 celery stalks, 3 medium carrots, peeled, 1 large yellow onion, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth or stock, 1 chicken bouillon cube, 14 cup white wine, optional, 12 cup frozen peas, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, or more as needed, Black pepper, 12 recipe Thyme Pastry, recipe follows, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups 3 sticks cold butter, 1 egg, 5 tablespoons cold water, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, 1 sprig fresh thyme leaves], title: Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: D9vWzCvTY0ihUnoD8Ld1UuD7GvljRBO}, 24337: {instructions: To prepare the dough, pour warm water in a small bowl. Sprinkle the yeast and sugar onto the top of the water. Briefly let the water absorb the yeast, then stir to dissolve it. Let stand for 15 minutes until the mixture is foamy. In the bowl of a heavyduty electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine 1 12 cups of the flour and the salt on low speed. Add the yeast mixture and oil, and beat until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the remaining 1 cup of flour and beat for 1 minute, until the dough just clears the sides of the bowl. Turn the dough out on a lightly floured work surface and knead for 2 to 3 minutes, until dough is smooth and elastic. The dough should be soft, but use additional flour as needed, 1 tablespoon at a time. Place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and allow to rest in a warm place until tripled in bulk, about 1 12 hours. Cut the dough into 8 pieces and roll each into a ball. Using a rolling pin or your hand, flatten into 6inch circles on a lightly floured surface.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nTo fill calzones, distribute the cheese and meat equally among the 8 circles of dough, placing the fillings on the lower 13 of each circle. Moisten the edges of each dough circle with water. Fold the top 12 of the dough over the bottom 12 to form a half moon, and seal the edges by crimping with a fork. Lightly brush the top and edges of each calzone with egg wash.nPlace on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and bake until golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes. Serve each calzone on top of a small mound of Jimmys Olive Salad.nTo prepare the olive salad, combine all ingredients thoroughly. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours to allow the salad to marinate. Store in container with a tightfitting lid.nYield: 8 servingsnPreheat the oven to300 degrees.nPlace the garlic in a small ovenproof container and pour in the oil. Use additional oil if needed to completely immerse all the garlic cloves. Cover the container with aluminum foil and roast 1 hour, until garlic is soft and light golden brown.nStrain the garlic and place in a blender along with 2 tablespoons of the oil. Puree to a smooth consistency, adding a small amount of oil if necessary. Pour into a container and cover the top of the puree with a thin layer of the oil. Cover and store in the refrigerator.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 cup warm water 110 to 115 degrees, 1 package active dry yeast, Pinch sugar, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional as needed, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound provolone, cut into thin strips, 4 ounces mortadella, cut into thin strips, 4 ounces Genoa salami, cut into thin strips, 1 large egg, lightly beaten with 2 teaspoons water, 2 23 cups Jimmys Olive Salad, recipe follows, 1 cup coarsely chopped, pitted, large green Greek olives with herbs and marinated in oil, 1 cup coarsely chopped queen size Manzanilla olives with pimentos, 1 15 12ounce jar marinated vegetables in vinegar, drained and chopped into small pieces, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon RoastedGarlic Puree, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons capers, drained and rinsed, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground white pepper, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 cup peeled garlic cloves, 1 cup extra virgin or regular olive oil], title: Muffuletta Calzone, picturelink: null}, 24338: {instructions: In a bowl cream together the cheese and the butter until the mixture is smooth. In a saucepan boil the wine with peppercorns until reduced to about 1 tablespoon, add the cream, and boil the liquid until reduced by half. Reduce the heat to moderately low, whisk the cheese mixture, a little at a time, into the cream mixture, and whisk in the parsley. Remove the pan from the heat and keep the sauce warm. Heat a wellseasoned ridged grill pan over moderately high heat until it is hot and in it cook the steak, patted dry and seasoned with salt and pepper, for 4 to 5 minutes on each for side for mediumrare meat. Alternatively, the steak may be broiled under a preheated broiler about 4 inches from the heat for the same amount of time. Let the steak stand on a cutting board for 10 minutes. Cut into thin slices, serve with the sauce and garnish with watercress., ingredients: [14 pound Stilton, softened 12 cup, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup dry white wine, 2 teaspoons freezedried green peppercorns, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 1inch  thick ribeye steak about 1 pound, Watercress sprigs, for garnish], title: RibEye Steak with Stilton, picturelink: null}, 24339: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the flour and salt, and mix thoroughly. In a separate stainless steel bowl, combine the water and yeast, and using a whisk, add 2 tablespoons of oil. Let rest for 5 minutes.nPour the water into the center of the flour, and with a spatula, stir to combine well into a sticky mass. Pour this mass out onto a lightly floured surface and begin to knead the dough by working the dough with the heel of the palm of your hand. Push outward and pull the inside edge over the top. Repeating the process over again to create a smooth ball of dough free of stickiness.nPlace the ball of dough into a clean stainless steel bowl that has been brushed with the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Cover with a clean cloth and let rise at room temperature for 1 12 hours or until it has doubled in size.nWhen the dough has risen it can be divided in half and the two pieces formed into two balls which will later be patted into the traditional pizza shape., ingredients: [3 14 cups unbleached flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 cup warm water, 1 envelope active dry yeast, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Basic Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 24340: {instructions: Preheat broiler to high.nMix bread crumbs with parsley, cheese. Warm the oil and garlic over low heat to infuse flavor, 5 minutes. Pour oil into bread crumbs and combine to distribute equally and moisten the bread crumbs.nSeason the meat with salt and pepper. Coat the meat in bread crumb mixture to coat evenly. Spread meat onto baking sheet and broil until crisp and meat is tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Serve meat on bed of shredded arugula with pasta alongside, such as Spicy Crab and Vermicelli. Give a squeeze of lemon juice over the beef and arugula.nPlace a large pot of water on to boil. Add pasta and salt water. Cook to al dente.nWhile water comes to a boil, heat a deep skillet over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil and butter. To warm oil and butter add crushed red pepper flakes, garlic and shallots, saute 3 minutes, add shiitake mushrooms and cook until tender, 3 to 4 minutes more. Deglaze the pan with sherry or Marsala wine, scatter in crabmeat  feeling for shell bits as you go. Warm the ingredients through, a minute or so, stir in tomatoes and heat through, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in halfandhalf or cream and reduce heat to lowest setting.nDrain pasta when cooked to al dente and toss with sauce and crab. Top with cheese, if using, and basil., ingredients: [1 12 cups Italian bread crumbs, eyeball it, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 12 cup ParmigianoReggiano, a couple of handfuls, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, plus some for drizzling, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 tenderloin steaks, 1 inch thick, cut into bite sized pieces, Salt and pepper, 5 to 6 cups arugula, chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, Spicy Crab and Vermicelli, recipe follows, 1 pound vermicelli, Salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 tablespoon butter, cut into small bits, 12 to 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, eyeball it, medium to spicy heat level, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and thinly sliced, 14 cup dry sherry or Marsala, 8 ounces, drained weight, lump crabmeat, shredded, 1 28ounce can crushed San Marzano tomatoes, 14 cup halfandhalf or cream, eyeball it, 1 pound thin spaghetti, Shredded Romano or Parmigiano, your pick, optional, 10 to 12 basil leaves, shredded], title: Beef Tenderloin Bites on a Bed of Arugula, picturelink: N7Yo7zZzz3Z6Ud8SL5pBa8r.bRpk6VC}, 24341: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nBrush a 9inch springform pan with vegetable oil line bottom with parchment paper.nCombine flour and salt in a medium bowl and set aside. In a large bowl, beat 5 egg yolks and sugar at mediumhigh speed about 2 to 3 minutes, until it is light yellow and ribbons form when beaters are lifted. Add flour mixture to egg mixture and beat on mediumlow until well blended. Beat in lemon zest. In a small bowl, combine wine and olive oil gradually pour into large bowl in a thin, steady stream, beating until thoroughly combined. Set aside.nIn a clean mixing bowl, beat 7 egg whites until stiff not dry peaks form. Gently fold 13 of whites into batter with a rubber spatula, then fold in remaining whites just until combined.nPour batter into prepared pan. Bake 45 to 50 minutes, until cake springs back when gently touched and toothpick inserted into center comes out clean. Remove pan from oven and cool on a wire rack. Run a long, thin knife around edge of pan detach ring.nPulse berries and confectioners sugar in a blender or food processor until smooth, about 30 seconds. Top cake with puree and whole fresh berries., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for brushing pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 large eggs, separated, 34 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons grated fresh lemon zest, or more, to taste, 12 cup DaVero Meyer Lemon or Dry Creek Estate olive oil, 13 cup Gewurztraminer or similar sweet white wine, 2 large egg whites, 1 pint fresh berries, plus additional for garnish, 2 to 4 tablespoons confectioners sugar or more, to taste], title: DaVero Meyer Lemon Olive Oil Cake, picturelink: null}, 24342: {instructions: Blend the hoisin sauce, oyster sauce, ginger, sambal, sesame oil, sugar and garlic in a food processor. Toss the ribs with the marinade, cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 12 hours.nHeat a charcoal or gas grill to high. Cook the ribs for 2 minutes per side., ingredients: [1 12 cups hoisin sauce, 1 cup oyster sauce, 3 ounces fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 14 cup sambal oelek, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 6 cloves garlic, 5 pounds flankencut beef short ribs], title: Hawaiian Style Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 24343: {instructions: Toast 1 teaspoon fennel seeds in a skillet with 1 tablespoon olive oil for 1 minute. Add 1 head thinly sliced red cabbage in batches, season with salt and pepper and stir until wilted. Add a pinch of sugar and a splash each of red wine vinegar and chicken broth. Partially cover and simmer over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, until the cabbage is soft, about 30 minutes. Toss with 2 tablespoons butter and a handful of chopped parsley.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [], title: Braised Cabbage, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 24344: {instructions: Special equipment: a 24cup minimuffin tinnFor the cranberry relish: Combine the cranberries, sugar, orange zest, salt and 1 cup water in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the cranberries break down and the relish has thickened, about 12 minutes. Let cool completely. The relish can be made up to 3 days ahead and kept refrigerated in an airtight container.nFor the mini cornbread muffins: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 24cup minimuffin tin with cooking spray.nWhisk together the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. In another bowl, whisk together the milk, egg and butter until well combined. Pour the milk mixture into the cornmeal mixture and whisk until just incorporated. Spoon the batter evenly into the prepared muffin cups. Bake until a wooden pick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean, about 12 minutes. Let cool in the tin 5 minutes. Remove from the tin.nFor the cranberry cornbread bites: Stir together the butter and chives in a small bowl. Cut the muffins in half crosswise with a serrated knife. Spread a little of the chive butter on both sides of a muffin. Top the bottom half with a piece of ham. Spoon a dollop of cranberry sauce on top. Sandwich with the muffin top and place on a platter. Repeat with the remaining muffins., ingredients: [2 cups fresh or frozen cranberries, 13 cup sugar, 1 orange, zested, Pinch kosher salt, Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup yellow cornmeal, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 23 cup whole milk, 1 large egg, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, 4 ounces thinly sliced deli ham, each slice quartered], title: Cranberry Cornbread Bites, picturelink: MLCxQaueTcbTBKhr5z2vHiKvZWs0Dm}, 24345: {instructions: Grated chocolate, cookie crumbs or chopped nuts for coating the sides of cake, if desirednCake:nLightly coat the insides of 3 9 by 1 12inch cake pans with melted butter. Line each pan with parchment paper, then lightly coat the parchment paper with more melted butter. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees Fahrenheit.nHeat 1inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. Place remaining butter and 8 ounces semisweet chocolate in the top half of the double boiler. Tightly cover the top with film wrap. Allow to heat for 10 to 12 minutes. remove from the heat, stir until smooth, and hold at room temperature.nPlace the egg yolks and 34 cup sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle. Beat on high until slightly thickened and lemoncolored, about 4 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat on high for an additional 2 minutes.nWhile the egg yolks are beating, whisk 4 egg whites in a large stainless steel bowl until stiff, but not dry, about 3 to 4 minutes.nUsing a rubber spatula, fold the melted chocolate mixture into the beaten egg yolk mixture. Add a quarter of the beaten egg whites and stir to incorporate, then gently fold in the remaining egg whites.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans, spreading evenly, and bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the cakes from the oven and allow to cool in the pans for 15 minutes. During baking, the surface of the cakes will form a crust this crust will normally collapse when the cakes are removed from the oven. Invert the cakes onto cake circles, remove the parchment paper, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nFilling:nTo prepare the dark chocolate cream, heat 1inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium heat. Place the semisweet chocolate in the top half of the double boiler. Tightly cover the top with film wrap and allow to heat for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir until smooth. Transfer the melted chocolate to a stainless steel bowl and set aside until needed. Place heavy cream and sugar in the wellchilled bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a wellchilled balloon whip. Whisk on high until stiff peaks form, about 1 12 minutes. Remove the bowl from the mixer. Use a hand whisk to combine 14 of the whipped cream into the melted chocolate until smooth and completely incorporated. Add the combined whipped cream and chocolate to the remaining whipped cream and use a rubber spatula to fold together.nGanache:nHeat the heavy cream and the butter in a 3quart saucepan over medium high heat. Bring to a boil. Place the semisweet chocolate in a 3quart stainless steel bowl. Pour the boiling cream over the chocolate and allow to stand for 5 minutes. Stir until smooth. Chill 1 cup of ganache for at least 1 hour. Remaining ganache should be at room temperaturenTo assemble cake:nArrange one of the cake layers in a 9inch springform pan, evenly spread half the filling over the cake and top with the second layer. Add remaining filling and top with the remaining cake layer. Chill 2 hours. Transfer chilled cup of ganache to pastry bag fitted with a star tip. Remove cake from springform pan and coat sides and top with room temperature ganache. Using chilled ganache, decoratively pipe stars on top of cake. If desired, coat sides of cake with grated chocolate, cookie crumbs of chopped nuts., ingredients: [12 pound unsalted butter 2 tablespoons melted, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into 12ounce pieces, 8 large egg yolks, 34 cup granulated sugar, 4 large egg whites, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into 12ounce pieces, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 18 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped into 12ounce pieces], title: Chocolate Mousse Cake, picturelink: null}, 24346: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring water to a boil. Add rice, reduce heat, cover and cook over medium low heat until tender, 15 to 18 minutes. Spread rice out on a cookie sheet to quick cool it.nHeat a wok, wok shaped skillet or large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add oil to the pan. Add egg to hot oil and break into small bits as it scrambles. When eggs are scrambled, add garlic and ginger to the pan. Add carrots, pepper, scallions to the pan and quick stirfry veggies 2 minutes. Add rice to the pan and combine with veggies. Fry rice with veggies 2 or 3 minutes. Add peas and soy sauce to the rice and stir fry 1 minute more, then serve., ingredients: [2 34 cups water, 1 12 cups white rice, 3 tablespoons vegetable or wok oil, 3 turns of the pan, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 inches fresh ginger, minced or grated, 12 cup shredded carrots, available in pouches in produce section, a couple of handfuls, 1 small red bell pepper, diced, 4 scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, 12 cup frozen peas, 13 cup Tamari, dark aged soy sauce], title: Special Fried Rice, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 24347: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Heat pans in middle of oven 10 minutes.nWhisk together cornmeal, sugar, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together buttermilk and egg in another bowl and add cornmeal mixture with cheddar, scallion, jalapenos, and 2 tablespoons butter, stirring, until just combined.nRemove pans from oven and divide remaining 2 tablespoons butter among cornstick molds. Quickly divide batter among molds about 3 tablespoons each and bake until a tester comes out clean and tops are golden, 12 to 15 minutes.nCool cornsticks in pans 3 to 5 minutes before removing from molds. Serve warm.nCooks Note: If using a cast iron skillet, pour all of batter into it and bake 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup wellshaken buttermilk, 1 large egg, 4 ounces about 1 cup coarsely grated extrasharp cheddar, 14 cup finely chopped scallions both white and pale green parts, 1 to 2 tablespoons finely chopped drained pickled jalapenos, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus 2 tablespoons 14 stick, Special equipment: 2 wellseasoned castiron cornstick pans, each with 7 5 by 1 12inch molds or a wellseasoned 9inch cast iron skillet], title: CheddarJalapeno Cornsticks, picturelink: null}, 24348: {instructions: Bring 4 cups of water to a boil in a heavy 4quart saucepan. Add the salt, then slowly add the grits in a thin, steady stream, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the grits thicken, about 5 to 7 minutes.nAdd the halfandhalf and butter to the grits and stir. The mixture will seem thin but it will thicken as it cooks. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally. Cover the pot, reduce the heat to low, and cook, stirring occasionally for 45 minutes, until very smooth and creamy. Off the heat, stir in the Cheddar, scallions, and pepper. Season to taste and serve hot with a sprinkle of grated cheese and scallions., ingredients: [2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 cup fine quickcooking grits not instant, 1 14 cups halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups grated aged sharp Cheddar cheese 4 ounces, 12 cup chopped scallions, white and green parts 4 scallions, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Grated Cheddar and chopped scallions, for garnish], title: Creamy Cheddar Grits, picturelink: null}, 24349: {instructions: Lightly grease a 12cup muffin pan and set aside. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the batter, in a large mixing bowl, combine cake mix, softened cream cheese, sour cream, eggs, and 14 cup sugar. Beat on medium speed for 3 minutes.nTo make the crust, combine graham cracker crumbs, 12 cup sugar, and melted butter in a small bowl. Set aside.nIn a smaller mixing bowl, beat together all ingredients for cheese filling until smooth. Set aside.nDivide half of the graham cracker mixture among the 12 muffin cups and lightly press into bottoms. Fill cups all the way to the top with muffin batter. Place 1 teaspoon of cherry preserves on top of muffin batter and with a teaspoon, lightly cut preserves into batter.nWith the back of a spoon dipped in water to keep from sticking, indent the batter and top with a dollop of filling to cover the cherry preserves. Sprinkle remaining graham cracker mixture over the top of muffins. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes before removing muffins from pan., ingredients: [1 box moist white cake mix, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 cup sour cream, 2 eggs, 14 cup plus 12 cup sugar, 2 cups graham cracker crumbs crushed with rolling pin, 6 tablespoons butter, melted, 14 cup cherry preserves, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 14 cup sugar, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon freshlysqueezed lemon juice], title: Cherry Cheesecake Muffins, picturelink: null}, 24350: {instructions: Saute shallots, garlic, red chili flakes, and cayenne pepper in a large dry skillet or saucepan over medium heat until fragrant. Add clam juice, white wine, honey, and gelatin and reduce for about 45 minutes.nPreheat a grill to medium, using mesquite wood. Place bass on grill and quickly sear the fish. Then brush the sauce on the fish and return the fish to the fire and cook until fish is opaque and a knife slides in easily, making sure to brush on the sauce each time the fish is turned.nRemove sea bass from heat and serve with fresh vegetables and starch of choice., ingredients: [12 cup chopped shallots, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup clam juice, 1 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 sheet gelatin, bloomed, 4 Chilean sea bass fillets, skinned, Serving suggestions: fresh vegetables and starch of choice], title: Chilean Sea Bass, picturelink: null}, 24351: {instructions: Place fish in a fish poacher or a wide skillet with 4inch sides. Add enough water to cover the fish. Remove fish to plate and set aside. Add beer, seafood seasoning, peppercorns, lemon juice, and salt to pan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat to low. Return fish to pan and poach gently until just cooked through, about 8 minutes for a 1inchthick fillet., ingredients: [4 6 to 8ounce skinless halibut fillets, 1 12ounce bottle amber beer, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 10 whole black peppercorns, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Ale Poached Halibut, picturelink: null}, 24352: {instructions: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat. Soak the green lemongrass leaves in cold water and set aside.nMix together the diced lemongrass, soy sauce, garlic, spring onion, red chile and ginger in a bowl.nLay the fish on a chopping board. Create a fillet by using a sharp filleting knife to slice from the spine of the fish down to the belly without cutting the fillet off. Just leave it lying open.nNow add the lemongrass mixture to the inside of the fish and close the fillet back up.nSecure the fish by tying it up with the lemongrass leaves. Brush the fish with the vegetable oil, and then char grill the fish, 10 minute per side. Cut the lemongrass leaves and serve., ingredients: [2 stalks lemongrass, white parts finely diced, long green leaves reserved, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 spring onions, sliced, 1 long red chile, sliced, One 1 12inch piece ginger, finely chopped, 1 whole tilapia, cleaned, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Char Grilled Lemongrass Tilapia Fish, picturelink: null}, 24353: {instructions: In a large bowl, put the ground meat, flattened in the bowl, add all the ingredients. Knead for at least 5 minutes until all is well mixed. Let the kofta rest for 20 to 30 minutes in a cool place to marinate.nWet your hand with water. Take the kofta and make a big cigar. Put on a long skewer, in the center. Repeat skewering until done. Cook over a charcoal grill. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds lean ground lamb or beef, 4 stems parsley, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, roasted, peeled, and chopped, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, optional, Small pinch clove, optional, 5 mint leaves, very finely chopped, optional, Kosher salt, Chile flakes, optional], title: Kofta Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 24354: {instructions: In a jar or sealable container, combine vinaigrette and 2 tablespoons reserved lychee juice, scallion, red pepper flakes, and sesame seeds. Shake vigorously set aside.nAdd spinach and water chestnuts to a large bowl. Add dressing and toss. Top with lychees, bacon bits, and eggs., ingredients: [13 cup Asian Vinaigrette recommended: Newmans Own, 2 tablespoons syrup from canned lychees, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, 1 9ounce package baby spinach recommended: Fresh Express, 1 8ounce can sliced water chestnuts, drained and liquid reserved recommended: La Choy, 12 20ounce can lychees in syrup, juice reserved recommended: Golden Star, 14 cup real bacon crumbles, 2 large hardboiled eggs, peeled and quartered], title: Spinach and Lychee Salad, picturelink: hK45Vj4LrUjQnyMEOkgHhpoYZ79Li}, 24355: {instructions: Put the egg yolks in a stainless steel bowl. Whisk in the sugar, and Vin Santo wine or Marsala.nBring water to a boil in a saucepan. Lower the heat and place the steel bowl over but not touching the water. Whisk the yolk mixture for 8 minutes, or until it becomes light and creamy. Monitor the heat, otherwise youll end up with scrambled eggs. Set aside and let cool.nIn another bowl, whip the cream with a hand mixer.nGently fold the zabaione into the whipped cream with a rubber spatula, and place in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes, or until ready to serve. Serve in glasses with blueberries on top., ingredients: [6 large egg yolks, 6 tablespoons sugar, 6 tablespoons Vin Santo wine or Marsala, 1 cup whipping cream, 12 cup fresh blueberries], title: Zabaione con Crema: Zabaglione with Cream, picturelink: null}, 24356: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 large black plastic cauldron available at party or craft stores 1 punch bowl that fits inside the cauldron 1 plastic hand available at party supply stores, sterilized in hot water 1 block dry ice available at supermarkets, ice cream shops or ice companiesnPour the gelatin mix into a large bowl. Slowly stir in the boiling water. Stir at least 2 minutes, until the gelatin is completely dissolved. Stir in the pineapple juice. Let cool to room temperature.nWearing heavy duty gloves or using tongs, place the block of dry ice in the bottom of the cauldron. Dry ice will burn skin, so handle it with gloves and tongs and keep it away from kids and petsnUse an ice pick to break the block into smaller chunks, if necessary.nFill the cauldron with just enough water to cover the dry ice. It will begin to steam.nPlace the punch bowl inside the cauldron, on top of the dry ice. The cauldron will appear to be magically smoking.nEntrap the sterilized rubber hand between the cauldron and the punch bowl, squeezing it tight so the hand appears to be reaching out of the mist for help. Hotglue the hand to the cauldron, if necessary, to hold it in place.nCarefully pour the drink mixture into the punch bowl. Slowly add the chilled vodka and lemonlime soda or ginger ale. Stir gently to mix., ingredients: [1 6ounce package lime gelatin, 2 cups boiling water, 3 cups chilled pineapple juice, 1 2 liter bottle chilled lemonlime soft drink or ginger ale, 2 cups chilled vodka, optional], title: Witchs Brew, picturelink: z7RynZoPtHuREO5AAxTmwxM.aEzkZKu}, 24357: {instructions: Bring 1 quart stock plus 1 cup water to a simmer in a sauce pot then reduce heat to low.nHeat a medium skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat with olive oil. When oil ripples, add the onions and garlic and soften 2 to 3 minutes. Add rice and toast 2 to 3 minutes more. Add wine and cook it out completely, stirring occasionally, 2 to 3 minutes. Ladle in stock in intervals, a couple of ladles at a time. Allow liquids to evaporate each time. Risotto will cook 18 minutes, total, from the first addition of liquid. Defrost the squash in your microwave in a dish to collect any liquids and stir in squash the last 3 minutes of cook time, season with nutmeg, salt and pepper to taste. In the last minute of cooking time, stir in butter in small pieces, sage leaves and cheese, serve., ingredients: [1 quart chicken stock, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, grated or chopped, 2 cups Arborio rice, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 10ounce box cooked frozen butternut squash, Nutmeg, grated, to taste, 2 tablespoons butter, 7 or 8 leaves fresh sage, slivered, 1 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano], title: Butternut Squash Risotto, picturelink: 12JcLWEVd8XJVo73Q8xNXwsGD.9tw8y}, 24358: {instructions: Combine the vodka, rum, coconut creme, egg white, vanilla extract, and ice together in a cocktail shaker and shake to incorporate.nPlace the chocolate sauce in a plate. Rim the glass in the chocolate sauce and garnish with the macaroon cookie.nIn a tall glass container, combine the vanilla beans and vodka. Cover and steep for 3 days., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vanillainfused vodka, recipe follows, 1 12 ounces coconut rum, 1 teaspoon egg white, 1 12 ounces coconut creme, Splash vanilla extract, Ice, Chocolate sauce, for garnish, Macaroon cookie, for garnish, 3 vanilla beans, 6 ounces 34 cup vodka], title: Meshugana Macaroon, picturelink: null}, 24359: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot of boiling salted water, cook the corn for 3 minutes until the starchiness is just gone. Drain and immerse the corn in ice water to stop the cooking and to set the color. When the corn is cool, cut the kernels off the cob, cutting close to the cob, and place them in a large bowl.nToss the avocados with the lemon juice and add them to the bowl with the corn. Add the tomatoes, red peppers, onion, jalapeno peppers and lime zest to the bowl.nWhisk the lime juice, olive oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, black pepper, garlic, and cayenne pepper together in a small bowl and pour over the vegetables. Toss well. Keep refrigerated until ready to serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 4 ears of corn, shucked, 4 ripe Hass avocados, seeded, peeled, and 12inch diced, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 pints grape tomatoes, sliced in half lengthwise, 2 red bell peppers, seeded and 12inch diced, 1 cup chopped red onion, 14 cup seeded and minced jalapeno peppers, seeded, 1 lime, zested, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 cup good olive oil, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper], title: Corn and Avocado Salad, picturelink: aeCOeXd2jIPcqzuQvyp6EiuwA9qWi3G}, 24360: {instructions: Carefully cut each fig almost in half lengthwise, cutting down to but not through the skin. Rotate 90 degrees and repeat to divide the fig into 4 sections attached at the base. Squeeze together at the base as you would a baked potato. Place one slice of Presunto on the counter in front of you. Place one fig in the center, and draw up edges of ham, fluting all around into fold. Press well to hold. Repeat with remaining figs and ham. Serve 2 wrapped figs per person., ingredients: [8 perfectly ripe black figs, washed and stems trimmed, 8 slices smoked cured ham such a Portuguese Presunto Prosciutto can be substituted], title: Figs Wrapped in Smoked Cured Ham, picturelink: null}, 24361: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh.nFor the patties: Combine the chuck, sirloin, jerk seasoning, wine, and salt in a large bowl. Mix lightly and form into 6 patties. Refrigerate until ready to grill.nFor the sauce: Mash the avocado with the lime juice in a bowl. Stir in the mayonnaise and salt. Gently fold in the mint leaves. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the glaze: Combine the wine, vinegar, honey, chiles, and salt in a fireproof saucepan. Place on the grill rack and cook, stirring often, until the mixture is reduced by half.nWhen the grill is ready, brush the grill rack with the oil. Place the patties on the rack over direct heat. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes per side, basting often with the glaze until the desired doneness is reached.nBrush some of the glaze on the cut sides of the rolls. Place the rolls, cut side down, on the rack and grill until lightly toasted. Remove the rolls and place on a serving plate.nTo assemble the burgers, place a lettuce leaf on each roll bottom. Top with a tomato slice. Add a patty, a dollop of the sauce, and a roll top., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground chuck, 1 12 pounds ground sirloin, 1 tablespoon Caribbean jerk seasoning, 14 cup Zinfandel recommended: Sutter Home, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 ripe avocado, peeled and pitted, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 34 cup Zinfandel recommended: Sutter Home, 34 cup wine vinegar, 1 cup honey, 3 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, finely minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, for brushing on the grill rack, 6 bakery sandwich rolls, split, 6 red leaf lettuce leaves, 2 ripe tomatoes, sliced], title: HoneyChipotle Glazed Beef Burgers with MintAvocado Sauce, picturelink: 2UJJXB9hQdetkN1gGAoREy4mybv6Ve}, 24362: {instructions: In an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine flour and salt. Add eggs 1 at a time and continue to mix. Drizzle in oil and continue to incorporate all the flour until it forms a ball. Sprinkle some flour on work surface, knead the dough until elastic and smooth. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let it rest for about 30 minutes to allow the gluten to relax.nCut the ball of dough in half, cover and reserve the dough you are not immediately using to prevent it from drying out. Dust the counter and dough with flour. Form the dough into a rectangle and roll it through the pasta machine, 2 or 3 times, at its widest setting. Guide the sheet of dough with the palm of your hand as it emerges from the rollers. Reduce the setting and crank the dough through again, 2 or 3 times. Continue until the machine is at its narrowest setting. The dough should be paperthin, about 18inch thick.nDust the counter and dough with flour, lay out the long sheet of pasta. Brush the top surface of dough with egg wash. Drop 1 tablespoon of cooled filling about 2inches apart on half the sheet of pasta. Fold the unfilled half over the filling. With an espresso cup or fingers, gently press out air pockets around each mound of filling and form a seal. Use a crimper to cut each pillow into squares. Check to make sure the crimped edges are well sealed before cooking. If making ravioli in advance, dust with cornmeal to prevent them from sticking.nCook the ravioli in plenty of boiling salted water for 10 to15 minutes. Ravioli will float to the top when cooked so be careful not to overcrowd the pot. Lift the ravioli from water with a large strainer or slotted spoon. Plate the pasta, top with sauce and grated cheese before serving. Garnish plate with chopped herbs and toasted pine nuts.nFor HerbPatterned Pasta: Follow the standard recipe given above and roll it out to a mediumthick sheet. Next, take wellwashed leafy herbs such as, basil, flatleaf parsley and tarragon, pinch away the stems so only the leaves remain. Hand press the fresh herbs on the doughs surface at 1inch intervals. Fold the dough over itself and run the sandwich through the pasta machine at a thin setting. The leaves will stretch and pattern the pasta. Continue making ravioli as indicated in the procedure., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 eggs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 yolk, for egg wash], title: Ravioli Dough, picturelink: iUIbFrvH5xElQ3MTGJkAI2kiiuZNxOu}, 24363: {instructions: Prepare the jars and lids: Wash all jars and lids thoroughly with soap and water and rinse well. Fill your canner with enough water to cover the jars by at least 1 inch and bring to a simmer. Using a pair of canning tongs, lower the jars in gently, tilting them to fill with the hot water. In a small saucepan, keep some water warm but not boiling place the lids in the water. Have an additional kettle of water on to boil. Peel and core the tomatoes: Bring a large pot of water to the boil. Have a large bowl of ice water at the ready. Gently lower the tomatoes into the boiling water and blanch them for 60 seconds. Remove with a strainer and transfer them to the ice water. Once cool, slit the skins they should peel off easily. Remove the cores with a small paring knife. You will need to do this in batches. Discard skins and cores. Prepare the sauce: Coarsely chop the tomatoes and add them to a large stockpot. Place stockpot over mediumhigh heat, crushing and stirring the tomatoes to keep from burning. Continue until all the tomatoes are added and crushed. Bring the tomatoes to a boil, then reduce heat and keep at a low boil. Reduce to the desired thickness, by a third for a thin sauce, or by half for a thick sauce. Fill and close the jars: Using canning tongs, remove the jars from the canner, carefully pouring the water back into the canner. Set next to the sauce. Turn the heat under the canner to high. Add two tablespoons of bottled lemon juice and one teaspoon of salt to each jar add a teaspoon of sugar to offset the added acidity if desired. Use a ladle to pour the sauce into the jars through a canning funnel, leaving 12inch headspace at the top. Run a clean chopstick around the inside of the jar to dislodge any trapped air. Wipe the rims of the jars with a damp paper towel. Place the lids on, and screw on the rings until just fingertight. Seal the jars: Using canning tongs, gently transfer the jars to the canner, taking care to keep them vertical. When all the jars are in the canner, there should be at least 1 inch water covering them if you need more, add water from the kettle until the jars are sufficiently covered. Bring the water to a full rolling boil, and process for 40 minutes. Remove and cool: Using canning tongs, gently remove the jars from the canner and transfer them to a kitchen towel or cooling rack, again keeping them vertical. Do not set hot jars directly on to cool counter surfaces. Leave to cool, undisturbed, for at least 12 hours. If any of the jars do not seal when cool, reprocess using the method above, or refrigerate and use immediately. Label and store: Add a label to the lid or side of your jar, noting the date it was canned. Remove the rings and store jars in a cool, dark place for up to one year. Refrigerate after opening., ingredients: [35 to 46 lbs romastyle tomatoes, 14 Tbsp bottled lemon juice, Salt, Sugar optional], title: Tomato Sauce for Canning, picturelink: E.5Tl0PxtaJgZNdLqTe1I80sB7G3su}, 24364: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Position a rack in the center of the oven. Spray a 9 x13 x 2inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray.nFor the crust, combine the graham cracker crumbs, sugar, and butter in a medium bowl and mix until moistened. Press the mixture evenly in the prepared pan and 14 inch up the sides. Bake for 8 minutes and set aside to cool.nFor the filling, place the cream cheese and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed for 3 minutes, until light and fluffy. Add the ricotta and beat for another minute, scraping down the bowl. With the mixer on low, add the limoncello, vanilla, and lemon zest and beat for one minute. With the mixer on mediumlow, add the eggs, one at a time, until incorporated. Scrape down the bowl and mix until the batter is smooth. Pour over the crust.nPlace the baking pan in a roasting pan large enough to hold the baking pan completely flat. Place the pan in the oven and carefully pour enough of the hottest tap water into the roasting pan to come halfway up the sides of the baking pan. Bake for 50 to 55 minutes, until almost set in the center. It will still be a little jiggly when you shake the pan gently. Turn off the heat and leave the cheesecake in the oven in the water bath for 15 minutes to prevent the cheesecake from cracking. Take the baking pan out of the water bath and place on a rack to cool completely. Wrap the entire pan with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or overnight. Sprinkle with extra grated lemon zest, cut in 12 pieces, and serve cold., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups graham cracker crumbs 15 crackers, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 16 ounces cream cheese, such as Philadelphia, at room temperature, 1 14 cup sugar, 1 12 cups wholemilk ricotta cheese 12 ounces, homemade or storebought, 12 cup Italian limoncello, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, plus extra for serving 2 lemons, 5 extralarge eggs, at room temperature], title: Limoncello Ricotta Cheesecake, picturelink: W7QBUTy.6D.9lhGnZqaqwZL1oq7TLae}, 24365: {instructions: Grate enough zest from lemon to measure 12 teaspoon and squeeze 2 tablespoons juice. Chop capers and in a small bowl whisk together with zest, lemon juice, garlic, and salt and pepper to taste. Add 14 cup oil in a slow stream, whisking constantly until blended. Whisk in herbs.nPat halibut dry and season with salt and pepper. In a nonstick skillet heat remaining tablespoon oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook halibut, turning once, until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 7 minutes total. Serve halibut topped with salsa verde and garnished with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 lemons, 4 teaspoons drained capers, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro sprigs, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 4 12inch thick halibut steaks with skin about 1 pound total, Lemon wedges for garnish], title: PanSeared Halibut with Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 24366: {instructions: Generously coat a 9inch pie plate with butter. Lightly dust a clean surface with flour.nMake the crust: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add the butter and shortening and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Gradually add 12 to 23 cup ice water, pulsing until the dough just comes together scrape down the sides of the food processor as needed.nPut the dough on the floured surface and roll it into a ball. Cut the dough in half roll out 1 piece into a 13inch round, about 18 inch thick. Gently roll up the dough onto the floured rolling pin and unroll into the pie plate. Press the dough into the bottom and sides of the pan refrigerate until ready to use. Roll out the second half of the dough into a 13inch round, about 18 inch thick. Lay it on a parchment paperlined baking sheet and refrigerate.nMake the filling: Combine 3 cups blueberries and 12 cup sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, then cook until reduced by half, about 20 minutes. Scrape the mixture into a large bowl add the remaining 3 cups blueberries and 12 cup sugar, the jam, flour, lemon zest, lemon juice and salt. Stir to combine and set aside to cool completely.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spoon the filling into the crustlined pie pan. Dot with the butter. Roll up the chilled dough on the floured rolling pin and unroll it over the blueberry filling. Trim the overlapping edge to about a 1 12inch overhang. Tuck the edge of the top crust under the edge of the bottom crust. Pinch the edge to flute and seal. Use a pastry cutter or small knife to cut a 1inch hole in the center of the top crust.nPut the pie on a baking sheet. Bake in the center of the oven for 15 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake 30 more minutes.nMeanwhile, make the glaze: Combine the sugar, orange juice and 14 cup water in a small saucepan over low heat. Simmer gently until the glaze coats the back of a spoon, about 10 minutes. Open the oven door and slide the rack out slightly. Pour the glaze over the pie and into the opening in the top crust. Reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F and bake until the crust is golden brown, about 10 or 15 more minutes.nRemove the pie from the oven and allow it to cool overnight before slicing.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for the pie plate, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup cold shortening, cubed, 6 cups blueberries, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup blueberry jam, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, sifted, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, Pinch of kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced, 12 cup sugar, Juice of 1 orange about 14 cup], title: Blueberry Pie, picturelink: 3J6Pl9WNzIVu9tc3.L75rFi8vY1WxJu}, 24367: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Roll out the puff pastry on a lightly floured surface into a 10by12inch rectangle. Transfer to a baking sheet use a paring knife to score a 12inch border around the edges. Poke all over with a fork inside the border. Transfer to the oven and bake until deep golden brown, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack gently press down the middle if puffed. Let the crust cool completely.nMeanwhile, working with one type of vegetable at a time, drizzle with olive oil, season with kosher salt and pepper and gently toss in a large bowl. Spread out on parchment paperlined baking sheets, leaving space between the vegetables so they dont steam. Roast until just tender, about 15 minutes.nPulse the goat cheese, pea shoots and lemon zest and juice in a food processor until pale green and mostly smooth. Transfer to a bowl stir in the creme fraeche, 14 teaspoon kosher salt and a few grinds of pepper.nSpread the goat cheese mixture on the crust, inside the border. Arrange the vegetables on the tart they can be warm or room temperature. Sprinkle with coarse sea salt.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 sheet frozen puff pastry half of a 17ounce package, thawed, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 pound mixed colorful vegetables such as spring onions, radishes, rainbow baby carrots and asparagus, halved lengthwise if thick, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 4ounce log goat cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup roughly chopped pea shoots, Finely grated zest and juice of 12 lemon, 14 cup creme fraiche, Coarse sea salt, for serving], title: Crop Tart, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 24368: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large bowl. Refrigerate for 1 hour. May also be used as a great marinade for chicken, shrimp or beef., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 2 teaspoons dark sesame oil, 2 oranges, juiced, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons ginger, peeled and minced, 12 cup scallion, chopped, 2 teaspoons garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons sesame seeds, toasted], title: Teriyaki Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24369: {instructions: Heat the oil in a heavy large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the shallots, garlic, salt, and pepper, and saute until tender, about 1 minute. Add the peas and saute until heated through, about 5 minutes. Stir in the prosciutto and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the parsley and remove from the heat. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 shallots, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1pound bag frozen peas, thawed, 4 ounces 18inchthick slices prosciutto, diced, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Peas and Prosciutto, picturelink: I77ya9KWTZGrUhBX7AE1BAGPseP2mFy}, 24370: {instructions: Heat oil in a saute pan. Add onion and celery and saute until onion is translucent. Remove from heat and set aside.nIn a large bowl, mix crabmeat, coconut, mayonnaise, mustard, chives, parsley and 1 cup panko with the onioncelery mixture. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Form into 2inch diameter cakes.nRoll cakes first in flour, then in beaten eggs, then in the remaining 4 cups of panko, each time shaking off excess. Heat oil, and saute the crab cakes until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Arrange on a platter and garnish with tomatoes and chives. Serve with coconut basil mayonnaise.nCombine all ingredients in a mixing bowl, and whisk until smooth. May be prepared a day ahead, covered and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 medium onion, finely diced, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 1 pound lump crabmeat, 12 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 23 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons chives, finely minced, 2 tablespoons parsley, chopped, 5 cups panko bread crumbs, Salt and pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, beaten, Diced tomatoes, for garnish, Chives, for garnish, Coconut Basil Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon basil leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon chili garlic paste, Salt and pepper], title: Sams Coconut Crab Cakes with Coconut Basil Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 24371: {instructions: Cut the fruit into bitesize pieces and sprinkle with lemon juice to keep from browning. Skewer the pretzel sticks with the fruit and eat right away., ingredients: [1 bag thin stick pretzels, 2 cups pineapple, mango, apple, pear, strawberries banana, grapes and other seasonal fruits], title: Pretzel and Fruit Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 24372: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, mix the vegetable oil with the smashed garlic, using a fork to help release the garlic flavor into the oil. Season the garlic mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. Let sit for at least 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, prep the chicken breasts. Rinse and dry the chicken thoroughly. Find the ridge along the side of the chicken breast, and carefully pull off the tender. Take each breast and pound gently to an even thickness. Do not pound too thin the breast will not be completely uniform. If there is a skinny little triangular tip, go ahead and cut off and discard. Prep the tenders by slicing off any jagged edges. Liberally salt and pepper the chicken and allow to sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes.nPreheat the grill to hot.nOnce the chicken has rested, brush liberally with the garlicinfused vegetable oil. Place the chicken breasts on the hot grill, with the thicker portion facing the hotter part of your grill usually the back. Allow the chicken breasts to cook undisturbed until char marks are made, about 4 minutes. Flip the chicken, keeping the thick part of the chicken toward the hot part of the flame, and cook until an instantread thermometer inserted in the chicken reads 155 degrees F, about 3 more minutes. Place the chicken tenders on the grill and cook for 3 to 4 minutes total, turning halfway through. Allow the grilled chicken to rest for 5 minutes, covered, before serving.nServe with Roasted Onion Tomato and Onion Dipping Sauce, if using.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nPlace the halved tomatoes, onions, and garlic cloves on a baking sheet. Drizzle with half the olive oil and sprinkle with thyme, salt and pepper. Toss to coat well. Place the tomatoes cutside down, and cook for 2 hours turning the tomatoes after 1 hour. After the second hour, remove the baking sheet, and set aside the unpeeled garlic. Place the rest of the vegetables and the pan juices in a food processor or blender. Add a tablespoon or two of water to the pan to scrape up any bits of flavor stuck onto the baking sheet and add to the food processor. Squeeze out the soft flesh of the roasted garlic into the food processor and add the remaining olive oil. Pulse the mixture until chunky, or puree until smooth, depending on desired consistency. Taste the sauce and season with salt, and pepper, if necessary.nYield: about 1 14 cupsnCooks Note: The tomatoes do not have to be good tomatoes., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, Roasted Tomato and Onion Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, optional, 5 Roma tomatoes, halved about 1 pound, 1 yellow or white onion, quartered, 3 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 to 2 tablespoons water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Simply Grilled Chicken Breasts, picturelink: xVXgLwBEbDbxpVIRv8KsFShYHBGsNmy}, 24373: {instructions: Cake:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour two 9inch cake pans. In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar together until it is light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well in between each addition, and continue to beat until very light and fluffy. Add buttermilk and mashed banana and mix well. In a separate bowl, sift and dry ingredients together flour, baking soda, salt, baking powder, then add to batter and mix at low speed on the electric mixer until moistened. Beat one minute at medium speed, then fold in pecans and pour batter evenly into the two prepared cake pans. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. After removing the cakes from the oven, allow them to cool for five minutes, then invert onto a cooling rack. Assemble when thoroughly cooled.nCoconut Custard:nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper and cut another piece of parchment to the same size. Set both aside. Combine the coconut milk and milk and stir together. In a bowl, mix 23 cup of sugar with 13 cup cornstarch and stir with a fork until free from lumps. Mix the sugar and cornstarch together with the egg yolks and 1 cup of coconut milk mixture. Whisk until smooth and set aside. In a heavy saucepan, bring the remaining coconut milk mixture to a boil. Pour it into the bowl with the egg yolksugar mixture, whisking constantly. Return the mixture to the saucepan over medium flame and continue stirring. Cook until small bubbles start to form on the surface of the custard. Remove from the heat and spread onto the parchmentlined baking sheet. Cover the top of the custard with the other sheet of parchment to prevent a skin from forming. Cool in the refrigerator.nTo Assemble Cake:nIn a large bowl, gently toss banana slices with the lemon juice, and sugar. Trim the top of the first layer of cake so that the surface is level, then spread with a thin layer of custard. Place bananas completely over bottom layer, so that no cake is showing. Spread with another layer of coconut custard. Place next cake layer on top of this and spread the top generously with coconut custard. Garnish liberally with toasted coconut flakes., ingredients: [7 ounces unsalted butter, 1 12 cups granulated white sugar, 3 large eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 13 cups mashed ripe banana, 1 13 cups sifted cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, 1 can 13.5 ounces unsweetened coconut milk, 1 cup milk, 23 cup white sugar, 5 egg yolks, 13 cup cornstarch, 3 bananas, sliced, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, toasted golden brown], title: Banana Coconut Cake, picturelink: Wm8BKiSkhR7V3Vh7npBSc.PT51wuPPO}, 24374: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice and shake vigorously. Strain into a chilled martini glass over ice. Garnish as desired., ingredients: [1ounce creme de cacao, 1ounce brandy, 4 ounces milk, Orange twists and ground cinnamon, for garnish], title: Brandy Alexander, picturelink: null}, 24375: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks note: olive oil can replace cooking fat if none is availablenSift the salt and the flour into a large bowl. Add half the milk and all the eggs into the flour mixture and whisk until smooth. Whisk in remaining milk, and then the thyme. Cover let batter sit at room temperature, for at least 30 minutes, ideally 45 minutes.nHeat oven to 450 degrees F. Divide the rendered beef fat or oil, 14 cup total, between a 12cup nonstick muffin tin or 12hole Yorkshire pudding tray. Heat in oven until the fat is almost smoking hot. Place a baking sheet on the bottom rack of the oven to catch any fat drippings  this will help prevent any oven firesnUncover batter and whisk one more time. Pour batter into each cup, about 34 full and immediately place back into the oven. The batter will sizzle when being poured into the hot fat. Bake in the oven for approximately 20 minutes or until risen and golden brown in color. Turn oven off and leave puddings in the oven for just 5 more minutes to help set. Remove puddings and serve while hot and puffed., ingredients: [1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups milk, 3 eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup reserved pan fat from Sunday Roast Beef], title: Thyme for Yorkshire Pudding, picturelink: rMGPnLGGNYRePeLc6LwfPaRkdCA5SvO}, 24376: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake pans with paper liners for a total of 36 mini cupcakes.nFor the mimosa orange cupcake: In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.nUsing a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on medium speed. Mix in the egg. In two parts, alternate adding the milk with the dry ingredients. Add the vanilla and beat until well blended. Fold in the champagne and orange zest and juice.nFor the white chocolate cheesecake: Mix together the cream cheese, sugar, vanilla and egg in a stand mixer with the whisk attachment until fluffy and smooth, about 3 minutes.nIn a double boiler, melt the white baking chocolate. Mix into the cheesecake batter until combined.nLayer the cupcake liners with the mimosa orange cupcake batter first. Add 2 white chocolate chips to each, and then top with a layer of the white chocolate cheesecake batter. Fill the liners with both batters about threequarters full because the cupcakes will rise. Depending on your layering technique, you may have more of one batter than the other. You can always make straight cupcakes or cheesecakes with the extra batter.nBake about 18 minutes. Set aside to cool completely.nFor the champagne buttercream frosting: Beat the butter in a stand mixer until light and fluffy. Add the confectioners sugar 1 cup at a time, beating after each addition. Add the champagne, vanilla and salt and beat until creamy.nPut the frosting in a piping bag and frost the cooled cupcakes generously., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 stick 14 cup butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg, 14 cup milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1 12 tablespoons champagne, Zest and juice of 1 orange, One 8ounce package cream cheese, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 egg, 1 ounce white baking chocolate, 72 white chocolate chips, 2 sticks 1 cup butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup champagne, 12 teaspoon vanilla, Pinch of salt], title: Marilyn MonMosa Cheesecake Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 24377: {instructions: Combine the cider, orange slices, cinnamon sticks, cloves and peppercorns in a large saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the cider is fragrant, about 20 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 cups apple cider, 1 medium orange, cut into 12inchthick slices, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 teaspoons whole cloves, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns], title: Orange Spiced Apple Cider, picturelink: sZSxH6VTbtTn3YZKhhRW0iYNdIw8BHm}, 24378: {instructions: For the chile oil: Heat the oil, Sichuan peppercorns, cinnamon stick and star anise in a small pot over mediumlow heat until it reaches 325 degrees F, then remove from the heat and let sit for 5 minutes. Remove the peppercorns, cinnamon stick, and star anise with a slotted spoon and discard, then stir in the crushed red pepper flakes. Set the oil aside to cool.nFor the sauce: Whisk together the soy sauce, sesame paste, sugar, fivespice powder, Sichuan peppercorns, garlic and 14 cup of the chile oil in a medium bowl. Whisk in 13 cup hot water and set aside.nFor the noodles: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook the noodles according to the package directions, adding the bok choy, if using, for the last minute of cooking time. Drain in a colander and rinse well under cold running water to stop the cooking process. Toss the noodles with 1 teaspoon of the reserved chile oil and set aside.nHeat 3 tablespoons vegetable or peanut oil in a seasoned wok over high heat until shimmering. Add the pork and cook, stirring and breaking it up with a spoon, until it is browned, about 5 minutes. Add the Shaoxing wine, hoisin sauce and dark soy sauce and cook until all the liquid is evaporated and the pork is crispy, about 3 minutes. Add the sui mi ya cai, if using, and cook until it starts to sizzle, about 2 minutes. Otherwise, remove from the heat after the pork is crispy. Remove from the heat and add the reserved noodles and sauce to the wok, tossing well to coat. Place in a serving bowl, top with scallions and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable or peanut oil, 1 tablespoon whole Sichuan peppercorns, One 12inch long piece Chinese cinnamon or regular cinnamon stick, 1 star anise pod, 2 tablespoons crushed red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 tablespoons tahini, 2 teaspoons superfine sugar, 14 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 12 teaspoon whole Sichuan peppercorns, finely ground in a mortar and pestle or spice grinder, 2 cloves garlic, very finely minced, 14 cup Homemade Chile Oil, 1 pound fresh Chinese wheat noodles, medium thickness or dried Chinese egg noodles, 2 heads baby bok choy, leaves separated, optional, 1 teaspoon homemade chili oil, 3 tablespoons vegetable or peanut oil, 12 pound ground pork, 1 tablespoon Shaoxing wine, 2 teaspoons hoisin sauce, 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce, 13 cup sui mi ya cai, optional see Cooks Note, 3 scallions, thinly sliced white and light green parts only], title: DanDan Noodles, picturelink: LKjkWi5E5x4DiNp7Rqj6vLawgqwjEI2}, 24379: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl toss potatoes in canola oil and kosher salt until well coated. Place potatoes on a sheet pan and bake at 350 degrees until potatoes are tender. While potatoes are baking cook bacon in a small pan until crisp, then drain excess bacon fat and set aside. When potatoes are done and cool enough to work with, cut potatoes in large chunks and place in a large mixing bowl. Add in bacon, sour cream, green onions, cheddar cheese and butter. Season with salt and black pepper and fold all ingredients together being careful to leave the potatoes chunky, ingredients: [2 pounds red potatoes, washed, 2 ounces canola oil, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 8 ounces bacon, cooked and diced, 1 cup sour cream, 1 bunch green onion, chopped, 8 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, grated, 4 ounces butter, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper], title: Baked Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 24380: {instructions: Combine the milk, water, salt, and cornmeal in a 2 or 3 quart heavy bottomed saucepan. Stir with a whisk to eliminate any lumps. Heat just to a boil but without scorching. Reduce the heat to very low and simmer the polenta for 25 minutes, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon. If, near the end of the cooking, the polenta is becoming too thick and heavy to stir, add one or more tablespoons of cold water to loosen the mixture enough to be able to stir it, and to maintain a creamy consistency.nRemove from the heat. Immediately add the butter, the Parmesan cheese, the herbs and stir quickly to incorporate. The polenta can now be served soft, similar to a porridge, to accompany meat or game., ingredients: [1 cup cornmeal, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs, such as thyme, parsley and chives, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup cold water, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Soft Herbed Polenta, picturelink: null}, 24381: {instructions: Season the fish with salt and pepper.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. Put the fish, skin side down, into the pan.nPress firmly with a spatula to prevent the skin from curling. Sear for 3 to 4 minutes, then flip. Add the thyme sprigs, the butter and the lemon juice. Cook for an additional 4 minutes. Baste the fish for 30 seconds. Remove the fish from pan and arrange on a platter to serve.nCooks Note: Score the skin side of the fish, to prevent it from curling during the cooking., ingredients: [2 6ounce portions black bass, skinon, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Lemon and Thyme Seared Black Bass, picturelink: null}, 24382: {instructions: In a large resealable plastic bag, mix together 2 tablespoons oil, garlic, chile powder, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add half the can of tomatoes reserve the remaining tomatoes for the Round 2 Recipe Beef and Bean Burritos. Add the pork chops, seal, and mix everything together. Put the bag into a bowl and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight.nHeat your outdoor grill or a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nRemove the chops from the marinade and grill on mediumhigh heat, about 4 minutes per side. Pour the marinade into a saucepan, bring to boil, and cook until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes.nWhile the pork chops are cooking, make the cabbage. Shred half the head of cabbage reserve remaining half for Round 2 Recipe Beef and Bean Burrito. In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil. When it is hot, add the cabbage and cook until it starts to wilt, about 3 minutes. Then add the vinegar, brown sugar, and salt, to taste. Stir it well and cook until the cabbage is completely wilted and just tender, about 5 minutes.nServe the pork chops on top of the cabbage and top with the cooked marinade. Reserve 1 pork chop for the Online Round 2 Recipe Pork and Cornbread Bites., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, divided, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons chile powder, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 15ounce can chopped tomatoes, 1 12 pounds bonein, end cut pork chops about 5, 1 head green cabbage, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons brown sugar], title: Grilled TexMex Pork Chops, picturelink: Du.Lm6tbOasQJtVKM4WfHVbLRi3DcJS}, 24383: {instructions: In a medium bowl, toss together both cheeses and the flour. Heat a large nonstick skillet over a low to medium flame and sprinkle 1 12 tablespoons of the cheese mixture onto the pan to form a 4inch circle. Sprinkle some thyme over the cheese and cook until the cheese is somewhat melted but not firm. Using a spatula, turn the cheese over and cook until firm and golden.nTransfer the frico to a paper towel, then quickly drape over a large rolling pin until completely cooled, to form a shell shape.nTo serve, remove from pin and top each frico with arugula salad.nIn a small bowl, whisk together lemon juice, shallots, mustard, and honey. Whisk in the olive oil and add salt and pepper, to taste. Lightly dress arugula leaves with the vinaigrette., ingredients: [5 ounces sharp Cheddar, finely grated, 5 ounces Gruyere cheese, finely grated, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, Arugula Salad, recipe below, 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups arugula], title: Gruyere and Cheddar Frico with Arugula Salad, picturelink: null}, 24384: {instructions: Combine the soy sauce, water, ginger and garlic in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Turn off heat and let cool. Place ribs in a large roasting dish. Cover with the marinade and let marinate in refrigerator for 24 hours.nIn a large saucepan, over medium high heat, heat the butter and sweat the onion and garlic until translucent. Add the tomatoes and simmer for 15 minutes. Add the next 8 ingredients and continue cooking for 20 minutes. Puree the mixture in a food processor, pour into a bowl and whisk in the peanut butter, soy sauce, vinegar and chipotle. Preheat grill.nRemove ribs from marinade. Grill the ribs turning and brushing with the sauce until cooked through.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl., ingredients: [2 cups soy sauce, 1 cup water, 4 tablespoons chopped ginger, 3 cloves garlic coarsely chopped, 2 racks of pork ribs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup finely diced onion, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 6 plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon pureed canned chipotle, 8 medium tomatillos, husked and coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely diced red onion, 1 small jalapeno, finely minced, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 cup fresh corn kernels, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Barbecued Ribs with PeanutChipotle Sauce and Tomatillo Corn Salsa, picturelink: null}, 24385: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nShift together flour and baking soda. Combine sugar, salt, and spices in a mixing bowl.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together oil, eggs, and water and add to sugar mixture. Add honey then gradually stir in the sifted flour and baking soda then mix on high speed for 5 minutes. Spray 12 minibundt pans with nonstick spray. Pour batter into molds. Bake for 16 minutes and test with a toothpick for doneness. Remove cakes from mold. Brush with syrup and allow to cool.nPlating: Put filling into a pastry bag and pipe 3 teaspoons of filling into the center of each cake, spoon cherries and some of the syrup around cake and dust with powdered sugar.nCombine all ingredients in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and set aside.nCombine the cream cheese, butter, sugar orange zest and honey. Mix until fluffy.nCombine cherries, sugar, and cinnamon in a small saucepan with enough water to cover. Heat to a near boil. Remove from heat and stir. Cherries should be coated with the syrupy liquid. Drain and set aside., ingredients: [3 12 cups rye flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking soda, 13 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon cardamom, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 8 eggs, 12 cup warm water, 34 cup, plus 2 tablespoons honey, Syrup, recipe follows, Cream cheese filling, recipe follows, Cherry Compote, recipe follows, Powdered sugar, for dusting, 34 cup dark rum, 34 cup simple syrup, equal amounts sugar and water simmered until sugar dissolves, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 pound cream cheese, 12 cup butter, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 orange, zested, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 pound dried cherries, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, Water, to cover], title: Honeycakes with Cream Cheese Filling and Cherry Compote, picturelink: null}, 24386: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the whole romaine leaves in a work bowl. Add enough of the dressing to coat the leaves and toss well. Arrange the leaves in a serving bowl with their tips up, and intersperse the pizzettas, if desired. Sprinkle the Parmesan over all.nPlace the egg yolk, mustard, anchovies, garlic, vinegar, lemon juice, and a dash of Worcestershire sauce into a salad bowl. Blend with whisk and then add the olive oil in a slow, steady stream until it is fully incorporated. If the dressing stops gets too thick, add the warm water and then continue until all the oil is added. Add the cheese and continue to blend.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nStir the garlic into the tapenade. Separate the ready madestore bought pizza dough into 1 12ounce pieces and roll them out to 18inch if possible, roll out to desired thickness by using a pasta machine. Cover the top of the rolled out dough with olive paste and garlic mixture. Sprinkle the thyme on top. Lay the pecorino on top of pizzetta. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nBake the pizza for 15 minutes or until light brown a cracker like thinness and texture. Let cool for about 10 minutes, and serve., ingredients: [4 heads romaine lettuce, outer leaves removed, or 1.5 pounds romaine lettuce hearts, 34 cup Caesar dressing, recipe follows, Pizzettas, recipe follows, used as croutons, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 2 eggs See Disclaimer, 2 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 6 to 8 anchovy fillets, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups olive oil, 2 tablespoon warm water, if needed, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 8 to 10ounce jar olive paste tapenade, 9 ounces store bought pizza dough, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 14 pound Pecorino cheese, thinly sliced, Salt and pepper], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: FebiVXme8Iqwt7.Mu5EJsNcIZmYdha}, 24387: {instructions: Combine equal parts of the kosher salt and Mexican seasoning powder mix on a flat plate. Rim the edge of the glass with a little bit of the lime juice, and then dip in the seasoning to coat the edge of the glass.nCombine the remaining lime juice, Worcestershire, liquid seasoning if using, hot sauce and black pepper in a tall glass. Stir and top off with the ice cold Mexican beer., ingredients: [Kosher salt, for rimming the glass, Mexican fruit seasoning powder, such as Tajin, for rimming the glass, Juice of 12 lime, 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 1 dash liquid seasoning, such as Maggi, optional, 12 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Valentina, 1 to 2 turns fresh cracked black pepper, 1 Mexican beer, ice cold, such as Tecate or Negro Moldo], title: Spicy Michelada, picturelink: R3TzpMQRbFyNz5wJ9dTp.9ye5yd91G}, 24388: {instructions: Pour 12 cups of cold water into a large stockpot, and add the chicken parts and celery. Bring to a boil. Meanwhile, rub the inside of the whole chicken with the salt and pepper.nAdd the chicken to the pot, cover, reduce heat, and simmer gently for 45 minutes. Do not let the soup come to a rolling boil. Test chicken with a fork to see if it is tender and fully cooked then remove it from the pot, and set aside on a large platter. Leave chicken parts in the pot.nAdd onion, carrot, parsnip, salt and pepper. Let the soup simmer for another 1 hour and 15 minutes. When chicken cools, remove skin and bones and cut meat into bitesize pieces. You can add it to the soup, just before serving, or save it for chicken salad.nStrain the soup, and discard all solids except the carrot. Drop in the dill for 1 minute before serving and remove. Add more salt and pepper, to taste. Slice carrot and return to the soup. Also add the chicken pieces, if desired. The soup can be served with noodles, rice, or kasha and a matzo ball. The soup tastes best the following day. Allow the soup to cool and skim the fat from the top.nFill a large, wide stockpot 34 full with water. Add 1 tablespoon salt, and bring to a rapid boil. Meanwhile, crack eggs into a large bowl and beat thoroughly. Beat in schmaltz, 14 teaspoon salt, pepper, and baking powder. Slowly fold in matzo meal, mixing vigorously until completely blended.nWet your hands, and folding the mixture in your palms, shape perfect balls about 1 14 inches in diameter they will double in size when cooked. Gently place the matzo balls in the boiling water, and reduce heat to a simmer. Cook for 25 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and place 1 or 2 in each bowl of soup., ingredients: [1 pound chicken parts wings, necks, and bones, 2 stalks celery, including leafy tops, cut into 3inch pieces, 1 whole chicken, Salt and pepper, to rub inside chicken, 1 large whole onion, unpeeled, 1 large whole carrot, peeled, 1 medium whole parsnip, peeled, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 bunch dill, tied with a string, Matzo Balls, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon plus 14 teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs, 13 cup Schmaltz and Gribines, recipe follows, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 13 cups matzo meal], title: Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}, 24389: {instructions: For the marinade: Combine the tangelo juice, olive oil, lime juice, oregano, cumin, garlic, and some salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the chicken, toss to coat, cover the bowl with plastic wrap and marinate the chicken in the fridge overnight.nFor the tropical ketchup: Heat a large skillet over medium heat and the olive oil. Add the garlic and onions and a good pinch of salt. Saute the onions until completely translucent, about 15 minutes. Add the ketchup, mango and citrus juices. Lower the flame and cook, stirring every once in a while, until reduced and thickened. Transfer the mixture to a blender and puree. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt, pepper and vinegar adding a little more lemon or orange juice if needed and refrigerate until cold.nFor the chile sauce: Char the Anaheim peppers over an open flame or on the grill. Roughly chop the peppers and transfer to a blender.nHeat a large skillet, add the olive oil and heat over medium heat. Add the garlic, onions and habanero peppers and saute, stirring, to caramelize the onions. Transfer the mixture to the blender with the charred Anaheim peppers. Puree everything until smooth. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Transfer the sauce to a bowl and stir in the mayo a little at a time until it tastes just right. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nRemove the chicken from the marinade. Coat in the flour, then the beaten eggs, finishing in the coconut.nFill a deep skillet halfway with vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh to 350 degrees F. Fry the chicken lollipops until golden on all sides and cooked through. Drain on paper towels and season with a little salt.nServe the chicken with the tropical ketchup and Anaheim chile sauce., ingredients: [12 cup fresh tangelo juice or orange juice, 13 cup olive oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 6 cloves garlic, crushed, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 dozen chicken drumettes, bones frenched, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, sliced thinly, 1 white onion, sliced thinly, Salt, 2 cups ketchup, 1 sweet ripe mango, peeled and chopped, Juice of 1 orange, Juice of 12 lemon, Ground black pepper, Splash rice vinegar, 10 Anaheim chiles, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 white onions, chopped, 2 habanero peppers, chopped, 3 to 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 cups thinly shaved dried, unsweetened coconut flakes, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Coconut Chicken Lollipops with Tropical Ketchup and Anaheim Chile Sauce, picturelink: 5UfZBAlS4OplC3tcpp2x4XqHvPrL8m}, 24390: {instructions: In a large soup pot over medium heat add the scallion white parts, ginger, garlic, and sesame oil. Cook for 1 minute and add 8 cups water. Rinse the kombu and add it to the pot along with the bonito flakes. Bring it to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes  do not let it boil. Remove the kombu and set it aside. Add the dried mushrooms and miso to the pot and let it simmer gently for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the mushrooms are hydrated and tender. Add the bok choy and simmer until it is tender, about 10 minutes. Add the tofu and cook for another 5 minutes. Ladle into bowls and garnish with the reserved green parts of scallions., ingredients: [1 bunch scallions, sliced thin, white and green parts separated, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 8 cups water, Three 6inch pieces dried kelp kombu, 14 cup bonito flakes, 3 ounces dried shiitake mushrooms, 12 cup light miso, 1 pound baby bok choy, cut in quarters, 8 ounces firm tofu, cut into cubes], title: Hearty Shiitake Mushroom and Miso Soup, picturelink: uVsN9YtDm5IobjnAKRskRn8cJ3AXFq}, 24391: {instructions: Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until oil just begins to smoke. Add chicken pieces, and cook until brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a platter or a baking sheet.nPour off all but 1 tablespoon of fat from Dutch oven. Reduce heat to medium add cipollini onions and sugar. Cook until onions light golden. Add diced onion. Cook, stirring, until onions are light golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add orange juice, zest, lemon juice, garlic, rosemary, cumin, and chicken. Simmer, covered, for 15 minutes. Add olives, and simmer, covered, until chicken is tender, about 10 minutes more. Remove chicken, and transfer to a serving platter. Swirl butter into the sauce until melted. Pour sauce over chicken. Taste, and adjust for seasoning. Serve with basmati rice.nTie bay leaf, cinnamon stick, and clove in a small piece of cheesecloth. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, combine rice and 2 cups water. Add herb sachet, and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cover, and reduce heat to low. Cook until all the water has been absorbed and the rice has cooked, about 20 minutes. Remove sachet, check seasoning, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound chicken, cut into 10 pieces, rinsed and patted dry, Coarse salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 16 small cipollini onions, peeled, or white parts of scallions, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 small onion, cut into 14inch dice, 34 cup freshly squeezed orange juice about 2 oranges, 12 orange, zest finely grated, 12 lemon, juiced about 2 tablespoons, 2 medium cloves garlic, very finely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 13 cup small pitted green olives preferably Picholine or nicoise, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, SpiceInfused Basmati Rice, recipe follows, 12 fresh bay leaf, 12 cinnamon stick, 1 clove, 1 cup basmati rice, 2 cups water, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Orange Rosemary Chicken, picturelink: null}, 24392: {instructions: Place the flour, halfandhalf, eggs, salt, pepper, and butter in a blender and process until smooth. Add the corn and blend for a minute longer, until the corn is pureed. Pour the batter into a bowl, cover, and refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to overnight.nMeanwhile, combine cottage cheese and sugar in a small bowl, cover and refrigerate until ready to fill blintzes.nPreheat oven to 350F. Heat a griddle and brush it lightly with oil. Pour a scant 14 cup of batter onto griddle for each blintz. When bubbles form on top, flip the blintzes and cook until lightly browned. Remove blintzes from griddle and immediately place 1 to 2 tablespoons filling in the center. Roll the blintz and place it seamside down on a baking sheet. When all the blintzes are filled, place them in the oven to warm, about 1015 minutes. Alternatively, you can refrigerate unfilled blintzes, stacking them between sheets of waxed paper and wrapping in plastic, and proceed with recipe when ready to fill. Serve warm with Sauteed apples or pears., ingredients: [12 cup flour, 12 cup halfandhalf, 2 eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup fresh corn kernels about 2 ears, or frozen, Vegetable oil for brushing griddle, 1 12 cups cottage cheese, 6 tablespoons sugar], title: Sweet Corn Blintzes with Cottage Cheese Filling, picturelink: null}, 24393: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add the potatoes and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes and spread out on a sheet pan to cool. Meanwhile, bring a separate pot of water to a boil. Carefully add the eggs cook for 12 minutes, then remove to a bowl of ice water to cool completely. Peel the eggs under cold running water, then roughly chop.nIn a large bowl, combine the onion, celery, relish, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper and the mayonnaise. Fold in the potatoes, eggs and scallions. Adjust the seasoning to taste.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [3 large Yukon gold potatoes about 1 14 pounds, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 3 large eggs, 12 cup diced onion, 12 cup diced celery, 2 tablespoons sweet relish, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Classic Potato Salad, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 24394: {instructions: Move oven rack to lowest position. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Pour cake mix into clean, large mixing bowl.nAdd water. Prepare and bake according to package directions in ungreased 10inch tube pan. Cool completely.nPreheat outdoor grill to medium heat, or follow alternative indoor instructions below. Clean and lightly oil grate. Sprinkle cut side of fruit with cinnamonsugar. When ready to serve, place fruit, cut side down, on grill. Use grill pan or aluminum foil to collect syrup runoff from peaches. Cook about 2 to 3 minutes or until warm and nicely charred with grill marks. Set aside and keep warm.nPlace slices of angel food cake on clean grill using a metal spatula. Watch carefully and cook about 45 to 60 seconds on EACH side or until golden brown grill marks appear.nSlice peaches and serve over warm, toasted angel food cake.nGarnish: Drizzle syrup runoff from grilled peaches over angel food cake and peaches., ingredients: [1 box 16 oz. Duncan Hinesu00ae Angel Food Cake, 1 14 cups water, 6 ripe medium peaches, washed, halved and pitted, Cinnamonsugar mixture], title: Toasted Angel Food Cake with Grilled Peaches, picturelink: null}, 24395: {instructions: Butter 4 individual, shallow, flameproof casseroles and set aside. Trim and discard the thin belly section from the salmon fillets and season the fillets on both sides with salt and pepper. Place the salmon in the center of the casseroles and surround the fillets, in this order, with the peas, fava beans, snow peas, bacon, scallions and lettuce. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper. Lay the butter slices over the vegetables. Recipe may be made ahead to this point several hours ahead cover and chill.nPour the fish fumet into the dishes and place each dish on top of a stove burner turned to high heat. Bring the fumet to a boil. Lower the heat to mediumhigh and cook for 5 minutes, until a metal skewer inserted into the center of the salmon for 5 seconds feels barely warm when touched to your lip the salmon will be rare.nSprinkle the chopped mint over the vegetables and lay the mint sprigs on the salmon. Put the casseroles on serving plates and serve immediately.nRemove the gills and eyes from the fish, or have your fish store do it. Cut the heads and bones across into 4inch pieces. Put them in a shallow pan and cover with cold water: Let stand for 1 hour, changing the water twice. Drain.nHeat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onion, fennel, leek, peppercorns, salt, parsley and bay leaf. Turn the heat to mediumlow and cook until the vegetables are softened but not browned, about 4 minutes. Add the fish bones and cook, stirring from time to time, until the bones and any flesh around the bones turn from translucent to white, about 12 minutes. Add the wine and water and bring to a boil. Boil for 10 minutes, skimming off the foam as it rises to the top. Remove from the heat and let rest for 10 minutes.nStrain the fumet through a finemesh sieve, pressing firmly on the solids to extract as much of the flavorful liquid as possible. If you have more than 3 cups of fumet, place the liquid in a clean saucepan and boil until reduced to 3 cups. Store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 3 days, or in the freezer for up to 2 months. Yield: 3 cups, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, thinly sliced, plus additional for greasing casseroles, 4 7ounce very fresh salmon fillets, Fine sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground white pepper, to taste, 34 cup shelled small peas, 24 shelled fava beans, skinned, 12 snow peas, cut across into thin strips, 4 teaspoons julienned bacon, 4 scallions, top 1inch only white part, quartered lengthwise, 12 cup shredded iceberg lettuce, 2 cups fish fumet see recipe, 4 small sprigs fresh mint, plus 8 leaves, chopped, 2 pounds heads and bones from black bass, red snapper, or halibut, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 1 medium onion, peeled and very thinly sliced, 14 small fennel bulb, very thinly sliced, 1 leek, very thinly sliced, 15 white peppercorns, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 sprig fresh Italian parsley, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 cups water], title: ScandinavianStyle RareCooked Salmon with Fava Beans and Peas, picturelink: null}, 24396: {instructions: Preheat oven to the temperature listed on the sack of fries.nPreheat a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Combine chili powder, cumin and grill seasoning in a small bowl. Add a tablespoon of vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan, to a skillet and half of the turkey. Break up the turkey with the back of a wooded spoon. Season the turkey with half of the spice mixture. Break up and brown turkey a couple of minutes, then add half of the finely chopped onion and cook another couple of minutes. When onions are translucent, add Worcestershire sauce and tomato sauce, adjust seasonings and simmer the chili sauce over low heat until ready to serve.nWhile chili sauce is working, make the burgers. Place the remaining turkey in a bowl and add the remaining spice mixture, half of the remaining chopped onions, the 14 red bell pepper thats chopped, 2 cloves of chopped garlic and about a tablespoon of hot sauce. Combine the chili burger mixture and incorporate the diced cheese. Form 4 1inch thick patties. Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add a tablespoon of vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan, then the burgers. Cook the burgers 6 minutes on each side.nWhen you place the burgers in the pan, the timing is right to add the fries to the preheated oven.nWhile everything is moving forward, throw together the slaw salad. In the bottom of a medium bowl, combine 1 tablespoon hot sauce u00bf just eyeball it, with about 3 tablespoons vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar and 1 teaspoon salt. Add the red pepper strips, red onion and red cabbage to the bowl and toss to combine. Add some pepper, to taste.nChop the last 2 cloves of garlic. Add about a teaspoon of salt to garlic and using the flat of your knife blade, mash the garlic and salt into paste. Place the paste in a small bowl with 3 tablespoons butter, cut into chunks. Melt the butter and paste together on high in the microwave 20 seconds or so. Remove the fries from the oven and toss with melted butter and lots of parsley and adjust seasoning to your taste.nSeparate burger rolls. Pile chilicheese burgers on the bun bottoms. Top with scoops of chili sauce and a spoonful of the remaining finely chopped raw onions. Set bun tops in place and serve the burgers with piles of red pepper slaw and funky fries., ingredients: [1 16 to 20 ounce sack extracrispy style frozen potato fries, 14 cup chili powder, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning recommended: McCormick Montreal Seasoning, 14 cup vegetable oil, divided, 2 to 2 14 pounds ground turkey breast, 2 packages, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 cup tomato sauce, 1 8ounce can, 3 red bell peppers, 14 of 1 pepper finely chopped, remaining peppers thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, divided, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, divided, 13 pound, 6ounce chunk, Cheddar or smoked Cheddar cut into 14inch dice, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, divided, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 4 cups shredded red cabbage, 1 sack, available in produce department, Coarse black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup curly parsley, a couple of handfuls of leaves, finely chopped, 4 soft burger rolls], title: The T2: Turkey ChiliTopped Turkey Chili Burgers with Red Pepper Slaw and Funky Fries, picturelink: null}, 24397: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Combine cake mix, oil and eggs in large bowl. Stir with spoon until thoroughly moistened. Shape dough into 1inch balls. Place 2inches apart on ungreased cookie sheets. Flatten to 14inch thickness with bottom of glass dipped in flour.nBAKE 6 to 8 minutes or until edges are light golden brown. Cool 1 minute remove from cookie sheets.nSPREAD frosting over warm cookies. Immediately sprinkle each with candy bits from frosting. Let frosting set before storing. Store in tightly covered container.nHigh Altitude above 3500 ft.: ADD 12 cup flour to dry cake mix. Bake as directed above., ingredients: [1 18.9 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Funfettiu00ae Cake, 13 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 2 large eggs, 12 15.6 oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Vanilla Funfettiu00ae Frosting], title: Funfettiandreg Cookies, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 24398: {instructions: For Honey Dough:nIn a large saucepan, bring the honey to a boil over medium heat. Immediately remove the pan from the heat. Pour the honey into the large bowl of a stand mixer and slowly add the bread flour, using a bread hook. Continue mixing until dough is smooth, about 10 to 15 minutes.nAllow the dough to cool, then wrap with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature. This dough needs to set up overnight at least, but can rest up to 2 months.nFor Spice Dough:nDissolve the bakers ammonia in the water in a large mixing bowl of a stand mixer. Add the eggs and corn syrup and mix until combined.nSift the flour and spices in a separate large mixing bowl and gradually add the flour mixture to the wet mixture using a bread hook on the electric mixer. The dough will become very stiff do not overmix, simply incorporate the flour.nCut the honey dough into 3 portions and add it into the spice dough, 1 portion at a time. You need to make sure that the honey dough and spice doughs are completely combined. To make sure that they are, you must knead the dough by hand in a foldandpress motion on a lightly floured work surface. This will take a long time, but is totally necessary.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Divide dough into 4 equal portions. Lightly flour your work surface and work with 1 portion at a time. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough out until its about 14inch thick. While rolling, flour the work surface and rolling pin, as needed.nUsing your gingerbread house template, cut out desired shapes with a floured butter knife. Transfer the shapes to a greased cookie sheet or sheets, using a large floured spatula, placing them 1inch apart. Reroll the scraps to make the additional cookies or decorations used for the gingerbread house.nLightly brush dough with milk and bake until firm to the touch in the center and the edges begin to darken, 10 to 14 minutes. If the dough begins to bubble at all, pierce it with a toothpick to remove the air, and then carefully smooth out the surface. Remove the house pieces from the oven and allow to completely cool on the cookie sheet.nFor Royal Icing:nDo not begin to make the icing until the gingerbread house pieces are completely cooled and you are prepared to assemble the house.nBeat the egg whites until light and fluffy, about 5 to 7 minutes, in a large mixing bowl using an electric mixer on medium speed.nGradually add the confectioners sugar and cream of tartar beat until combined.nAdd the lemon juice and beat on high until the mixture forms stiff, glossy peaks, at least 5 to 7 minutes.nWhen finished, cover the icing with plastic wrap, making sure that the wrap touches the icing completely.nFor Gingerbread House:nCut out a large cardboard base that is large enough for your gingerbread house and strong enough to hold the weight. Cover it with aluminum foil or wrapping paper.nSpoon some of the royal icing into a pastry bag fitted with 14 to 38inch diameter tip. Keep the remaining icing covered so it does not dry out.nAssemble the walls of the house, piping thick lines of the icing onto the sides of the walls that meet. Use cans of food to support the walls when drying. If the edges of the pieces are not straight, you will need to cut them. If they are not smooth, you can run a nutmeg grater over the edge to smooth it out. Allow the icing to dry completely before attaching the roof pieces.nOnce the roof is secured and the icing is dry, you may decorate the house with the remaining icing, cookies and candies as desired.nCooks Notes:nYou will need to set aside a few days to make the house. The honey dough needs to rest overnight. Once the gingerbread pieces are baked, we suggest you allow them to cool for at least 4 hours. Once they are cooled completely, you can assemble the house. Allow the icing to totally dry and harden, then decorate the house as desired.nBakers ammonia is also known as ammonium carbonate, and can be found at drugstores. It must be finely ground. You may notice an odor of ammonia while baking, but this will quickly dissipate and will not have an odor or taste when completed.nWhen preparing the royal icing, you MUST make sure that the bowl and all utensils used are free from any traces of grease. The smallest trace of grease will not allow the icing to firm up.nWhen you are deciding on a gingerbread house template, please keep in mind that it cannot be larger than the cookie sheet you are using to bake the pieces.nWhen combining the honey dough and spice dough, it is very important that you combine them completely. Otherwise, the house pieces will cook uneven and the flavor will not be consistent. This process will require a lot of elbow grease when combining. Because the dough is so thick, you will need to do it by hand., ingredients: [6 12 cups honey, 12 cups bread flour, 1 12 ounces powdered bakers ammonia ammonium carbonate, 1 cup water, 4 eggs, 1 16ounce bottle light corn syrup 2 cups, 8 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, 4 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 3 12 tablespoons ground nutmeg, 4 tablespoons ground clove, 4 tablespoons ground ginger, Milk, for brushing dough, 4 egg whites, room temperature, 5 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon cream of tartar, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice], title: Gingerbread House and Ornaments, picturelink: null}, 24399: {instructions: Pasta e Fagioli is a dish I keep revisiting trying to play around with methods for it so I can keep making it new to me. Here, the classic soup turns into a baked pasta dish. Loosen your belts and open wide. Have your blankies ready for a family nap.nBring a large pot of water to a boil, salt it, cook pasta to just shy of al dente.nChop pancetta into 14inch dice.nWhile pasta cooks, heat a skillet with olive oil over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add pancetta, cook 2 to 3 minutes then add celery, carrot, onions, garlic, rosemary, thyme and bay leaf to the skillet, season with salt and pepper. Saute the vegetables until tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Add beans and heat them through. Stir in 12 cup wine, simmer 30 seconds more and turn off heat. Remove bay leaf.nWhile vegetables cook, place a small sauce pot over medium heat, add butter, melt butter then whisk in flour and cook 1 minute then whisk in milk. Season sauce with salt, pepper and nutmeg and reduce 4 to 5 minutes, stir in half the grated cheese, turn off heat and adjust seasoning.nWhile sauce cooks, place a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat broiler to high.nDrain pasta and return to the pot, toss with white bean mixture and sauce, stir to coat, transfer to a casserole dish, top with remaining cheese and place in oven to brown, 5 minutes., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound penne rigate or wholewheat penne, 14 pound pancetta, 3 to 4 slices thick cut like bacon, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 ribs celery from the heart with leafy tops, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and grated, 1 onion, peeled and chopped, 2 to 3 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves finely chopped, 1 fresh bay leaf, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 15ounce can small white beans Roman beans, such as Goya brand or, cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, Nutmeg, to taste, 1 12 cups grated Romano], title: Pasta e Fagioli al Forno, picturelink: MVwHmOiLfTJnztIavHxb80adpPXdia}, 24400: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a deepfrying thermometer and a 1inch ice cream scoopnFor the crab hush puppies: In a medium bowl, whisk the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, kosher salt, sugar and garlic powder. In a separate small bowl, whisk the buttermilk and egg. Make a well in the dry ingredients and begin to gently stir in the buttermilk mixture I use a wooden spoon. Do not overmix. Gently stir in the crab and scallions until just mixed.nFor the cilantrojalapeno dip: Combine the cilantro, mayonnaise, garlic powder, sea salt, pepper, reserved scallion greens and jalapeno in a blender and blend until pureed. Refrigerate until serving time. This can be made a day in advance.nHeat several inches of canola oil in a Dutch oven to 350 degrees F. There should be enough oil for the hush puppies to be completely submerged. Use a 1inch ice cream scoop to drop the batter into the hot oil in batches. Fry until deep golden brown, about 4 minutes. While the hush puppies are hot, sprinkle with a pinch of sea salt. Serve immediately with the dip., ingredients: [1 12 cups cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 1 large egg, 8 ounces jumbo lump crab, 3 scallions, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced reserve the dark green parts for the dip, Canola oil, for frying, Sea salt, for sprinkling, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Reserved dark green parts of 3 scallions, chopped, 12 jalapeno, seeds and membrane removed, chopped], title: Crab Hush Puppies with CilantroJalapeno Dip, picturelink: d0sB4vS59QBJOWBF0DVt71VhFVTo5kG}, 24401: {instructions: Special equipment: Pizza stone and pizza peelnSet a pizza stone on the lower rack of the oven, remove the other racks, and preheat to 500 degrees F.nUsing a food mill, grind the tomatoes into a bowl or pulse in a food processor until coarsely pureed. Season with sea salt and set aside.nVery lightly dust a work surface with some flour. Fill a medium bowl with flour and spread it out into a wide even layer. Drop the dough onto the flour in the bowl, and flip it over once in the bowl to lightly coat it. On the work surface, using your fingertips, press the dough all over to flatten it. Flip it over and press all over the surface again. Flip it one more time and repeat. Press the dough with your fingers repeatedly on one side with one hand, and with the other hand, slowly turn the dough clockwise on the work surface. Continue poking and rotating the dough to flatten and stretch the dough.nPick the dough up and toss it back and forth between the palms of your hands until it begins to stretch, forms a rough disc, and gets thinner. Drape the dough over your hands, tuck your fingers in, and gently pull your knuckles toward the outer edge of the dough. Continue, rotating the dough as you go, until it is about 10 inches in diameter. Work slowly, allowing the weight of the dough itself to stretch and do not force it or it will tear and can make the crust too chewy.nDust the work surface with a little more flour and set the crust back down. Press it with your fingers and pull it gently at the edges to even out the circle. Using a small ladle, evenly spread about 14 cup of the tomato sauce over the surface of the dough, leaving a 12inch border around the edge. Scatter the mozzarella pieces from the center out, leaving space between the cheese. Tear the basil leaves in half and scatter the pieces over the pizza.nLightly flour a pizza peel and set it on the work surface at the edge of the pizza crust closest to you. Run your fingers around the outside parameter of the crust to loosen any edges that might be stuck and make sure the dough is not stuck to the counter anywhere in the center. Gently grab the dough at the 5 oclock and 7 oclock positions and in one, quick motion, pull the pizza onto the peel. Use your fingers to pull and straighten the crust until round.nOpen the oven door. Set the front of the peel on the back edge of the pizza stone. Shake the peel very lightly to make sure the dough is not stuck and will slide. Holding the peel at a 45degree angle, jiggle it until the pizza begins to slide off once it reaches the edge of the peel, shake it lightly a few times, and then pull the peel out in one swift motion to drop the pizza onto the hot stone. Immediately close the oven door and cook until the crust begins to char on the bottom and edges and cheese is melted and bubbly, 8 to 10 minutes.nUse the peel to remove the pizza slide it onto a cutting board. Slice with a pizza wheel and serve immediately.nPut the yeast in a measuring cup and dissolve it in about 12 cup of the water. In a large bowl, dissolve the salt in the remaining water.nAdd about 12 cup of the flour to the saltwater solution and add the yeast mixture. Use your fingers to mix well. Add the remaining flour and mix with your hands until it forms a dough. Transfer the dough to a floured countertop.nTo knead the dough, grab the sides with your fingers and pull it up and over itself into the center. Using the balls of your hands, press the dough firmly in the center. Repeat, pulling the dough from the outer sides inward, Press it fast from the edge inwards. Working quickly will help prevent it from sticking. Continue kneading the dough until it is very smooth to the touch, and springs back when pressed, 15 to 20 minutes. Shape the dough into a ball, place it in a clean bowl, and cover with plastic wrap.nLet the dough rise for 2 hours, and then divide into four 9ounce portions. Form the portions into balls. Cover the dough with a towel and let rise at room temperature for 6 hours., ingredients: [One 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, drained, Sea salt, 00 or allpurpose flour, for forming and cooking, 9 ounces Katies Pizza Dough, at room temperature, recipe follows or from your local pizzeria, 2 ounces fresh mozzarella, torn into strips, 2 large fresh basil leaves, .10 ounces fresh cake yeast, 2 12 cups bottled spring water, at room temperature, .9 ounces sea salt, 2 pounds 00 flour, plus more as needed about 7 cups], title: Neapolitan Margherita Pizza, picturelink: ju7FGWPgI.biBYh.9vowkVb4gyGo0Xa}, 24402: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 wooden skewers that have been soaked in water or 8 metal skewersnMix the butter, brown sugar, chili powder, cumin, orange zest, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper together in a bowl. Add the beef, toss to coat evenly. Cover and refrigerate for 15 minutes or up to 1 hour.nPreheat a grill over high heat. Thread the beef, onions, and peppers onto 8 long skewers leaving 14inch space between the meat and vegetables. Lightly brush the grill grates with oil. Arrange the skewers on the hot grill and grill, turning until the meat is mediumrare, about 2 to 3 minutes on each of the 4 sides. Transfer the kebabs to the platter and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons cumin, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds beef tritip, cut into 1 12inch cubes, 1 large sweet onion, cut into 1 12 to 2inch dice, 12 assorted color baby bell peppers, cored and halved, Vegetable oil, for grill], title: Cowboy Steak and Pepper Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 24403: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nWash, core and cut the tomatoes into halves. Spread the tomatoes, garlic cloves and onions onto a baking tray. If using vine cherry tomatoes for garnish, add them as well, leaving them whole and on the vine. Drizzle with 12 cup of olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast for 20 to 30 minutes, or until caramelized.nRemove roasted tomatoes, garlic and onion from the oven and transfer to a large stock pot set aside the roasted vine tomatoes for later. Add 34 of the chicken stock, bay leaves, and butter. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes or until liquid has reduced by a third.nWash and dry basil leaves, if using, and add to the pot. Use an immersion blender to puree the soup until smooth. Return soup to low heat, add cream and adjust consistency with remaining chicken stock, if necessary. Season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Garnish in bowl with 3 or 4 roasted vine cherry tomatoes and a splash of heavy cream., ingredients: [2 12 pounds fresh tomatoes mix of fresh heirlooms, cherry, vine and plum tomatoes, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 small yellow onions, sliced, Vine cherry tomatoes for garnish, optional, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, optional, 34 cup heavy cream, optional], title: Roasted Tomato Soup, picturelink: UERE1LvI0w9xRVudQCFU5TSF9uFVW5O}, 24404: {instructions: Combine tarragon with milk and heavy cream and bring just to a simmer. Cover and let set for 1 hour. Combine yolks with the sugar and whisk until pale. Bring the cream back to a simmer and slowly pour the cream mixture into the yolks while stirring. Return the mixture to the pan and cook over low heat and continue stirring until the mixture thickens and coats the back of a spoon. Strain, pour into a container and chill in an ice bath. Cover and refrigerate for 24 hours. Romove from refrgerator and stir in apricot puree. Process in a an ice cream maker according to manufacturers directions.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 4.5 oz granulated sugar, 6 egg yolks, 4 apricots, pitted, pureed and strained, 12 oz fresh tarragon], title: ApricotTarragon Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 24405: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan, combine the sugar, cocoa powder, salt and warm water. Whisk to blend and bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat. Remove from the heat and stir in the chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream and 1 cup of the milk. Stir to blend and bring the mixture back to a gentle simmer on low heat.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, combine the cornstarch and the remaining 14 cup of milk until the mixture is smooth. Stir the cornstarch into the simmering chocolate mixture and continue cooking it over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the mixture thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. From time to time, use a whisk to blend the pudding and assure that it is not sticking to the bottom or sides and scorching as it cooks. Remove from the heat. Taste and add the vanilla and rum. Pour the pudding into a large bowl or, if preferred, individual coffee cups and cover tightly with plastic wrap so a skin doesnt form on top of the pudding. The plastic wrap should directly touch the top of the pudding in the bowl or cups. Refrigerate for a few hours or overnight.nIn a medium bowl whisk the cream until thick. Alternatively, use the electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Whisk in the sugar and vanilla until blended. Taste for sweetness and refrigerate until ready to use.nWhen ready to serve, heat the oil in a medium skillet over low heat. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, add the almonds. Cook them, stirring, from time to time, until they turn golden brown, about 2 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer them from the skillet to a paper towel or a kitchen towel to drain off excess oil. Season with salt, to taste.nRemove the pudding from the refrigerator, discard the plastic wrap and sprinkle with the almonds. Top with dollops of the whipped cream or serve the cream on the side. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup warm water, 14 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 14 cups whole milk, divided, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon dark rum, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup slivered almonds, Kosher salt], title: Chocolate Pudding with Almonds, picturelink: ibgefmJkt4n03oYhPYtzvNXaB0wHiy}, 24406: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease and flour 1 12cup muffin tin.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flours, baking powder, ginger, and salt.nIn a large bowl of a stand mixer, add the butter and sugars and beat until the mixture is very light and fluffy. Mix in the egg until incorporated. While the mixer is running, add in the dry ingredients and then the cream. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and beat in the mashed banana and vanilla. Fill each muffin cup 23 of the way with the batter.nBake the muffins until toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Remove the tin from the oven and, when cool enough to handle, transfer the muffins to a cooling rack.nBrittle and caramel sauce:nLine a sheet pan with a silpat or aluminum foil that has been generously buttered.nToss the macadamia nuts with the butter in a medium bowl.nIn a heavybottomed saucepan, combine the sugar with the water and cream of tartar. Bring the mixture to a boil over mediumhigh heat. When the syrup reaches a medium goldenamber color, switch off the heat and stir half of the syrup into the bowl with the macadamia nuts. Pour the mixture onto the prepared sheet pan and let the brittle cool. To the remaining caramelized sugar, carefully stir in the coconut milk. Cool the sauce completely before using.nWhen the brittle has cooled, chop it roughly with a knife.nArrange a pineapple ring on a small plate. Invert a cake onto the pineapple ring. Top with a small scoop of coconut ice cream and a sprinkling of the chopped macadamia brittle. Drizzle the dessert with 2 tablespoons of the caramel sauce and garnish with some mint. Repeat with remaining ingredients and serve., ingredients: [12 cup cake flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 pinch salt, 14 cup butter, at room temperature, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 ripe banana, mashed, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup macadamia nuts, toasted and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1 pinch cream of tartar, 14 cup coconut milk, Service:, 8 pineapple rings, 1 pint coconut ice cream, 12 bunch mint], title: Banana Coconut Luau Cake, picturelink: T3reanPI88r6Qs9vEHfcmoSfgLrciJi}, 24407: {instructions: For the cake: Position an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch cake pan with aluminum foil and coat it with cooking spray.nBeat the cake mix, oil, egg and 14 cup water in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Let stand a few minutes until no longer tacky, and then pat into the prepared pan.nBake until the edges are set, the cake has deflated and the top is no longer wet and shiny, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool completely, about 1 hour.nSpread the softened ice cream over the cake in an even layer. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, at least 4 hours or overnight.nFor the chocolate sauce: Combine the chocolate, cream, corn syrup, butter and salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk periodically as the mixture comes to a gentle simmer. Simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. If the sauce starts to boil, turn down the heat. Cool 15 minutes before serving. Transfer to a bowl or small pitcher.nLet the cake stand at room temperature for about 20 minutes before serving.nWhip the cream with the sugar in a chilled medium bowl with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Spread the whipped cream over the ice cream layer to cover.nUse the foil to lift the cake out of the pan and place on a serving platter. Slice and serve along with the chocolate sauce and your favorite toppings, such as chocolate sprinkles, chocolate chips, crushed chocolate wafer cookies, maraschino cherries and chocolatecovered raisins, nuts and pretzels.nFor the cake: Position an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch cake pan with aluminum foil and coat it with cooking spray.nBeat the cake mix, oil, egg and 14 cup water in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Let stand a few minutes until no longer tacky, and then pat into the prepared pan.nBake until the edges are set, the cake has deflated and the top is no longer wet and shiny, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool completely, about 1 hour.nSpread the softened ice cream over the cake in an even layer. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, at least 4 hours or overnight.nFor the chocolate sauce: Combine the chocolate, cream, corn syrup, butter and salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk periodically as the mixture comes to a gentle simmer. Simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. If the sauce starts to boil, turn down the heat. Cool 15 minutes before serving. Transfer to a bowl or small pitcher.nLet the cake stand at room temperature for about 20 minutes before serving.nWhip the cream with the sugar in a chilled medium bowl with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Spread the whipped cream over the ice cream layer to cover.nUse the foil to lift the cake out of the pan and place on a serving platter. Slice and serve along with the chocolate sauce and your favorite toppings, such as chocolate sprinkles, chocolate chips, crushed chocolate wafer cookies, maraschino cherries and chocolatecovered raisins, nuts and pretzels., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for coating aluminum foil, 1 box chocolate cake mix for two 9inch rounds or your favorite flavor, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg, 5 cups chocolate ice cream, softened, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, Chocolate Sauce:, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into large chunks, 34 cup heavy cream, 14 cup corn syrup, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, Suggested toppings: chocolate sprinkles, chocolate chips, crushed chocolate wafer cookies, maraschino cherries and chocolatecovered raisins, nuts and pretzels, Cooking spray, for coating aluminum foil, 1 box chocolate cake mix for two 9inch rounds or your favorite flavor, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg, 5 cups chocolate ice cream, softened, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, Chocolate Sauce:, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into large chunks, 34 cup heavy cream, 14 cup corn syrup, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, Suggested toppings: chocolate sprinkles, chocolate chips, crushed chocolate wafer cookies, maraschino cherries and chocolatecovered raisins, nuts and pretzels], title: SuperChocolate Sundae Cake Bar, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 24408: {instructions: Bring water to a boil with salt in a large pasta pot. Cook the pasta.nIn a medium saucepan, bring 8 cups of water to a boil. Add the soup base, shrimp, and spinach. Let simmer for 3 minutes.nDivide the pasta among four bowls. Pour soup over the noodles., ingredients: [8 cups water, 1 pound pasta i.e., spaghetti, capellini, linguine, rice noodles, 3 packets wonton soup base, 16 shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 pound spinach], title: Shrimp and Spinach Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 24409: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTake the beef tenderloin and drizzle with olive oil. Season well all over with plenty of kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper all over. Make sure it is at room temperature before cooking. Place a large cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat on the stove top and sear tenderloin all over. Place the whole pan in the oven and roast the tenderloin for 1517 minutes depending on how thick your tenderloin is. An instantread thermometer when inserted into the thickest part of the meat should read 130 degrees F for mediumrare. If you want it medium, cook for a further 3 minutes in the oven. Remove from the oven and tent with foil while you let it rest for 10 minutes before cutting.nMake the bearnaise reduction first. In a small saucepan, combine half of the tarragon, shallots, vinegar and wine over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until reduced by half. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.nBlend yolks and bearnaise reduction together in a blender. With the blender running, add 13 of the butter in a slow steady stream. Once it emulsifies, turn the blender speed up to high and add the remaining butter. Add the remaining half bunch of fresh tarragon leaves, season with salt and pepper and give it 1 more buzz. Set aside in a warm spot to hold the sauce., ingredients: [1 large end piece beef tenderloin about 3 pounds, tied and trimmed, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Blender Bearnaise Sauce, recipe follows, 1 bunch fresh tarragon, 2 shallots, minced, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 14 cup dry white wine, 3 egg yolks, 1 stick butter, melted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Filet Mignon with Blender Bearnaise, picturelink: null}, 24410: {instructions: Cook string beans in boiling salted water until fork tender then put in ice bath, drain until dry.nIn a large pasta bowl add string beans, chickpeas, kidney beans, garlic, oregano, onion, olives, celery, basil, parsley. Add salt, red and black pepper to taste. Mix well.nWhisk together olive oil, lemon juice, vinegar, toss with salad until combined. Let sit for 12 an hour, mixing every 10 minutes to get all ingredients coated with mixture.nChill for at least 1 hour and serve, salad can be made 1 day ahead of time., ingredients: [12 pound string beans, cut in half, 1 large can chick peas, rinsed and drained, 1 large can kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 6 cloves of garlic, minced, 1 12 tablespoons dry oregano, 12 large red onion, sliced, 12 pound oil cured Greek olives, 1 celery stalk, diced, 8 to 10 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh parsley, chopped, Salt and pepper, Crushed red pepper flakes, 14 cup olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup red wine vinegar], title: A Meaningful BeaningFul Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 24411: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F.nWhisk to combine sugar with 14 cup water in a small saucepan set over medium heat. Without stirring, cook mixture until dark amber in color, 10 to 12 minutes. Pour 1 tablespoon of caramel into bottom of standard 10 12 by 13 12inch muffin tin. Add 1 teaspoon of butter to each muffin cup. Set aside.nCombine cranberries and walnuts in a small bowl. Using a teaspoon, fill apple center with cranberry mixture. Place apples stem side down into caramel.nMeanwhile, on a lightly floured surface, roll out puff pastry to a 12inch square. Using a 2 12inch cookie cutter cut out 12 circles. Place puff pastry circles over apples, tucking pastry around apples. Bake until puff pastry is golden brown and puffed, 30 to 35 minutes. Turn out immediately onto a baking sheet lined with a silpat nonstick baking mat or parchment paper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 lady apples, peeled and cored from bottom, leaving stem intact, 14 cup fresh cranberries, chopped, 14 cup walnut halves, chopped, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, from standard package 17 14 ounces, defrosted], title: Mini Apple Tart Tatin, picturelink: Nq7XueTcDToDGjEG5FGyOJCZPj0Qye}, 24412: {instructions: Bring water to a boil for pasta, salt water and cook pasta just shy of al dente.nWhile water comes to a boil, heat extravirgin olive oil over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add anchovies and melt into oil. Add tomatoes, onions and garlic to the pan, season with crushed red pepper flakes, oregano, parsley and pepper, saute until the tomatoes and onions are soft, 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd wine and reduce for 1 or 2 minutes, melt butter into sauce and add clams to pot. Cover the pot and cook clams until they open, 6 to 7 minutes.nRemove any unopened clams and add pasta to the pan. Toss linguini with sauce for about 2 to 3 minutes so the pasta absorbs the flavors. Add basil to pasta and taste to adjust seasonings., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound linguini, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 to 6 anchovies, 1 pint small cherry tomatoes, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 stems oregano, leaves stripped and finely chopped, A handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Black pepper, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 3 pounds Manilla clams, scrubbed, 12 cup basil leaves, torn], title: Cherry Tomato Red Clam Sauce with Linguini, picturelink: 8PL9UXsSBb695HYLH7yNvMDh4iVgP6W}, 24413: {instructions: In small saucepan combine fish stock and raisins. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, until the raisins are plump and light gold in color, about 2025 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl and set aside. In a large skillet heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over high heat. Saute the onion 3 to 5 minutes until translucent and limp. Add garlic and saute about 30 seconds. Stir in tomatoes with 1 teaspoon salt and 34 teaspoon pepper and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside. In same skillet saute peppers in four batches, adding 2 tablespoons of oil for each batch. The peppers should remain crisp and colorful, like a stirfry. Transfer each finished batch to a platter to cool. Then transfer to the bowl with raisins and stock. Add the tomato mixture cooked vegetables can be refrigerated overnight if desired. In same skillet, heat the remain 2 tablespoons oil over high heat until almost smoking. Sprinkle the cleaned octopus with salt and pepper. Saute octopus, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes. Add the cooked vegetable mixture, oregano, lime juice and 14 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Stir and toss well to heat through and to combine the flavors., ingredients: [3 12 cups fish stock or clam juice, 12 cup golden or red raisins, 34 cup olive oil, 1 medium white onion, thinly sliced, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 3 Italian Roma tomatoes, peeled, seeded and julienned, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium red bell peppers, seeded and julienned, 2 medium yellow bell peppers, seeded and julienned, 2 medium poblano chiles, stemmed, seeded, julienned and cut into bitesized pieces, 2 12 pounds octopus, blanched, cleaned and cut into bitesized pieces, 1 bunch of cilantro, chopped, Juice of 2 limes], title: Octopus Veracruza, picturelink: null}, 24414: {instructions: Pat fillets dry, season with salt and pepper and dredge in flour and shake off excess flour. In a measuring cup, melt butter in microwave. Heat nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Pour in clear butter and leave milk solids in measuring cup. Place fish in hot butter and cook until golden. Flip fillet and cook other side until golden. Remove golden fish to paper towels to drain. In a small skillet, heat butter over medium high heat until milk solids begin to brown. Stir in lemon juice and parsley. Drizzle browned butter over fillet and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 fillets flounder, 2 inch thick, Salt and pepper, 2 cup flour, 1 stick butter, 3 tablespoons minced parsley, 1 lemon, half for juice and half cut into wedges], title: Sauteed Flounder with Seasoned Brown Butter, picturelink: null}, 24415: {instructions: Lightly toss everything except for avocado and mandarin in a large bowl, keep in refrigerator for 40 minutes. Toss avocado in before serving. Add mandarin oranges on top, to taste., ingredients: [12 pound jumbo gulf shrimp boiled with shells on in large pot of salty water for 45 seconds, then chilled in cold water. When chilled remove peel, 12 bunch celery, chopped against the grain., 1 large ripe tomato, seeded and diced into 23inch cubes, 1 large shallot, diced into 14inch cubes, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, 2 ripe lemons, juiced, 1 ripe avocado diced into 12inch cubes, 12 can mandarin oranges], title: Shrimp Salad with Lemon Juice, picturelink: null}, 24416: {instructions: In a large bowl, dissolve the cornstarch in the shaoxing. Mix in the oyster sauce, ginger scallions, pepper and sambal. Mix in the chicken and marinate for at least 2hours, preferably overnight. In a hot wok coated with oil, add the garlic and shiitakes and stirfry for 4 minutes until the mushrooms are soft. Set mushrooms aside and in the same wok, add the chicken and cook for 6 to 8 minutes. Add the stock and season with salt and pepper. Add the bok choy and cook another 3 minutes. Add back the shiitakes and the noodles. Completely coat and heat the noodles. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 cup shaoxing wine, 12 cup oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 14 cup sliced scallion whites, save green for garnish, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon sambal oelek, 1 pound skinless chicken meat. I prefer the legthigh meat, but breast may be substituted, Canola oil to cook, 6 cloves garlic sliced thin, 2 cups shiitake mushrooms, quartered, 1 cup chicken stock, 4 heads baby bok choy, core out, sliced, 1 pound blanched and refreshed lo mein noodles, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Chicken, Bok Choy and Shiitake Chow Mein, picturelink: null}, 24417: {instructions: Special equipment: highball glass bar spoonnStart with a highball glass filled with ice. Pour in ginger ale or lemonlime soda and top it off with a few splashes of maraschino syrup. Garnish with an orange slice and a cherry., ingredients: [ginger ale or lemonlime soda, splash maraschino syrup, orange slice, cherry], title: Shirley Temple nonalcoholic, picturelink: null}, 24418: {instructions: To make the quail stock:nRoast the reserved quail bones and skin in an ovenproof saucepan until the bones take on color. Transfer the pan to the stovetop and set over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, garlic, rosemary, and sage. Add the wine and let it evaporate. Add the water and simmer the stock until it has reduced to onequarter its original volume you should have about 1 cup of stock. Strain out the solids and reserve.nTo make the meatloaf:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nGrind the reserved quail meat in a meat grinder youll need 1 pound of meat. In a medium bowl, immerse the bread in the milk until its soaked. Meanwhile, combine the quail meat, sausage, eggs, Parmesan, parsley, and 1 teaspoon of the sage in a large bowl. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Squeeze the bread to remove excess milk discard the milk and add it to the bowl. Mix well. Divide the mixture in half, and form each half into a loaf no wider than 3inches in diameter. Roll each loaf in the breadcrumbs. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nMelt 4 tablespoons of butter with the olive oil in a large ovenproof saute pan set over mediumhigh heat. When the butter solids turn brown, sear both meatloafs until browned on all sides if they dont both fit, sear them one at a time, adding more butter for the second loaf. Add the shallots, garlic, sage sprigs, and rosemary to the pan. When the onion begins to color, add the wine, let it evaporate, and then add 34 cup of the quail stock.nBake until the juices run clear when pricked with a skewer, 45 to 60 minutes. Transfer the meatloaf to a clean plate, remove and discard the sage and rosemary sprigs, and make the sauce in the pan. Add the cream and use a hand blender to puree the pan sauce. Set the pan over medium heat and let it reduce to a pleasing saucy consistency.nTo make the cabbage:nHeat the butter and olive oil in a large braising pan set over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic, cook until softened but not browned, about 5 minutes. Add the cabbage and carrots, season with salt and pepper, and stir. Cover and reduce the heat to mediumlow heat. When the cabbage begins to wilt, add the wine, and let it evaporate. Add the remaining 14 cup of quail stock. Let the pan dry out, reduce the heat to very low, cover tightly, and braise until the cabbage is very tender and starts to color and stick to the pan, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nTo serve:nCut the meatloaf into 13inch thick slices and then cut each slice in half. Use an ice cream scoop to portion about 14 cup of polenta in the middle of a plate. Press a piece of plastic wrap on top and flatten the polenta to a circle thats about 4inches in diameter and 14inch thick. Fan the meatloaf slices over the polenta, scoop some braised cabbage alongside and spoon the sauce over everything. Finish with freshly ground pepper and a drizzle of olive oil.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [8 to 10 quail, boned reserve bones and skin for stock and meat for meatloaf, 1 small onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, crushed, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 sprig sage, 14 cup dry white wine, 4 cups water, 4 slices white bread, 1 cup milk, 4 ounces sweet pork sausage, removed from casing, 2 eggs, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage, plus 1 or 2 whole sprigs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch ground nutmeg, Fresh or storebought breadcrumbs, for coating, 4 tablespoons butter, more if needed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup chopped shallots, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 or 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 medium head savoy cabbage, cut in 12inch julienne, 1 cup julienned carrots, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup polenta, cooked according to package directions or your favorite method, Freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Quail Meatloaf on Polenta and Braised Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 24419: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large high sided saute pan over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook until golden brown and the fat has rendered. Remove the pancetta to a plate lined with paper towels.nAdd the shallots and red pepper flakes to the pan and cook until soft. Add the peas and cook until warmed through. Transfer to a large bowl and top with the crisp pancetta., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound pancetta, cut into small dice, 3 shallots, halved and thinly sliced, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 pound frozen peas, thawed], title: Peas with Shallots and Pancetta, picturelink: TfV0T0gBrVnUpuDZautoFxm9z6TbFVu}, 24420: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Drain and let cool to room temperature. Meanwhile, whisk the vinaigrette, shallot and lemon zest in a large bowl set aside.nPreheat the broiler. Place the corn on a baking sheet and broil, turning occasionally, until lightly charred on all sides, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly, then cut off the kernels.nAdd the pasta, corn, tomatoes, fennel and fronds, and basil to the vinaigrette toss to coat and season with salt and pepper. Gently fold in half of the goat cheese, then top with the rest.nWhisk 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon kosher salt and a few grinds of pepper in a bowl. Slowly drizzle in 23 cup olive oil, whisking constantly, until thick and smooth. Add more salt and pepper to taste. Makes about 1 cup.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound farfalle pasta, 23 cup mustard vinaigrette see directions, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 ears of corn, husked, 2 cups assorted cherry tomatoes, halved or quartered if large, 12 small bulb fennel, cored and thinly sliced, plus 13 cup chopped fronds, 12 cup fresh basil, roughly chopped, Freshly ground pepper, 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled], title: Corn and Tomato Pasta Salad, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 24421: {instructions: Fill blender with ice, pour in all ingredients, and blend thoroughly. Pour into a tall iced tea glassnGarnish with shaved chocolate and fresh nutmeg and a mint sprig., ingredients: [2 ounces coffee liquor, 2 ounces Irish cream, 1ounce vanilla vodka, 8 ounces Chaitea concentrate recommended: Oregon Chai Brand, 6 ounces milk or halfandhalf, Shaved chocolate, for garnish, Freshly grated nutmeg, for garnish, Fresh mint sprig, for garnish], title: Chais Big Bite Cocktail, picturelink: fCYdsEX0ahL4ZznOI1WGyFl2v6OyD1O}, 24422: {instructions: Melt butter in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add sugar and orange juice and stir until sugar melts. Add plantains and saute until tender and caramelized. Add rum. Using long match, carefully ignite mixture. Cook until flames die out. Serve immediately with vanilla ice cream and sprinkle with orange peel., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup packed golden brown sugar, Juice of one orange, 2 very ripe plantains, peeled, sliced, 14 cup dark rum, Vanilla ice cream, Freshly grated orange peel], title: Plantains Foster, picturelink: null}, 24423: {instructions: Carefully mix the meats, steak sauce, egg yolks, salt, and pepper with the tines of a fork, but do not mash it. Lightly form each hamburger and lightly press into a patty shape. Make an indentation and put a thin slice of butter inside each hamburger, making sure the butter is entirely encased in the meat.nHeat a grill, broiler, or saute pan and cook the hamburgers for 3 to 5 minutes on each side until almost done. Remove to a plate and cover with aluminum foil. Allow the hamburgers to rest for 5 minutes and serve immediately on buns., ingredients: [2 pounds ground chuck, 1 pound ground sirloin, 3 tablespoons steak sauce recommended: Crosse  Blackwell, 6 extralarge egg yolks, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 12 hamburger buns], title: Real Hamburgers, picturelink: null}, 24424: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a grill pan over mediumlow heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in an 8inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook until the shallots are soft, 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, 30 seconds. Remove the pan from the heat and cool slightly.nCombine the shallot mixture, lamb, cumin, ketchup, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Form the mixture into 8 patties each 2 12 inches in diameter and 12inch thick. Press a cube of cheese into the middle of each patty and form the meat around the cheese to cover. Brush the patties with the remaining 3 tablespoons of oil and grill until cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Let the patties rest for 2 minutes. Place the patties in the buns and serve., ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large shallots, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 pound ground lamb, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 2 ounces Swiss or gruyere cheese, cut into eight 12inch cubes, 8 small hamburger or slider buns, such as Kings Hawaiian, halved], title: Lamb Sliders, picturelink: Lf64dtE.qCxDdDMClmyjjJjvf7vqne}, 24425: {instructions: Heat the peanut oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the star anise and peppercorns cook, stirring, until toasted, about 10 seconds. Add the cilantro, scallions and garlic and cook 30 seconds. Add the soy sauce mixture and simmer over medium heat until slightly reduced, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and let cool, then add the chicken and toss. Cover and refrigerate 4 hours.nTransfer the chicken to a rack set in a roasting pan reserve the marinade. Refrigerate the chicken, uncovered, about 3 hours to dry out the skin.nPosition a rack in the upper third of the oven preheat to 400 degrees F. Pour 14 inch of water and the reserved marinade into the roasting pan. Roast the chicken 20 minutes. Baste with the pan juices, then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue roasting until the skin is glazed and a thermometer inserted into a breast registers 160 degrees F, 20 to 25 more minutes. Transfer the chicken on the rack to a board. Pour the pan juices into a skillet simmer over mediumhigh heat until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Drizzle over the chicken.nPhotographs by Con PoulosnWhisk the soy sauce, rice wine, hoisin sauce and honey in a bowl set aside., ingredients: [14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 star anise pod, broken into points, 12 teaspoon Szechuan peppercorns, crushed with a knife, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro stems and leaves, 3 scallions, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 quartered chickens 3 to 3 12 pounds each], title: HoisinGlazed Roast Chicken, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 24426: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Brush the poblano with 1 teaspoon olive oil and grill, skinside down, until charred but still firm, about 5 minutes. Cool slightly peel and finely chop.nIf using fresh corn, bring a small pot of salted water to a boil. Add the corn and cook until tender, 2 to 3 minutes drain.nMix the corn if using frozen, add it here, poblano, jalapeno, cilantro and red onion in a bowl. Stir in the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil, the lime juice, sugar and 12 teaspoon salt.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [12 small poblano chile pepper, seeded, 3 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 cup fresh corn kernels from 2 ears, or 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 small jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon sugar], title: AlmostFamous Corn Salsa, picturelink: wePrtcQyNZwt5yynZI3ArLBtpgCuAlG}, 24427: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBeat eggs and add heavy cream. Slowly add the dry ingredients. Add the corn and stir in the melted butter.nPour mixture into a greased casserole dish and bake for 45 minutes, ingredients: [3 eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 3 cups corn, 14 pound melted butter], title: Corn Pudding, picturelink: null}, 24428: {instructions: Cut 2inch asparagus spears and save. Take the rest of the asparagus and roughly chop. In a blender, add 12 cup chopped asparagus with mustard and juice. Blend at high speed and add oils. Check for seasoning. Toss spears in vinaigrette. Drizzle a little of the vinaigrette on the plate. Garnish with sesame seeds., ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus, blanched and refreshed, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon toasted white sesame seeds], title: Sesame Asparagus Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 24429: {instructions: For banana dips: Insert popsicle sticks in bananas and place in the freezer, wrapped in plastic wrap, for at least 3 hours or overnight. In a bowl over hot water melt chocolate. Unwrap bananas and dip, one at a time, in melted chocolate, then in toasted coconut. Eat immediately.nFor pineapple dips: Freeze pineapple chunks on a cookie sheet with parchment or waxed paper, covered, for 3 hours or overnight. In a small bowlmix honey with water. Skewer each piece of frozen pineapple with a toothpick and dip first in honey water mixture then in toasted sesame seeds. Eat immediately., ingredients: [4 small bananas, 1 pound semisweet chocolate, 4 tablespoons flaked coconut, toasted, 2 cups fresh pineapple cut into 2inch chunks, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon warm water, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted], title: Frozen Dipped Fruit, picturelink: null}, 24430: {instructions: Preheat oven at 350 degrees F.nClean and bake potatoes in oven for 1 hour. When done, allow to slightly cool and cut into halves.nPreheat grill to medium heat.nScoop out the pulp, leaving a 14inch thick shell for the toppings. Cut the potatoes into quarter wedges, brush with butter and season with salt and pepper.nPlace on grill and cook until crisp, about 10 minutes. During the last few minutes of grilling, remove potatoes and place on a cookie sheet. Top the potatoes with cheese and bacon and place back on top of grill.nWhile potatoes are grilling, combine the sour cream and horseradish in a small bowl and mix well.nPlace potatoes on serving plates and top with the green onions, chopped tomatoes and the sour cream horseradish sauce. Sprinkle with chopped chives, for garnish., ingredients: [2 large russet potatoes, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, Salt and pepper, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 6 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 3 tablespoons sliced green onions, 12 cup chopped tomatoes, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Grilled Potato Skins, picturelink: KbZm1hnqv9pISVQYK2bEgUF.1Ppcoga}, 24431: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients except the bread crumbs and toasted bread in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse on and off until smooth. Add bread crumbs little by little until you obtain a spreadable mixture. Keep in mind that the mixture will become thicker as the bread crumbs absorb moisture. Spread on toast and serve at once., ingredients: [2 ounces extra virgin olive oil, 1ounce pignoli pine nuts, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 garlic clove, Pinch cinnamon, 10 sprigs parsley, 1 large green chile pepper, stem and end removed, 1 orange, juiced, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 ounces bottarga pressed tuna roe, 8 anchovy fillets, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 12 pieces toasted baguette, or toast points], title: Sicilian Crostini with Thirteen Ingredients, picturelink: null}, 24432: {instructions: For the sausage: Begin by browning the sausage in a pan over medium heat. Stir in the Thai chili garlic sauce and brown sugar and cook for 10 to 15 more minutes. Remove from the pan and set on paper towels to drain. For the pancakes: Mix the flour and sugar together. Whisk in the milk, oil and eggs. Add the food dye and extracts and mix well.nCore the apples and remove any seeds, then slice in round slices.nHeat a griddle to 300 degrees F. Drop batter by spoonfuls onto the griddle. When bubbles begin to appear on top of the pancakes, add an apple slice to the top of each pancake, then flip. Cook until both the apple slice and the pancake have browned, an additional 1 to 2 minutes. Then remove, placing the pancakes appleside up on wax paper to cool. Stack them this way upside down to display the fresh apple. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nPlace a stack of pancakes on a plate and spoon warm crumbled sausage over the top, then drizzle with maple syrup and serve., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 14 cup Thai chili garlic sauce, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 2 cups selfrising flour, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 12 cups milk, 13 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 2 tablespoons red food dye, 2 tablespoons pure apple extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 small red apples, Maple syrup, for serving], title: Spicy Sausage and Apple Pancakes, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 24433: {instructions: COMBINE shortening, granulated sugar and brown sugar in large bowl beat at medium speed until well blended. Add milk. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Add vanilla.nCOMBINE flour, baking soda, cream of tartar and salt in separate large bowl. Mix into shortening mixture until well blended. Chill 1 hour.nHEAT oven to 350 degrees F.nROLL out 13 of dough at a time to about 14inch thickness on floured surface. Cut out with cookie cutters. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. Sprinkle with colored sugars and decors or leave plain and frost when cooled.nBAKE 6 to 8 minutes or until edges of cookies are slightly golden. Remove immediately to cooling rack.nButtery Cream Frosting:nCOMBINE powdered sugar, shortening and vanilla in bowl of electric mixer slowly blend in milk to reach desired consistency.nBEAT on high speed for 5 minutes or until smooth and creamy. Tint frosting with food coloring, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 1 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 4 cups powdered sugar, 13 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 2 tbsps. milk, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 4 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 12 tsps. baking soda, 1 12 tsps. cream of tartar, 1 tsp. salt, Colored sugar and decors optional, em, Buttery Cream Frosting:, em, or 13 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 1 12 tsps. vanilla extract, 6 to 7 tbsps. milk, Food coloring optional], title: Classic Sugar Cookies, picturelink: lr1u.kV2n4qv6w3f81ibLPZVpZd0.6}, 24434: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPie Crust:nChill all ingredients, including the flour and vinegar. Combine the flour, salt and sugar. Cut in shortening with a pastry blender until the mixture resembles cornmeal. In another bowl, mix water and vinegar with the beaten egg. Add the liquid mixture, 1 tablespoon at a time, to the flour mixture, tossing with a fork to form a soft dough.nFilling:nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPeel and slice apples. Sprinkle with lemon juice. Combine dry ingredients in large bowl and add apples. Toss to mix. Add vanilla and cream. Melt butter in heavy skillet. Add apple mixture and cook approximately 8 minutes, to soften apples. Turn into pie shell.nStreusel Topping:nCombine the flour and sugar. Mix in butter with fork until coarse crumbs. stir in the crushed toffee bars. Sprinkle over pie. Add top crust. Seal, flute edge and vent top. Brush with beaten egg white and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F and bake 45 minutes longer., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon butter flavored shortening, chilled, 13 cup ice water, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1 egg, beaten, 6 cups apples Jonathan or Granny Smith, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 4 tablespoons heavy cream, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 toffee bars or 3 ounces chocolate covered peanut or pecan brittle, crushed], title: Caramel Apple Pie  2003 1st Place Apple, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 24435: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Add the sausage and break up the meat into 12inch pieces with a wooden spoon. Cook until browned and cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the marinara sauce and arugula. Bring the mixture to a boil and cook until the arugula has wilted, about 2 minutes. Add the mascarpone cheese and stir until the mixture forms a creamy sauce. Remove from the heat and stir in the Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper.nCut a slit in the top of each baked potato and gently squeeze the ends to form an opening in the top. Spoon the sausage sauce into each potato. Garnish with parsley.nCooks Note: To bake the potatoes: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a fork, prick the skins of the potatoes all over. Wrap each potato in foil and bake until tender, about 1 hour. To cook the potatoes in a microwave: Using a fork, prick the skins of the potatoes all over. Place 2 potatoes at a time on a dinner plate. Microwave on high for 8 minutes. Turn the potatoes over and microwave until soft, 6 to 8 more minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed or chopped, 12 pound sweet or spicy Italianstyle turkey sausage, casings removed, 1 12 cups tomatobasil or marinara sauce, 3 cups baby arugula or spinach leaves, 12 cup mascarpone cheese 4 ounces, at room temperature, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 4 baked russet potatoes, 8 to 10 ounces each see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Baked Potatoes with Sausage and Arugula Sauce, picturelink: O0LbjldaXbLgICLOCOfCy3W4.9061K}, 24436: {instructions: Prepare the dressing: Heat the oil in a small saucepan, and saute the shallots over medium heat until soft. Stir in the cream, mustard, dill, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil, then quickly lower the heat and simmer until reduced by half. Remove the pan from the heat, pour the dressing into a bowl, and set the dressing aside and cool to room temperature. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet, and saute the mushrooms over medium heat until they are tender. Transfer them to a bowl and let cool. Preheat the broiler or grill. Mix together the remaining 2 tablespoons oil with the lemon juice, dill, salt and pepper brush this over the salmon fillets. If you are grilling, cook the fillets about 6 inches away from the heat source, or if youre broiling, about 4 inches away. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or according to taste. Spread the salad greens out over a large platter, and top with the cooled mushrooms. Arrange the roasted potatoes around the edge of the platter. Place the salmon fillets over the mushrooms and drizzle with the dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped shallots, 1 cup light cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh dill or 12 teaspoon dried, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound fresh mushrooms, sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh dill or 12 teaspoon dried, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 8ounce salmon fillets, 6 cups mixed salad greens, 2 cups Paprika Roasted Potatoes at room temperature, recipe follows], title: Grilled Salmon Salad with Wild Mushrooms and Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 24437: {instructions: Heat a 9inch saucepan over medium heat and add the butter and olive oil. Stir in the garlic and cook until brown in color. Add the artichoke, chopped tomatoes, 12 cup of lemon tea and spinach leaves, toss and cook for 1 minute. Add the remaining 12 cup of lemon tea and lemon juice and reduce by half. Stir in the heavy cream, Parmesan, and salt and pepper and reduce for 1 minute. Warm the ravioli, transfer to serving plates and top with the sauce., ingredients: [1ounce unsalted butter, 1ounce olive oil, 1 medium clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 whole artichoke heart cut in quarters, 1ounce chopped tomatoes, 1 cup chamomile lemon tea, divided, 1 cup fresh spinach leaves, 12 lemon, juiced, 4 ounces heavy cream, 2 ounces Parmesan, 1 pinch salt, 1 pinch pepper, 6 ravioli, your choice], title: Ravioli with a Chamomile Lemon Tea Cream, picturelink: null}, 24438: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nGrease an 11 by 17inch baking sheet pan with extravirgin olive oil. Place vegetables in baking sheet and add the dried herbs, salt and pepper. Toss well, evenly coating all the vegetables with the seasonings and oil. Add more oil if the vegetables seem dry.nSpread the vegetables evenly on a large baking sheet. Place on middle rack in oven and bake for 35 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 medium carrots about 34 pound, cut into 1 12inch thick circles, 1 12 cups Brussels sprouts about 12 pound, halved, 4 cups red bliss potatoes about 1 pound, cut into 1 12inch thick slices, 3 medium parsnips about1 pound, cut into 1 12inch thick slices, 1 cup sweet potatoes about 1 pound, cut into 1 12inch thick slices, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon dried rosemary, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Potatoes, Carrots, Parsnips and Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: MTUgPDxfBrwJeHTf.8bQAUZI3iab4C6}, 24439: {instructions: Lay out the salmon slices on a clean work surface. Place a few greens on the slices keeping the cut stems at the base all lined up. Roll the greens inside of the salmon and use the chive strings to tie off the wrap. Place the wraps on a platter and cover with film until ready to serve. Can be set up well in advance of service, refrigerated.nServe with Sunflower Seed Bread and Chive infused c, ingredients: [Thinly sliced smoked salmon, such as Hommarus, Frisee, Mizuna, Russian Kale, Baby Chord, Blanched chives at least 3 inches long with sturdy stems], title: Smoked Salmon and Mesclun Rolls, picturelink: null}, 24440: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Add the rice and 1 tablespoon of the salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the rice is tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain through a finemesh sieve and rinse under cold water to stop the cooking. Shake the sieve to drain as much water as possible.nMelt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the rice and the remaining 12 teaspoon salt and stir with a heatproof rubber spatula to coat all the rice with the butter. Once the rice is warmed through, about 3 minutes, transfer the rice to a serving bowl and add the herbs plus additional salt, if needed. Stir with a fork to incorporate and fluff the rice and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups longgrain white rice, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon, kosher salt, plus extra if needed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup finely chopped fresh herbs, such as basil, chives, cilantro, mint, or tarragon, or a combination of many], title: Rice with Fresh Herbs, picturelink: GOw3HMFFpFQe4WKjfTk1fy.0B8RqY2}, 24441: {instructions: For the pastry, sift the flour, cayenne pepper and salt and pepper into a bowl. Rub in the butter, then add the grated cheese. Mix to a soft dough with the yolk, adding a few drops of water if necessary. Chill for 30 minutes.nRoll out the dough thinly into a square roughly 10 by 10 inches. Spread lightly with mustard, then cover the mustard with a thin film of Gentlemans Relish. Sprinkle over the Parmesan cheese and chives. Roll up as a Swiss roll, wrap in saran wrap and chill 45 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the roll across in thin slices and place on a greased and lined baking sheet. Bake for 7 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup plain allpurpose flour, Pinch cayenne pepper, Salt, Black pepper, freshly ground, 2 ounces butter, 4 tablespoons, 12ounce Parmesan, grated, 1 egg yolk, Dijon mustard, Gentlemans Relish anchovy paste is an acceptable substitute, 1 to 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Fresh chives, finely chopped], title: Savory Shortcrust, picturelink: null}, 24442: {instructions: Melt butter in a medium saucepan. Add seasoning to melted butter and stir to combine. Brush rolls with chili butter, and then place on an aluminum foilcovered baking sheet. Bake per package instructions, until golden brown., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 1 tablespoon chili seasoning recommended: Shillings, 1 package brown and serve rolls], title: Chili Rolls, picturelink: Y7PoXZnTUskdsSCRXaF5mQCZM2k6J.}, 24443: {instructions: Bring a large stockpot water to a boil. Add cucumbers, immediately remove from heat, and drain in a colander. Rinse with cold water and reserve.nCombine pickling liquid ingredients in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Place cucumbers in a large container with remaining vegetables and herbs. Pour hot pickling liquid over cucumber mixture and let cool. Tap down solids until liquid rises to top. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature 1 day. Transfer to a sealed container and refrigerate 3 days before serving. Store indefinitely., ingredients: [15 pickling cucumbers or Kirbies, 3 cups water, 2 cups white vinegar, 14 cup coarse salt, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 2 whole cloves, 1 bay leaf, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 stalk celery, sliced, 12 carrot, peeled and sliced, 1 jalapeno pepper, sliced with seeds, 8 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 bunch dill, 1 sprig thyme], title: Dill Pickles, picturelink: null}, 24444: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 1 piece parchment or greaseproof papernPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl whisk the buttermilk, eggs, and vanilla together so they are well combined. In a separate bowl mix the flour, baking powder, soda, salt, and sugar. Combine the wet ingredients with the dry and stir with a spoon to get rid of the lumps. Fold in the pecans, most of the melted butter and whisk until batter is smooth. Heat a griddle or skillet over medium low heat and swirl around a little melted butter to keep the pancakes from sticking. Using a ladle pour the batter into the pan, see Cooks notenCook the pancakes on 1 side until they are set and then lightly press the bananas into the batter. When small bubbles appear on the uncooked surface, flip the pancakes and cook until golden on both sides, about 8 minutes. Transfer pancakes to a warming plate in the oven while you make the rest.nTo serve, slice the maplehoney butter, layer it between the stack of pancakes and place in the oven to melt for 1 12 minutes. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar and candied pecans.nIn a mixing bowl, using a spatula mash the butter with the maple syrup and honey until well blended. Roll it up in the paper, like a tube and twist the ends. Chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 pinch salt, 4 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup pecans, toasted and finely ground not chopped, 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 3 bananas, peeled and sliced in 14inch circles, Maple Butter, recipe follows, Confectioners sugar, to garnish, Candied Pecans, to garnish, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Banana and Pecan Pancakes with Maple Butter, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 24445: {instructions: In a large ziptop plastic bag, combine the oats, flour, oregano, thyme, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, and black pepper. Seal the bag and shake to combine. Using a brush or spoon, coat the chicken pieces all over with the marmalade. Add the chicken to the oat mixture, seal the bag, and shake to coat the pieces evenly.nRefrigerate the chicken for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 3 months. Thaw completely in the refrigerator or microwave for about 4 minutes on LOW before baking.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray. Transfer the chicken pieces from the bag to the prepared baking sheet and spray the tops of them with cooking spray. Bake until golden brown and cooked through, about 20 minutes no need to turn them. Serve hot., ingredients: [14 cup quickcooking oats, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 pounds chicken tenders rib meat or boneless, skinless chicken breasts cut into thin strips, 13 cup orange marmalade, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Orangey Herb and OatCrusted Chicken Tenders, picturelink: null}, 24446: {instructions: Fill a Collins glass or Moscow mule mug with ice and add the lime juice. Pour in the bourbon and fill with cold ginger beer. Stir and serve., ingredients: [Ice, 12 ounce lime juice, 2 ounces bourbon, 4 to 6 ounces ginger beer], title: Kentucky Mule, picturelink: null}, 24447: {instructions: With a push pin, pierce the large ends of eggs to release the air bubble, which otherwise can expand during cooking, cracking the egg shell. Into a 3quart sauce pan place the eggs. Pour in 2 12 quarts of cold water. Bring just to the rolling boil, remove from heat, cover the pan closely, and set the timer for 17 minutes.nTransfer the eggs to a bowl of ice cubes and water, and let cool for 2 minutes to shrink the egg body from the shell while you bring the egg water back to the boil. Then transfer the eggs back into the boiling water and let boil for exactly 10 seconds to expand the shell from the egg body.nAt once, and 1 by 1, tap an egg gently all over on a hard surface to crack the shell and starting at the large end, peel under a thin stream of cold water. Return it to the iced water, and continue with the rest. Let them chill a good 20 minutes in the iced waterrapid cooling helps prevent the dark line between yolk and white.nAlways store hardboiled eggs in the refrigerator, submerged in ice water in an uncovered container, where they will keep perfectly 3 to 4 days.nScrub the potatoes under running water with a vegetable brush, and place in a steamer basket over a saucepan containing 2 inches of water. Bring to the boil, lower heat to moderate, cover closely, and steam about 20 minutes or until cooked throughbe sure they are really cooked through, cut one in half and taste carefully. Peel while still hot, halve them, cut into slices 14inch thick.nIn a 2quart bowl, combine salt, shallots, wine, and water. Lift the potatoes gently into a the 2quart bowl. Using a bulb baster, so as not to break the slices, baste the potatoes with the liquid. Taste for seasoning adding more salt, if needed, grinds of pepper, and several spoonfuls of the olive oil. Baste several times as the potatoes cool.nIn a large kettle, set over moderately high heat, bring 6 quarts of water to the boil. Wash and drain the green beans, then snap off both ends. Add 2 tablespoons of salt to the boiling water and drop the beans into the kettle. Cover the kettle for a moment, just until it boils again. Uncover at once and boil slowly moderate bubbles for 3 to 4 minutes. The beans are done when just cooked throughtaste one to be surejust tender with the slightest crunch. Drain immediately. At once return the beans to the kettle and run cold water into it to cool the beans rapidly, adding a tray or two of ice cubes if you have them. When chilled, in 5 minutes or so, drain again, dry in a clean towel, and refrigerate in a covered bowl until ready to assemble salad.nSeparate the lettuce leaves, wash, and spin dry. Shortly before serving so that all elements will remain at their freshest, toss the lettuce leaves in a large bowl with just enough dressing to coat them. Taste the potatoes, adding a little more seasoning if necessary. Halve the eggs. Toss the green beans with a spoonful of the dressing. Lightly salt the cut surfaces of the tomatoes and dribble over a little dressing. Open and drain the anchovies, separating them with a form. Drain the canned tuna, flake gently, and season with lemon juice and pepper. Arrange the largest lettuce leaves nicely around the sides of the serving bowl or platter, and make a bed of the remaining leaves in the center, where you will pile the potatoes. Place the egg yolks against the lower part of the potatoes, spoon a dollop of mayonnaise over each yolk, and decorate with crossed strips of anchovies and a sprinkling of capers. Divide the beans, tomatoes, and tuna into 6 portions, and place at strategic intervals around the potatoes.nSurvey the platter, scattering black olives and tucking parsley springs wherever needed. Serve as soon as possible.nGrate the lemon peel into a screwtop jar, add the salt, several grinds of pepper, mustard, minced shallots, and 1 tablespoon lemon juice. Shake well to blend, then pour in the oil and shake vigorously again. Taste for seasoning, adding more lemon, salt and pepper if needed.nYield: about 23 cup, ingredients: [6 very fresh eggs, 6 to 8 redskinned or yukon gold potatoes, of a uniform, medium size 2inch diameter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pound very fresh, crisp, young, stringless green beans, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon finely minced shallots or scallions, 13 cup dry white wine, 13 cup cold water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 4 tablespoons excellent olive oil, 1 large head Boston lettuce, Oil and Lemon Dressing, recipe follows, 3 to 4 ripe red tomatoes quartered through the stem or 12 to 16 ripe fullflavored cherry tomatoes halved through the stem, 1 2ounce can or bottle anchovy fillets packed in olive oil, 1 8ounce can oilpacked chunk white tuna, drained, Fresh lemon juice, 1 cup good mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons capers fine fat ones if possible, 12 cup small Italian or French black olives, pits in, and packed in brine, Fresh parsley sprigs, 12 lemon, zested and juiced at least 1 tablespoon, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 tablespoon finely minced shallots or scallions, 12 cup excellent olive oil], title: Salad Nicoise, picturelink: null}, 24448: {instructions: Remove core and stem from the pepper, cut the pepper into pieces and run through juicer. Combine pepper juice and port wine and reduce down to 34 to 12 a cup. Add Thai Chili Garlic Sauce last minute, stir and strain. Reserve until needed.nReserve until needed. .nReduce vinegar and onions down to approximately 14 cup liquid. Strain and discard the onions. Reserve until needed.nPut flour, egg, and breadcrumbs in 3 separate deep dishes. Season sole strips with salt and pepper and dip into flour first. Roll on a flat surface and with the curvature of your palm form into the shape of a small fish tapered at each end. Transfer into beaten egg, remove and put into bread crumbs, coat well. Roll again on a flat surface to keep the shape. Heat soy oil in a heavy duty skillet over mediumhigh heat until it reaches 350 degrees. Place breaded Sole in hot oil and fry until golden brown in color, for approximately 2 minutes. Remove from pan and place onto paper towels. Pick watercress of the big stems . Squeeze lemon juice and drizzle olive oil over watercress, season with salt.nPLATING: Mound salad in middle of the plate and arrange Sole around it. Drizzle the three different sauces onto plate, in any desired pattern., ingredients: [14 cup wasabi powder, 14 cup water, 12 cup creme fraiche, 1 12 lemon juice, Salt to taste, Dissolve wasbi powder in water. Whisk in creme fraiche and lemon juice., Season with salt to taste., 3 cups red pepper juice approximately 7 to 9 peppers, depending on size, 1 cup port wine, 1 tablespoon Thai Chili Garlic Sauce Oelek, Salt to taste, 2 12 cups balsamic vinegar, 1 small white onion, diced, 12 cup flour, 3 eggs beaten, 1 cup breadcrumbs for breading, 4 each 18 ounce Dover Sole, skin off, fillets and cut into 12 thick and 4 inches long strips, 1 cup Soy oil, 2 bunch watercress, 2 each lemons, 3 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil], title: Dover Sole Goujonettes with Watercress, Wasbi Creme Fraiche, Spicy Red Pepper Reduction, Balsamic Syrup, picturelink: null}, 24449: {instructions: In a small saucepan bring the chicken broth to a boil and in it poach the chicken at a bare simmer, covered, for 8 minutes, or until it is springy to the touch and just cooked through. While the chicken is poaching, in a saucepan cook the onion and the celery in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are softened, stir in the curry powder, the turmeric, and the cayenne, and cook the mixture, stirring for 2 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a work surface, reserving the broth, and chop it. Add the reserved broth to the vegetable mixture, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring, and simmer it for 5 minutes. In a blender or food processor puree the mixture with the chutney and 12 the chicken until the puree is very smooth. Transfer the puree back to the saucepan, stir in the remaining chicken and just heat through. Stir in the minced coriander, and divide the soup between bowls. Garnish each serving with a coriander sprig., ingredients: [4 cups chicken broth, 1 skinless boneless chicken breast about 10 ounces, 2 onions, chopped, 1 12cups chopped celery, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 2 teaspoons turmeric, Pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste, 14 cup bottled mango chutney, 14 cup minced fresh coriander plus 4 sprigs for garnish], title: Hot Senegalese Soup with Coriander, picturelink: null}, 24450: {instructions: Place a medium saucepan on a burner and add 2 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and slowly whisk in all of the butter. Hold warm until ready to heat lobsters.nMarinate filets in 14 cup olive oil, cracked black pepper, and thyme for 1 hour at room temperature.nPreheat a grill. Season filets with kosher salt and grill to desired temperature. Remove from grill and allow to rest for 4 minutes before serving.nWhile meat is coking, reheat the melted butter if needed. While meat is resting, place the lobster tails and claws in the butter and heat until warmed all the way through, about 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat remaining 14 cup olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add chopped garlic and blanched baby spinach and saute until heated through.nFor each dish, place a potato cake in the center of a plate, top with sauteed spinach, and a lobster tail. Thinly slice the filet into 6 slices and fan the filet out in front of the potato and spinach. Top with the lobster claw and pour sauce around the plate. Serve spaetzle as a side dish.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a baking dish, toss the whole potatoes with the olive oil, salt, and pepper. Roast until mostly cooked through. Remove from oven and cool. Peel potatoes and grate. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nMelt the butter in a saute pan over medium heat. Saute the onion until tender. Add the cooked onion to the grated potato mixture. Form into 4 patties, place on a cookie sheet, cover with plastic wrap, and chill in the refrigerator.nHeat about 14 cup of olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add potato cakes and saute until golden brown on both sides and heated through, about 2 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towels.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F. Place lobster heads on a sheet tray and roast until slightly browned, approximately 15 to 20 minutes. In the meantime, sweat onion, carrot, celery, shallots, and garlic in 12 stick of butter in a large saucepan. Add brandy and reduce until almost dry. Add white wine and reduce. Add tarragon, bay leaves, parsley, thyme, basil, chicken stock, tomato paste, and roasted lobster heads. Bring to a boil and simmer for 2 hours, skimming periodically. Strain through a chinois, return to the pan, and reduce by half until the sauce starts to thicken, approximately 30 minutes. In the meantime, reduce heavy cream by half in a small saucepan. Whisk in the heavy cream and finish sauce by slowly adding the remaining 12 stick of butter, 1 tablespoon at time. Keep warm until ready to serve.nBeat egg, yolks, and milk in bowl and set aside. Measure all dry ingredients and place in bowl. Add egg mixture to flour mixture and blend with hand, then add the melted butter. Let batter rest for 30 minutes.nBring a large pot of boiling, salted water to a boil. Place a perforated hotel pan over the boiling water. Pour the batter into the perforated pan and press it through into the water. Cook until spaetzle rises to the top. Drain and shock in ice water. Drain again and toss with the oil. Serve as a side with the lobster., ingredients: [2 pounds unsalted butter, 4 1 12pound poached Maine lobsters, tail and claw meat removed reserve bodies for Thermidor Sauce, 4 6ounce filet mignons, 12 cup olive oil, divided, 4 teaspoons cracked black pepper, 4 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt, 4 teaspoons chopped garlic, 4 cups blanched baby spinach, all liquid squeezed out, 4 Potato Cakes, recipe follows, 8 ounces Thermidor Sauce, recipe follows, Spaetzle, recipe follows, 4 Yukon gold potatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick butter, 1 white onion, chopped into 14inch dice, Olive oil, for sauteing, 3 lobster bodies, cleaned of gills, 1 onion, cut into medium dice, 1 carrot, cut into medium dice, 1 celery stalk, cut into medium dice, 12 cup mediumdiced shallots, 8 garlic cloves, lightly smashed, 12 stick butter, plus 1 stick, cut into tablespoons for sauce, 2 cups brandy, 6 cups white wine, 2 sprigs fresh tarragon, 2 bay leaves, 14 bunch fresh parsley, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 18 bunch fresh basil, 4 cups chicken stock, 12 cup tomato paste, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 egg, 3 egg yolks, 34 cup milk, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 1 tablespoon each kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup melted butter, 1 teaspoon olive oil], title: Lobster Thermidor, picturelink: b3wfWiAgr36qKv6mYgfEwibplyteyC}, 24451: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Beat the egg and water in a small bowl with a fork or whisk. Stir the cheese and salsa in a small bowl.nUnfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 15 x 12inch rectangle. Cut into 20 3inch squares. Place about 1 tablespoon cheese mixture in the center of each pastry square. Top each with 1 olive piece, if desired. Brush the edges of the pastry squares with the egg mixture. Fold the pastry over the filling to form triangles. Crimp the edges with a fork to seal. Place the filled pastries onto baking sheets. Brush the pastries with the egg mixture and sprinkle with the chili powder.nBake for 15 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Remove the pastries from the baking sheets and let cool on wire racks for 10 minutes., ingredients: [12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, thawed, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon water, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 14 cup Paceu00ae Chunky Salsa, 5 pitted ripe olives, cut into quarters optional, Chili powder], title: Nacho Cheese Bites, picturelink: null}, 24452: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine bread crumbs, eggs, milk, 12 cup of the Romano and the parsley, and mix well. Season with salt and pepper. Add beef and gently combine, being careful not to overwork the meat. Shape into bitesize meatballs. Roll each meatball in flour to coat, shaking off excess.nIn a large pot, bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain pasta in a colander and set aside. If not using immediately, cover top with plastic wrap so that pasta does not dry out. Do not rinse pasta with water since you want to retain the pastas natural starches so that the sauce will cling to the ziti.nIn a large skillet heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. When almost smoking, add meatballs in batches and without moving or turning the meat, allow it to brown for about 3 minutes. Turn meatballs and brown other side. Continue to cook until all sides are golden brown. Remove meatballs to a plate.nIn a large bowl, combine the tomato sauce and ricotta and mix well. Add the cooked ziti and meatballs and toss gently.nIn a large greased baking dish, pour in pasta mixture. Sprinkle the mozzarella, Parmesan, and remaining Romano all over the top. Dot with the butter. Place baking dish on top of baking sheet covered with aluminum foil to collect any drippings from the dish. Bake until top is golden brown and bubbly, about 30 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup plain dried bread crumbs, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons milk, 34 cup grated Romano, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground beef, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 1 pound ziti, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 5 cups tomato sauce, 3 cups whole milk ricotta, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 14inch pieces], title: Baked Ziti with Meatballs, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 24453: {instructions: For the Worcestershire sauce:nIn a large stockpot, caramelize the onions, carrots, and celery. Add the anchovies, garlic, jalapeno, ginger, peppercorns, cloves, vinegar, tamarind paste, and molasses. Simmer for approximately 1 hour, stirring occasionally, until most of the vinegar taste is gone. Add the demi glace. Simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Season, strain through a fine mesh strainer and chill.nFor the short ribs:nMake sure your short ribs are cleaned of any sinew. You can ask your local meat butcher to remove all sinew. Generously season the short ribs with salt and pepper. Get a large pan screaming hot with grapeseed oil. Place the short ribs in the pan and hard sear them on all sides.nOnce they are nice and seared remove them from the pan. Deglaze the pan with a cup of your Worcestershire sauce. Place the short ribs in a roasting pan with the deglazed juice form the seared pan. Cover the short ribs with more of the Worcestershire sauce cover the roasting pan with foil and place in a 200 degree F oven for 12 hours.nServing suggestions:nReduce some of the Worcestershire braising liquid to a thick sauce. Serve with Horseradish smashed potatoes, and caramelized mirepoix carrots, onions, celery.nFor a Bunny Chow: Purchase white bread dinner rolls from your local grocery. Cut off a silver dollarsize piece off the top of the roll. Using your finger, gently dig out the bread, making a hole in the bun. Be careful NOT to make a hole in the bottom of the bun so your short ribs dont leak out.nIn a separate pot heat up some of the short ribs and your sauce, make sure that the short ribs break up a bit. Once the short ribs are a yummy gooey consistency spoon some of the mixture into the bun.nPlace some horseradish on top of the mixture and serve., ingredients: [3 onions, sliced, 3 carrots, sliced, 4 stalks celery, sliced, 14 pound 4 ounces anchovies, 8 cloves garlic, 1 jalapeno, 2 ounces ginger, 14 cup peppercorns, 2 tablespoons cloves, 2 quarts balsamic vinegar, 12 cup tamarind paste, 6 tablespoons molasses, 3 quarts demi glace, 10 pounds boneless beef short ribs, Grapeseed oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Worcestershire Braised Short Ribs Bunny Chow, picturelink: null}, 24454: {instructions: Puree all ingredients exept pork tenderlion in a food processor. Place tendorloin in a medium shallow baking dish with the marinade, turn to coat. Let marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Preheat grill. Season pork with salt and pepper to taste and grill for 2 minutes on each side.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste.n, ingredients: [2 cups drained canned tomatoes, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 3 tablespoons pasilla chile powder, 1 canned chipotle, diced, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 14 cup chopped garlic, 14 cup olive oil, 1 12 pound pork tenderloin, cut into 12inch thick slices, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup goodquality mayonnaise, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh sage chiffonade, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tomato, cut into 8 slices, 4 large dinner rolls, Bibb lettuce leaves], title: Pork Adobo Sandwich with Sage Aioli, picturelink: null}, 24455: {instructions: Cut a two inch pocket into the thickest part of each chicken breast. Stuff each pocket with spinach and feta cheese and seal with a tooth pick. Season each breast well with salt and pepper. Heat oil over medium high heat and saute the breasts until golden brown on all sides. Remove chicken to a plate and cover with tin foil. Add onion to remaining oil in pan and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in white wine and bring to a simmer. Stir in tomatoes and basil. Bring to a simmer and return chicken to the pan and cover. Simmer for 10 minutes. Remove lid and season sauce to taste. Serve with butter noodles tossed with parsley., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless breasts of chicken, 2 cloves minced garlic, 34 cup thawed, drained frozen spinach, 14 cup white wine, 4 ounces Feta cheese, cut into 4 pieces, 1 cup drained canned tomatoes, chopped, 3 tablespoons Olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 teaspoon dried basil], title: Mediterranean Chicken, picturelink: null}, 24456: {instructions: Special equipment: an ice cream machinenFor the ice cream: In a medium saucepan, combine the cream, 12 cup of the granulated sugar, and vanilla bean. Bring just to a simmer, stirring occasionally, then remove from the heat.nIn a small bowl, combine the eggs and the remaining 12 cup sugar and beat to a homogeneous consistency.nStrain a third of the cream mixture into the egg mixture, whisk to combine, and then immediately whisk the egg mixture back into the saucepan with the cream. Chill in an ice bath and place in the freezer for 30 minutes.nChurn in an ice cream machine according to the manufacturers instructions.nFor the crust: Combine the butter, flour and salt in a food processor. Pulse until the mixture looks like grated Parmesan. Drizzle in 2 tablespoons of the ice water, and pulse until the mixture forms a rough ball, adding the remaining 2 tablespoons ice water if needed. Remove the dough from the food processor and form into a disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nFor the filling: Melt the butter in a small saucepan and cook it until it starts to brown and begins to smell like hazelnuts. Transfer to the bowl of a stand mixer equipped with a paddle. Add the sugar and beat on medium speed.nGradually add the flour. Once the flour has combined, add the eggs, one at a time. Beat in the vanilla bean seeds.nTo assemble: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nDust a clean work surface with flour. Roll out the dough to a 18inch thickness, and cut into 4 rounds. Lay the rounds in four 4inch ring molds, leaving lots of overhang on the sides. Schmear the filling into the bottom of the ring molds, and top with the cherries. Fold the overhanging dough over the cherries. Brush the dough with the egg wash. Bake until golden brown and crispy on top, 45 to 50 minutes.nFor the caramel: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, lemon juice and 2 tablespoons water. Bring the pan to mediumhigh heat while doing so, be careful not to swish the pan aroundit could cause the sugar to recrystallize. As the sugar mixture boils, the water will eventually evaporate and the sugar will begin to turn brown, or caramelize. Pay close attention Things can take a terrible turn for the worse here, and there will be no recovery. As the sugar turns gold, followed by light brown, and then a pale shade of darker brown, remove it from the heat and add the heavy cream. Be careful when you do thisit will bubble up like crazy, and getting it on you could cause a severe burn Be sure to have a saucepan large enough to accommodate the bubbling up. Whisk until things settle down, then add the butter, 2 pats at a time, whisking until completely incorporated before adding more butter.nSpread some of the caramel onto four serving plates. Unmold the crostatas and set them on top of the caramel. Top with a scoop of ice cream., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split, 6 eggs, Pinch salt, 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into peasize pieces, 1 cup flour, Pinch kosher salt, 14 cup ice water, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup flour, 3 eggs, plus 1 egg, beaten with 1 tablespoon water, 1 vanilla bean, split, seeds scraped, 2 cups pitted cherries, 12 cup sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into 4 pats], title: Cherry Brown Butter Crostata with Vanilla Ice Cream and Caramel Sauce, picturelink: 8HUH4rqQj6vMMlGZBm.ROzTGIaYASh2}, 24457: {instructions: Heat the canola oil in a heavybottomed stockpot over mediumhigh heat.nAdd the onions and garlic and cook until translucent. Stir in the cumin and anise, then add the chicken stock and chicken.nSimmer until the chicken is cooked through. Remove the chicken to a cutting board and let cool.nAdd the potatoes and hominy and simmer until the potatoes are tender.nShred the cooled chicken.nCombine the poblanos, jalapenos, chiles de arbol, tomatillos, cilantro, romaine, oregano, garlic, salt and pepper, to taste, in a blender. Blend on high until all of the ingredients are well combined.nAdd the blended mixture to the stockpot along with the shredded chicken and cook for about 5 to 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nLadle the posole into shallow bowls and garnish each serving with slices of avocado, thinly sliced radish, queso fresco, and chopped cilantro., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 white onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon toasted cumin seeds, ground, 12 teaspoon toasted anise seeds, ground, 9 cups chicken stock, 5 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 4 Yukon gold potatoes, diced, 3 15ounce cans white hominy, 2 roasted, peeled and seeded poblano peppers, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 5 chiles de arbol, seeded, 34 pound tomatillos, husked and quartered, 12 bunch chopped cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 4 leaves romaine lettuce, 12 tablespoon Mexican dried oregano, 12 tablespoon chopped garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sliced avocado, for garnish, Sliced radishes, for garnish, Queso fresco, for garnish], title: Posole Verde, picturelink: null}, 24458: {instructions: Prepare ice bath in large bowl. Juice 1 lemon reserve juice. Juice additional lemons to yield 1 cup. Make lemon curd: Place 1 cup lemon juice, sugar, egg yolks, whole eggs, and butter in saucepan whisk to combine. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly until it begins to boil, about 7 minutes.nStrain curd through fine mesh strainer into a bowl set in an ice bath. Stir periodically until cool remove from ice bath. Place plastic wrap directly on surface of curd refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 3 days.nPlace 1 12 cups chilled heavy cream in large mixing bowl whisk until soft peaks form. Reserve 12 cup lemon curd for sauce add remaining lemon curd to whipped cream. Fold gently until well combined.nPlace an 8inch nonstick springform pan on baking sheet. Transfer mousse to springform pan. Place in freezer on baking sheet until firm, at least 4 hours.nDrain candied lemon zest reserve syrup. Whisk 13 cup syrup, reserved 12 cup lemon curd, and juice of 1 lemon in a small bowl. Remove frozen mousse from freezer and let warm 4 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk creme fraiche and remaining 2 tablespoons cream in medium bowl until soft peaks form. Remove sides of springform pan. Slice mousse and place on plates. Spoon lemon sauce around mousse top with creme fraiche. Garnish with candied zest serve.nCandied Lemon Zest:n4 lemons, well scrubbedn2 cups sugarn1 cup cool waternRemove zest from lemons with a vegetable peeler, keeping pieces long. Remove white pith using a paring knife. Cut into fine julienne using a very sharp knife. Place julienned zest in a small bowl cover with boiling water. Let stand 30 minutes drain.nBring sugar and the cool water to a boil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When sugar is completely dissolved, add julienned zest, reduce heat to mediumlow, and cook 10 minutes. Remove from heat, cover, and let stand overnight. Store zest in syrup in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [8 to 10 lemons, 2 cups sugar, 8 large egg yolks, plus 2 whole eggs, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, chilled, Candied Lemon Zest, recipe follows, 1 container 8ounces creme fraiche], title: Frozen Lemon Mousse, picturelink: null}, 24459: {instructions: For Brownies:nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a 2 24count mini muffin tins with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a double boiler melt the chocolate with the butter and espresso powder until smooth.nIn a large bowl whisk together the flour, 12 teaspoon of salt, and the spices. In another small bowl whisk together the eggs, egg yolks and vanilla. Set both aside.nRemove the pot of chocolate from the double boiler. Stir in the sugars until completely incorporated. At this point the chocolate should be warm but not hot. Add the egg mixture and stir until combined. Fold in the flour mixture in 2 stages, being careful not to over mix. Using a small ice cream scoop divide the batter into the mini muffin tins. Tap gently to level batter. Sprinkle each with a bit of sea salt.nBake for about 15 minutes until mostly set. A tester will not come out completely clean. Remove the pan from the oven and transfer the brownies to a serving platter when cool enough to handle., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 1 tablespoon flake sea salt, for sprinkling, 2 teaspoons ancho chili powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 3 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup light brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar], title: Brians Fudgy Gooey Brownies, picturelink: null}, 24460: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees FnCut off the top of the garlic head and discard. Put the garlic on a square of aluminum foil and drizzle with the olive oil. Wrap the foil around the garlic, put in the oven and roast for 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool to room temperature. Once cooled, remove the garlic from the foil and squeeze the garlic head, cut side down, over a small bowl until all of the roasted garlic cloves pop out. Mash the pulp with a fork and set aside.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat melt the butter and cook until it begins to foam, turn light brown and acquire a nutty aroma. Turn the heat to low, add the shallots, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the green beans, roasted garlic, and almonds, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the beans to a serving bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 head garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 pounds green beans, cleaned and blanched, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Brown Butter Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 24461: {instructions: Preheat your toaster oven to 400 degrees F or high.nPlace turkey in a bowl and season with chili powder. Add shredded cabbage, chipotles in adobo, tomato sauce, scallions. Toss filling to combine and season with salt and pepper. Place tortillas in a kitchen towel and set in microwave. Microwave on high for 1 minute. To build, place a generous handful of cheese near one edge of the tortilla. Pile 14 of your filling in the tortilla. Tuck sides up and roll tortilla tightly. Repeat to make 4 large stuffed tortilla wraps. Brush the toaster oven baking tray with vegetable or olive oil. Brush the wraps with oil and bake until deep golden all over, 15 to 17 minutes. Top with sour cream, cilantro or parsley and chopped orange or yellow tomato, as garnishes., ingredients: [1 pound thickly sliced smoked turkey from deli counter, chopped, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 cups shredded slaw cabbage, available in produce department, 1 to 2 chipotles in adobo sauce, available with Mexican and Spanish foods in market  use 1 for moderate heat, 2 for extra hot chimichangas, 1 cup tomato sauce, 3 scallions, chopped, Salt and pepper, 4 12inch flour tortillas, 1 12 cups, 6 ounces, shredded sharp cheddar, smoked white cheddar or Pepper Jack cheese, 2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves or flatleaf parsley, 1 vine ripe orange or yellow tomato, seeded and finely chopped], title: Smoked Turkey Baked Chimichangas, picturelink: C2FWllY04WpBLdOZ23ACSHzUNkdNG3O}, 24462: {instructions: This recipe has a unique flavor to it after we had a bumper crop of Bing cherries from our tree. Enjoy itnSimmer all of the above ingredients on medium heat for 30 minutes.nThen put in an ovenproof baking dish and bake in 375 degree oven for 1 hour till thick and rich.nUse for coating meat, fish or poultry., ingredients: [5 cups finely chopped, pitted Bing cherries, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup dark molasses, 12 cup paprika, 13 cup garlic salt, 2 tablespoons onion salt, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon cumin, 12 cup apple juice, 12 cup grape juice, 14 cup honey], title: Bing Bang Best BarBQue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24463: {instructions: Wash the rice until the water rinses clear. Drain the rice in a colander and let it stand for 30 minutes. Place the rice in a pot or rice cooker, and add 4 cups of water or follow the instructions on a rice cooker. Bring the water to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cover the pot. Cook for 15 minutes. Remove the cover, place a damp towel over the rice, and let cool for 10 minutes.nYou can find sushi vinegar prepared at a grocery story or you can easily make it by pouring the vinegar, sugar and salt into a pan under low heat until the sugar and salt are dissolved. If you like sweeter vinegar, just add more sugar.nPour sushi vinegar over cooked rice and mix it gently. You can do this in a wooden bowl for making sushi rice or in your rice cooker by turning off the cooker and pouring the vinegar and mixing gently and evenly and leaving it until it cools down to room temperature. The lid should remain open.nCover a makisu sushi rolling mat with plastic wrap. Place half of a sheet of the seaweed over the plastic on the mat. Place a handful of rice across the seaweed and spread it evenly over the seaweed. Toss the imitation crab with the mayonnaise in a small bowl. Place some of the imitation crab meat meat along the center of the rice. Add some cucumber and avocado along the center of the rice. Using the mat and plastic wrap, roll the rice around the filling and press lightly to seal. Remove the mat and plastic wrap and sprinkle the roll with sesame seeds. Cut the sushi roll into bite sized pieces. Repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [3 13 cups rice, 5 13 tablespoons vinegar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons salt, 10 sheets seaweed, halved, 12 pound imitation crab, cut into long, thin pieces, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded, and julienne, 1 avocado, peeled, seeded, and cut into long, thin pieces, Sesame seeds], title: California Rolls, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 24464: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd hot dogs to cold salted water and bring them up to a boil. Turn them off and keep them warm in the hot water. Serve warm.nFor an added kick of flavor try splitting the boiled dogs almost all the way in half. Open them up and add to a hot pan which a little olive oil has been added. Cook over medium heat until brown on both sides., ingredients: [4 good quality beef hot dogs, Olive oil, Sea salt], title: Best Hot Dogs, picturelink: OdI6RLeqGADrrtXAf68yLQs1puttZii}, 24465: {instructions: Place the butter, cheese, salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper and garlic in a processor. Process until well blended, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally. Add the cilantro and green onions. Process with onoff turns until just combined do not puree the cilantro or onion.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the bread crosswise into as many slices as needed, each should be 12inch thick and 7 to 8 inches long. Arrange the bread slices directly on the oven rack. Bake until the slices are crusty outside but still soft inside, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the bread to a large rimmed baking sheet. Spread 1 tablespoon of the seasoned butter on each slice. Bake the toasts until very hot and crisp, 10 to 12 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick chilled unsalted butter, diced, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Large pinch cayenne pepper, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 12 cup packed chopped fresh cilantro, 1 green onion, chopped, 1 pain rustique loaf of bread], title: Giant GarlicCilantro Toasts, picturelink: null}, 24466: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the shrimp on a large disposable pie pan or paper plate and pat them completely dry with a paper towel. Arrange the shrimp so they lay flat and are evenly spaced.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Add the butter to the skillet. When the foaming subsides, raise the heat to high and invert the plate of shrimp over the skillet so the shrimp fall into the pan all at once. Cook the shrimp, without moving them, for 1 minute. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Turn the shrimp over and cook for 2 minutes more. Transfer the shrimp to a bowl.nReturn the skillet to the heat and pour in the vermouth and lemon juice. Boil the liquid until slightly thickened, about 30 seconds. Scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir the lemon zest and parsley into the sauce. Pour the sauce over the shrimp, season with salt and pepper to taste and toss to combine.nDivide the shrimp among plates or arrange on a platter and serve., ingredients: [1 pound jumbo shrimp, shelled and deveined, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 14 cup dry white vermouth, 14 teaspoon grated lemon zest plus 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Shrimp Scampi, picturelink: nJMBxdhbudB7hbplTm.adMtmJoub1KS}, 24467: {instructions: A little Caesar salad and sliced tomato turn this veggie patty into a flavorful feast.n1. Cook veggie burger according to package directions.n2. Meanwhile, in a small bowl toss together lettuce, salad dressing and Parmesan cheese.n3. Top roll bottom with lettuce mixture, veggie burger, tomato slice and roll top., ingredients: [1 Morningstar Farmsu00ae Garden Veggie Pattiesu2122 Veggie Burger, 34 cup torn romaine lettuce, 2 teaspoons reducedfat Caesar salad dressing, 2 teaspoons finely shredded Parmesan cheese, 1 Kaiser roll or hamburger bun, split and toasted about 1 12 oz., 1 thin slice tomato], title: Veggie Caesar Burger, picturelink: M4iLvTTUvsmE8Rtn7O00SjGv12iXwQS}, 24468: {instructions: 3 Days Ahead: Make  freeze the gnocchin1 Day Ahead: Marinate the lambnOn the Day: Bake the tomatoesnRoast the lambnCook the gnocchi, ingredients: [], title: Gameplan: Chefs Cook at Home, picturelink: null}, 24469: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray an 8by8inch baking pan with nonstick spray. In a large bowl, whisk together 13 cup water and the oil, egg and espresso powder. Add the brownie mix and stir until well blended. Stir in the peanut butter chips. Transfer the batter to the prepared baking pan. Sprinkle the salt evenly over the top. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the brownies comes out with a few moist crumbs attached, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool completely before cutting into squares. Arrange the brownies on a platter and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons espresso powder, One 17.6ounce box brownie mix, such as Duncan Hines, 34 cup peanut butter chips, 14 teaspoon coarse flake salt], title: Peanut Butter Espresso Brownies, picturelink: .fjB1JjlIluM8CIgHYEFXnUJ6Adbze}, 24470: {instructions: Fill a bowl with ice water. Cook the green beans in salted boiling water until tender but still bright green, about 5 minutes, then drain and chill in the ice water to stop the cooking. Remove from the ice water and pat dry.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the hazelnut oil, vinegar and honey, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Add the green beans to the bowl with the dressing and toss to coat, adding more salt and pepper if needed. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter and top with the toasted nuts and lemon zest., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup hazelnut oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 cup chopped and toasted hazelnuts, Lemon zest, for garnish], title: My Aunts Green Beans, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 24471: {instructions: For the dough: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles yellow cornmeal mixed with peasized bits of butter. Add the egg mixture and pulse until the dough just comes together. If the dough is very dry, add up to 1 extra tablespoon cold water. Remove the dough, gently pat it into a round, wrap it in plastic wrap and refrigerate until thoroughly chilled, at least 1 hour and up to 2 days.nFor the filling: Meanwhile, put the lemon juice in a medium bowl. Peel and core the apples cut each in half, and cut each half into 4 wedges. Add the apples and brown sugar to the bowl with the lemon juice, and toss.nMelt the butter over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. Add the sugared apples and cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves and the mixture begins to simmer, about 2 minutes. Cover, reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the apples soften and release most of their juices, about 7 minutes.nStrain the apples in a colander set over a medium bowl to catch all the juices. Shake the colander to extract as much liquid as possible. Return the juice to the skillet and simmer over medium heat until it has thickened and lightly caramelized, about 10 minutes.nToss the apples with the thickened juice, cinnamon, salt, cloves, ginger and nutmeg in a medium bowl. Set aside to cool completely. The cooled filling can be refrigerated for up to 2 days or frozen for up to 6 months.nFor the streusel topping: Whisk the flour, sugar and salt together in a medium bowl. Add the butter and rub it into the flour mixture with your fingers until it has been absorbed. Mix in the almonds.nTo assemble and bake the pie: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and place a baking sheet on it. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. On a lightly floured work surface, roll the dough into a 12inch circle. Layer it between pieces of parchment or wax paper on a baking sheet, and refrigerate for at least 10 minutes.nEase the dough round into a 9inch pie pan. Fold and crimp the edges as desired. Add the filling, and spread it out to make an even layer. Squeeze handfuls of the streusel topping, and drop clumps of it on top of the filling to completely cover it.nBake the pie on the preheated baking sheet until the crust and streusel are golden brown, about 1 hour. Let it cool on a cooling rack for at least 3 hours before serving. The pie keeps well, covered, at room temperature for 24 hours or refrigerated for up to 4 days., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting see Cooks Note, 4 teaspoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, 1 large egg, lightly beaten with 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 pounds baking apples, such as Golden Delicious, Cortland or Mutsu, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup sliced almonds], title: Apple Crumble Pie, picturelink: null}, 24472: {instructions: Layer the potatoes, carrots, onions, celery and thyme in the insert of a 6quart slow cooker. Put the brisket on top of the vegetables and add the beer and pickling spice. Add enough water to just cover the brisket. Cover and cook on low until the meat and vegetables are tender, about 8 hours.nArrange the cabbage over the brisket its OK if the cooker seems crowded, cover and cook until soft and wilted, 45 minutes to 1 hour more.nWhisk together the sour cream, horseradish and mustard in a small bowl.nRemove the cabbage and toss with 1 tablespoon of the butter and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Remove the meat and let rest. Strain the remaining vegetables reserve some of the cooking broth to serve on the side if you like and toss with the parsley, the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and salt and pepper to taste.nSlice the corned beef against the grain and serve with the vegetables, horseradish sauce and broth if using., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small redskin potatoes, halved, 4 carrots, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 large onion, cut into 12inch wedges, 2 stalks celery, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 or 3 sprigs fresh thyme, One 4pound piece corned beef brisket, rinsed, 12 ounces stout beer, 2 tablespoons pickling spice, 12 small head green cabbage, core intact and cut into thick wedges, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup loosely packed parsley leaves, chopped], title: Slow Cooker Corned Beef and Cabbage, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 24473: {instructions: Spread each tortilla with goat cheese and divide the seafood, cheese, cilantro and red bell pepper evenly among the tortillas. Fold each tortilla over to close.nOn a griddle or in a large skillet over medium heat, brush olive oil. Cook tortillas in batches until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Serve on romaine leaves with other garnishes in bowls., ingredients: [8 10inch flour tortillas, 8 ounces goat cheese, softened, 1 pound grilled salmon, flaked into small chunks, 8 ounces Dungeness crabmeat, picked over, 8 ounces cooked bay shrimp, 6 ounces shredded Cheddar, 2 tablespoons minced cilantro leaves, 1 cup julienned red bell pepper, Olive oil, for brushing, 16 romaine lettuce leaves, 2 cups minced red onion, 2 cups chopped tomatoes, Lemon wedges, Sour cream, Guacamole, Salsa verde], title: Oregon Wild Fish Tacos, picturelink: null}, 24474: {instructions: Add the apple cider, Calvados, agave, lemon juice and ground cinnamon to a shaker. Add large ice, shake vigorously, strain into a shot glass and garnish with the cinnamon stick.nStir with the cinnamon stick and sip or shoot the shot., ingredients: [1 ounce apple cider, 1 ounce Calvados or aged rum, such as Zacapa 23, 14 ounce agave nectar, 14 ounce lemon juice, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 small cinnamon stick], title: Sliced Pie Cocktail, picturelink: bzXhIdsSjbXmP.s.Cn4DnHGfhqGgRe}, 24475: {instructions: To make the sauce: Combine dressing, sugar, and vinegar in a small bowl. Mix well. Stir in minced onion and set aside. Bring a large skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat on the stove. Place mushroom caps side by side in the skillet, rounded sides down. Cover and cook until soft, about 4 minutes per side.nPlace one bun bottom on a plate, and spread with half of the sauce. Top with half of the lettuce 2 tablespoons, followed by the cheese slice. Place one cooked mushroom cap on top, and sprinkle with half of the diced onion 12 tablespoon.nSpread the remaining half of the sauce on the other bun bottom, and place it on the sandwich, sauce side up. Top with pickle chips and the remaining 2 tablespoons of lettuce. Top with the remaining mushroom cap and remaining 12 tablespoon of onion.nAdd the bun top and open wide, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons fatfree Thousand Island dressing, 18 teaspoon granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon finely minced onion or 12 teaspoon dried minced onion, 2 portobello mushroom caps, 1 12 small light hamburger buns 1 top and 2 bottoms, 14 cup shredded lettuce, divided, 1 slice fatfree American cheese, 1 tablespoon diced onion, divided, 3 hamburger dill pickle chips], title: Hungry Mac Bello Stack Burger, picturelink: null}, 24476: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDrizzle the olive oil over the salmon fillets and season with some sea salt and white pepper. Set aside.nFill a highsided large skillet onethird of the way up with water. Add the wine and lemon halves. Bring to a low simmer, add the salmon and let cook until firm to the touch, 5 to 7 minutes for medium. For welldone salmon, cook for 10 minutes.nServe garnished with the lemon wedges and parsley., ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, Four 4 to 6ounce fillets salmon, Sea salt and white pepper, 2 lemons, 1 halved and 1 cut into wedges, 1 bottle dry white wine, such as pinot grigio, Fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Traditional Poached Salmon, picturelink: vBWs0puFCgGEyAnZAtcMAD.gtUBC7XS}, 24477: {instructions: Soak the beans overnight in a large bowl filled with water.nSoooooooooooo...if you didnt think yesterday to soak your beans you can do the quick soak method. Put the beans in a large pot and cover with at least 2 inches of water. Bring the beans to a boil over medium heat. Turn the heat off and let the pot sit until the water cools down, then proceed as if you had soaked the beans overnight.nStrain the beans from the soaking water. Put the beans in a large pot and cover generously with water. Add the onions, carrot, celery, garlic, thyme, bay and slab bacon Bring the pot to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat and simmer until all the beans are soft, about 1 hour. Add more water if it reduces too much. Test the beans for doneness by doing the 5 bean test. Bite into 5 beans, if they are all soft then they are done. Beans do not all cook at the same rate so the 5 bean test is important.nWhen the beans pass the 5 bean test, remove the pot from the heat. Season the water generously with salt and let sit for 15 minutes. If using the beans right away, go ahead. If not using the beans right away, store them covered, in the refrigerator in their liquid.nBeans, beans the musical fruit..., ingredients: [1 pound dried cannellini beans, 1 rib celery, broken in 12, 1 large or two small carrots, peeled and broken in 12, 1 large onions, skin removed, hairy end left on, cut in 12, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 bundle thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 piece slab bacon or prosciutto skin, or a couple slices of bacon, Kosher salt], title: Cannellini Beans, picturelink: 3yZdy2UDfcTjZfm6Rj1Ppcz9YVVUjaC}, 24478: {instructions: Slice two bulbs of fennel as thinly as you can use a mandoline if you have one and toss with red onion slices and some of the fennel fronds. Add kosher salt, lemon juice and extravirgin olive oil to taste and toss.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: Fennel Salad, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 24479: {instructions: Place figs, rice, soy milk, cinnamon, ice and molasses in a blender. Blend until smooth. Pour into a glass and garnish with whole strawberry., ingredients: [1ounce dried figs, 1ounce cooked Japanese rice, 6 ounces soy milk, 1 pinch cinnamon, 1 ounce ice, 1 teaspoon molasses, 1 California Strawberry], title: Fig and Rice Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 24480: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nI love using the heat of the grill to open shellfish. I think they come out as juicy as if they were roasted in the oven. The flavors of garlic, parsley and mint make this a great opener to a meal or a nice side dish or nibble. The crunch of the bread crumbs is also a great texture contrast to the mussels and the flavors evoke the natural sweetness of the mussels.nPreheat the grill or grill pan to medium.nHeat a large skillet over low heat and add the olive oil. When the oil is warm add the garlic. Stir the garlic with a wooden spoon and season with salt, to taste. Give the garlic a minute to melt into the oil but do not let it brown. Stir in the bread crumbs, parsley and mint. Taste for seasoning, Set aside.nWhen the grill is hot, scatter the mussels on the grill in a single layer. Have a pair of tongs and a large platter ready. As the mussels open, use the tongs to remove them from the grill onto a platter. When they are all opened, squeeze the juice from the lemons over them and spoon the bread crumb mixture into the shells. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and pressed, Kosher salt, 1 cup bread crumbs, toasted golden brown, 1 cup washed, dried and coarsely chopped parsley leaves, 2 sprigs mint, washed, dried, and leaves coarsely chopped, 3 dozen mussels, scrubbed, beards removed, 1 or 2 lemons, halved], title: Grilled Mussels with Herbed Bread Crumbs, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 24481: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13by9inch metal baking pan with nonstick spray. Line the bottom with parchment paper.nWhisk together the allpurpose flour, pastry flour, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda, allspice, ginger and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl.nIn a large mixing bowl, add the eggs, egg white, brown sugar and granulated sugar and beat until light and creamy, about 3 minutes. Add the pineapple and vegetable oil and mix until thoroughly incorporated into the batter, about another minute.nAdd the dry ingredients in thirds and mix until combined, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the carrots and mix until just combined.nPour the batter into the prepared baking pan and bake for 35 minutes. Let the cake cool completely before flipping out of the pan and removing the parchment paper. Top with the cream cheese frosting.nBeat the cream cheese, powdered sugar and lemon zest together until light and fluffy. Frost the carrot cake., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups whole wheat pastry flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Fine salt, 2 large eggs, 1 egg white, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup canned crushed pineapple in fruit juice, 12 cup vegetable oil, 5 medium carrots, peeled and grated about 3 cups, Light Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, 8 ounces reducedfat cream cheese, at room temperature, 34 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon zest], title: Light Carrot Cake, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 24482: {instructions: Peel off any wilted or discolored leaves from the outside of the lettuce. Trim the core even with the bottom of the lettuce and cut the lettuce into quarters through the core. If the quarters look too big for a single serving, either cut them in half or trim them to whatever size you feel is a good serving.nCombine the sour cream, yogurt, mayonnaise, garlic, vinegar, and chives in a bowl until well mixed. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nTo serve, set the wedge of iceberg in the center of a salad plate, spoon the dressing over and dash it with a good pinch of chives., ingredients: [1 small head iceberg lettuce, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup plain yogurt, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 clove garlic, pressed through garlic press or finely minced, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Hearts of Iceberg Lettuce with Ranch Dressing, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 24483: {instructions: In a small saucepan cook the scallion in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the bulgur and lemon rind, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the broth, bring it to a boil, and simmer the mixture, covered, for 10 minutes, or until all the liquid is absorbed. Fluff the bulgur with a fork, stir in the snipped chives, and let the mixture stand, covered, off the heat for 5 minutes. Season the bulgur with salt and pepper and pack it into 4 buttered 12cup timbale molds. Invert the bulgur timbales onto individual serving dishes and garnish each timbale with a halved lemon slice and a few chive blades if desired., ingredients: [14 cup thinly sliced white part of scallion, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup bulgur, 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon rind, 1 12 cups canned chicken broth, Salt and pepper, 14 cup snipped fresh chives plus chive blades for garnish, if desired, 2 decoratively cut lemon slices, halved for garnish, if desired], title: Lemon Bulgur Timbales with Chives, picturelink: null}, 24484: {instructions: Using a sharp knife, pierce each quail through the breastbone, and flatten out the bird with the palm of your hand. Score down both sides of the spine and remove the backbone.nAdd the sesame seeds, cumin and 2 teaspoons sea salt to a small frying pan over medium heat. Toast the spiced salt mixture, stirring frequently, until the sesame seeds are fragrant, about 1 to 2 minutes.nPreheat a barbecue grill plate to high heat.nBrush each quail evenly with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the quail, skin side down, until the outside is crisp and the interior is cooked through, about 5 minutes per side. Sprinkle each quail with a dash of the spiced salt and a squeeze of lemon juice., ingredients: [6 5 to 7ounce quails, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons sea salt, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Freshly cracked black pepper, Lemon wedges], title: Barbecued Quail with Spiced Salt and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 24485: {instructions: Clean spinach in several changes of cold water and drain well. If using water spinach, trim and discard the bottom 2 inches of the woody ends. Cut remaining stems into 2 inch lengths and place in a bowl. Cut leafy top portions into 2 inch lengths and place in another bowl. If using regular spinach, trim and discard stems. Set aside.nCombine fish sauce, bean sauce, and palm sugar in a small bowl and set aside.nHeat oil in a wok, swirling to coat the surface, add the garlic and stirfry for 10 seconds. Add the spinach stems, if using water spinach, toss to combine with the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add reserved fish sauce mixture, toss to combine with the garlic, and add leafy portions of water spinach, or all of regular spinach. Toss spinach quickly until it begins to wilt, then transfer to a serving platter. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 bunch water spinach, or 2 bunches regular spinach, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon brown bean sauce, 1 tablespoon palm sugar or brown sugar, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic], title: Water Spinach, picturelink: null}, 24486: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk all ingredients together in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nStir spices together in a medium bowl.nAbout 12 hour before cooking time, soak hickory chips in enough water to cover. Drain chips. In a covered grill, place slow burning charcoal in both sides of a drip pan. Sprinkle coals with wood chips.nRub top side of each rack of ribs with about 3 tablespoons of the rub. Place ribs, bone side down, on grill. Close cover or place cover on the smoker. Grill about 1 12 hours, adding chips every 20 minutes. During the last 10 minutes of grilling, brush liberally with the MapleHorseradish Glaze., ingredients: [2 cups pure maple syrup, 12 cup prepared horseradish, drained, 2 heaping tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup Spanish paprika, 3 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 3 tablespoons New Mexican chili powder, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 3 cups wood chips hickory, mesquite, or applewood, 4 racks pork ribs 3 pounds each], title: Spice Rubbed Smoked Ribs with MapleHorseradish Baste, picturelink: rpze8kq1DBmc8HiSQc0sRU0EbDm8G}, 24487: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 12to2inch wide by 2inch deep ring mold and 4inch wooden skewersnFor the ham salad: Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nGrill the pineapple slices so there are hatch marks on each side. Transfer the pineapple to a parchmentlined baking sheet and place in the fridge to cool.nIn a food processor, pulse the ham until coarsely chopped and transfer to a medium bowl. Chop the green olives in the food processor until coarsely chopped. Transfer the olives to the ham and add the mayo, freezedried pineapple, ginger and lemon zest. Taste and season with salt and pepper.nFor the spicy pickle cherry salad: In a medium saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat and add the onions. Saute until slightly translucent. Add the vinegar, salt, cayenne, pepper flakes and garlic and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat and add the green beans, minced maraschino cherries and a pinch of black pepper. Let steep for 5 minutes, and then let cool.nFill a deep skillet 14inch deep with oil and heat over medium heat to 350 degrees F. Fry the ham slices until they become slightly browned and starts to curl up at the edges, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nAssemble the skewers with pieces of ham, dried pineapple rings and 3 whole cherries.nCut the grilled pineapple ring using the ring mold. Place the pineapple in the bottom of the mold and top with ham salad to fill halfway. Layer the spicy pickle cherry salad on the ham salad. Remove the mold and top with a skewer., ingredients: [4 12inchthick slices pineapple, cored, 4 ounces country ham, diced, 9 green olives stuffed with pimentos, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 tablespoon minced freezedried pineapples, 14 tablespoon ground ginger, 14 tablespoon lemon zest, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 small white onion, thinly sliced, 3 cups white vinegar, 14 cup salt, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic, minced, 20 green beans, 9 maraschino cherries, minced, Ground black pepper, Olive oil, for frying, 2 slices maplecured ham, cut on the diagonal to create a triangleesque shape, 4 dried pineapple rings, 12 whole maraschino cherries], title: Hats Off to Ham, picturelink: U3oKK24QGE5z6L2yvvBjxxvTPXQmosi}, 24488: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nMix the flour, sugar, baking soda and salt with an electric mixer in a medium bowl. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, scraping down the bowl after each addition. Add the extract, orange zest and almonds, mixing to make a somewhat sticky dough.nTurn the dough out onto a floured board and knead just until it comes together. Halve the dough and shape into 2 logs, approximately 12 by 2 inches. Transfer the logs the prepared pan, spacing them about 3 inches apart. Brush the dough all over with the beaten egg and sprinkle with sanding sugar, if desired. Bake until they are firm and golden in color, about 45 minutes. Transfer the logs with a metal spatula to a cutting board and cool for a few minutes.nCut the logs with a serrated knife on an angle into 12inch slices. Lay them cut side down on the pan. Return to the oven and bake until golden brown on 1 side, about 10 minutes. Remove from oven, flip biscotti and continue to bake until golden, about 10 minutes more. Transfer to a rack to cool.nStore biscotti for up to 2 weeks in an airtight container.nCooks Note: These biscotti are traditional and very crunchy. They are made for dunking.nTip: Serve with Kahlua Eggnog., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for work surface, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 large eggs, plus 1 egg, beaten, for egg wash, Zest of 1 orange, peeled with a vegetable peeler, no pith, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup chopped dry roasted unsalted almonds, Sanding sugar, optional], title: Orange Almond Biscotti, picturelink: null}, 24489: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine the crumbled bread with the milk, stir to mix and let stand for 1 hour. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. and place a 2 quart baking dish in it to heat up. In a small saucepan over medium high heat, combine 1 cup of the sugar, the butter, and water. Stir together until the mixture begins to bubble and turn a caramel brown color, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the baking dish from the oven and pour the caramel into it, swirling to coat the bottom and up the sides of the dish evenly. Set aside to cool.nTurn the oven up to 325 degrees F. In another mixing bowl, beat together the eggs, remaining 1 12 cups sugar, and the vanilla until well blended. Stir the egg mixture into the bread and milk mixture, then stir in the oranges, almonds, and raisins. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish and bake on the middle rack of the oven for 1 12 hours. Cool slightly and serve warm, or cover with plastic wrap after cool and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 3 hours before serving., ingredients: [34 loaf stale white country bread, with the crusts about 4 cups, crumbled, 4 cups milk, 2 12 cups sugar, 1 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons water, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons vanilla, 1 peeled orange, cut into supremes and halved crosswise, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted and coarsely chopped, 14 cup raisins, coarsely chopped], title: Diplomatic Pudding, picturelink: null}, 24490: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add the leek, chopped carrot and fennel and season with 12 teaspoon salt and the pepper flakes. Saute slowly until the vegetables are very soft but not browned, about 3 minutes.nAdd the white beans and farro and toast for a minute or two, then add the tomatoes with their juices and the chicken stock, thyme, parmesan rind and 4 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a steady simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, about 1 12 hours, or until the beans are tender but not mushy they should be firm and separate. Season with salt.nAdd the kielbasa, kale and sliced carrot. Cook until the kale and carrot are tender, about 15 minutes. Remove and discard the thyme sprigs and parmesan rind. Serve with a drizzle of olive oil, a sprinkle of grated parmesan and a squeeze of lemon, if you like.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 leek, white and tender green parts only, finely chopped, 2 carrots, 1 finely chopped, 1 sliced, 12 fennel bulb, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 34 cup dried small white beans, such as navy, 12 to 34 cup farro, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 quarts chicken stock homemade or lowsodium, 2 to 3 sprigs thyme, 1 2inch piece parmesan cheese rind, 13 ounces turkey or Polska kielbasa, cut into halfmoons, 4 to 5 large leaves Tuscan kale, ribs removed, chopped about 2 cups, Grated parmesan cheese and fresh lemon juice, for serving optional], title: Giadas House Soup, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 24491: {instructions: Combine orange juice, vinegar and shallots in bowl youll be serving slaw in. Add good pinch of salt. Let stand 5 to 20 minutes, as long as you can. Whisk in sesame oil, ginger and mustard. Taste and adjust seasonings. Add broccoli slaw to bowl, toss to combine. Taste once more. Serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup orange juice, about 12 an orange, 13 cup rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons minced shallot, Coarse salt, 1 tablespoon dark sesame oil, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 1 teaspoon Colemans mustard, 1 10 ounce bag broccoli slaw], title: Broccoli Slaw, picturelink: null}, 24492: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nTo make the frangipane, place the almonds and the sugar in a food processor and grind until sandy. Add the butter and continue mixing then add the egg, vanilla, and the flour and mix until smooth.nTo make the tart, on a floured work surface pass your rolling pin over the pastry just to flatten any ridges.nPlace it on a parchment paper lined sheet pan and cut out a 9inch disk. Spread the almond frangipane in the center of the tart leaving a 1inch border. Firmly place the apricot halves into the frangipane spacing them evenly around the tart. Dot the spaces between the apricots with the whole almonds.nBake until golden brown on the top and puffy, about 30 to 40 minutes. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 23 cup slivered almonds, slightly toasted, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 eggs, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 12 tablespoons flour, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, 6 fresh or canned apricot halves, pits removed, 14 cup whole almonds, skin on, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Almond Apricot Tart, picturelink: X.GpZmroQ5HdRfz3jeRyzIbh.vUuiC}, 24493: {instructions: Combine lemon juice, garlic, basil in food processor or blender, process and stream in extravirgin olive oil to form a smooth dressing. Combine tomatoes, cheese and dressing in a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with a few torn basil leaves., ingredients: [1 lemon, juiced, 1 small clove garlic, grated or minced, 1 cup basil leaves, about 20 leaves, plus a few for garnish, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pint heirloom cherry tomatoes, multi colored if available, halved, 1 cup bocconcini bitesized fresh mozzarella balls, drained, halved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mini Caprese Salad, picturelink: 8PL9UXsSBb695HYLH7yNvMDh4iVgP6W}, 24494: {instructions: Turn on the blender and while its running, add one at a time through the feed tube, the vinegar, fresh ginger, garlic, parsley and mayonnaise, and blend together until a smooth paste has formed. With the power still on, pour the olive oil in a thin stream through the blender feed opening. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper,nToss together apples, cabbage and onion, and stir in enough of the dressing to coat. Gently fold in most of tomato wedges, reserving some for garnish. Taste and adjust seasoning salt and pepper if necessary. Serve chilled, garnished with reserved tomato wedges, and with the remaining dressing on the side., ingredients: [14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons peeled, finely minced fresh ginger root about 1ounce, a 1 to 1 12inch piece, 1 clove garlic, gently crushed with the blade of a knife and quartered, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, cut julienne and tossed with lemon juice to prevent discoloring, 1 head cabbage, core removed and sliced chiffonnade or shredded, 1 medium red onion, finely sliced, 2 ripe tomatoes, cut into wedges, or 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved], title: Asian Apple Ginger Slaw, picturelink: null}, 24495: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the yogurt, mint and lemon zest in a bowl and swirl in the harissa. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and set aside to let the flavors meld while you prepare the carrots.nBring a pot of wellsalted water to a boil. Set up a bowl of wellsalted ice water. Blanch the carrots in the boiling water until slightly al dente they should still have crunch. Immediately plunge the carrots into the ice water and leave them to cool for 2 minutes. Drain well. Rub the skins off the carrots with a clean kitchen towel.nHeat a few tablespoons of oil in a castiron skillet over medium heat until the oil shimmers. Add the carrots, paprika, cumin, mustard and fennel and cook until the carrots are charred. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the carrots to a serving dish and top with dollops of the yogurt sauce. Garnish with mint leaves and pomegranate seeds. Serve with pomegranate dressing.nWhisk together the pomegranate molasses, mustard, vinegar, canola and some salt and pepper until smooth., ingredients: [12 cup Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, plus more for garnish, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon harissa, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound baby carrots, tops removed but a little green left attached see Cooks Note, Canola oil or pure olive oil, 2 teaspoons Spanish paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground mustard, 14 teaspoon ground fennel, Pomegranate seeds, for garnish, Pomegranate Dressing, for serving, recipe follows, 14 cup pomegranate molasses, 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 34 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and pepper], title: Roasted Carrots, Spanish Spices, Yogurt Sauce, Harissa, picturelink: ea5AxIMPGbTNz05gSoYomjBq94xg0Rm}, 24496: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In small bowl, place sugar.nIn large bowl, break up cookie dough. Stir or knead in cocoa until well blended. Shape dough into 36 1inch balls. On ungreased cookie sheets, place balls 2 inches apart. Press each flat, with smoothbottomed glass dipped in sugar.nBake 6 to 9 minutes or until cookies are set. Cool 1 minute remove from cookie sheets to cooling racks. Cool completely, about 20 minutes.nIn medium bowl, beat filling ingredients with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Spread about 2 heaping teaspoons filling between bottoms of pairs of cooled cookies., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sugar, 1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Gingerbread Cookies, 14 cup baking cocoa, 2 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup butter, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 to 4 teaspoons milk], title: Chocolate Gingerbread Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: null}, 24497: {instructions: Add ice to a large punch bowl. If using chunks as opposed to a large block of ice, fill the bowl just under half way. Add Cointreau and brandy. Using a ladle or long spoon, stir briefly. Add orange slices and cranberries if using and then pour in the champagne. Stir 12 times and let sit for a minute, so the ingredients can get acquainted., ingredients: [Ice in block form if possible, if not, large chunks, 4 oz. Cointreau, 4 oz. brandy, 2 oranges, cut into wedges, 1 cup frozen cranberries optional, 2 bottles chilled champagne], title: A.J.s Christmas Punch, picturelink: null}, 24498: {instructions: Preheat oven at 350 degrees F200 degrees C.nPlace the sourdough bread on a parchment paperlined baking tray. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake in the oven for 10 minutes or until the bread is golden brown.nMeanwhile, in a bowl, mix together the dandelions, fresh basil, cherry tomatoes, roasted pepper, red onion, and caper berries. Keep aside in the refrigerator.nChop a garlic clove in half, and rub it on the bottom and sides of a large bowl. While the croutons are still hot, add them into the bowl to infuse the garlic flavor. Squeeze the tomato halves over the croutons to allow their juices to mix in. Once the tomatoes have been juiced, cut up the remainder of the tomatoes and toss in with the crouton mixture. Drizzle with olive oil and let it rest at room temperature for 2 hours for the bread to soak all the juices from the tomatoes and olive oil.nIn a pan on mediumhigh heat, saute the asparagus in butter for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the pan and toss it with the croutons. Add the shrimp to the same pan and saute in olive oil for 1 minute, on each side. Add the garlic. Season with salt and pepper.nCombine the croutons and asparagus with the dandelion salad.nFor serving: Cut the burrata cheese on the serving plate, season with salt and pepper. Pile the panzanella salad and the garlic shrimp on top., ingredients: [Handful of fresh basil, 4 slices of dayold sourdough bread, cubed, 12 cup125 ml of olive oil, 12 cherry tomatoes, halved, Handful of dandelions, 1 red bell pepper, charred, peeled and diced, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 8 capers berries, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 3 or 4 large tomatoes, halved, 12 pound225 g of asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon15 ml butter, 15 mediumsize shrimp, deveined but tails intact, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 burrata cheese, mozzarella di buffalo, or feta cheese], title: Panzanella Bread Salad, picturelink: null}, 24499: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Set a cooling rack into a baking sheet.nHalve the eggplant lengthwise and score the flesh by making three long cuts down the middle and sides, making sure not to pierce the skin. Salt the eggplant and then place itncutside down on the prepared cooling rack for 30 minutes to release moisture.nTurn the eggplant over and remove the cooling rack. Using paper towels, dry the eggplant and the baking sheet of any moisture. Cut the eggplant into 1inch cubes and place back on the baking sheet. Scatter the garlic cloves among the eggplant. Drizzle with 3 tablespoons of olive oil. Sprinkle with the smoked paprika and some salt and pepper. Toss to coat. Roast until the eggplant is completely soft and browned, about 30 minutes. Let cool.nIncrease the oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nLightly oil a baking sheet. Toss the potatoes in a medium bowl with 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Place the potatoes cutside down on the oiled baking sheet and roast until tender, 13 to 15 minutes. Let cool.nScrape the cooled eggplant into the bowl of a food processor and squeeze the roasted garlic out of its peels into the food processor. Add the lemon zest, lemon juice, parsley, mint and the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and puree until smooth. Add the shallot and tomato and pulse to combine. Season with salt and pepper, if necessary.nTo serve, scoop out a cavity in each potato half with a paring knife or small spoon. Fill with the eggplant caviar and top with a dollop of creme fraiche and a sprinkle of black sesame seeds., ingredients: [1 Italian eggplant about 1 pound, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling a baking sheet, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 8 baby red potatoes about 12 ounces, halved, 12 lemon, zested, plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 34 cup loosely packed fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 1 medium plum tomato, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons creme fraiche, Black sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Roasted Baby Potatoes with Eggplant Caviar and Creme Fraiche, picturelink: yVwgSQrqhAkdXOWxB6nQ8N24XN0hRpO}, 24500: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a large saute pan, add butter, and add the leeks and celery. Saute for 3 minutes and add the mushrooms. Cook until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes and add the herbs and shallots, cooking for 2 more minutes. Add the stock and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper, and pour over the bread crumbs in a mixing bowl. Mix well and cool.nButterfly the turkey breast open with a sharp boning knife. Using a meat mallet, pound the meat to expand it and make it of an even thickness. Spoon the stuffing lengthwise across the breast and roll up, tucking in the meat at each end. Tie the roulade with butchers twine.nSeason with salt and pepper, and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until a thermometer reads 150 degrees in the center. Remove and allow to rest for 10 minutes before removing the twine and slicing. Serve with Cranberry Coulis.nPlace the ingredients in a nonreactive saucepan and bring to a simmer. Cook until the cranberries have burst, about 20 minutes and transfer to a blender. Blend until smooth, season, and reserve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 leek, cleaned and sliced, 1 rib celery, diced, 2 cups sliced wild cultivated mushrooms chanterelles, porcinis, creminis, etc., 2 teaspoons herbs de Provence, 2 tablespoon shallots, chopped, 1 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups toasted bread crumbs, 12 boneless turkey breast, about 2 12 pounds, Cranberry Coulis, recipe follows, 1 12 ounce bag cranberries, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 cups water, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Wild Mushroom Stuffed Turkey Breast with Cranberry Coulis, picturelink: null}, 24501: {instructions: Combine peppers, onion, garlic, vinegar, honey, mustard, chipotle and salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil and blend until emulsified. Strain sauce into a bowl.nCooks Note: This classic sauce is great on grilled veggies, chicken, fish and steak., ingredients: [4 grilled red bell peppers, peeled, seeded and chopped, 12 small red onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves roasted garlic, peeled, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chipotle puree, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup canola oil or olive oil], title: Smoked Red Pepper Sauce, picturelink: yRsWEXTwjErWsCH20LrrVaPgIjkrYLm}, 24502: {instructions: Put the melon, cream of coconut, rum, to taste, and about 2 cups of crushed ice in a blender. Puree until smooth. Pour into serving glasses and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chopped honeydew melon, about 12 medium melon, 1 15ounce can cream of coconut, Rum, Crushed ice], title: Honeydew Tropic Freeze, picturelink: t5EmIhFDgLq.04VxPphdxTTCQVAEQFi}, 24503: {instructions: Cook 1 cup dried green lentils as the label directs, adding 2 garlic cloves to the water drain and discard the garlic. Toss with 1 bunch chopped watercress, 2 sliced scallions and 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar season with salt and pepper. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil toss.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: Lentils with Watercress, picturelink: a7mmRIcmsrjuOiStJTVmCAsmm4P0XK}, 24504: {instructions: Brown beef in a 5 to 6 quart deep pot over mediumhigh heat, about 5 minutes, breaking up meat with wooden spoon but leaving some large pieces. Add frozen chopped peppers, beans, corn, chiles, soup mix, 2 cups water, cumin, salt, oregano and cayenne. Simmer, covered, 10 minutes. Stir 14 cup water into flour in small cup until smooth. Stir into stew cook until thickened, about 1 minute., ingredients: [1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 1 cup frozen chopped sweet green and red peppers, 1 15 12ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 11ounce can corn nibblets, drained, 1 4 14ounce jar diced green chiles, 1 packet onion soup mix, 2 14 cups water, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: TexMex Stew, picturelink: 1QPiZe8y5On8qDC1yrXwknxOquP24C}, 24505: {instructions: Special equipment: Salt Butchers twine 10 to 15 inches 1 larding needle 1 candlenPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace onions, garlic, and rosemary in the bottom of a cold saute pan. Place the pigs foot in the center of the pan, with the smaller part of the foot down. Place the tomatoes along 1 side of the foot and the mushrooms along the other. Pour the pork stock and mushroom juice over the pigs foot and place the pan on the top rack of the oven. Cook for 20 to 25 minutes, basting every 3 minutes, until the skin is crisp and golden and the center is hot approximately 145 degrees F. Once the pigs foot is ready, place it on a plate and cut the butchers twine. Serve with boiled potatoes, if desired. While you are doing this, let sauce cook over a high flame until slightly reduced. Add the vinaigrette base, salt, pepper, and haricots verts and stir to combine. Once you have added the vinaigrette, remove from heat or the emulsification will break. Dress the pigs foot with the sauce and sprinkle with freshly ground black pepper.nRinse the pigs foot under cold running water for 10 minutes and dry thoroughly. Use a spoon to stuff half of the pigs foot with the Stuffing. Liberally salt the foie gras and place it inside the pigs foot. Add the rest of the stuffing and pack tightly. Thread the butchers twine through the needle and heat the tip of the needle over the candle the hot needle will pass through the fat and skin more easily. Sew the pigs foot shut, tying it off at 1 end and then the other.nBring the poaching liquid to a boil, add the pigs foot, and turn off the flame. Poach for 10 minutes or until pigs foot feels firm to the touch.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to haze. Add 1 tablespoon of pork fat and the mushrooms, making sure mushrooms are in 1 even layer. Let the mushrooms sit in the pan, without movement, for 30 seconds or until a nice golden color forms. Toss the mushrooms and repeat until nicely colored. Sprinkle with salt and cook for 30 more seconds. Pour mushrooms into a sieve set over a plastic container and set aside. Deglaze the pan with a splash of water or white wine and pour over the mushrooms.nReheat the pan over medium heat and add the rest of the pork fat. Add onions and rosemary, stirring constantly so as not to form any color. Sweat the onions until they become soft and translucent. At this point, add the garlic and cook until fragrant. Then add cubed pork meat and toss lightly until everything is combined make sure the meat does not fall apart or you will lose some texture in the stuffing. Once everything is combined, add pig foot meat, season with salt and pepper, and turn the heat to low. As the collagen in the foot meat begins to melt, add the reserved porcini mushrooms, reserving the liquid for the sauce. Stir occasionally until everything is combined and evenly seasoned. Transfer stuffing to a plate and place in the refrigerator to cool completely.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nUsing a boning knife, peel the skin of the shank away from the meat until you reach the ankle. Use a saw or a cleaver to cut the bone at the ankle. Place the pigs foot and shank in a deep pan with the pork stock, carrot, onion, celery, garlic, thyme, and peppercorns and place in oven. Cook for 3 to 4 hours or until the meat is falling off the bone. Once cooked, pull the shank meat off the bone and reserve. Discard the bone. Pull the skin off the pigs foot and remove all of the bone, reserving the meat and discarding the bone.nPut the mustard, vinegar, and salt in a mixing bowl and whisk until frothy. Slowly drizzle in half of the oil while whisking constantly. Drizzle in the water and then the remaining oil, while still whisking rapidly. The vinaigrette should be light and creamy., ingredients: [12 cup minced onions, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and halved, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 stuffed and poached pigs foot, recipe follows, 12 cup sliced tomatoes, 12 cup sliced mushrooms, 12 cup pork stock, Reserved juice from the porcini mushrooms Stuffing, recipe follows, Boiled potatoes, serving suggestion, 3 to 4 ounces vinaigrette base, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, 10 haricots verts, steamed and blanched, 1 pigs foot shank removed, 1 recipe Stuffing, recipe follows, 1 3 12ounce piece foie gras, 1 gallon pork stock or other poaching liquid, 2 tablespoons pork or duck fat, 12 cup porcini mushrooms, cut into 1inch pieces, Salt and pepper, Splash water or white wine, for deglazing, 13 cup sliced Spanish onions, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and halved, 1 14 cup braised pork shank meat, cut into 12inch cubes, recipe follows, 14 cup braised pork foot meat, coarsely chopped, recipe follows, 1 pigs foot with shank attached, 1 gallon pork stock, 1 carrot, 1 onion, 1 stalk celery, 1 head garlic, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, Salt, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon warm water], title: Pigs Foot Au Pied du Cochon, picturelink: null}, 24506: {instructions: For the mole: Tear the ancho, Anaheim, and chipotle chiles into large pieces and toast them in a dry skillet over medium heat until they change color a bit, about 2 minutes. Put them into a bowl with the raisins and cover them with hot water. Soak until softened, about 30 minutes. In the same skillet over medium heat, add the almonds, sesame seeds, peppercorns, cinnamon stick, oregano, and thyme. Toast for 2 minutes, grind in a spice grinder, and add the powder to a blender. In the same skillet, over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, onions, garlic, and serrano. Cook until lightly browned, then add the tomatoes. Cook until the vegetables are soft, about 10 to 15 minutes, then add to the blender. Add the chocolate and the soaked chiles and raisins to the blender along with some of the chile soaking liquid. Puree, adding more soaking liquid, as needed, to make a smooth sauce. This makes about 4 cups sauce, the recipe uses 2 cups, the extra can be frozen.nPour the lemon juice over the turkey in a large bowl and season it well with salt and pepper. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large heavybottomed skillet and brown the turkey on all sides Transfer the browned turkey to a plate, leaving the oil in the pan. Pour 2 cups of the mole sauce into the hot skillet and simmer for about 5 minutes. Add the chicken stock and return the turkey pieces to the pan. Simmer, covered, until the turkey is cooked through, about 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, put the onion and radish slices into a serving bowl. Add the lime juice and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt, to taste. Mix well and sprinkle with the cheese.nServe the turkey over cooked white rice and the onion and radish salad. Garnish everything with cilantro leaves.nPerfect White Rice...n2:1 ratio of water to rice... for perfect rice every time., ingredients: [2 dried ancho chiles, stemmed and seeded, 2 dried Anaheim chiles, stemmed and seeded, 2 dried chipotle chiles, stemmed and seeded, 14 cup golden raisins, Hot water, 14 cup whole almonds, 14 cup sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 1 cinnamon stick, preferably Mexican, broken in pieces, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 onions, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 serrano peppers, stemmed and seeded, 6 plum tomatoes, chopped, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, preferably Mexican, chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 turkey legs and thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 onion, thinly sliced, Shaved radishes, for garnish, 1 lime, juiced, Oaxacan Cheese, crumbled for garnish, Cooked white rice, for serving, Cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Turkey Mole Poblano, picturelink: null}, 24507: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nStuffing: Saute chanterelles, leeks, and onions until transparent. Add wine and let boil and reduce until almost dry. Add heavy cream and reduce until thick. Season with salt and pepper. Let cool completely.nMake a slit on side of breast and using the back of a wooden spoon, open the slit into a pocket. Stuff it with the mushroom mixture.nIn a hot, ovenproof skillet, saute chicken in butter. Turn when slightly brown and place in oven and bake for 5 minutes. Remove from oven, pour off excess grease, and set breasts aside to rest.nPlace pan on stove, add the leeks, onion, and fennel. Let cook until translucent. Add the garlic and Herbes de Provence and stir until aromatic. Deglaze with the Chablis and season with salt and pepper. Let simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool.nRoll out the puff pastry dough and halve widthwise into two short rectangles. Place a chicken breast in the bottom half of the dough. Top with half the fennel sauce. Fold the long part of the dough over the chicken and press the edges to seal with a fork. Brush with egg white wash. Poke a design in the top of the crust with a knife. Bake for 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup diced chanterelles, 1 tablespoon diced leeks, 1 tablespoon diced onions, 2 tablespoons port wine, 14 cup heavy cream, Salt and pepper, 12 chicken boned and skinned, halved, 14 cup butter, 14 cup leeks, diced, 14 cup onions, diced, 14 cup fresh fennel, diced, 1 garlic clove, mashed and diced, 12 teaspoon Herbs du Provence, Pinch nutmeg, 2 ounces Chablis, Salt and pepper, 1 sheet puff pastry, Egg wash, for sealing the edges], title: Fennel, Chanterelle, and Chicken en Croute, picturelink: null}, 24508: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the carrots and the onion and sweat until the mixture starts to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, orange zest and oregano and cook until fragrant, another 1 to 2 minutes. Raise the heat and deglaze the pan with white wine. Add the stock and water. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Cook until the carrots are tender, about 8 to 10 minutes. Cool the mixture for about 5 minutes before processing.nProcess the soup in a food processor or blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour into serving bowls and swirl in a heaping teaspoon of sour cream before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 34 pound carrots, roughly chopped, 1 medium onion, roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 14 cup white wine, 1 12 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 1 12 cups water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons light sour cream, divided], title: OrangeScented Carrot Soup, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 24509: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nPlace the chestnuts and torn baguette into a 9by13inch baking dish and drizzle with the olive oil. Sprinkle the mixture with salt and pepper, as well as about 1 teaspoon each of the sage, savory and rosemary. Toss well to incorporate the olive oil and seasonings.nIn a separate bowl, combine the butter, lemon juice and the remaining 5 teaspoons sage, 2 teaspoons savory and 1 teaspoon rosemary and rub the mixture all over the inside and outside of the chicken. Place the squeezed lemon halves in the cavity.nPlace the chicken atop the breading and roast for 20 minutes reduce the heat to 400 degrees F and cook until a thermometer inserted into the leg registers 165 degrees F and the juices run clear, an additional 25 minutes.nLet the chicken rest for 15 minutes, covered with foil, before serving., ingredients: [1 cup chestnuts, shelled and roughly chopped, 1 loaf dayold baguette, torn into large pieces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh savory, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 lemons, cut into halves and juiced, One 3 to 4pound whole chicken, trimmed of excess fat], title: Simple Roast Chicken with Chestnut Breading, picturelink: R2X0sqWvYC1jCVvESTkTKqbAdI1r4yu}, 24510: {instructions: Rinse the clams several times under cold running water. Transfer to a large pot and add 3 cups water. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, then cover and cook until the clams open, about 6 minutes. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a large bowl reserve the broth. Transfer the clams to a bowl and cover with plastic wrap so they dont dry out.nCook the bacon in a large pot over medium heat until crisp, about 10 minutes remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Melt the butter in the same pot over medium heat. Add the celery, onion and thyme and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 10 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in the reserved clam broth, 1 12 cups water and the potato. Bring to a simmer and cook until the potato is tender and the soup thickens slightly, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, remove the clams from their shells and roughly chop.nReduce the heat under the soup to medium low. Whisk in the halfandhalf and warm through do not boil. Remove from the heat. Stir in the chopped clams season with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into bowls and top with the reserved bacon and chives.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [30 littleneck clams about 3 pounds, scrubbed, 4 slices thickcut bacon, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 stalks celery, finely chopped, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large russet potato, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 2 cups halfandhalf, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Chopped fresh chives, for topping optional], title: New England Clam Chowder, picturelink: 3jkUDi5FZ431QgTO4FtFCr1NFsJCPD6}, 24511: {instructions: Fill a deep frying pan halfway full with water and bring to a boil. Add asparagus to the boiling water and add salt and olive oil boil for 6 minutes. Remove asparagus to a sheet pan or plate to cool, and place in the refrigerator for 5 to 10 minutes. Then chop into bitesize pieces, perfect for dipping.nMelt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and saute for about 1 minute. Add cream and simmer until reduced by half. Season with salt and pepper. Add cheese, bit by bit, whisking as you go. As 1 piece melts, add another, until no cheese remains. Then add thyme and stir to combine. Serve with cubes of dayold bread and the cooled asparagus pieces., ingredients: [1 12 pounds asparagus, ends trimmed and peeled, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves minced garlic, 12 cup heavy cream, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 pound Cambozola cheese, broken into pieces, 1 teaspoon finely chopped thyme leaves, 12 loaf dayold bread, cut into cubes], title: Asparagus with Cambozola Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24512: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSaute shallots and garlic in olive oil until caramelized. Add the artichokes and crab, and saute. Add spinach, cream, crushed red pepper, tomatoes, and cheese. Stir. Let it simmer then puree mixture. Place in casserole dishes and top with bread crumbs. Bake for 7 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups chopped shallots, 12 cup chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces chopped artichoke hearts, 8 ounces Dungenesss crab meat, 4 cups spinach, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 12 cup diced tomatoes, 1 cup Boursin, 1 cup bread crumbs], title: Crab and Artichoke Dip, picturelink: null}, 24513: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make Da Sizzling Rice: Add rice and water to a small saucepot and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit 30 minutes. Transfer the rice to a baking sheet and cool to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Put the rice into the oven and let it dry out for 1 hour.nHeat 2 cups of oil to 350 degrees F. in a heavybottomed pan over medium heat. Cut the rice into 3inch rounds and fry in the oil until crunchy and light brown, about 2 minutes. Set aside on a plate.nTo make Da Pork: Cut the pork into 34inch rounds. Stir the soy sauce, mustard, and rice wine vinegar in a large bowl. Add the pork and let marinate for15 minutes. In a shallow bowl, mix the flour, cornstarch, garlic, onion, salt, and pepper. Lightly press down on the pork to flatten and dredge in the flour mixture. Heat the oil in medium saute pan, add the pork and cook until lightly browned on both sides.nTo make Da Gravy: In a medium sauce pot, over medium heat, add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the onions, ginger, garlic, and pepper, and saute until the onions are translucent. Deglaze the pan with wine, and then add 2 cups of water, the stock, soy sauce and honey. Simmer for 1 hour or until reduced by half. Strain the gravy and return it to the pot over low heat. Combine the 4 tablespoons water and cornstarch in a small bowl. Slowly stir it into the sauce and cook until the gravy has thickened.nFor Da Plate up: Transfer the rice to a serving platter, and arrange the pork on the platter. Top with the gravy and garnish with the green onions., ingredients: [2 cups jasmine rice, rinsed, 4 cups water, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 pounds pork tenderloin, silver skin removed, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 34 cup diced fresh ginger, 34 cup diced garlic, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup white wine, 2 cups water plus 4 tablespoons, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 4 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup diced green onions, for garnish], title: Ginger Garlic Pork with Sizzling Rice, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 24514: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine the raisins and rum. Set aside.nCombine the rice and salt with 1 12 cups water in a medium heavybottomed stainless steel saucepan. Bring it to a boil, stir once, and simmer, covered, on the lowest heat for 8 to 9 minutes, until most of the water is absorbed. If your stove is very hot, pull the pan halfway off the burner.nStir in 4 cups of halfandhalf and sugar and bring to a boil. Simmer uncovered for 25 minutes, until the rice is very soft. Stir often, particularly toward the end. Slowly stir in the beaten egg and continue to cook for 1 minute. Off the heat, add the remaining cup of halfandhalf, the vanilla, and the raisins with any remaining rum. Stir well. Pour into a bowl, and place a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the pudding to prevent a skin from forming. Serve warm or chilled., ingredients: [34 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 34 cup white basmati rice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 cups halfandhalf, divided, 12 cup sugar, 1 extralarge egg, beaten, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Rum Raisin Rice Pudding, picturelink: BXoQJaWh9yjzC9qQEMkoL0A6A1WfC}, 24515: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBrush fillets on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Heat a large, ovensafe nonstick saute pan over high heat, add the fish, and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Brush with some of the glaze, turn over, and continue cooking on the stovetop or in the oven for 3 to 4 minutes or until just cooked through. Brush with more of the glaze and remove from the heat.nLadle some of the broth into large shallow bowls, place fish in the middle, glazed side up, and sprinkle some of the couscous around the fish. Serve immediately.nPlace tangerine juice in a medium saucepan and cook over high heat, until reduced to 34 cup, stirring occasionally. While the tangerine juice is reducing, combine vinegar and sugar in a small saucepan and cook until reduced by half. Add the reduced tangerine juice and habanero to the reduced vinegar mixture and stir to combine. Puree in a blender until smooth and season with salt. Transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature before using.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the clam broth and cook for 15 minutes. Strain the mixture and return to the saucepan, stir in the lemon juice and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the butter, if using, and the torn parsley or cilantro. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep warm.nBring water and salt to a boil in a saucepan. Stir in the couscous, cover the pot, remove from the heat, and let sit 5 minutes or until the water is absorbed and couscous is tender. Remove the lid of the pot, fluff the couscous with a fork and stir in the zest. Keep warm., ingredients: [4 6ounce fillets artic char, skinned, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, TangerineHabanero Glaze, recipe follows, Meyer Lemon Broth, recipe follows, Couscous, recipe follows, 4 cups tangerine juice, 2 cups red wine vinegar, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 habanero chile, chopped, Salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 cups homemade clam broth, 12 cup fresh Meyer lemon juice, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, optional, Fresh parsley leaves or cilantro leaves, torn, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup instant couscous, 1 tablespoon Meyer lemon zest], title: Arctic Char with TangerineHabanero Glaze and Meyer Lemon Couscous Broth, picturelink: QzvUmlAio7kqr0PWOaN5zGHVoZufHfu}, 24516: {instructions: Scoop ice cream into a blender. Pour in white chocolate liqueur, coffee liqueur, and brandy. Make sure the top of the blender is tightly in place and blend until smooth. Pour into glasses and serve topped with whipped cream and shaved chocolate., ingredients: [8 to 10 scoops vanilla ice cream, 1 part white chocolate liqueur, 1 part coffee liqueur, 1 part brandy, Whipped cream, for garnish, Shaved chocolate, for garnish], title: GrownUp Milkshake, picturelink: null}, 24517: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a bowl, sift flour, sugar, 2 tablespoons cocoa, baking powder and salt together. Add the milk, nuts, vanilla and butter and mix until smooth. Pour into a 9 by 13inch baking pan. Mix the brown sugar, water and 4 tablespoons cocoa well, and pour over the batter. Bake for about 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 34 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cocoa, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 stick 1ounce butter, melted, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 13 cups hot water, 4 tablespoons cocoa], title: Hot Fudge Pudding, picturelink: null}, 24518: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Prepare the pie crust by rolling it out and crimping the edge to form a highstanding rim.nFor the pecan filling, whisk the eggs in a bowl until foamy. Stir in the corn syrup or maple syrup, brown sugar, vanilla, salt and pecans. Spread the pecan filling over the bottom of the pie crust. Bake for about 20 minutes, until the filling is set and slightly puffed.nMeanwhile, whisk the eggs for the pumpkin filling and stir in the pumpkin puree, milk, brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, salt, and vanilla until well blended.nWhen the pecan filling has set, remove it from the oven. Pour the pumpkin filling over the pecan layer and bake for about 40 minutes, until the pumpkin layer is set in the middle.nDecorate by pressing toasted pecan halves around the outside edge of the pie. Cool for at least 20 minutes before cutting. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [10inch pie crust, premade, Pecan filling, 2 large eggs, 12 cup corn syrup or pure maple syrup, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup coarsely chopped toasted pecans, 3 eggs, 134 cups cooked pumpkin puree 15ounce can, 1 cup milk, 34 cup packed brown sugar, 112 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 112 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Toasted pecan halves], title: Pecan Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 24519: {instructions: Sparkling ginger cider is a first rate fall mocktail. Mix 12 pound peeled, sliced fresh ginger into 32 ounces of apple cider and chill for about an hour. Pour into glasses filled with ice and top with ginger ale and fresh mint. To spike this punch, add brandy and top with hard cider instead of ginger ale.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: Sparkling Ginger Cider, picturelink: zF8NH2YDu66ljhyQu52HcUp0CLnSmYu}, 24520: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Grease a 9inchsquare pan generously. In a bowl whisk together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, baking soda, and the salt. In a small bowl whisk together the eggs, buttermilk, and butter, add the buttermilk mixture to the cornmeal mixture, and stir the batter until it is just combined. Heat the greased pan in the oven for 3 to 5 minutes, or until it is very hot, add the batter, spreading it evenly, and bake the corn bread in the middle of the oven for 15 minutes, or until the top is pale golden and the sides begin to pull away from the edges of the pan. Let the corn bread cool for 5 minutes, turn it out onto a rack, and let it cool completely. Cut the corn bread into 9 squares., ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons doubleacting baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled], title: Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 24521: {instructions: In a bowl, mix together graham crackers and sugar. Moisten the rims of the glasses and coat with sugar mixture.nIn a large pitcher, add superfine sugar, cherry juice, grenadine, rum, club soda and lime juice. Stir.nPour over ice in the rimmed glasses with and garnish with lime and cherries., ingredients: [13 cup graham crackers, crushed, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup superfine sugar, 1 cup cherry juice, 14 cup grenadine, 4 shots white rum, 1 cup club soda, 1 lime, juiced, Lime slices, for garnish, Maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: Cherry Pie in the Sky, picturelink: jgQQUbhgk92lKhQX50u2hadJwNVu6.}, 24522: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread almonds in one layer on ungreased shallow baking pan. Bake for 1015 minutes, stirring occasionally, until golden. Set aside.n2. Pound chicken breasts to 14inch thickness cut in half. Marinate overnight in white wine.n3. In skillet, saute mushrooms in 14 cup butter about 3 to 4 minutes. Add garlic, parsley and lemon juice saute 2 to 3 minutes. Add toasted slivered almonds.n4. Remove chicken breasts from marinade pat dry and discard marinade. Season with salt and pepper. Place 13 cup of mushroom mixture on each chicken breast half. Fold in sides and roll.n5. Secure to hold with toothpick or skewer. Chill 1 hour.n6. Add 23 cup almonds to a food processor or coffee grinder. Pulse until finely ground. Strain through a fine mesh strainer to avoid lumps. Set aside in dish.n7. Dredge rolled chicken in flour, dip in egg, then in ground almonds. Place in casserole pour 12 cup melted butter over breasts.n8. Bake at 400 degrees F for 20 to 25 minutes or until no longer pink and coating is crispy brown., ingredients: [23 cup Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Slivered Almonds, toasted, 3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 package 16oz. mushrooms, sliced, 34 cup 1 12 sticks butter or margarine, divided, 1 large clove of garlic, minced, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 23 cup Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Slivered Almonds, finely ground, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, beaten, Salt and ground black pepper, to taste], title: Almond Stuffed Chicken Breast, picturelink: null}, 24523: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and cook ziti until al dente. Strain and rinse in cool water. In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, cook pancetta until it is crispy and the fat has rendered. In the same pan, add all of the cheeses and the cream and whisk until blended. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Slowly add the cooked ziti to the cheese mixture, stirring gently. Transfer the ziti and cheese mixture to a large baking dish or cast iron skillet. Top off with more cheese and bake for 24 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ziti pasta, 12 pound pancetta, chopped, 1 12 cups grated Monterey Jack plus extra for topping, 1 12 cups grated Asiago plus extra for topping, 1 12 cups grated Cheddar plus extra for topping, 1 12 cups grated Provolone plus extra for topping, 1 12 cups grated Parmesan plus extra for topping, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pauls Crafty Mac N Cheese with Pancetta, picturelink: null}, 24524: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a food processor and puree until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours before serving.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSift cornmeal, flours and baking powder into a large bowl. Mix well.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the soy milk, oil, salt, and syrup. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry, stirring just until the dry ingredients are moistened.nOil an 11inch round cast iron skillet with the olive oil. Over high heat, heat the oil until it starts to smoke. Pour the batter into the heating skillet. Bake approximately 40 minutes, or until the cornbread is firm to the touch and a toothpick comes out clean. Let cool before slicing.nDrain and rinse the beans. Place the beans in a medium saucepan with the bay leaves and add enough water to cover the beans by 1inch. Cover and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 35 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon of salt in the last 5 minutes of cooking. Beans will still be tough. They will complete their cooking in the stew. Reserve both the beans and the cooking juices while completing the preparation of the stew.nOver medium to high heat in a large pot heat the oil, onions and carrots, cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the celery, squash, bell peppers, jalapeno, and garlic, cook 5 minutes more. Add the okra, spices, remaining salt, and the tomato paste.nIn a food processor, puree the whole tomatoes with their juice until you have a tomato souplike consistency. Stir the tomato mixture into the vegetables. Add the beans, the bean cooking juice, and the water or vegetable stock. Cover and simmer until beans are tender, about 20 minutes. Add the tamari and cilantro. Serve hot.nSteam the greens about 2 to 3 minutes in a steamer basket. Set aside.nHeat the oil and garlic in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the cooked greens and salt, tossing with the onions and garlic, cook until greens are softened, about 3 minutes. Sprinkle with the tamari and serve hot., ingredients: [6 scallions, top 2 inches of green removed, 2 tablespoons umeboshi paste Japanese pickled plum paste, available in natural foods stores or Japanese food shops, 6 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 6 tablespoons toasted sesame butter or tahini, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 2 cups cornmeal, 1 cup whole wheat pastry flour, 1 cup unbleached white flour, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 2 cups soy milk, 12 cup canola oil, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 13 cup maple syrup, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups dried red beans, soaked overnight, 3 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, diced 12inch, 2 large carrots, diced 12inch, 4 stalks celery, diced 12inch, 2 small butternut squash, skinned and diced 34 inch, 1 small red bell pepper, diced 12inch, 1 small green bell pepper, diced 12inch, 14 jalapeno pepper, minced about 1 teaspoon, 14 cup minced garlic, 4 cups diced okra or zucchini, 12inch cubes, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 3 tablespoons dried sage, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 small 6ounce can tomato paste, 2 cups canned whole tomatoes with juice, 2 cups water or vegetable stock, 14 cup tamari, 1 cup minced cilantro leaves, 1 bunch kale, trimmed, sliced diagonally into 14inch strips about 10 cups, 1 bunch collard greens, trimmed, sliced diagonally into 14inch strips, about 10 cups, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup minced garlic, 1 large onion, sliced thin about 2 cups, 12 tablespoon sea salt, 2 tablespoons tamari], title: South by Southwest, picturelink: null}, 24525: {instructions: Using a mortar and pestle, combine the garlic, chile, salt, coriander, mustard seeds, and turmeric, and grind into a paste.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large ovenproof casserole or heavybottomed saucepan. Season the chicken with salt, and black pepper, and brown the pieces on all sides. Remove the chicken from the pan, and set aside. Add the remaining oil, and cook the squash, onions, eggplants, and potatoes.nOnce the vegetables begin to soften and brown, sprinkle in the spice mix, and cook, stirring continuously, for 4 minutes to release the fragrance of the spices. Return the chicken to the casserole dish, and add the bay leaves, coconut milk, chicken stock, and tamarind paste.nBring the ingredients to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer, and cover. Cook until the chicken is tender and cooked through, about 40 minutes. About 5 minutes before serving, stir in the mango, papaya, lime juice, and rum, if using. Stir the mixture to incorporate, then cover, and cook until the fruit is hot. Adjust the salt, and pepper, if necessary, and serve with some boiled rice., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 12 to 1 hot red chile, preferably Scotch Bonnet, seeded wear gloves, 1 teaspoon sea salt flakes, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 4 tablespoons sunflower or groundnut oil peanut, 12 chicken pieces, preferably a mixture of thighs and drumsticks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 ounces butternut squash, peeled and diced into 2inch cubes, 2 onions, coarsely chopped, 2 eggplants, diced into 1 12inch cubes, 2 to 3 large waxy potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 12inch chunks, 3 small bay leaves, 1 34 cups coconut milk, 1 14 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon tamarind paste, 1 large ripe mango, peeled and chopped into 2inch chunks, 1 large ripe papaya, peeled and sliced, Juice of 12 lime, 1 12 tablespoons rum, optional, Serving suggestion: Boiled rice.], title: Martinique Coconut Chicken Curry, picturelink: MlUAE8mkFKtAS2OjEt4aanVsb62LuZW}, 24526: {instructions: Bone snapper and slice the fish fillets into thin sashimi slices and arrange flat on a plate. Puree sea urchin with a hand blender or a small bar blender.nWith a tablespoon, pour the following liquids around and over the sashimi ginger juice, soy sauce, yuzu juice, lemon juice, truffle oil, sea urchin, and spicy sesame oil. Garnish with fresh truffles, Japanese herbs, and droplets of scallion oil.nQuickly blanch green onions in hot water and shock immediately in ice water. Squeeze out the water from the green onion and place in blender with the olive oil. Add the ginger juice, season with salt, and blend. Strain through a fine sieve., ingredients: [2 2 12 pound whole snapper or opakapaka or Thai sea bream, 14 cup sea urchin, 2 ounces ginger juice, 2 ounces soy sauce, 2 ounces yuzu juice, 2 ounces lemon juice, 2 ounces truffle oil, 1 ounce rayu spicy sesame oil, 1 fresh truffle, julienne optional, Japanese herbs beni tate, baby shiso, baby negi, 2 ounces scallion oil, recipe follows, 1 bunch green onions, 1 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons ginger juice, Salt], title: Sashimi of Snapper with Sea Urchin and Truffles, picturelink: null}, 24527: {instructions: Mix 1 cup cooked spaghetti, 1 beaten egg and 14 cup grated parmesan. Wrap the spaghetti mixture around 12 cooked mini meatballs. Fry in 2 inches of 350 degrees F vegetable oil until golden, 5 minutes. Garnish with parsley and serve on skewers with marinara sauce.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: SpaghettiandMeatball Skewers, picturelink: 2xKB.sWhOCh6SvOqC7GifnecTubI336}, 24528: {instructions: Slice the head of lettuce into 4 pieces, and place each bunch on a large serving plate in a cross shape, without overlapping.nPlace all of the chopped olives in a small bowl, and then add the olive oil, vinegar, and salt, to taste. Stir to combine, and then spread generously over the lettuce.nPlace the fillets of smoked salmon and cod over each of the lettuce pieces., ingredients: [1 head lettuce, 12 cup black olives, chopped finely, 12 cup green olives stuffed with anchovies, finely chopped, 1 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, Salt, 2 14inch thick pieces smoked salmon, 2 14inch thick pieces smoked cod], title: Smoked Salmon and Cod Salad with Mixed Olives, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 24529: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the baguette on the bias into 8 thin slices. In a small bowl, mix together the chopped mint and butter. Cut the chocolate pieces so that 2 pieces match the size of the bread slices. Heat the chocolate in the microwave 5 seconds to soften just enough cut the pieces.nSpread the butter onto the slices of bread. Lay out 2 pieces of chocolate on each tartine. Sprinkle a little salt on top. Serve., ingredients: [12 French baguette loaf, 4 ounces dark chocolate, 8 fresh mint leaves, chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, Kosher salt, for garnish, optional], title: Tartine with Chocolate and Mint Butter, picturelink: ujixBml224o5pCTvQZzqPYHnq1wDlAS}, 24530: {instructions: Whisk 1 34 cups flour, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice and 1 teaspoon each baking powder and salt. Separately, whisk 1 egg, 2 tablespoons melted butter and 12 cup each milk and sugar, then stir in the flour mixture. Deepfry small scoops in 350 degrees F vegetable oil, turning, until golden, 3 to 4 minutes transfer to a rack to drain. Roll in a mixture of 13 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon pie spice while warm. Makes about 24.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Pumpkin Spice Doughnut Holes, picturelink: YgR72NjuEnlBVH088Kb5.lD9x6fWu}, 24531: {instructions: Shell the beans and wash thoroughly. Put 2 cups water and the salt in a medium saucepan and add the beans. Cook the beans until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain the liquid and add the butter. Sprinkle lightly with the black pepper before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds baby lima beans, fresh in the shell, or one 10ounce package, frozen, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 teaspoon coarse ground pepper], title: Baby Lima Beans Butterbeans, picturelink: SpOqtvsVIOBwW39YDC9c2HQUO2AdFu}, 24532: {instructions: Sprinkle the gelatin over cold water and let stand for 5 minutes. In a 3quart saucepan, warm the cream with the sugar, salt, and vanilla over mediumhigh heat.nDo not let it boil. Stir in the gelatin until thoroughly dissolved. Take the cream off the heat and cool about 5 minutes.nPut the sour cream in a medium bowl. Gently whisk in the warm cream a little at a time until smooth. Taste for sweetness. It may need another teaspoon of sugar. Rinse 8 23cup ramekins, custard cups, or coffee cups with cold water. Fill each one 34 full with the cream. Chill 24 hours.nTo serve, either unmold by packing the molds in hot towels and then turning each out onto a dessert plate, or serve in their containers. Serve alone or with the fruit, or drizzle each portion with about 12 teaspoon artisan balsamic vinegar or saba., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 2 tablespoons cold water, 3 cups heavy whipping cream, 12 cup sugar, or more to taste, Pinch of salt, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup 8ounce container sour cream, 2 cups pitted fresh cherries, strawberries, or sliced peaches or pears, Or, 1 12 to 2 tablespoons artisanmade balsamic vinegar, Or, 2 to 3 tablespoons saba syrup or Vin Cotto], title: Panna Cotta, picturelink: null}, 24533: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle.nBring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil, over mediumhigh heat, and cook pasta according to package directions. When pasta is done, drain, and run under cold water to cease the cooking.nFor the sauce: Heat the oil and butter in a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat. When thenbutter foams, add the onion and garlic and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are soft and golden, about 5 minutes. Add the meat and break it up with a spoon. Cook, stirring frequently, until browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and cinnamon and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cook until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes more, then remove from the heat.nButter a 2 12 to 3quart baking dish. Spread half of the pasta evenly in the bottom of lightly buttered glass baking dish. Sprinkle half of the cheese over the top, add all the meat sauce, the remaining pasta, and the remaining cheese.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the milk and the eggs until evenly combined. Slowly pour it over the entire dish the liquid should completely cover the noodles. Cover and bake until bubbly, about 40 to 45 minutes. Uncover and bake until bubbling and browned, about 10 to 15 minutes more. Let it sit for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pound penne, mostaccioli, or ziti, 2 cups finely grated Parmesan, 1 cup whole milk, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 medium yellow onion, finely chopped, 3 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound lean ground turkey, 12 pound ground pork, 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, with juices, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Easy As Can Be Pasticcio, picturelink: fWrRAuDiAVElwbzreZfHdHZs3q64y}, 24534: {instructions: For the crust: Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 9inch square metal baking pan with foil, leaving an overhang for easy removal. Spray foil with nonstick cooking spray.nWhisk the flour, oatmeal, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Stir in melted butter until combined. Set 1 14 cups oatmeal mixture aside. Press remaining oatmeal mixture firmly into prepared pan. Bake until light golden brown, about 8 minutes. Cool completely. Stir cashews into the reserved oatmeal mixture.nFor the filling: Whisk the flour, brown sugar, instant espresso powder, cinnamon, chili powder and salt in a medium bowl. Put the chocolate and butter in large microwavable bowl microwave on medium power until chocolate is softened, stopping every 30 seconds to stir. Stir until mixture is melted and smooth. Whisk in eggs, then stir in flour mixture. Pour filling over cooled crust and sprinkle with reserved oatmeal mixture.nBake until toothpick inserted into center comes out with few crumbs attached, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool to room temperature, at least 1 hour. Remove using foil overhang and cut into squares., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup quickcooking oatmeal, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 12 cup coarsely chopped salted, roasted cashews, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon instant espresso powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon chipotle chili powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 ounces premium semisweet chocolate, chopped, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, chopped, 3 large eggs], title: Oaxaca Fudge Bars with CashewCrumb Topping, picturelink: null}, 24535: {instructions: LINE 8 or 9inch square pan with foil, extending foil over edges of pan.nMELT chocolate chips with sweetened condensed milk and salt in heavy saucepan over low heat. Remove from heat. Stir in nuts and vanilla. Spread evenly into prepared pan.nCHILL 2 hours or until firm. Remove from pan by lifting edges of foil. Cut into squares.nMICROWAVE METHODnCOMBINE chocolate chips with sweetened condensed milk and salt in 1quart glass measure. Cook on HIGH 100 power 3 minutes or until chips are melted, stirring after 1 12 minutes. Stir in remaining ingredients. Proceed as above.nVARIATIONSnCREAMY DARK CHOCOLATE FUDGE: MELT 2 cups miniature marshmallows with chocolate chips and sweetened condensed milk. Proceed as above.nMILK CHOCOLATE FUDGE: OMIT 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips. Add 1 cup milk chocolate chips. Proceed as above.nCHOCOLATE PEANUT BUTTER CHIP GLAZED FUDGE: FOLLOW above recipe using 34 cup peanut butter chips instead of nuts. For glaze, melt 12 cup peanut butter chips with 12 cup heavy cream. Stir until thick and smooth. Spread over chilled fudge., ingredients: [3 cups 18 oz. semisweet chocolate chips, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, Dash salt, 12 to 1 cups chopped nuts optional, 1 12 tsps. vanilla extract], title: Foolproof Chocolate Fudge, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 24536: {}, 24537: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill over mediumhigh heat.nAssemble the sandwiches by arranging some sliced mozzarella and basil, sprinkled with salt and pepper, between 2 slices of bread. Repeat for the remaining 2 slices of bread. Brush both sides of the sandwiches with olive oil. Put on hot grill and cook until the cheese is evenly melted, about 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Transfer to serving plates and serve hot., ingredients: [8 ounces fresh mozzarella, sliced, 10 to 12 basil leaves, torn, 4 slices bread, Pinch salt, Pinch cracked black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Funked Out Grilled Cheese, picturelink: qdWijHUzJcCR1ubMEZWoyMrxftEz4W}, 24538: {instructions: Discard the water from the soaked beans.nIn a large saucepot, render the pancetta. Add the beans and 5 cups of water. Simmer for 45 minutes. Strain the beans, reserve the liquid and discard the pancetta. Set aside.nIn the same pot, heat the olive oil. Saute all the vegetables until the onions are transparent.nIn a small bowl, dilute the tomato paste in the remaining 12 cup of water. Add to the vegetables. Add the spinach, the reserved bean liquid and chicken stock. Bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer. Add the beans, season with salt and pepper. Reduce by 14. Reserve.nPrepare the Cherry Tomato Vinaigrette. In a bowl, combine all the ingredients and toss gently. Reserve.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Brush the fish fillets with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Place a medium saute pan over high heat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil and saute the fish, skin side down for 2 minutes. Transfer to the oven and bake until done, about 5 to 6 minutes. Do not turn the fish to ensure a crispy skin.nPrepare the escarole. In a large saute pan, over medium heat, add the olive oil. Saute the escarole until wilted. Season with salt.nMeanwhile, lay out 4 large soup plates and ladle 6 ounces of the white bean ragout on each plate. Lay 2 spears of escarole crosswise. With a metal spatula, carefully place a fillet, skin side up, on top of the escarole. Spoon tomato vinaigrette across the fillet. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound dry cannellini beans, soaked in water overnight, 2 ounces pancetta, cut into big pieces, 5 12 cups water, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup chopped garlic, 2 stalks celery, cut into 14inch dice, 1 pound carrots, cut into 14inch dice, 1 red onion, cut into 14inch dice, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 ounces spinach, stems removed, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, quarter, 14 cup sundried tomato, blanched, 6 basil leaves, chiffonade, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 pint ripe cherry tomatoes, quartered, 4 8ounce fillets of seabass, scaled, skin on, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided, Kosher salt and white pepper, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 heads escarole, trim outer leaves, quartered, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Pan Seared Seabass with White Bean Ragout, Braised Escarole and Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 24539: {instructions: Thoroughly wash and dry spinach and remove stems.nUsing half the ingredients and working in batches, heat olive oil in a large skillet over moderate heat. Saute garlic about one minute. Add spinach leaves, increase heat to high, and stir until evenly wilted, about 2 minutes. Add salt, pepper, and tomatoes. Cook an additional minute. Stir in grated Parmesan, remove from heat, taste, and adjust seasonings. Serve immediately. If spinach releases too much water, you can drain mixture in a colander before serving. Taste and adjust seasonings again after draining., ingredients: [2 bunches spinach, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, minced, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 small tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Sauteed Spinach with Parmesan Cheese, picturelink: null}, 24540: {instructions: Special equipment: a small 1tablespoon scoopnPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, stir together the coconut, flour and salt. Stir in the condensed milk, orange juice and chopped pistachios until well combined.nUsing a small scoop about 1 tablespoon, scoop out the coconut batter onto 2 parchmentlined baking sheets. Be sure to press the tops down just a little so the centers can cook.nBake until the coconut is toasted, 12 to 15 minutes. Allow to cool on the pans.nDip the bottom of each cooled macaroon in the melted milk chocolate, and lightly roll in pistachios. Return to the baking sheets and let set. Squeeze fresh orange juice and sprinkle orange zest over the tops., ingredients: [5 12 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup orange juice, 1 to 2 ounces chopped pistachios, plus more for dipping, 1 cup milk chocolate pistoles, melted for dipping, Juice and zest of 1 orange, for garnish], title: Coconut Macaroons, picturelink: s4pyTT4IpDPNaPbYax8MU6WI2Ad1o.K}, 24541: {instructions: Add all the ingredients to a blender. Put the blender on a low setting and gradually increase the speed. Blend on high for about 20 seconds. Taste the sauce and adjust the flavor by adding more seasoning or lemon juice. Pour the sauce through a strainer into a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. If you want a warm sauce, gently heat it in a small saucepan over low heat., ingredients: [1 avocado, halved and pitted, flesh cut in quarters, 2 cups water, 1 clove garlic, 12 shallot, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, plus more to taste, Pinch kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning], title: Silky Avocado Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24542: {instructions: Make topping: In a wellseasoned 10inch castiron skillet melt butter over moderate heat until foam subsides. Reduce heat to low. Sprinkle brown sugar evenly onto bottom of skillet and heat, undisturbed, 3 minutes not all brown sugar will be melted. Remove skillet from heat.nPeel and core pears and halve lengthwise. Cut 3 pears halves lengthwise into 14inchthick wedges and arrange wedges, overlapping, around edge of skillet. Cut remaining pear half crosswise into 14inchthick slices and fan decoratively in center of skillet.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMake cake batter: Into a bowl sift together flours, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg. In another bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in vanilla and almond extract. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. With mixer on low speed add milk, beating until just combined. Beat in flour mixture in 3 batches until just combined.nSpoon batter over topping in skillet, spreading evenly be careful not to disturb topping, and bake in middle of oven 40 to 45 minutes, or until golden brown and springy to the touch. Cool cake in skillet on a rack 5 minutes. Run a thin knife around edge of skillet. Invert a plate over skillet and invert cake onto plate keeping plate and skillet firmly pressed together. Carefully lift skillet off cake and replace any fruit that is stuck to bottom of skillet if necessary.nServe cake warm or at room temperature with whipped cream., ingredients: [12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 large firmripe Comice or Barlett pears, 1 cup cake flour not selfrising, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 stick 12 cup butter, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 18 teaspoon almond extract, 2 large eggs, 1 cup milk, Sweetened whipped cream flavored with a very small amount of almond extract], title: Pear and Nutmeg UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: null}, 24543: {instructions: Melt butter in a 4 quart pot and add corn cobs, leeks, garlic, onion, thyme, bacon rind, celery, quahog, salt and pepper. Cook until the onions are translucent no color on vegetable. Add white wine and chicken broth and simmer until the quahogs are open. Strain and reserve broth. Cook potatoes in salted water until soft. Heat the butter and heavy cream. Strain the potatoes and add warm cream and butter. Mash potatoes and add salt and pepper to taste. In a 16inch hotel pan, melt butter and reserved corn with garlic and chopped thyme. Then add all clams and 14 cup chicken broth. Cover and steam until clams are open. Warm the reserve broth, add cream, diced celery, salt, pepper, and rendered bacon. Place a dollop of blissful mashed potatoes in each bowl. Pile 2 cockles, 2 mahoganies, 1 razor clam, 2 littlenecks and 2 steamers on top. Ladle 8 ounces of the chowder broth over clams and adjust the seasoning., ingredients: [3 corn cobs corn kernels removed and reserved, 2 diced leeks, 12 head of garlic, 34 chopped onion, 14 bunch thyme, Bacon rind or smoked ham hock, Stalk celery chopped, 4 quahog clams, 14 cup white wine, 3 cups of chicken broth fresh or canned, 14 cup butter, 8 medium red bliss potatoes, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup butter, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoon garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme, 12 cockles, 12 mahoganies, 12 littleneck clams, 6 razor clams, 12 steamer clams, 14 cup chicken broth, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 stalk celery diced, 14 cup diced rendered bacon], title: Five Clam Chowder with Blissful Mash, picturelink: null}, 24544: {instructions: Preheat fryer to 350 degrees F.nCut the tough and fibrous bottoms off the asparagus and peel stems with a vegetable peeler. In a mixing bowl, combine flour, salt, and coriander. Whisk in soda water just until incorporated with the dry ingredients. Let the batter rest at room temperature for 1 hour. Dip asparagus in batter and place in fryer until golden brown, about 3 minutes.nPlace on paper towels to drain and sprinkle with sea salt. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus, 1 cup rice flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 cup soda water, Sea salt, 2 lemons, cut into wedges], title: Tempura Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 24545: {instructions: In a saucepan over medium heat, saute garlic and onion in oil for 2 minutes. Add tomatoes and herbs, continue to cook for 5 minutes until the tomatoes soften. Season with salt, pepper and sugar. Serve with cheese and herb ravioli., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons onion, diced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tomatoes, chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh herbs oregano, basil, parsley, chopped, Salt and pepper, to taste, Pinch sugar, Cheese and herb ravioli, cooked, for serving], title: Pomodoro Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24546: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a skillet over medium high heat with extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan. Add pork and brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Add chorizo, onions, garlic and season mixture with cumin, allspice, salt and pepper, to taste, and cook 7 to 8 minutes. Stir in tomato paste, cook a minute then add beer.nArrange bread on baking sheet. Toast the split bread a bit, top with 14 of the meat mixture and Swiss cheese, return to oven and melt 2 to 3 minutes.nMix pickles with mustard. Heat a skillet with butter over medium heat. To melted butter, add eggs and fry to desired doneness.nTop Cubano hash with relish and fried egg and serve. Oh yeah, Baby, ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 34 pound ground pork, 34 pound, packaged chorizo, peeled and chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 13 palm full, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 bottle beer, 4 Portuguese rolls or 2 sandwich sized English muffins, split and toasted, 4 delicut slices Swiss cheese, 4 dill pickles, chopped, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 large eggs], title: Cubano Hash, picturelink: TKohPi.S9tl8nHC9fIsGYAKHCeO.g9O}, 24547: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a baking sheet in the oven to preheat while you prepare the potatoes.nToss the potatoes with the oil and thyme on a baking sheet and season liberally with salt and pepper. Roast the potatoes until golden brown and crisp on the outside but forktender on the inside, 15 to 18 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and toss with the feta and green onions. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 pounds new potatoes, quartered, 14 cup coconut oil, 3 sprigs thyme, leaves picked and chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup crumbled feta, 14 cup thinly sliced green onions], title: New Potatoes with Feta, picturelink: UxQInN0nn5yvPfoUGK0lvaV0j6ZL6}, 24548: {instructions: Place the butter and Roquefort cheese in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix on medium speed until smooth. Add the scallions and mix until combined. Cut a strip of parchment paper 4 12 inches wide and place the mixture on the short end of the paper. Roll into a log about 1 inch in diameter, rolling the parchment paper around the butter mixture. Chill., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 ounces good Roquefort cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped scallions], title: Roquefort Butter, picturelink: null}, 24549: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the beef tenderloin: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPlace the beef tenderloin on a baking sheet, drizzle with the olive oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. Rub the oil and seasoning evenly over the meat.nRoast the tenderloin until an internal thermometer reads 125 to 130 degrees F for rare to medium rare, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, tent with aluminum foil and let rest until it reaches room temperature, at least 20 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and thinly slice.nFor the crostini: Turn down the oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nPut the baguette slices on a baking sheet in 1 layer. Drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until golden brown and toasted, about 5 minutes.nFor the horseradish sauce: Add the sour cream, applesauce, horseradish, mayonnaise, breadcrumbs and chives to a medium bowl and mix until combined. Season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble: Spread a dollop of horseradish sauce onto each toasted baguette piece, add a slice of beef tenderloin and then top with another dollop of horseradish sauce and a few watercress leaves., ingredients: [2 pounds beef tenderloin, trimmed and tied, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 baguettes, cut into twenty 12inchthick slices total, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup applesauce, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoon minced chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Watercress leaves, for garnish], title: Beef Tenderloin Crostini, picturelink: S7DBy5Gat6Vlqpd0ZqU9HPv6xRGgkha}, 24550: {instructions: Pour the stout and champagne into a pint glass and serve., ingredients: [12 Guinness, or another stout, room temperature, 12 champagne, chilled], title: Black Velvet, picturelink: null}, 24551: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the nuts out on a small baking pan and toast lightly, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool.nPulse together 14 cup of the walnuts and the garlic in a food processor add the broccoli, basil, broth, nutmeg, red pepper flakes if using, 34 teaspoon salt and the lemon juice, and pulse until just combined. Slowly drizzle in the oil through the feed tube with the processor running and puree until a slightly chunky sauce forms, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add 2 tablespoons of the cheese and pulse until incorporated.nCook the pasta in a large pot of salted water according to the package directions. Drain, reserving 12 cup of the cooking liquid.nToss the pasta with the pesto in the dry pot or a mixing bowl, along with some of the reserved cooking liquid. Add the remaining cooking liquid if needed and additional salt to taste.nTransfer the pasta to individual bowls and sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon cheese. Chop the remaining walnuts and scatter on top. Garnish with basil leaves and serve., ingredients: [13 cup walnut halves, 12 cup packed fresh basil leaves, plus a few sprigs, for garnish, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 12 cups chopped raw broccoli florets and tender stems about 4 ounces, 14 cup lowsodium vegetable broth, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional, Kosher salt, Juice of 12 small lemon 1 tablespoon, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, Romano or grana padano cheese, 10 ounces whole wheat or tricolor fusilli], title: BroccoliWalnut Pesto With Pasta, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 24552: {instructions: Mix the panko, coriander and shiso. Season the fillets. Dredge the fillets in flour, egg then panko. Deep fry at 350 degrees for 6 to 8 minutes until golden brown., ingredients: [4 trout fillets, skinless, 2 eggs, All purpose flour, 1 cup panko crumbs, 13 cup shiso leaves, chiffonade, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Herb Crusted Trout with Shiitake Sticky Rice and Shiso Oil, picturelink: null}, 24553: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13inch baking dish with 1 tablespoon butter.nCut each of the yams into 8 evenly shaped wedges. Lay them out in the prepared baking dish in an even layer. Melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the brown sugar and allow to dissolve. Mix in syrup and cook until smooth. Pour the glaze over the yams and sprinkle with nutmeg.nCover the baking dish with foil and bake for about 45 minutes or until the yams are tender when pierced with a fork but they still hold their shape., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon for greasing, 4 medium yams or sweet potatoes, peeled, 12 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons maple syrup, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste], title: Glazed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 24554: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan or indooroutdoor grill to high.nFor the first sauce, place all the herbs and garlic in food processor and pulsechop to a fine mince. Scrape into a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in vinegar and extravirgin olive oil and let stand.nHeat a small pot with extravirgin olive oil over medium heat. Add onions and cook 5 minutes. Add brown sugar and cook 1 minute. Add hot sauce, Worcestershire pepper and tomato sauce. Simmer 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and transfer to a small bowl.nLet steaks rest a bit to take the chill off. Drizzle extravirgin olive oil over the steaks and season them lightly with steak seasoning. Grill meat on screaming hot grill 3 to 4 minutes on side one, 2 to 3 on side 2 for medium rare doneness. Go a minute longer on each side for medium to medium well doneness.nServe steaks with 2 sauces and BIG MUSSELS., ingredients: [12 cup flatleaf parsley, 2 generous handfuls, 18 cup cilantro leaves, a handful, 5 to 6 sprigs thyme leaves, stripped from stems, 2 cloves garlic, popped from skin, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, eyeball it, 13 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 1 cup tomato sauce, 4 strip steaks, 10 to 12 ounces each, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Grill seasoning, recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick], title: Raise the Steaks: Strip Steaks with Two Sauces, picturelink: null}, 24555: {instructions: Blanch asparagus tips in simmering water, drain and set aside. Poach crab legs in water, white wine and lemon slices for 5 minutes, then shell with a crab cracker and reserve.nIn a shallow dish combine flour, salt and pepper coat pieces of veal. In a saute pan over medium heat, melt 1 tablespoon of butter and fry cutlets 3 minutes each side until golden brown. Remove the veal to a warm platter. Using the same pan, melt remaining butter. Stir in shallots and tarragon. Add olive oil, asparagus and crab. Saute 2 minutes to warm.nTo serve: place asparagus and crab on top of each cutlet. Drizzle each with Bearnaise Sauce. Serve hot.nIn a small saucepan, combine the tarragon, shallots, vinegar and wine over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until reduced by half. Remove from heat and set aside.nPlace a stainless steel bowl in a saucepan containing simmering water, or use a double boiler. Whisk the egg yolks until doubled in volume. Slowly add the melted butter, continue beating until sauce is thickened. Stir in reserved shallot reduction. Season with salt and pepper, set aside wrapped in a warm spot.nServe with Veal Oscar. Yield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus spears, ends trimmed, 1 pound king crab legs, Water, White wine, Lemon slices, 12 cup flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 6 veal cutlets, lightly pounded, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh tarragon, chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Bearnaise Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup fresh tarragon, chopped, 2 shallots, minced, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 14 cup dry white wine, 3 egg yolks, 1 stick butter, melted, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Veal Oscar, picturelink: null}, 24556: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a shaker with ice. Stir gently and strain into a chilled cocktail glass., ingredients: [2 ounces vodka, 1 ounces peppermint schnapps, 12 ounces white creme de cacao], title: Peppermint Pattie, picturelink: null}, 24557: {instructions: Combine 1 12cups water and the sugar in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Stir in the coconut, remove from the heat and let sit for at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours.nStrain the liquid into a clean saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until the mixture is slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Let cool.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 34 cup sweetened flaked coconut], title: Coconut Simple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 24558: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace a large pot of water on to boil for pasta. When it comes to a boil, salt it and add the pasta to cook to al dente. Strain pasta reserving 1 cup cooking liquid.nWhile the water is coming to a boil, in a large mixing bowl combine the chicken, salt and pepper, rosemary, fennel seeds, garlic, crushed red pepper flakes, ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated Parmigiano  a rounded handful, egg and bread crumbs. If the mixture seems too wet, add a handful of bread crumbs and mix together.nForm 8 large round balls, about 3 to 4inches. Coat balls in a couple of tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil and lightly grease a baking sheet with 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil. Arrange balls on the baking sheet and roast 17 to 18 minutes until juices run clear.nDefrost spinach in microwave 8 to 10 minutes on defrost setting depending on the microwave. Place the boxes in a shallow dish to catch any run off.nWhile the meatballs roast, in a medium sauce pot over medium heat, melt butter, whisk in flour, cook 1 minute then whisk in stock and milk, season with salt, pepper and nutmeg and thicken 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in the remaining 1 cup grated Parmigiano and reduce heat on lowest setting.nWring spinach completely dry in clean kitchen towel then separate as you add it to the sauce. Also add the reserved 1 cup pasta cooking liquid.nToss pasta with the spinachwhite sauce and adjust seasonings.nServe Florentine MacnCheese with 2 meatballs per person along side., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound cavatappi corkscrew shaped hallow pasta, 1 12 pounds ground chicken, Black pepper, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves stripped and finely chopped, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 3 cloves garlic, grated, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 1 12 cups grated Parmigiano Reggiano, divided, 1 egg, 34 cup bread crumbs, plus more, if needed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 2 boxes, 10 ounces, chopped frozen spinach, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup whole milk, 18 teaspoon grated nutmeg, eyeball it], title: Florentine Mac and Cheese and Roast Chicken Sausage Meatballs, picturelink: OGR4PkUzYffGS9wOX9VUyA4ryqO4GS}, 24559: {instructions: Melt the butter in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic cook, stirring, until they start softening, about 4 minutes. Add the cauliflower, bay leaf, rosemary, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until the cauliflower starts browning, 5 minutes. Stir in the flour until absorbed, about 1 minute. Add the chicken broth and milk bring to a boil. Reduce the heat simmer until the cauliflower is tender, 30 minutes. Remove the bay leaf.nWorking in batches, transfer the soup to a blender and puree until smooth or puree in the pot with an immersion blender. Return the soup to the pot over medium heat. Stir in the cheese until melted add up to 1 cup water if the soup is too thick.nAdd the sherry season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with nutmeg and serve with cheese straws.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 small head cauliflower, florets chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup milk, 1 12 cups grated white cheddar cheese, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, Freshly grated nutmeg, Cheese straws, for serving], title: CauliflowerCheddar Soup, picturelink: Q1PXa37dZ2au7uigXnqX9f8KEGssbJC}, 24560: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter an 8inchsquare baking pan and line with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on all sides butter the foil.nMix the applesauce, raisins, lemon zest and cinnamon in a bowl set aside. Whisk the melted butter, milk and egg yolks in a shallow dish.nDip half of the bread slices in the egg mixture and layer in the prepared pan, trimming as needed. Spread the applesauce mixture over the bread. Dip the remaining bread slices in the egg mixture and layer on top. Bake until the egg mixture is set and the bread is golden, about 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, beat the egg whites and confectioners sugar in a bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form. Spread the apricot preserves on top of the cake. Spread the eggwhite mixture on top of the preserves, forming peaks with the back of a spoon. Return to the oven until the meringue is golden, 5 to 7 minutes.nLet the cake cool in the pan, about 1 hour. Lift out of the pan using the foil and slice into squares., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pan, 2 12cups chunky applesauce, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup milk, 2 large eggs, separated, 1 1pound loaf sliced wholewheat or cinnamonraisin bread, crusts removed, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 34 cup apricot preserves], title: AppleBread Pudding Cake, picturelink: yYMNr7wH6zdvyqDuBqkehVyxamkiVay}, 24561: {instructions: Special equipment: Cataplana pot 15inches across, or a large heavy Dutch oven type of kettlenMeanwhile, prepare the sauce: Cook the onions, garlic, and green peppers in the oil in a large heavy skillet over moderate heat for 8 to 10 minutes, or until limp and golden. Add the bay leaf, tomatoes, and their juice. Break up any large clumps of tomatoes, bring mixture to a simmer, cover and cook slowly for 30 minutes add the tomato sauce, prosciutto, smoked ham, and chourico cover, and cook 30 minutes longer. The sauce can be made as much as 2 days ahead of time but do not buy the clams until the day you plan to serve the cataplana. The sauce should be covered and refrigerated until you are ready to proceed.nTo assemble the cataplana: Spoon 12 the tomato mixture into the bottom of a very large cataplana pot, and bring to a simmer over moderate heat. Adjust the heat so that the mixture barely boils, arrange the clams on top, spoon in the remaining tomato sauce and wine, cover tightly, cook 10 minutes over moderately low heat, do not lift cover. Open the cataplana or kettle, scatter the parsley evenly on top, and then toss the clams lightly. If clams have not opened, cover and cook slowly for 5 to 10 minutes longer or until the clams open. Discard any that do not.nCarry the cataplana or kettle to the table, take off lid, and ladle into large soup plates. Cooks note: Types of small clams to use are West Coast butter clams or small Littleneck clams. Also, be sure to put out a large bowl for empty clamshells., ingredients: [3 medium Spanish onions, peeled and sliced thin, 3 large garlic cloves, peeled and minced, 2 large sweet green bell peppers, cored, seeded, and cut in thin strips, 14 cup olive oil, 1 large dried bay leaf, crumbled, 1 16ounce can waterpacked tomatoes do not drain, 1 6ounce can tomato sauce, 2 ounces lean prosciutto, cut into small dice, 14 pound lean smoked ham, cut into small dice, 14 pound chourico, chorizo, or pepperoni, cut into small dice, 4 dozen uniformly small clams in the shell, scrubbed clean, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Accompaniment: Pao or other rough country bread], title: Clams in a Cataplana Casa Velha, picturelink: null}, 24562: {instructions: In a bowl with a fork mash together yolk and vinegar to form a smooth paste and stir in sour cream until smooth.nIn a blender puree cucumber and mint with buttermilk and salt to taste until smooth. Add puree to sour cream mixture in a stream, whisking.nDivide soup between 2 chilled bowls., ingredients: [1 hardboiled large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 12 cup chilled sour cream, 1 chilled seedless cucumber about 1 pound, peeled, halved lengthwise, cored, and cut into 12 inch pieces, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, washed and spun dry, 12 cup chilled wellshaken buttermilk], title: Cold Cucumber Soup with Mint, picturelink: null}, 24563: {instructions: Special equipment: pasta rollernFor the filling:nCombine all the ingredients. Put it in a pastry bag and reserve until ready to use.nTo roll the pasta:nSet the pasta roller on the widest setting. Start with half the pasta dough. Using your hands flatten the dough as much as you can to facilitate it going through the pasta roller. Run the dough through the roller dusting it twice with flour in between rolls if it feels sticky. Fold it into thirds, turn it 90 degrees and run it through the pasta machine 2 to 3 times. Continue to run the pasta through the machine reducing the setting in between each run, stop when you get to the second to last setting. Always hold the pasta on the tops of your handspalms down If you hold it with fingers up you will create stretch marks  and those are never good.nTo assemble the ravioli:nBrush the lower half of the pasta the part that is closest to you lightly with water. This is the glue that will hold the ravioli together. Use the water sparingly, if you use too much it will slide and not stick. Pipe 1 inch balls of filling onto the pasta that has been brushed with water, leaving about 2 inches in between each filling ball. Fold the top half of the pasta over the pasta balls to meet the bottom edge. Using your two index fingers poke around each filling ball to seal the ravioli shut, make sure there are no air bubbles. Using a fluted round cutter cut out each ravioli. Transfer to a sheet tray coated with semolina or polenta. Reserve until ready to use.nTo make the sauce:nCoat a large saute pan with extra virgin olive oil. Add the pancetta and garlic and bring to medium high heat. When the garlic is light brown and aromatic remove it from the pan and discard it. When the pancetta is crispy add the mushrooms, season with salt and saute until they are soft and wilted. Add the chicken stock, season with salt and cook until it has reduced by half. Add the butter, shake the pan frequently and cook until the saute thickens and looks velvety. Taste for seasoning and add salt if needed.nBring a large pot of well salted water to a boil. Add the ravioli and cook for 34 minutes. Carefully remove the ravioli from the water and immediately put in the saute pan with the sauce. Bring to a boil shaking the pan frequently. Reserve about two tablespoons of grated parmigiano and sprinkle the rest into the sauce, stirring to combine.nPlate the ravioli, sprinkle with a little more grated parm and the chopped chives.nMangia benenTo make the pasta dough: In an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour and salt. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and continue to mix. Drizzle in 1 tablespoons of the olive oil and continue to incorporate all the flour until it forms a ball. Sprinkle some flour on work surface, knead and fold the dough until elastic and smooth, this should take about 10 minutes. Brush the surface with the remaining olive oil and wrap the dough in plastic wrap let rest for about 30 minutes to allow the gluten to relax.nAlternatively if you dont have an electric mixer: Combine the flour and salt on a flat work surface shape into a mound and make a well in the center. Add the eggs and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil to the well and lightly beat with a fork. Gradually draw in the flour from the inside wall of the well in a circular motion. Use 1 hand for mixing and the other to protect the outer wall. Continue to incorporate all the flour until it forms a ball. Continue as directed above.nCut the ball of dough in 12, cover and reserve the piece you are not immediately using to prevent it from drying out. Dust the counter and dough with a little flour. Press the dough into a rectangle and roll it through a pasta machine, 2 or 3 times, at widest setting. Pull and stretch the sheet of dough with the palm of your hand as it emerges from the rollers. Reduce the setting and crank the dough through again, 2 or 3 times. Continue tightening until the machine is at the narrowest setting the dough should be paperthin, about 18inch thick you should be able to see your hand through it.. Dust the sheets of dough with flour as needed.nBeat 1 egg with 1 tablespoon of water to make an egg wash. Dust the counter and sheet of dough with flour, lay out the long sheet of pasta, and brush the top surface with the egg wash, which acts as a glue. Drop tablespoons of your favorite filling on 12 of the pasta sheet, about 2inches apart. Fold the other 12 over the filling like a blanket. With an espresso cup or fingers, gently press out air pockets around each mound of filling. Use a sharp knife to cut each pillow into squares and crimp the 4 edges with the tins of a fork to make a tight seal. Dust the ravioli and a sheet pan with cornmeal to prevent the pasta from sticking and lay them out to dry slightly while assembling the rest.nCook the ravioli in plenty of boiling salted water for 4 minutes theyll float to the top when ready, so be careful not to overcrowd the pot. Lift the ravioli from water with a large strainer or slotted spoon. Bath the ravioli in your favorite sauce to lightly coat and serve., ingredients: [2 cups sheep milk ricotta cheese, 1 cup taleggio, cut into small dice, 3 eggs, 12 cup parmigiano, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley, Kosher salt, 1 recipe allpurpose Pasta Dough for Ravioli, recipe follows, Extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup diced pancetta, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 cup each shiitake, oyster and cremini mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, 1 12 cup chicken stock, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup grated parmigiano, 14 cup chopped chives, Kosher salt, to taste, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, plus 1 for egg wash, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Cornmeal, for dusting], title: Sheeps Milk Ricotta and Taleggio Ravioli with Wild Mushroom and Pancetta Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24564: {instructions: Special equipment: two 12cup muffin tins a piping bag fitted with a star tipnFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin tins with paper liners.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. In another bowl, whisk together 1 cup water and the oil, eggs and vanilla until well blended. Pour the egg mixture into the flour mixture and stir until just incorporated.nDivide the batter evenly between the prepared muffin cups. Bake until a wooden pick inserted into the center of the cupcakes comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes in the tins for 5 minutes, then remove from the tins and cool completely on a wire cooling rack.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter until soft and fluffy. Gradually add the confectioners sugar, beating until smooth. Beat in the vanilla. Add 1 tablespoon water beat to the desired consistency. Remove half of the frosting to a bowl. To the remaining half, add the red food coloring and strawberry preserves beat until incorporated.nFit a piping bag with a star tip. Set the bag, tipside down, in a large cup and fill with both frostings, keeping each color separate in one half of the bag. Pipe the frosting onto the cupcakes., ingredients: [2 13 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 23 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 5 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, A few drops red food coloring, 3 tablespoons strawberry preserves], title: Chocolate Cupcakes with Neapolitan Frosting, picturelink: oyKy4gBBzT6kX0BWlsTP6AtuIHxc42S}, 24565: {instructions: Cover the beans with water and soak overnight. The next day, drain the beans and place in a large saucepan with garlic. Add water and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer, add eggs in their shells, the juice of the lemon and salt and pepper to taste. Cook the beans for 12 hours, or until tender, checking occasionally and adding water if needed. Into each individual bowl, place 1 tablespoon chopped scallion, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 tablespoon lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste. Peel the eggs and place one in each bowl. Peel the eggs and place one in each bowl. Spoon in the ful. Serve with Egyptian pickles and toasted pita., ingredients: [1 pound dried Egyptian fava beans, 1 head garlic, cut in half, 7 cups of water, 6 eggs, Juice of one lemon, Salt and pepper to taste, 6 tablespoons chopped scallion, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 6 bowls], title: Ful Medames, picturelink: null}, 24566: {instructions: Mix all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to tastenPreheat grill to high. Combine shrimp and bbq sauce in a large bowl, cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Remove shrimp from sauce, season with salt and pepper and grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, or until cooked through. Place shrimp on a platter and drizzle with the creme fraiche, ingredients: [2 cups creme fraiche, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup finely diced red onions, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup finely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste., 48 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 2 cups Mesa BBQ Sauce, or your favorite, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Bbq Soaked Shrimp with Creme Fraiche Dressing, picturelink: null}, 24567: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and whisk until soft peaks form.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy cream, very cold, 14 cup cream of coconut, such as Coco Lopez, 2 tablespoons confectioners or granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon coconut rum, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Coconut Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 24568: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the sausage, cheese and baking mix and beat on low speed until blended. Add pepper to taste. Shape the mixture into 1inch balls and place them 1 inch apart on an ungreased cookies sheet. Bake until browned, about 20 minutes.nDrain on paper towels, sprinkle with salt and serve hot, warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound spicy pork sausage, such as Jimmy Dean, 10 ounces Cheddar cheese, grated, 3 cups baking mix, such as Bisquick, or selfrising flour, Kosher salt and pepper], title: Sausage Hors dOeuvres, picturelink: NfYk2tbqK1PSNyVpexEVizkzBRGhu.}, 24569: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDice 4 whole eggs and 4 egg whites and put into a small bowl. Add the mayonnaise and mustard and stir with a fork, mashing somewhat for desired consistency. Stir in chives and season with salt and pepper. Place wrap bread on a plate and spread the egg salad in the middle. Top with the peppers, onion slices and the lettuce. Fold into a wrap sandwich., ingredients: [8 hard boiled eggs, 4 teaspoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh chives, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, 4 pieces wholewheat wrap bread 9 inches in diameter, 1 red bell pepper, cut into strips, 12 thin slices red onion, 8 leaves romaine lettuce, torn into pieces about 12 cup], title: L.O.V.E. Wrap Sandwich Lettuce, Onion, Vegetable, Egg Salad, picturelink: UgYBzcIKThBzxWxfg1mQWSjxZuvLES}, 24570: {instructions: In a food processor, process pumpkin and chickpeas until fairly smooth. Add remaining ingredients to food processor and process until smooth. Season to taste. Serve with pita chips., ingredients: [1 12 cups canned pumpkin puree, 1 12 cups canned chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 3 tablespoons tahini, sesame paste, 1 clove garlic, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon cumin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and pepper], title: Spicy Pumpkin Dip, picturelink: null}, 24571: {instructions: In a medium, heavybottomed saucepan, combine the milk and sugar. Stir thoroughly to blend.nPlace the milk over medium heat and bring it to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer gently, stirring from time to time. The milk and sugar will become thin and then eventually simmer back together and turn a light brown color. Continue to cook, stirring from time to time, until it the sauce is golden brown. This whole process takes about 25 to 35 minutes. Transfer to a bowl or jar to cool., ingredients: [1 pint whole milk, 17 ounces granulated sugar], title: Homemade Dulce de Leche, picturelink: null}, 24572: {instructions: Combine ingredients for marinade in a large pot or bowl. Add the chicken and enough water to cover. Set in refrigerator overnight.nPlace chicken on cooking rack. Pour marinade over chicken and rub dry seasoning mix of choice inside and out of chicken. Place chicken into brown grocers bag. Set oven rack on lowest position.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cook for 1 12 hours or until cooked through and juices run clear.nIn a bowl, mix ingredients for Orange Sauce. Serve drizzled over chicken, and on the side as a dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, 1 can orange concentrate, 3 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon peppercorns, 12 cup dry rub seasoning mix, 3 cups orange juice, 3 lemons, juiced, 1 lime, juiced, 3 teaspoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons honey recommended: orange blossom variety], title: Citrus Chicken in a Brown Paper Bag, picturelink: null}, 24573: {instructions: Peel, core and cut the apples into small chips. Put all the ingredients into a slow cooker and stir. Cover and cook on low overnight, about 8 to 10 hours. Remove the cover, stir and taste. Add more spices or sugar, if desired. Continue cooking for a few more hours, uncovered, until some of the liquid is reduced and the butter has cooked down a bit. Pour into sterilized jars and refrigerate.nServe over hot biscuits, toast, scones, or just eat it out of the jar if no one is looking, ingredients: [3 pounds Granny Smith apples, 2 3pound50ounce jars unsweetened applesauce, 4 cups sugar, 1 12 cups apple juice, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground allspice], title: Slow Cooker Apple Butter Recipe, picturelink: O3seURR.kbS8tHw92sdX6rp6B9fdyq}, 24574: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPat the pork dry with a paper towel and rub 3 tablespoons of jerk seasoning on the meat. Let marinate for 45 minutes at room temperature, covered.nAfter 45 minutes have passed, rub the meat with the olive oil, put on a baking sheet, and bake for 45 minutes. Let rest for 10 minutes.nOn another baking sheet, roast the bananas until they begin to caramelize, about 25 minutes. Set aside and let cool.nIn a bowl, combine the mango, jalapeno, red onion, lime juice, cilantro, and bananas., ingredients: [3 pounds boneless pork loin, 3 tablespoons dry Jamaican jerk seasoning, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 bananas, peeled and sliced, 2 mangos, peeled and diced, 1 jalapeno, seeds removed, finely chopped, 12 red onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Grilled Jamaican Jerk Boneless Pork with Roasted Banana Mango Salsa, picturelink: yjiCezt8q1YYbQAhyND7yp5nYycVju}, 24575: {instructions: Peel, core and julienne pears. Saute over medium heat in butter and sugars. Add bourbon and saute until pears are caramelized. Serve with lamb lollipops., ingredients: [2 Bartlett pears, julienned, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, I teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 3 teaspoons bourbon], title: Caramelized Pears, picturelink: null}, 24576: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the steak: Begin with setting up an assembly line of dishes. Mix the milk with the eggs in one the flour mixed with the seasoned salt, 1 12 teaspoons black pepper, paprika and cayenne in another and the meat in a third. Then have one clean plate at the end to receive the breaded meat.nWork with one piece of meat at a time. Sprinkle both sides with kosher salt and black pepper, then place it in the flour mixture. Turn to coat. Place the meat into the milkegg mixture, turning to coat. Finally, place it back in the flour and turn to coat dry mixturewet mixturedry mixture. Place the breaded meat on the clean plate, then repeat with the remaining meat.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the butter. Drop in a few sprinkles of flour to make sure its sufficiently hot. When the butter sizzles immediately, you know its ready. It should not brown right away, if it does, the fire is too hot. Cook the meat, 3 pieces at a time, until the edges start to look golden brown, about 2 minutes each side. Remove the meat to a paper towellined plate and keep them warm by covering lightly with another plate or a sheet of foil. Repeat until all the meat is cooked.nAfter all the meat is fried, pour off the grease into a heatproof bowl. Without cleaning the skillet, return it to the stove over mediumlow heat. Add 14 cup of the grease back to the skillet and allow it to heat up.nFor the gravy: When the grease is hot, sprinkle the flour evenly over the grease. Using a whisk, mix the flour with the grease, creating a goldenbrown paste. Add more flour if it looks overly greasy add a little more grease if it becomes too pastyclumpy. Keep cooking until the roux reaches a deep golden brown color.nPour in the milk, whisking constantly. Add the seasoned salt and black pepper to taste and cook, whisking, until the gravy is smooth and thick, 5 to 10 minutes. Be prepared to add more milk if it becomes overly thick. Be sure to taste to make sure gravy is sufficiently seasoned.nServe the meat next to a big side of mashed potatoes. Pour gravy over the whole shebang, ingredients: [1 12 cups whole milk, 2 large eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons seasoned salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 34 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 pounds cube steak tenderized round steak thats been extra tenderized, Kosher salt, 12 cup canola or vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 3 to 4 cups whole milk, 12 teaspoon seasoned salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Mashed potatoes, for serving], title: Chicken Fried Steak with Gravy, picturelink: bFXA7GiOba6n6wq45oAGG7Oseg8HHS.}, 24577: {instructions: In a large stockpot, bring 10 gallons of water to a full boil. Add seasonings and bring water back to a full boil. Add crawfish, and bring back to a full boil. Once crawfish return to full boil, turn off fire, and add 1 gallon of the chilled After Boil Ingredients. Soak for 35 minutes, and then they are ready to eat.nIn a large pot, combine 1 gallon water with garlic, onions, celery, and lemons. Bring to a full boil for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and chill., ingredients: [3 cups cayenne pepper, 1 12 cups ground crab boil, 5 cups salt, 1 sack crawfish 40 to 45 pounds, 1 gallon chilled After Boil Ingredients, recipe follows, 1 gallon water, 4 whole heads garlic, 2 large onions, 12 stalk celery, 5 lemons], title: Famous Louisiana Boiled Crawfish, picturelink: 4FniDSHaG4CScBnzVCZayi8z.3WLGDG}, 24578: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the butter. Allow butter to brown for 1 to 2 minutes and then add the sage. Add the shallot and garlic and cook until softened, about 2 to 3 minutes Add the bread and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the broth, bouillon and poultry seasoning and combine well. Remove from heat. Dollop small pieces of the bread stuffing onto a small cookie sheet lined with parchment. Put in the oven to dry out and develop a toasty texture, about 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside.nRoll out the pie dough on a lightly floured surface. Using a 3inch biscuit cutter, punch out rounds of dough. Should get 6 per dough round. Mold the pie dough rounds into a lightly sprayed mini muffin pan using a shot glass to press the dough into the tins. Pierce each molded dough round several times with a fork, being sure to get the sides pierced as well. Bake until lightly browned, about 6 to 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside.nLower the oven to 325 degrees F. In a large measuring cup, beat the eggs and halfandhalf with a whisk until well combined. Add the chives, salt, and pepper. Mix well. Put a few croutons of stuffing in each baked pie shells and top with a few crumbles of goat cheese. Pour the quiche mixture into each shell. It is fine if the egg leaks out of the shell. Bake the mini quiches until the eggs set, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove them from the oven and arrange them on a serving platter. Serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 cups small diced focaccia bread, 14 cup chicken broth, Pinch chicken bouillon, Pinch poultry seasoning, 2 packages storebought pie dough, 5 eggs, 2 cups halfandhalf, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 34 cup goat cheese recommended: Chevre], title: Mini Quiche with Thanksgiving, picturelink: tHHjzcPBLsQx4EabW63Nn4j3WiU.WEe}, 24579: {instructions: For the Filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the cranberries in a buttered, 10inch pie plate. Toss the sugar and walnuts over the berries.nFor the Topping: Cream the eggs and the butter with the sugar. Add the flour and almond extract to the mixture, lightly tossing with a fork.nPour the topping over the cranberry mixture and bake for 35 to 40 minutes. Serve warm with whipped cream., ingredients: [Butter, to grease the pie plate, 2 cups fresh or frozen cranberries, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup walnuts, chopped, 2 eggs, 34 cup butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup flour, 1 teaspoon almond extract], title: Nantucket Cranberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 24580: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and kale, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until wilted. Set aside to cool.nOnce the mixture has cooled, add to a food processor and process until very smooth. Add a little water, if necessary, to help make a smooth mixture.nIn another large pot, bring 5 cups of water and 2 cups heavy cream to a boil over medium heat. Whisk in the polenta and stir constantly until the polenta is creamy, about 20 minutes. If the mixture becomes too thick, add a little more water or cream.nStir in the butter and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Fold in the kale and the Parmesan and adjust the seasoning, if necessary. Turn out into a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 bunch kale, stems removed and cut into 12inch strips, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 5 cups water, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 1 12 cups polenta, 6 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Green Polenta, picturelink: null}, 24581: {instructions: Add DeKuyperu00ae Peachtree Schnapps to pilsner glass  top with chilled wheat beer. Stir gently  garnish with peach slice optional.nDrink smartu00aenDeKuyperu00ae Cordials  Liqueurs, 1550 ALC.VOL. u00a92012 John DeKuyper  Son, Frankfort  Clermont, KYnSauzau00ae Tequila, 40 ALC.VOL. u00a92011 Sauza Tequila Import Company, Deerfield, IL, ingredients: [1 part DeKuyperu00ae Peachtree, 3 parts wheat beer], title: Peachy Beer Cocktail, picturelink: bGxEXFLnuDm0bcwr.4WXWw1PlPOJ3xG}, 24582: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the meatballs: Preheat the oven to broil. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs, Romano, parsley, garlic, and some salt and pepper until it is all incorporated. Add in the ground meats and breadcrumbs and, using your Godgiven hands, get after it and mix away. Do not overwork the meat or it will turn meatloafy. You want it loose and supple. Using your hands again, make 4 loose patties to match the size of your bread. The mixture will form at least 10 patties, depending on how big your buns are. But I like to make some patties for sandwiches and then roll the rest to make meatballs, which I then freeze so I have meatballs at the ready. Heat some oil in a large, heavybottomed castiron pan or use a griddle pan over medium heat. In batches, fry the patties until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side. For the sandwich build: Place 1 slice of cheese on each side of the buns and broil in the oven until the cheese is brown and bubbly, 1 to 2 minutes, but keep watch On the cheesy buns, add the patties, spoon over some marinara, top with some pepper slices and pile on some giardiniera. Then eat the hell out of them. Serve with more marinara sauce on the side., ingredients: [5 large eggs, 1 12 cups grated Pecorino Romano, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 pounds ground chuck, 1 pound ground pork, 1 pound ground veal if you dont like veal, just use more beef, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, Olive oil, for frying, 4 ciabatta buns, split, 1 jar your favorite marinara sauce, warmed, 1 jar roasted red peppers, sliced into strips, 1 cup Homemade Hot Giardiniera, roughly chopped or storebought, 8 slices provolone], title: Fried Meatball Sandwich with Giardiniera, picturelink: AP.cJV1dkStIqrcnPz9UwzC08HSe1ZK}, 24583: {instructions: Toast the cereal in a large dry skillet over mediumhigh heat, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl set aside. Add the corn to the skillet and cook until just warmed through, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl.nWarm the grains as the label directs and fluff with a fork. Add to the corn along with the beans, tomatoes, scallions, cilantro, lime juice and half each of the sprouts and goat cheese. Add the sesame oil, 2 tablespoons water, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and toss until combined. Stir in half of the toasted cereal and season with salt and pepper. Top each serving of the salad with the remaining goat cheese, toasted cereal and sprouts.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 cup unsweetened puffed millet or puffed rice cereal, 1 cup frozen fireroasted corn, thawed, 1 13ounce bag frozen mixed grains or 1 12 cups cooked brown rice, 1 14ounce can adzuki beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Juice of 2 limes, 1 4ounce container sprouts, bottoms trimmed, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese about 3 ounces, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: California Grain Salad, picturelink: q7MI2H.LRJZQxuHHtlVU2y.1CGFwgs2}, 24584: {instructions: Place asparagus in a medium pot filled with boiling salted water for 40 seconds. Remove asparagus and serve with sea bass., ingredients: [12 pound asparagus, Salt, Water], title: Blanched Asparagus, picturelink: 35BzHES5JK5uOLKBCjTwv5qUNy5WkW}, 24585: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. Stuff 1 tablespoon of crab mixture into each prawn. Place prawns on sheet pan with 2 ounces in water on pan. Cook for approximately 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring vinaigrette to a boil. Add cucumbers until slightly wilted. Remove from pan and keep warm. Add peppers, ginger, shallot and garlic and reduce sauce slightly. Add mint and cilantro.nPlace cucumber julienne in center of plate. Add prawns in center. Top each prawn with 1 tablespoon of hollandaise. Finish by spooning vinaigrette around plate., ingredients: [16 Spot prawns, butterflied, shell on, 2 pounds Crabcake mix recipe to follow, 1 quart hot and sour vinaigrette recipe to follow, 3 English cucumbers, junlianned and seeds removed, 1 red pepper, bruniose, 1 yellow pepper, bruniose, 1 green pepper, bruniose, 1 tablespoon ginger, chopped, 1 teaspoon shallot, chopped, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons mint, chopped, 2 tablespoons cilantro, chopped, 1 quart Hollandaise recipe to follow], title: Roasted Spot Prawns, picturelink: null}, 24586: {instructions: Marinade: Combine the juices along with the syrup in a resealable plastic bag. Add the ribs, seal the bag and let marinate, overnight, in the refrigerator.nApply the Worcestershire sauce generously over the ribs. Allow the sauce to penetrate the meat for 20 minutes, then remove the excess sauce from the ribs.nIn a large bowl, combine the remaining rub ingredients and generously cover the ribs on both sides. Finally, put the ribs in a resealable plastic bag and refrigerate for 24 hours.nPut the ribs on a preheated charcoal grill with a temperature of 300 degrees F. Close the grill lid and lower the temperature to 250 degrees F. Grill the ribs on both sides for 30 minutes. The ribs will be done when you see the bones pull back at least 12inch and clear juices are present Transfer the ribs to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [4 baby back rib racks 12 pounds52 ribs total, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup apple juice, 2 cups mandarin orange syrup, 1 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup garlic powder, 1 cup onion powder, 1 cup celery powder, 1 cup cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1 box brown sugar, 1 cup paprika], title: Taylor Made Ribs, picturelink: null}, 24587: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo prepare the pork: Place cumin seeds, red pepper flakes and peppercorns in a spice grinder and grind into a fine powder. Place in a small bowl and mix in garlic powder and salt. Rub mixture all over pork. Let sit at room temperature, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, toss potatoes with rosemary, oil and salt. In a small saucepan, bring sugar, vinegar and orange juice to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer and continue cooking Sweet and Sour Sauce until it reduces by half, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat, swirl in butter and keep warm before using.nIn a 13inch cast iron skillet, heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. When pan is smoking hot, add pork and sear on both sides. Add potatoes and place in the oven until pork is cooked through and potatoes are tender, about 40 minutes.nServe pork chops with rosemary potatoes and drizzled with the Sweet and Sour Sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 12 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 3pound pork roast, cut into 4 steaks, 2inches thick, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 russet potatoes, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 sprigs rosemary, stripped, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Spicy Pork Roast with Rosemary Potatoes, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 24588: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic to the pan and cook until the onion is translucent. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste. Add the rice, stirring to coat the grains in the oil. Pour in the water, and stir to separate the rice. Bring the ingredients to a boil, and at this point, reduce the heat to a simmer, and place a lid over the pot. Cook the rice until tender, about 15 minutes.nAdd the black eyed peas to the pot 5 minutes before the end of the cooking process.nTransfer the finished dish to a bowl, let it cool slightly, and garnish with the mint., ingredients: [1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 red onion core, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups parboiled long grain rice, 2 14 cups water, 1 15ounce can black eyed peas, rinsed and drained, Bunch fresh mint, stemmed], title: Black Eyed Peas with Rice, picturelink: null}, 24589: {instructions: Place the butter in a small pot over medium heat. Melt the butter and toast the pasta 2 to 3 minutes or until golden in color, add the rice and stir to coat. Add 1 cup stock to the pot and bring the mixture to a bubble, reduce the heat to low, cover the pot and cook 15 minutes. Stir in parsley turn off the heat and cover. Let stand to cool. Fluff the rice with a fork then place in container and store in the refrigerator.nMeanwhile, place the rinsed trimmed chicken pieces in a shallow pan with the onion and bay leaves and cover with just enough water to come up to the top of the chicken, bring the mixture to a boil and reduce the heat to a simmer and gently poach to cook through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Place the chicken in a bowl and shred the meat with 2 forks. Reserve the stock.nWhile the chicken poaches start the soup by heating a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat with a turn of the pan extravirgin olive oil, add the chorizo and brown a couple of minutes. Add the onions, carrot, celery, chile, garlic, and piquillos to the pot and season with a little salt and some black pepper. Cook for 7 to 8 minutes to soften, then stir in the saffron threads and paprika to combine. Strain the chicken cooking liquids, about 2 cups, into the pot then add 3 cups stockinabox, chicken, chorizo, and tomatoes. Bring the soup to a bubble, simmer a few minutes to combine flavors then cool completely, cover and place in the refrigerator for makeahead meal.nTo reheat and serve, place the soup over medium to mediumhigh heat covered, stirring occasionally until heated through. Add the rice to the soup and return the soup to a bubble. Serve in shallow bowls., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup broken vermicelli or thin spaghetti, 1 inch pieces, 12 cup longgrain white rice, 1 quart chicken stock, 2 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast, rinsed, 1 small white or yellow onion, peeled and halved, 2 tablespoons fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, finely chopped, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 5 ounces Spanish chorizo, chopped or crumbled, casing removed recommended: Gaspars or Trois Petit Cochons, 1 large Spanish yellow onion, chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, Few ribs celery from the heart, chopped, 1 red chile pepper, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, chopped or very thinly sliced, 14 to 13 cup diced piquillo pepper or drained pimiento peppers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch saffron threads about 20, 1 12 teaspoons smoked sweet or sweet paprika, 1 15ounce can fireroasted diced or crushed tomatoes or 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes with green chilies], title: Spanish Chicken and Rice Soup, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 24590: {instructions: Place the lemon juice, garlic, shallots, salt and pepper in a medium bowl, whisk to combine. Add olive oil in a steady stream while whisking to emulsify vinaigrette. Finish seasoning with salt and pepper to taste.nPlace couscous in a large bowl. Combine water, harissa, parsley, cilantro, salt and pepper in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Pour the spiced, boiled water over the couscous and cover with saran wrap for 20 minutes. Fluff couscous with a fork.nToss the crab, avocado, sumac, peppers, Serrano chili, couscous, and 12 cup lemon vinaigrette in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste.nIn a separate bowl, toss the watercress and julienned tomatoes with a 12 cup of the lemon vinaigrette.nPlace 12 cup Sumac Couscous Salad in the center of a plate. Mound about 13 cup of the watercress mixture on top of the couscous. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Lemon Vinaigrette recipe follows, 1 oz. harissa, 14 oz. Italian parsley, minced, 1 oz. cilantro, minced, salt  pepper to taste, 13 oz. diced Fresh California Avocado, 8 oz. fresh Dungeness crab meat, 14 oz. sumac, 2 oz. sweet peppers, diced, 16 oz. water, 6 12 oz. couscous, Sumac Couscous Salad recipe follows, 2 large 8 oz. tomatoes, blanched, seeded, and julienned, 2 oz. watercress, 2 oz. lemon juice, 14 oz. garlic, minced, 1 oz. shallot, minced, 8 oz. olive oil, 1 tsp. Serrano chili], title: Sumac Couscous Salad With Dungeness Crab And California Avocado, picturelink: Pw1okncLM7G8VKY6A8ypVwaHNMT.MA2}, 24591: {instructions: Special equipment: 13 by 9inch ovenproof casserole dishnPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSteam fresh spinach for 5 minutes or thaw frozen spinach completely. Drain spinach thoroughly, squeezing out as much liquid as possible. Add nutmeg and lemon juice to the cooked spinach and set aside.nIn a large pot add chopped carrots, celery, onion, white wine, water, and bouquet garni. Bring liquid to a boil, lower the heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Add fish to the top of the simmering liquid and poach for no more than 5 minutes or until the fish becomes opaque.nRemove the cod from the poaching liquid. Strain and discard the vegetables. Reserve 2 cups of the strained poaching liquid and return to the pot and bring to a simmer.nWhisk the cornstarch into approximately 3 to 4 teaspoons of cold water to make a slurry. Add to the poaching liquid. Bring the poaching liquid and cornstarch mixture to a boil. Stir the mixture until desired thickness.nAdd the cheddar to the thickened mixture. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPeel and cube potatoes. Place in a small saucepan and cover with salted water. Boil approximately 15 minutes, or until fork tender. Drain, reserving a bit of the liquid with the potatoes, and mash potatoes to smooth, but not pasty consistency. Add roasted garlic, salt and pepper, to taste.nOil a 13 by 9inch ovenproof casserole dish. Place the spinach on the bottom of the casserole dish. Place the cod over the spinach. Spread the cheese sauce evenly over the fish layer. Top with all of the warm mashed potatoes that will comfortably fit in the dish. Add more grated white cheddar, as desired.nBake uncovered in a preheated 400 degrees F oven for approximately 40 minutes or until the cheese and mashed potatoes are golden brown. Remove from oven, and allow to stand for approximately 10 to 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 pounds fresh or 2 packages frozen spinach, chopped, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 lemon, juiced, 3 whole carrots, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 2 yellow onions, chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 quarts water, Bouquet garni parsley, oregano and marjoram sprigs, 24 ounces cod fillet, cleaned, 4 teaspoons corn flour, or cornstarch, 8ounces white sharp cheddar, 6 large potatoes, 3 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves fresh roasted garlic, 12 cup heavy cream, Oil, for greasing the casserole, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Fishermans Pie, picturelink: null}, 24592: {instructions: Heat olive oil in 12inch skillet over medium heat and cook garlic until golden, about 1 minute. Stir in beans and Sauce and cook 5 minutes or until heated through. Cool bean mixture slightly. In food processor or blender, process bean mixture with parsley until smooth. Season, if desired, with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Serve, if desired, with sliced Italian bread or crackers., ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 cans 19 oz. ea. cannellini or white kidney beans, drained, 1 cup Bertolliu00ae Vidalia Onion with Roasted Garlic Sauce, 2 Tbsp. finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Warm Mediterranean Olive Bean Spread, picturelink: null}, 24593: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the broiler to high. Arrange the poblanos on a sheet pan, put them under the hot broiler and char until blackened an all sides, 10 to 12 minutes. Leave the door of the oven cracked to allow the steam to escape. Peppers can also be easily charred over and open stovetop flame if you have gas burners. Put the peppers in a bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Allow the peppers to sit until cool enough to handle. Peel and seed the peppers.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the jalapeno, onions, and garlic and cook until the onions soften, about 5 minutes. Put the tomatillos and a small handful of cilantro in a food processor. Coarsely chop the poblanos and add them to the processor. Process until almost a smooth sauce forms, about 1 minute. Pour the sauce into the skillet and stir to combine. Stir in the cumin, honey and stock, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Reduce the heat and simmer about 20 minutes, then add the lime juice and turn off the heat.nPour a thin layer of sauce into the bottom of a medium casserole. Layer in 3 flour tortillas or 4 corn tortillas then top with some shredded chicken, dot with some sauce and small spoonfuls of Mexican crema, creme fraiche or sour cream and sprinkle with a little Swiss and Jack cheeses. Repeat twice more. Cool and chill for a makeahead meal.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the casserole on a baking sheet and bake until heated through and bubbly on top, about 40 to 50 minutes. The baking sheet will catch any drips of sauce or cheese. Garnish the stacked enchilada casserole with raw red onion rings and serve., ingredients: [4 medium poblano peppers, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 jalapeno, chopped, 2 medium onions, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 mediumlarge tomatillos, peeled, rinsed and quartered, 2 small handfuls cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 13 palmful, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 quart chicken stockinabox, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lime, juiced, 2 pounds cooked chicken, meat pulled or shredded, 12 6inch flour tortillas or 16 5inch corn tortillas, softened over flame or dry skillet, 1 cup Mexican crema, creme fraiche or sour cream, 1 12 cups shredded Swiss cheese from about 12 pound piece, 1 12 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese from about 12 pound piece, Raw red onion rings, for garnish], title: Roast Chicken Enchilada Suizas Stacked Casserole, picturelink: qbasS7vhRNudxbnkAW7uqtXrol0W}, 24594: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the chicken into 12inch pieces and season all over with salt, to taste, and the fivespice powder.nIn a large saute pan with high sides over mediumhigh heat, add the peanut oil.nWhen the oil is hot, add the whole garlic cloves and chile and saute until they are just starting to blacken. Remove and discard the garlic and chile, leaving the flavored oil.nAdd the chicken to the pan and saute until golden but not cooked through. Stir in the bok choy and carrots and saute for 1 minute.nStir in the mirin and cook for 30 seconds, then add the soy sauce and chicken stock and heat through. Ladle the soup into large, wide bowls and garnish with the chopped cilantro., ingredients: [3 boneless and skinless chicken thighs, Salt, 1 12 tablespoons fivespice powder, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 garlic cloves, 1 chile de arbol, 1 head bok choy, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 carrot, peeled and shredded, 14 cup mirin, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 3 cups chicken stock, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves], title: Chicken StirFry Soup, picturelink: N0KU6WYlVi4UhTIUokIAWzJpqERJCpe}, 24595: {instructions: Push each candy bar onto a skewer or popsicle stick refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.nWhisk the flour and baking soda in a medium bowl. Whisk in the seltzer to make a smooth batter about the consistency of pancake batter. Heat 4 to 6 inches of vegetable oil in a deep pot until a deepfry thermometer registers 330 degrees.nHold the Snickers by the skewer and dip into the batter, turning to coat. Carefully place the Snickers in the hot oil skewers and all fry, turning as needed, until crisp, 1 12 to 2 minutes. Use tongs to remove each bar by the stick drain on paper towels or a rack and serve warm.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [4 large Snickers bars, 1 cup cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 34 cup seltzer, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying], title: DeepFried Snickers on a Stick, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 24596: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Bring the short ribs to room temperature. Meanwhile, pulse the shallots, 10 cloves garlic and the tomato paste in a food processor to make a paste. Cook the pancetta in a large ovenproof pot over mediumhigh heat until crisp, about 7 minutes. Transfer the pancetta and all but 2 tablespoons drippings to a bowl.nAdd the shallot mixture to the pot and cook, stirring, until brown, about 6 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and add 12 cup cognac, scraping up the browned bits. Sprinkle in the flour and cook, stirring, about 5 more minutes. Gradually stir in the wine until smooth. Add the porcini, thyme, bay leaves and 112 teaspoons salt.nSeason the short ribs with salt and pepper, place in the pot and add water to cover. Trim a piece of parchment paper so that it rests on the surface of the meat. Cover the pot with the lid and transfer to the oven. Cook until the meat is forktender, about 3 hours.nRemove the meat from the sauce and transfer to a plate. Set the sauce aside, about 10 minutes, then skim off the fat. If the sauce is thick, add a splash of water. Discard the bay leaves, season the sauce with salt and pepper and add the remaining 2 tablespoons cognac. Return the short ribs to the sauce and keep warm over low heat.nChop the remaining 1 clove garlic, then mash with 12 teaspoon salt using the flat side of a knife add the parsley and chop. Heat the pancetta and the reserved drippings in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the oyster and cremini mushrooms and cook until brown, about 10 minutes. Toss in the parsley mixture. Untie the short ribs, divide among plates and top with the sauce and mushrooms.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [8 short ribs 12 ounces each, trimmed and tied by a butcher, 8 shallots, 11 cloves garlic, 14 cup tomato paste, 6 ounces pancetta, diced, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons cognac or brandy, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups red wine, 14 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 10 ounces oyster mushrooms, trimmed, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, trimmed and halved], title: Braised Short Ribs with Mushrooms, picturelink: 24RWFnLFBv6fEp43ze2wnXgTH7ltRy}, 24597: {instructions: In a stainless steel mixing bowl, whip the egg whites, whip to frothy. Continue whipping and stream in the granulated sugar. Whip to firm peaks. With a plastic spatula, fold in the presifted raspberry powder and confectioners sugar. Fold in vanilla extract and balsamic vinegar.nSpoon meringue into a piping bag fitted with desired piping tube. Pipe on parchment paper to desired disc shape. Place in a preheated 200 degree oven and bake for 2 hours.nWhip the heavy cream and creme fraiche to firm peak. Fold in the dulce de leche. Fill meringue tart shell. Top with fresh picked berries., ingredients: [8 egg whites, 8 ounces granulated sugar, 1ounce raspberry powder, 8 ounces confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup dulce de leche available at specialty stores, Fresh raspberries, for garnish, sorbet or ice cream may be substituted], title: Raspberry Meringue Pie, picturelink: null}, 24598: {instructions: For the gnocchi: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake the potatoes for 1 12 hours on a baking sheet this removes water from the potatoes in order to have lighter, less dense gnocchi. Let cool. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cut the potatoes in half and scrape the insides into a mixing bowl. Using a ricer or potato masher, mash the potatoes. Add the flour, Parmesan, egg and some salt and pepper and mix until smooth. Flour a clean surface and roll the dough into long strips. Cut 1inch pieces and boil for about 1 minute, until the gnocchi start to float. Remove with a slotted spoon.nFor the brown butter: In a saute pan, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat until foamy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the apricots and sage. Cook until the butter starts to brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the gnocchi and mix. Transfer to a bowl, top with grated Parmesan and enjoy., ingredients: [4 large russet potatoes, unpeeled, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 egg, beaten, Fine sea salt, Freshly cracked pepper, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 dried apricots, julienned, 12 fresh sage leaves, julienned, Grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Gnocchi with Dried Apricot Brown Butter and Crispy Sage, picturelink: null}, 24599: {instructions: Add 2 cups of the corn to a food processor and puree. Combine the pureed corn with the softened butter, sugar, and salt. Mix well.nStir in the masa harina, and flour, and mix until blended. Fold in the remaining corn kernels.nIn a large cast iron skillet, heat 1 tablespoon butter over mediumhigh heat. Drop 12 cup portions of the batter into the hot skillet forming patties. Cook until the cakes are golden brown on one side, and flip over. Continue cooking until the cakes are cooked through and golden brown on both sides.nServe the corn cakes as they are, or adorned with shredded cabbage, tomatillo guacamole, sour cream, and mango salsa.nTo make guacamole:nCombine the tomatillos, cilantro, avocado, onion, jalapeno, garlic, lime juice, cumin, and salt in a food processor or blender and pulse until combined.nTo make salsa:nCombine the mango, tomatoes, minced onion, cilantro, chile, lime zest, and lime juice in a small bowl. Allow the flavors to macerate. Serve as a garnish for the cumin seared scallop tacos.nCorn Cake Variations:nBacon Corn Cakes: Add 12 cup cooked and crumbled bacon to the batter just before cooking.nGreen Chile Corn Cakes: Add 14 cup chopped green chiles to the batter just before cooking.nCuminSpiced Corn Cakes: Add 2 teaspoons ground cumin to the batter just before cooking., ingredients: [3 cups fresh or frozen corn off the cob, 1 cup unsalted butter , softened, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup masa harina, 14 cup flour, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, for greasing skillet, Tomatillo Guacamole, recipe follows, Mango Salsa, recipe follows, Corn Cake Variations, recipes follow, 6 to 8 tomatillos, husked and coarsely chopped about 8 ounces, 34 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and diced, 12 onion, coarsely chopped, 12 jalapeno, coarsely chopped with seeds, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and quartered, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup diced mango, 12 cup diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons minced Serrano chile, Zest and juice of 1 lime], title: Skillet Corn Cakes, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}}