{24900: {instructions: Two simple cookiedecorating techniquesflooding and flockingcan transform plain sugar cookies into distinctive confections suitable for any occasion, from birthday parties to anniversary celebrations. Flooding is the process of coating a cookie with royal icing. To flood a cookie, use a pastry bag fitted with a small round tip, and follow the outline of the cookie. Leave some space along the edge for spillage, then fill in the outline with icing. To close empty spaces, push icing in place with a clean toothpick, and use a damp paper towel to wipe away any mistakes. To create a simple design of your choice, such as polka dots, use a different color icing to pipe the design onto the cookie. For a blended effect, decorate while the foundation is still wet. But if you dont want the colors to bleed, let the icing dry for a day.nFlocking is decorating with tinted sugaran easy way to add color and texture to cookies. Use sanding sugar, which is available in a range of grains, for a sparkling effect. To apply sanding sugar, place the cookie on waxed paper, and sprinkle sugar over the top of the cookie. Let it dry for 12 hour before shaking off excess sugar, and for several hours before brushing away stray crystals, ingredients: [], title: Baking: Flooding and Flocking Cookies, picturelink: null}, 24901: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the glaze:nBring vinegar to a boil in a small nonreactive saucepan and cook, stirring occasionally, until reduced to 12 cup. Stir in the honey and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the steak:nHeat grill to high. Brush steak on both sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides and cooked to mediumrare doneness, about 5 minutes per side. Remove from the grill to a cutting board, tent lightly with foil and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice into 14inch thick slices.nFor the pizza:nHeat the grill to high.nBrush both sides of the pizzas with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the grill, divide the Monterey Jack cheese over the top of each one and then sprinkle with the blue cheese. Place back on the grill, close the cover of the grill and grill until the cheese has melted, about 1 minute. Remove to a flat surface, divide the steak between each pizza, then top with the watercress Drizzle with some of the balsamic glaze and sprinkle with some of the shaved ParmigianoReggiano.nIn a large bowl stir together 13 cup water, yeast, and sugar and let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Stir in remaining 13 cup water, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 34 cups flour, cornmeal, and salt and blend until the mixture forms a dough. Knead dough on a floured surface, incorporating as much of remaining 14 cup flour, as necessary, to prevent dough from sticking, until smooth about 5 to 10 minutes. Form the dough into a ball.nLightly oil the sides and bottom of a large bowl with oil, add the dough, turn to coat in the oil, cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Gently punch the dough down and divide into 4 equal pieces. Roll each piece on a lightly floured surface into a 10inch circle that is 18inch thick. Brush off excess flour and transfer the dough to a baking sheet, cover each circle of dough with plastic wrap and continue stacking rolled out pieces on top of each other. Wrap well with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to grill., ingredients: [2 cups balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12ounce NY strip steak, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pizza, 12 recipe Pizza Dough rolled into 2 10inch rounds, recipe follows or 2 storebought pizza dough, 1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese recommended: Cabrales, Grilled steak, 1 bunch watercress, coarsely chopped, Balsamic Glaze, Shaved ParmigianoReggiano, 23 cup lukewarm water 105 degrees F to 115 degrees F, 2 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus additional for oiling bowl, 1 34 to 2 cups allpurpose unbleached flour, 14 cup finely ground yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons coarse salt], title: Pizza with NY Strip, Blue Cheese and Balsamic Glaze, picturelink: 06lDIy7xRrBZ52d86BvX0LAZXVLuBW}, 24902: {instructions: Pecan Topping: In a medium bowl, combine the brown sugar, flour, and cinnamon. Add the butter and, using your fingertips, pinch the ingredients together into a sandy, crumbly mixture. Add the pecans and mix.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9 by 9inch cake pan. In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter until smooth. With the mixer running, slowly add the sugar and mix. Add the eggs and mix until light and fluffy. Sift the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt together. Working in batches, add them to the buttersugar mixture, alternating with dollops of sour cream. Mix in the raisins. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Sprinkle the topping mixture over the cake. Bake until risen and browned, about 45 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes in the pan. Serve in squares., ingredients: [34 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup chopped pecans, pulsed in the food processor, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 eggs, 2 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup golden raisins, Pecan topping, recipe above], title: Quick Pecan Sour Cream Coffee Cake, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 24903: {instructions: Mix 1 cup chopped mixed parsley, chives and tarragon, 12 cup chopped shallot, 13 cup white wine, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons each white wine vinegar and dijon mustard, and salt and pepper to taste. Toss with 2 pounds boiled halved fingerlings, adding 2 cups chopped green beans to the potatoes during the last 4 minutes of cooking. Add 1 drained can oilpacked tuna and 12 cup halved kalamata olives.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: Nicoise Potato Salad, picturelink: 3J6Pl9WNzIVu9tc3.L75rFi8vY1WxJu}, 24904: {instructions: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the walnuts, stirring constantly. Add the brown sugar and cook until melted. Remove from the heat and carefully add the bourbon. Return to the heat and cook out the alcohol, about 3 to 5 minutes. Be careful as mixture may ignite. Add cream and bring to a slow boil. Combine milk and cornstarch.nAdd milk mixture into sauce stirring constantly until thickened., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup toasted chopped walnuts, 23 cup brown sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 5 tablespoons bourbon, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon cornstarch], title: Bourbon Walnut Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24905: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the cinnamon, nutmeg, dried orange peel, cloves, peppercorns, and ginger into 3 cups of halfandhalf in a microwavable container and microwave on high for 3 minutes. Check the temperature of the mixture and microwave in 30 second increments until it reaches 180 degrees F. Cover and steep 15 minutes.nPlace the eggs and yolks in a blender with an 8cup carafe. Blend on the lowest speed for 30 seconds. Raise the speed to quarter power and slowly add the sugars and blend until thickened slightly, about 1 minute. Add the remaining 2 cups halfandhalf. With the machine still running, pour in the spiced halfandhalf through a small hand strainer and add the rum. Use immediately, or store covered in the refrigerator for up to 72 hours.nPreheat the oven on the lowest or warm setting.nCut a 7inch round disk off the top of the boule using a long bread knife or serrated slicer. Tear the disk into pieces and scatter in a large roasting pan. Cut all the way around the inside of the boule just inside the outer wall. Cut downward and across the interior of the bread, first in one direction, then 90 degrees to it to create a grid, the way you would cube mango flesh to remove it from the skin. Remove the plugs of bread and tear into hunks about the size of an egg. Add to the roasting pan and bake until bread is dry, 12 to 2 hours.nSprinkle the fruit over the bread, pour in the custard, and press the bread to submerge all the pieces. Cover and soak for 2 hours at room temperature or for up to 8 hours in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPour the melted butter into a spray bottle and spritz the inside of the bread shell. Be sure to cover the bottom with a thin layer to prevent the custard from soaking through. Place the bread shell in a 10inch castiron skillet and place in the oven to toast the interior for 30 minutes.nRemove the bread shell from the oven and transfer the soaked bread mixture into the shell. Bake until the bread pudding souffles and reaches an internal temperature of 165 to 170 degrees F, 1 12 to 2 hours. Remove and cool 30 minutes before slicing or scooping and serving., ingredients: [1 cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon dried orange peel, 15 whole cloves, 15 whole peppercorns, 12 ounce crystallized ginger, chopped, 5 cups halfandhalf, divided, 3 large whole eggs, 3 large egg yolks, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 2 ounces spiced rum, 1 10inch stale French boule, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup dried cherries, 1 to 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly], title: Spiced Bread Pudding, picturelink: UTI8Q8wLkKPPzIX4AHXUY9PrgQoS2K.}, 24906: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo char the chiles: Over a gas flame, char the chiles on all sides until blackened, placing them into a sealable plastic bag to sweat for about 10 minutes. Remove the chiles from the bag and, using paper towels, wipe off the charred skin from the chiles. With a paring knife, slice the chiles down the center just to reveal the inside, being careful not to fully cut them in half. With a spoon, scoop out the seeds and the vein, keeping the stem and the rest of the chile intact. Place the chiles in a 9by13inch glass baking dish and set aside for stuffing.nTo make the tuna filling: Combine the tuna, peas, corn and mayonnaise in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nTo make the pickling liquid: Cook the carrots in boiling salted water until just crisptender, about 3 minutes. Drain and set aside to cool.nHeat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the garlic and onions and cook until the onions are slightly cooked, but still crispy, 5 minutes. Add 23 cup water and the vinegar and bring to a simmer see Cooks Note, below. Add the carrots, oregano and bay leaves. Simmer until the vegetables are crisp tender and almost all of the vinegar has evaporated, 8 minutes. Let cool slightly.nTo stuff the peppers: Stuff the peppers with the tuna mixture. Place back in the baking dish they should fit snuggly. Pour the warm pickled mixture over the stuffed chiles and allow to cool to room temperature. Cover and chill for 2 hours or overnight. Serve cold., ingredients: [8 Anaheim chiles, charred, stemmed, and seeded, left whole for stuffing, Two 6ounce cans albacore tuna in water, drained, 1 cup fresh peas from 1 pound in the shell, or canned, or frozen and thawed, 12 cup fresh corn kernels from 1 ear, or canned, or frozen and thawed, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup sliced carrots, 23 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 small red onions, halved and thinly sliced, 23 cup white distilled vinegar, 2 teaspoons crumbled dried Mexican oregano, 2 bay leaves], title: Tuna Stuffed Chiles, picturelink: z8yZJ4x9R5Ex01t3hlACS54HC6zoeQ6}, 24907: {instructions: Beat the cream cheese with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Reduce the speed to low and slowly beat in the heavy cream. Increase the speed to medium and beat until smooth. Beat in 12 cup of the sour cream. Beat in the herbs, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper.nLine a medium strainer about 7 12 inches in diameter with a few layers of cheesecloth, letting the ends hang over the edges of the strainer. Set the strainer over a bowl. Pour the cream cheese mixture into the strainer and fold the ends of the cheesecloth over the top. Gently flatten with your hands and shape into an oval football. Gather the edges of the cheesecloth up and twist until tight, trying to keep the oval shape of the spread. Place the strainer and bowl in the refrigerator 8 hours or overnight.nTo serve, unwrap the spread and invert onto a serving dish so the rounded side is facing up. Use the cheesecloth to gently reshape the oval and taper the ends to look like a football, then discard the cheesecloth and any liquid in the bottom of the bowl.nPut the walnuts in a medium skillet set over medium heat and cook, stirring, until they are toasted, about 5 minutes watch carefully so that they do not burn. Remove from the heat and cool. Sprinkle and press the nuts into the spread so it is covered. Put the remaining 2 tablespoons sour cream in a small resealable plastic bag and snip about 18 inch off the end of one corner. Pipe the sour cream over the spread to create the laces of a football. Serve with assorted crackers., ingredients: [12 ounces cream cheese, softened, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sour cream, 14 cup mixed chopped fresh herbs, such as chives, parsley and dill, 1 small clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup walnut halves, very finely chopped, Assorted crackers, for serving], title: Creamy Garlic and Herb Football Spread, picturelink: WwKzpV6kHnBs1w9B4mMwEQzamSYelu}, 24908: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason beef liberally with salt and pepper. In large Dutch oven or heavy ovenproof pot over moderately high heat, heat oil until hot but not smoking. Add beef and sear until dark brown and crisp on both sides, about 10 minutes total. Transfer beef to large plate. Pour off oil in pan and discard. Add sherry and simmer uncovered, scraping up browned bits on bottom of pan, until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Pour reduced sherry into a heatproof liquid measuring cup.nIn same pan, combine carrots, onions, celery, garlic, and bay leaf. Lay beef on top of the vegetable mixture and pour in the reduced sherry. Add enough chicken stock to cover 34 of meat. Cover and place on lowest rack in the oven. Roast until forktender, about 3 hours.nWhile beef is roasting, prepare roasted carrots and caramelized onions. During final hour of roasting, in large bowl, toss carrots with olive oil until well coated. Season generously with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Spread on baking sheet and transfer to upper rack in oven. Roast until slightly tender and browned, about 45 minutes. Remove from the oven, transfer to large bowl and keep warm. During final 30 minutes of roasting, place a heavy 12inch skillet over moderately high heat, add the canola oil and heat until hot but not smoking. Add onions and saute, stirring constantly, until caramelized, about 20 to 25 minutes. Season, to taste, with kosher salt, add to roasted carrots in large bowl, and keep warm.nWhen beef is tender, transfer to serving platter and tent with foil. Skim fat from liquid in pot. Strain liquid through finemesh sieve, pressing on solids with back of spoon to extract all juices, then discard the solids. Return liquid to pot, set over high heat, and bring to boil. Reduce heat to moderate and simmer, uncovered, until reduced slightly, about 5 minutes. Season juices to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Pour half of juices into bowl with carrots and onions toss to combine. Pour the other half of the juices into gravy dish. Arrange carrots and onions around beef on a serving platter and serve immediately, with extra juices on side., ingredients: [5 pounds boneless short ribs or bottom round, all surface fat removed have your butcher do this, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 1 cup dry sherry, 4 carrots, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 large onions, peeled and roughly chopped, 8 stalks celery, peeled and roughly chopped, 8 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 1 bay leaf, About 8 cups 2 quarts chicken stock or lowsodium chicken broth, 6 medium carrots about 2 pounds peeled, halved lengthwise, then halved horizontally, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 medium Spanish onions, sliced crosswise into 14inchthick slices], title: Pot Roast and Carrots, picturelink: null}, 24909: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 10inch cast iron skillet with 1 tablespoon of the butter. Beat the remaining butter and sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, scraping down the bowl as needed. Add the egg, peanut butter and vanilla and beat until smooth and creamy. Add the salt and baking soda and beat until combined. Reduce speed to low and gradually add the flour, mixing until the dough comes together and is smooth.nUse a rubber spatula to scrape the dough into the prepared skillet, gently spreading it to the edges and smoothing the top. Make a crosshatch pattern on the surface of the dough with the corner tip of the rubber spatula. Sprinkle the top with sugar.nBake until the edges are brown and crisp and the center is still soft, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 30 minutes the cookie will firm as it cools. Warm the jam in the microwave, about 45 seconds. Slice cookie into wedges and serve with warm jam., ingredients: [1 14 cups sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 34 cup 1 12 sticks butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg, 1 cup smooth peanut butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, Jam, for serving], title: Peanut Butter Skillet Cookie, picturelink: S12y7S7IlH0yVylILWgxQPEejoHhBHq}, 24910: {instructions: Cut off the top of the garlic bulb, and roast in a preheated 350degree oven in a ceramic dish for approximately 30 minutes.nPlace the red potatoes in a pot of water and boil until tender. Drain and set aside. Take 2 potatoes from the pile, cut them into quarters and place them on a cookie sheet. With a fork smash them down until flat, brush them with a little bit of the melted butter, and cook in a warm oven until crispy and golden brown. Set aside to top the finished potatoes.nSaute the onions in the olive oil until the onions are translucent.nPlace the roasted garlic, boiled potatoes, 2 tablespoons butter, and sour cream into a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, and beat until thoroughly blended.nScoop the potato mixture into a ceramic dish. Drizzle with the remaining melted butter and place in the oven until the top is browned. Push the potato croutons into the top of the potatoes and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 bulb garlic, 5 or 6 red potatoes, 1 white onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 tablespoon melted butter, plus 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup sour cream, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 24911: {instructions: In a food processor combine 2 34 cups of the flour reserve the remaining flour for rolling out the dough with the lard or shortening. Pulse several times until the fat is evenly distributed throughout the flour and no particles of fat are visible. Dissolve the salt in 23 cup of the warm water. With the machine running, pour the liquid through the feed tube in a steady stream and stop the machine once the dough has come together in a ball. Feel the dough, it should be a mediumstiff consistency, not too firm but not as soft as most bread doughs. If the dough is too stiff, divide it into several pieces, sprinkle with 1 or 2 tablespoons of the remaining water and process again until a ball forms.nDivide the dough into 12 portions, roll into balls and place on a flat surface or plate. Cover with plastic wrap and allow dough to rest for at least 30 minutes.nOn a lightly floured surface roll each ball into a 7inch circle by flattening the ball of dough, lightly flouring it, and with a rolling pin rolling forward and backward over the dough, then turn it a sixth of a turn and roll forward and backward again. Repeat the turning and rolling process until a 7inch circle is formed, reflouring the work surface as necessary. Place the tortilla on a plate and cover with plastic wrap. Repeat the rolling out process for the remaining 11 balls of dough.nHeat a flat cast iron griddle over moderately high heat. Lay a tortilla on the griddle and cook for 20 to 45 seconds until tortilla bubbles and lightly browns on the underside. Flip the tortilla and cook it for another 30 to 45 seconds. The tortilla should be lightly browned but still soft and flexible. Transfer the cooked tortilla to a heavy towel and wrap it up. Cook the remaining tortillas in a similar manner and store stacked in the towel to keep them warm and soft.nThe tortillas can be stored in a sealable plastic bag and refrigerated until ready for use. To reheat the tortillas, tuck them in an envelope made out of aluminum foil and heat in a 325 degree oven for 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 5 tablespoons lard or vegetable shortening, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup very warm tap water], title: Flour Tortillas, picturelink: null}, 24912: {instructions: Soak pork in salted water for 2 to 3 hours. Remove pork and rinse.nWith a paring knife, cut 3 1inch deep holes in the pork roast, fill with salt, pepper, and a garlic clove.nIn a small bowl, mix mustard, paprika, oregano, salt, pepper, 1 crushed garlic clove, and crushed pepper. Cover the pork with the mustard paste.nCoat inside of clay pot with nonstick cooking spray. Place pork inside clay pot add beer, wine, lemon juice, water, tomato, onion, apple pieces, and remaining crushed garlic.nCover and place in a cold oven and set temperature for 385 degrees F. Cook for 2 12 hours or until meat falls off the bone. After the first hour turn the meat with a large fork and cook for an additional hour to hour and a half.nRemove meat and let it stand for 10 minutes before carving. Arrange meat on a platter, pour part of the sauce over the meat and decorate with fresh parsley.nNote: If there is too much liquid remaining in pot, remove the lid and let cook uncovered for the last 10 minutes. Remove pot from the oven and place on stovetop.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 4pound pork rack, frenched, 1 12 cups kosher salt dissolved in 1 gallon of water, 3 garlic cloves, plus 1 crushed clove, plus 1 crushed clove, 3 tablespoons yellow mustard, Pinch paprika, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon crushed red peppercorn, 1 12ounce can beer, 1 cup white wine, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 cup water, 1 tomato, peeled and diced, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 apple, peeled and cut into small cubes, Parsley, for garnish], title: Rack of Pork in Clay Pot, picturelink: null}, 24913: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line cupcake tins with 24 cupcake liners.nWhisk together the buttermilk, oil, vanilla and eggs. Combine the sugar, flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt and add into the wet mixture. Whisk the batter together until almost all the lumps are gone. Scrape the bowl, then mix again briefly. Add in a small amount of the port wine to help thin the batter. Once it is incorporated, slowly add in the remaining wine, whisking continuously. Scrape the bottom of the bowl and make sure that there are no lumps. Scoop into the prepared cupcake liners using a number 16 scoop. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the middle of a cupcake comes out clean, about 25 minutes.nTo assemble: Allow the cupcakes to fully cool. Using an apple corer, remove a piece of the cupcake from the center. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon Port Wine Reduction Syrup. Fill the cupcake with 1 teaspoon Raspberry Creme Fraiche Filling. Using a large star tip, pipe the chilled French Chocolate Mousse onto the cupcake. Garnish with the gold leaf flake.nCombine the wine, sugar and salt in a saucepan over a low flame. Simmer until reduced to 3 12 ounces liquid.nPlace the chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl and place over a saucepan containing barely simmering water or use a double boiler. Melt the chocolate and butter together and stir with a wooden spoon until smooth. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. Add the egg yolks to the chocolate, 1 by 1, beating with a whisk until incorporated. Set aside.nIn another bowl, beat the egg whites until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and continue to beat. Gradually whisk in 14 cup sugar and continue beating until stiff peaks form.nBeat the heavy cream in a chilled bowl until it begins to foam and thicken up. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and the vanilla. Continue to whip the cream until it holds soft peaks.nGradually and gently fold the egg whites into the chocolate mixture to lighten it. Then, delicately fold in the whipped cream. Take care not over work the mousse.nWhisk the creme fraiche with the raspberry preserves to combine., ingredients: [1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 2 cups sugar 13 ounces, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour 9 ounces, 34 cups cocoa powder 2 12 ounces, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup port wine, heated, Port Wine Reduction Syrup, recipe follows, Raspberry Creme Fraiche Filling, recipe follows, French Chocolate Mousse, recipe follows, Gold leaf flakes, for garnish, 1 34 cups port wine, 13 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 cup creme fraiche, 12 cup seedless raspberry preserves, 6 ounces chocolate, chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 egg whites, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, COLD, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Standing Ovation: Sweet Chocolate Port Cupcakes, Port Wine Reduction Syrup, Raspberry Creme Fraiche Filling, French Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: ro8DVKdHkeNBWk75FJKRM9VulbZtsm}, 24914: {instructions: In a medium pot over mediumhigh heat, pour in the olive oil. Add the onions and cook until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Give it a stir and cook for another minute. Add the tomatoes, sugar, and basil. Reduce the heat a bit and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, Salt and pepper, One 28ounce can whole tomatoes, crushed or 2 pounds fresh tomatoes, chopped, Pinch sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Freshly Canned Tomato Sauce, picturelink: UQB25gTnscZks9qkqYhqUVqjwqkGCry}, 24915: {instructions: In a medium skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Saute the onion and the chiles for 7 to 8 minutes, or until translucent. Add the salt, pepper, and garlic and cook for 2 minutes more, until the aroma of the garlic has been released. Add the diced tomatoes, tomatillos, bay leaves, thyme, epazote, and water. Reduce the heat and simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 15 to 20 minutes, until thickened. Remove from the heat and discard the bay leaves. Cover and set aside until ready to serve.nTo make the picadillo, in a blender, puree the tomatoes with their liquid. In a large heavy skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Saute the onion with the salt and pepper, stirring occasionally, for about 5 minutes, or until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes more. Add the turkey and spread it into an even layer in the pan. Saute, stirring frequently, until light brown. Add the cinnamon, cloves, pureed tomatoes, raisins, and vinegar. Simmer gently, stirring occasionally, until reduced to a thick mass, 30 to 45 minutes. Add the toasted almonds and stir to mix. Cool to room temperature and proceed.nMake a slit in the side of each roasted chile and carefully scrape out the seeds with your fingers. Place the flour on a plate. In a large mixing bowl, beat the egg whites with the salt to soft peaks. Gently beat in the egg yolks, 1 at a time, and then beat in 1 12 tablespoons of the flour. Stop beating as soon as the flour is incorporated. Stuff the chiles with the picadillo, leaving room to reclose the opening, using toothpicks. Roll the chiles in the flour, gently patting off all the excess. In a large heavy skillet, heat about 34inch of vegetable oil over mediumlow heat until it registers 375 degrees on an instantread thermometer. Pick up a chile by its stem and dip into the egg mixture. Lay it into the hot oil and repeat with 3 more chiles. When the chiles are brown underneath, gently roll them over and brown the other side. Drain on paper towels and keep warm in a low oven. Reheat the sauce over low heat while you are frying the chiles. Dip and fry all the remaining chiles, keeping them warm with the others as they are cooked. Ladle about 12 cup of the sauce onto each of 6 warm plates, lay 2 chiles on each plate. Top each plate with a few sprigs of parsley and a dollop of crema and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 5 arbol chiles, stemmed, seeded, and chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 3 large, ripe tomatoes, seeded and cut into 12inch cubes, 34 pound tomatillos, husked, washed, cored and diced, 5 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 5 epazote leaves, chopped, 1 cup water, 4 canned plum tomatoes, undrained about 1 cup, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 pounds coarsely ground turkey dark meat, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 13 cup golden raisins, 1 12 tablespoons cider vinegar, 13 cup slivered almonds, toasted see Note 1, 12 large poblano chiles, roasted and peeled see Note 2, 13 cup plus 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 6 large eggs, separated, 34 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, Small handful flatleaf parsley, stems removed, for garnish, 12 cup Crema, for garnish], title: Chiles Relleno de Picadillo, picturelink: null}, 24916: {instructions: Place the juice and Benefiberu00ae in a blender and blend 30 seconds. Add the banana and blend until smooth. Blend in the frozen fruit.nEach serving provides 8.7 g of fiber.nRead product label before recipe preparation., ingredients: [1 cup orange juice or other fruit juice, 2 teaspoons Benefiberu00ae, 1 banana, 2 cups frozen fruit of your choice  peaches, berries, melon, or whatever you have], title: Frosty Fruit Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 24917: {instructions: Place some ice cubes in a tall glass. Pour in some liqueur and garnish with blueberries. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Ice, Bluecolored fruitflavored cognac and vodka liqueur recommended: Hpnotiq, Blueberries, for garnish], title: Hypnosis, picturelink: j872vos1EdxtIKFmzIvSPCYBFG49SO2}, 24918: {instructions: Combine all or some of the ingredients above to make your own pico de gallo., ingredients: [Garlic, Olive oil, Lime juice, Onion, Salt, Oranges, Mangos, Apples, Watermelon, Honeydew Melon, Jicama, Cucumbers, Fresh or dried chilies], title: Pico de Gallo, picturelink: null}, 24919: {instructions: In a shallow dish beat together the eggs, vanilla, splash of water, and cinnamon. In a nonstick skillet or griddle melt butter over moderate heat. Dip bread slices into egg mixture and transfer to hot skillet and cook for 23 minutes per side until golden brown. Transfer French toast to a plate, sprinkle with blueberries and powdered sugar. Serve with warm maple syrup., ingredients: [3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Water, Cinnamon, to taste, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 loaf bakerybought white bread or challah, cut into 1inch slices, 2 cups fresh blueberries, rinsed and picked over, Powdered sugar, Maple syrup, warmed in microwave], title: Blueberry Coffeecake French Toast with Fresh Blueberries, picturelink: null}, 24920: {instructions: Bring 2 cups cooked rice, 1 23 cups milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla and a pinch of salt to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until creamy, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in 34 cup white chocolate chips and let sit a few minutes. Serve over cherries.nPer serving over 12 cup cherries per serving with 1 milk Calories: 351 Total Fat: 10.5 grams Saturated Fat: 6 grams Protein: 8 grams Total carbohydrates: 57 grams Sugar: 31 grams Fiber: 2 grams Cholesterol: 12 milligrams Sodium: 140 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Rice Pudding With Cherries, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 24921: {instructions: In saucepan bring wine, water and sugar to a boil. Peel and slice peaches into wedges. Remove boiling wine syrup from heat then add peach slices. Cover and allow to sit for 10 minutes. Remove peaches and reserve syrup in refrigerator for future use. Will hold about 1 week.nIn a small pot reduce the balsamic to 13. Remove from heat.nFor this dish you will need a nonstick pan. Take the foie gras out of the refrigerator. One thing I want to point out really quickly is you will need a warm knife. When you use the knife simply have a container of lukewarm water and place the knife in it and slice a 2inch thick piece of foie gras, slice it and season with salt and white pepper. Take the nonstick pan, place it on a gas stove, on high. Take a knife and score the foie gras left to right and this will allow the fat to be released a little bit quicker and prevent it both from sticking and burning in the pan.nOnce the pan is lightly smoking, remove from heat for 12 a minute. Add dash of grapeseed oil. Place the foie gras in the pan score side down and place back over the heat. Continue to sear the foie gras for approximately 1 to 1 12 minutes making sure that the Foie Gras does not burn turn over and cook the foie gras for a further 1 to 1 1 2 minutes on the other side. Remove from the heat and let rest for approximately 1 12 minutes. Stir in butter and lemon juice. Spoon peaches and syrup onto 4 plates, place foie gras on top of peaches and drizzle plate with reduction. To finish sprinkle a small pinch of fleur de sel on foie gras., ingredients: [1 cup ice wine, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon white sugar, 2 fresh local peaches, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 4 2ounce pieces foie gras, sliced, Salt and white pepper, Grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon sweet butter, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon coarse fleur de sel], title: Seared Quebec Foie Gras with Okanagan Peaches, picturelink: null}, 24922: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, whisk together all of the dressing ingredients and set aside.nSlice the ham into 12inch strips. Spray a nonstick skillet with cooking spray and preheat over a mediumhigh heat. Add the ham to the skillet and cook over stirring frequently, until the ham is warmed through and crisped, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nRemove and discard the yolk from 1 of the hard boiled eggs. Chop the remaining egg white and whole egg and set aside.nIn a large bowl toss the romaine and watercress with 23 of the dressing. Put the dressed greens onto a large serving dish. Place the tomatoes on top forming a row down the middle. In strips on either side of the tomatoes place the avocado, chicken, cheese, diced egg, and the crisped ham on top of the greens. Drizzle with the remaining dressing and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon Mustard, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, 14 pound sliced Black Forest or other smoked ham, 2 hardboiled eggs, 6 cups romaine lettuce about 6 ounces coarsely chopped, 2 cups watercress, thick stems removed, 2 medium tomatoes, seeded and diced about 2 cups, 12 avocado, diced about 34 cup, 1 cup cooked diced chicken breast 1 6ounce breast, 12 cup crumbled Roquefort or Blue cheese about 2 ounces], title: Cobb Salad, picturelink: Qs7xYTEbOEAATYn52QEjwvE9ZkUwL2}, 24923: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the top of the garlic bulbs off and tie them in cheesecloth. Place garlic bulbs, salt, olive oil, seasoning salt, black pepper, and hot salt, to taste, in the inside of the pig as well as the outside. Roast as desired. When temperature of pig reaches 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, its done and ready to eat., ingredients: [10 to 20 garlic bulbs, Sea salt, Extravirgin olive oil, Seasoning salt, Coarse black pepper, Hot salt, 70 pound hog], title: Whole Hog, picturelink: 6.lW6pfTh.LKdhlAsvKUQ48yH9rmK}, 24924: {instructions: To make the crust: Have all of your ingredients ready and chilled. Combine the flour, salt and sugar in a food processor. Add the butter and lard. Use the food processor to work the butter and lard into the flour. Work the fats into the flour until it starts to stick together when squeezed, but you want to keep some of the fat in peasize pieces. If it is too soft and it wont stay in pieces, place the bowl in the freezer for about 15 minutes and then try again.nWhisk the egg, add it along with the water and vinegar to the flourlard mixture. Stir this with your hand or a wooden spoon, but be very gentle. The goal is to keep the peasize chunks of fat intact. It will start to look shaggy and not dry. It should hold together when you squeeze it in your hand. Gently knead the dough into a ball. Divide the dough into two pieces and create round disks. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate for at least an hour, or overnight.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F with the rack on the bottom shelf.nIn a large bowl, toss together the rhubarb, cherries, sugar, cornstarch and spices. Roll out one of the circles of dough and drape it into the pie plate. Place the filling in the pie shell. Break the butter up into several pieces and put it over the filling.nWeave the lattice over the top. Crimp the edges. Brush the top with egg wash.nSprinkle generously with sugar.nPlace the pie on a baking sheet, just in case the juices bubble over.nBake for 30 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F, bake until the juices are bubbling and translucent, and the fruit is very soft. This can take up to 1 12 hours. If the top crust starts to get too much color, tent the pie loosely with foil.nAllow the pie to cool so the juices set enough to cut the pie.nEnjoy with ice cream., ingredients: [The crust:, makes two 12inch galettes, 3 cups unbleached allpurpose flour scoop and sweep the flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 ounces unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces and refrigerated, 4 ounces lard, cut into 12inch pieces and frozen, 1 egg, 5 12 tablespoons icecold water, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 6 cups rhubarb, stems removed and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cups cherries or raspberries, 1 12 cups sugar our pie was pretty tart, so add more if you like it sweet, plus more for sprinkling over the top, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Egg wash 1 egg whisked with 1 tablespoon water], title: Rhubarb Pie, picturelink: null}, 24925: {instructions: For the BBQ sauce: Whisk together all the ingredients in a bowl, add to a saucepan, and cook over low heat for 5 to 6 minutes, or until the flavors have blended. Reserve.nFor the black bean compote: Heat the oil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat until on the verge of smoking. Add the onions and cook, stirring frequently, until the onions are slightly translucent, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, add the peppers, tomatoes, beans, salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for 9 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the vinegar, parsley, and cilantro, stir well. Keep warm.nFor the salmon: Preheat a gas or charcoal grill to mediumhigh heat. Coat the grill plates with oil to prevent sticking.nSeason the salmon fillets with salt and pepper and grill for 7 to 8 minutes on the first side. Carefully flip the fillets over and continuing cooking for 5 to 6 minutes. Once cooked, remove and glaze with the BBQ sauce.nTo serve, spoon the black bean compote onto the center of a plate and top with the glazed salmon., ingredients: [12 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon stoneground mustard, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 12 cup small diced red onion, 12 cup small diced bell pepper, 12 cup diced tomatoes, 3 cups canned black beans, rinsed and drained, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 14 cup minced cilantro, Oil, for grilling, 6 6ounce salmon fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: BBQ Glazed Salmon with Black Bean Compote, picturelink: FwcfjEjsLBaBP7TCTq3BgHYfIspTiqO}, 24926: {instructions: Whisk 2 cups flour, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon baking soda in a large bowl. Whisk 1 12 cups milk, 1 12 sticks cooled melted butter and 2 eggs in a separate bowl until combined pour into the flour mixture and stir until just combined. A few small lumps are fine. Preheat a waffle iron lightly brush with butter, then fill with batter threequarters full and cook until the waffles are golden and crisp.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: TopNotch Waffles, picturelink: q7MI2H.LRJZQxuHHtlVU2y.1CGFwgs2}, 24927: {instructions: For the dough: Combine both kinds of flour and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl and make a well in the center. Stir 1 14 cups warm water with the olive oil and yeast and pour into the well in the flour bowl. Stir until a soft and shaggy dough forms and then turn out onto a lightlyfloured board and knead until smooth and the dough springs back when pressed with your thumb. Transfer to a bowl coated with nonstick cooking spray, mist the dough ball, cover and let stand until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Divide the dough into 2 pieces and roll each into a ball. Cover loosely and let rest an additional 30 minutes.nFor the sauce: Combine the oregano, tomatoes and garlic in a small skillet and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Continue to cook, stirring and lightly mashing the tomatoes with a spatula, until the tomatoes have released their liquid and the sauce has become thick and jammy, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, season with salt and pepper and stir in the basil.nFor assembling the pizza: Place 2 baking sheets in the oven and turn the oven to 500 degrees F. Stretch andor roll each piece of dough until very thin and place each on a piece of lightly floured parchment paper that is the same size as the baking sheets heating in the oven the dough will be a rustic oval shape. Rub each piece of dough with 1 teaspoon of the oil, sprinkle with 14 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper and carefully transfer to the hot baking sheets. Bake until lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and evenly spread each pizza crust with the sauce, spreading about 12 inch from the edge, and then top with the mozzarella, Parmesan and spinach. Return to the oven and continue to bake until the crust is crisp and the cheese has melted and is browned in spots, 6 to 8 minutes, rotating the pans if necessary. Remove from the oven and place small spoonfuls of the ricotta on the pizzas and sprinkle with fresh basil. Sprinkle the pizzas with salt and crushed red pepper flakes, if using., ingredients: [2 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup wholewheat pastry flour, such as Bobs Red Mill, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 envelope active dry yeast, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 4 plum tomatoes, cored and roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup fresh chopped basil leaves, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups grated partskim mozzarella cheese, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, One 6ounce bag baby spinach, steamed, squeezed dry and coarsely chopped, 12 cup partskim ricotta cheese, Torn fresh basil, for garnish, Crushed red pepper flakes, for sprinkling, optional], title: Healthy Spinach and Ricotta Pizza, picturelink: KII1DPSS1tKw1SD3tIvsRIRaUbw8Pci}, 24928: {instructions: The Cookies: Set 2 racks in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. In a medium bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder and salt. In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar together for 15 seconds until smooth. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating until each is incorporated. Add the vanilla and lemon extracts and continue beating until fluffy, about 2 minutes. With the mixer on its slowest setting, gradually beat in 12 of the flour mixture. Beat in the milk and then the remaining flour mixture. On nonstick or parchment lined cookie sheets, drop 12 cup mounds of dough at 4inch intervals. Bake the cookies for about 11 minutes, turning once for even baking, until the cookies are lightly tanned. Set the cookie sheets on a rack to cool. The Frosting: Fit a heavybottomed saucepan with a candy thermometer. Over high heat, cook the water, corn syrup, sugar and cream of tartar until it registers 240 degrees soft ball. Off heat, vigorously whisk in the confectioners sugar, vanilla and hot water until creamy looking. Quickly spread half of the icing on 12 of each cookie. Whisk the cocoa and hot coffee into the remaining icing. Spread it on the other halves of the cookies. Let set for 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon lemon extract, 1 12 cups milk, 12 cup water, 12 cup light corn syrup, 2 cups sugar, Pinch cream of tartar, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons hot water, 2 tablespoons unsweetened, Dutch processed cocoa, 2 tablespoons hot coffee], title: Black and Whites Deli Deli Deli, picturelink: P7amGhPHvzGOVkUqkAd9ceviml52LOG}, 24929: {instructions: Melt the butter over lowheat, stir in the ginger root and remove from the heat. Allow the mixture to infuse for 2 to 3 hours or overnight for the flavor to develop.nIn a small saucepan, heat the vinegar and whisk in the sugar until it is dissolved. Remove from the heat and all to cool. Stir in the salt, pepper, sesame seeds, and soy sauce, then whisk in the sesame and vegetable oils until the mixture is completely emulsified.nReheat the butter and ginger root infusion until it is soft enough to spread easily. Brush each sheet of aluminum foil with some of this mixture, and sprinkle with a little salt and white pepper. With a very sharp knife, slice the tuna about 38 inch thick against the grain and lay 2 slices in a single layer on each piece of foil. Preheat a grill, griddle, or large heavy skillet to very high heat.nToss the greens with just enough vinaigrette to coat all the leaves and reserve the remaining vinaigrette for another use. Mound an equal quantity of the salad on each of 6 serving plates.nTransfer the sheets of foil to the hot grill and cook for about 30 seconds, or until the tuna is seared on one side and still raw on the other. Immediately transfer the tuna slices, raw side up, to the plates and drape them loosely around the edges of the salad. Garnish with the chives and the shiitake caps, if desired, and serve immediately.nIn a large heavy saucepan, heat the sesame oil over medium heat. Add the garlic, ginger root, and mushrooms and saute for 3 minutes, or until the mushrooms are just seared and still dry. Deglaze the pan with the vinegar and reduce over mediumhigh heat until almost no liquid remains. Stir in the sambal olek and salt and remove from the heat. Add the vinaigrette and stir to mix. Set aside and allow to marinate for at least 6 hours. The mushrooms can be kept covered in the refrigerator, for up to 4 days., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon minced ginger root, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 14 teaspoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon white sesame seeds, toasted in a dry pan until golden, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 14 cup vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 12 pounds bestquality ahi tuna, 6 cups loosely packed mizuna greens, curly endive or red leaf lettuce, 1 cup marinated shiitake mushrooms recipe follows, for optional garnish, 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives, for garnish, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 teaspoon sliced garlic, 1 tablespoon sliced fresh ginger root, 34 pound baby shiitake mushroom caps, not more than 1 12 inches in diameter, wiped clean and stems removed, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sambal olek Thai chile paste, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup Sesame Vinaigrette, recipe above], title: Spicy Seared Tuna with Sesame Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 24930: {instructions: In a shaker with ice, add Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, triple sec, and cranberry juicenShake and strain into a martini glassnGarnish with lemon twist, ingredients: [1.25 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, .25 oz. triple sec, 1 oz. cranberry juice, 1 twist lemon], title: Cosmopolitan, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 24931: {instructions: Combine the ingredients in a medium bowl. Portion 13 cup servings into snacksized sealable plastic bags., ingredients: [2 cups chopped walnuts, preferably toasted, 1 cup dried, unsweetened cherries], title: Glove Compartment Snack, picturelink: YkWnN6Ybxm7kwuS1d8HCgTZ7fH5EMi}, 24932: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, combine the carrots, golden raisins, mayonnaise, Greek yogurt, lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Stir well.nDivide the carrot mixture evenly between the lettuce leaves, about 12 cup for each lettuce wrap. Fold in the short ends of each leaf, then roll up to close. Set the lettuce wraps on a piece of aluminum foil and fold like an envelope to store.nShould be eaten the same day otherwise, store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 pound carrots, peeled and grated about 2 12 cups, 12 cup golden raisins, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 4 leaves iceberg lettuce], title: Kiddie Carrot Wraps, picturelink: InioXm3aG9szTjBLdrToPqd5rE6cUb.}, 24933: {instructions: Place the wheatberries and 3 cups of boiling salted water in a saucepan and cook, uncovered, over low heat for approximately 45 minutes, or until they are soft. Drain.nSaute the red onion in 2 tablespoons of olive oil over mediumlow heat until translucent, approximately 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the remaining 4 tablespoons 14 cup of olive oil and the balsamic vinegar.nIn a large bowl, combine the warm wheatberries, sauteed onions, scallions, red bell pepper, carrot, 12 teaspoon salt, and the pepper. Allow the salad to sit for at least 30 minutes for the wheatberries to absorb the sauce. Season, to taste, and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup hard winter wheatberries, Kosher salt, 1 cup finely diced red onion 1 onion, 6 tablespoons good olive oil, divided, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 scallions, minced, white and green parts, 12 red bell pepper, small diced, 1 carrot, small diced, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Wheatberry Salad, picturelink: null}, 24934: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nPlace the chicken breast on a sheet pan and rub the skin with olive oil. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Roast for 35 to 40 minutes, until cooked through. When cool enough to handle, remove the meat from the bones, discard the skin, and shred or dice the chicken meat.nBring the chicken stock to a simmer in a large pot and add the celery, carrots, and noodles. Simmer uncovered for about 10 minutes, until the noodles are cooked. Add the cooked chicken meat and parsley and heat through.nSeason to taste and serve.nPlace the chickens, onions, carrots, celery, parsnips, parsley, thyme, dill, garlic, and seasonings in a 16 to 20quart stockpot. Add 7 quarts of water and bring to a boil. Simmer uncovered for 4 hours. Strain the entire contents of the pot through a colander and discard the solids. Chill the stock overnight. The next day, remove the surface fat. Use immediately or pack in containers and freeze for up to 3 months., ingredients: [1 whole 2 split chicken breast, bone in, skin on, Olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 quarts homemade Chicken Stock see recipe, 1 cup mediumdiced celery 2 stalks, 1 cup mediumdiced carrots 3 carrots, 2 cups wide egg noodles, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 3 5pound roasting chickens, 3 large yellow onions, unpeeled, quartered, 6 carrots, unpeeled, halved, 4 celery stalks with leaves, cut in thirds, 4 parsnips, unpeeled, cut in half optional, 20 sprigs fresh parsley, 15 sprigs fresh thyme, 20 sprigs fresh dill, 1 head garlic, unpeeled, cut in half crosswise, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns], title: Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: qP2k4DWmCSYOwd7895dSGBVWmLlU0Ne}, 24935: {instructions: Preheat a grill on medium heat.nLightly coat the outsides of the peppers with the olive oil. Flip the peppers over so they make little bowls, spoon a little marinara sauce in the middle of each and cover in cheese. Add toppings as desired.nPlace on the grill until the cheese is melted and the undersides are tender, 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [4 large bell peppers, halved and seeded, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup prepared marinara sauce, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella, Assorted toppings, as needed], title: Breadless Pepper Pizza, picturelink: null}, 24936: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saucepot over mediumhigh, heat the wine and calvados to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium. Toss the cheeses with cornstarch, and then stir them into the wine in small batches with a wooden spoon. Season the fondue with nutmeg and a little pepper, to taste. Thicken the fondue, but stir often to keep it smooth, making sure it never boils. Adjust the flame under your fondue pot once it is transferred to the table to keep the fondue at a low, occasional bubble. Serve with bread and fruit., ingredients: [1 12 cups dry, crisp white wine recommended: sauvignon blanc, 14 cup calvados, 12 pound Gruyere cheese, shredded or diced, 12 pound sharp New York state white Cheddar cheese, or other semihard cows milk cheese, diced, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, Baguette, or other crusty bread, torn or cubed, for dipping, Crisp, sliced apple, dressed lightly with lemon juice, for dipping], title: AppleScented Fondue, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 24937: {instructions: Preheat a large nonstick saute pan, or preheat a grill or grill pan. Sear the flank steak on both sides for 3 to 4 minutes on each side or until mediumrare. Remove steak from heat and let rest for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine vegetables, vinegar, olive oil, lime juice, cilantro, chili powder, salt, and pepper in a large bowl and mix well.nCut steak against the grain into slices. Serve the steak and vegetable salsa with tortillas, chips and avocado, sour cream, and grated Cheddar, if desired., ingredients: [1 2 to 3pound flank steak, 2 cups mixed chopped seasonal fresh vegetables, such as squash, broccoli, cauliflower, zucchini, red onion, tomato, and carrots, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 2 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper], title: Flank Steak with Fresh Vegetable Salsa, picturelink: null}, 24938: {instructions: Place the veal shank and knucklebones in a roasting pan, season with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Roast in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 45 minutes. When the veal pieces are brown, brush them with 3 tablespoons of tomato paste and season again. Raise the oven temperature to 450 degrees F and return the pan to the oven for 15 more minutes. Melt butter in a large stockpot over medium heat. Saute the mirepoix vegetables and thyme in the butter to coat then stir in the remaining tomato paste and continue cooking until the vegetables are caramelized. Pour in the red wine to deglaze, stir. Transfer the browned bones to the stockpot. Whisk in the water and broth. Add the bouquet garni and bring the sauce to a boil. Simmer gently for about 3 hours, skimming periodically. Strain the sauce through cheesecloth or a chinois to remove the bones and vegetable solids. Continue to cook for 1 hour more, skimming any foam that rises to the top, until the sauce is reduced to 2 cups and nicely thickened. Taste for strength and seasoning. May whisk in a pat of softened butter to finish the sauce.nServe with meats or poultry., ingredients: [1 veal shank, 2 veal knuckle bones, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 5 tablespoons tomato paste, divided, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, cut in half, 1 garlic bulb, cut in half, 2 celery ribs, cut in chunks, 2 carrots, cut in chunks, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 bottle dry red wine, 1 quart water, 1 quart beef broth, low sodium, Bouquet Garni, thyme, parsley, bay leaves, peppercorns], title: Basic Brown Sauce, picturelink: null}, 24939: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring all the ingredients to a boil in a small saucepan and cook until the sugar has melted and the mixture thickens slightly. Remove from heat and infuse for 30 minutes. Remove ginger just before using.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 12muffin tin cups with paper cupcake liners and spray the inside of each liner and the top of the pan with nonstick cooking spray.nSift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, ginger, cinnamon and cloves into a medium bowl.nWhisk together the melted butter, brown sugar, eggs, and molasses in a large bowl until blended. Add some of the water to batter then some of the dry ingredients to the batter. Continue alternating with the water and flour until everything is added and smooth.nFill each paper liner with 13 cup of the batter, about 14inch below the top of the liner.nPlace into preheated oven and bake just until the tops feel firm and a toothpick inserted into the center come out clean, about 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from the oven and brush the tops liberally with some of the ginger syrup.nAllow cupcakes to cool prior to frosting.nHeat 2 tablespoons of butter in large saute pan over high heat. Add the honey and the mangoes and cook until caramelized and soft. Transfer to a food processor and process until smooth. Pass mixture through a medium mesh strainer into a bowl.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a wire whip attachment, beat the egg yolks at mediumhigh speed until creamy and pale yellow, about 5 minutes.nIn a nonstick saucepan, combine the sugar and corn syrup. Place over mediumhigh heat and bring to a full rolling boil without stirring and cook until it reaches softball stage 238 to 242 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Immediately pour the mixture into a buttered measuring cup to halt the cooking.nAdd a small amount of the syrup to the beaten egg yolks, turn on the mixer to high speed, and beat for about 5 seconds. Continue stopping the mixer, adding syrup, and beating in the same manner until all of the syrup is incorporated and the mixture is cooled completely.nAdd the butter, 1 piece at a time, and beat until incorporated before adding the next piece. When all of the butter has been blended in, add the vanilla and slowly add the mango puree. Continue beating until combined.nFrost each gingerbread cupcake with the caramelized mango buttercream and sprinkle with the candied ginger., ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 6 tablespoons molasses, 34 cup water, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups 1 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into small pieces, 1 to 2 tablespoons honey, 3 ripe mangoes, peeled, pitted and coarsely chopped, 6 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup candied ginger, finely diced], title: Gingerbread Cupcakes with Caramelized Mango Buttercream, picturelink: 40djh.Wf7dfi5GPrvPU0LEvYoheHI42}, 24940: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 200 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat the egg whites, cream of tartar and salt until the mixture holds soft peaks, about 1 minute. With the machine running on mediumhigh speed, add the sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time. Increase the speed to high and beat until the mixture is thick and holds stiff peaks, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the vanilla extract. Using a spatula, fold in the strawberries and lemon zest, taking care not to deflate the batter.nUsing a 14cupsize ice cream scoop, scoop heaped mounds of batter onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing each about 2 inches apart. Bake for 2 hours. Turn off the oven and allow the meringues to cool completely while still in the oven, about 2 hours.nThe meringues can be stored in an airtight plastic container for up to 4 days., ingredients: [3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch fine sea salt, 34 cup superfine bakers sugar, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup sliced freezedried strawberries, coarsely chopped, Zest of 12 large lemon], title: Strawberry Meringue Clouds, picturelink: QAGPxeczevfArsgPzaHKiiCnbWfrqy}, 24941: {instructions: Place chocolate syrup into tall glass. Add milk and stir. Add seltzer and stir., ingredients: [1 to 2 ounces chocolate syrup, 4 ounces milk, Splash seltzer], title: New York Egg Cream, picturelink: null}, 24942: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nUnroll breadstick dough into 12 separate breadsticks. Using a wet fingertip, make a canal down the center of each breadstick. Spread cheese into canals about 12 teaspoon per breadstick. Fold over breadsticks, covering filling and pinch the edges together to seal. Stretch and twist the breadsticks into 8inch twists and place sidebyside on a baking sheet. Brush twists with egg white and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Bake 12 minutes, until golden brown.nMeanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season both sides of chicken with salt and black pepper. Add chicken to pan and cook 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. In a medium bowl, whisk together orange juice, mustard, cornstarch, thyme, and sage. Add mixture to pan and bring to a simmer. Simmer 2 to 3 minutes, until sauce thickens and chicken is cooked through. Serve 4 chicken breast halves with all of the sauce and bread twists. Reserve remaining chicken for spring rolls., ingredients: [1 11ounce container refrigerated breadsticks, 2 tablespoons herbed cheese, divided recommended: Boursin, 1 egg white, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 boneless skinless chicken breast halves about 5 ounces each, 1 cup orange juice, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried sage], title: Chicken with OrangeSage Sauce with Herbed CheeseStuffed Bread Twists, picturelink: NU53Xebbs7rHUvxtR24Pc.1hc9Teu}, 24943: {instructions: Put the cut potatoes into a pot filled with the cold water, bring to a boil, and cook for about 20 minutes, or until a fork or knife pierces the potato chunks easily.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, put the cream, butter, salt, pepper, and chili paste into a saucepan. Heat the cream until the butter melts, but do not allow the mixture to boil. Keep the mixture warm until you are ready to add it to the potatoes.nWhen the potatoes are fully cooked, drain in a colander for 5 minutes to remove all excess moisture. It is important to rice the potatoes while they are still hot, because cold potatoes will become rubbery and starchy. Fill the ricer no more than half full. Squeeze the hot potatoes through the ricer and into a stainless steel bowl, being careful that the potatoes do not squeeze out the top of the ricer, which would cause lumps in the mashed potatoes. When all of the potatoes have been riced, stir in the hot cream and butter mixture with a wooden spoon and fully incorporate the seasoning, cream, and butter into the potatoes. Add the chopped chives and serve promptly. If the mashed potatoes must be held a few minutes, keep warm in a double boiler or in a bowl covered with plastic wrap and placed over hot water., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon Gold or Yellow Finn potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 12 to 2inch chunks, 4 quarts cold water, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons ancho chili paste, or other dried chili powder rehydrated in boiling water to form a paste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: Chili Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 24944: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Cut in the butter until it resembles small sized peas. Whisk eggs and heavy cream together. Add to mix. Add zest. Knead lightly until just incorporated. Roll out on a lightly floured table. Cut and place on parchment covered sheet pan. Bake 10 to 15 minutes, until puffed and golden., ingredients: [8 cups allpurpose flour, 8 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cubed, chilled butter, 8 large eggs, 2 cups heavy cream, 6 lemons, zested], title: Danielas Lemon Cream Scones, picturelink: null}, 24945: {instructions: For the sauce: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet set over medium heat. Add the minced garlic and onions and saute until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Remove the mixture from the heat and let cool. Transfer the mixture to a blender and add the tomato puree. Blend until smooth.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium pot set over medium heat. Add the sliced garlic and cook until the garlic is golden brown, about 30 seconds. Remove the garlic with a slotted spoon, leaving the oil in the pot. Carefully pour the tomato sauce into the pot, reduce the heat to mediumlow and let simmer while you prepare the meatballs.nFor the meatballs: In same skillet, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat and add the garlic and onions. Saute 5 minutes, and then remove from the heat to cool.nIn a bowl, combine the milk and breadcrumbs and stir until the crumbs look like wet sand. Add a little more milk if it looks too dry.nIn a large bowl, combine the ground meats, sausage, parsley, basil, eggs, some salt and pepper, the cooked oniongarlic mixture and the breadcrumbs. Stir with your hands until just mixed, and then form 24 small meatballs. Place the meatballs on a baking sheet or plate.nReheat the large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. When the oil is hot, add half the meatballs and cook until browned on all sides, turning a few times during cooking, about 5 minutes. Repeat with the remaining meatballs. Transfer all the meatballs to the simmering tomato sauce and cook for a few minutes, until cooked through.nTo serve, place 2 meatballs on each slider roll and spoon some sauce on top. Top the meatballs with a slice of cheese and serve. You may have leftover sauce.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, plus 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 onion, chopped, Two 28ounce cans peeled tomatoes, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 onion, chopped, 12 cup milk, plus more if needed, 14 cup Italian seasoned breadcrumbs, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 cup ground beef, 1 cup ground pork, 1 cup ground turkey, 4 links Italian sausage about 8 ounces, casings removed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 2 eggs, beaten, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 slider rolls, or other small rolls, 12 thin slices provolone], title: Mighty Meatball Sliders, picturelink: null}, 24946: {instructions: In a 2 quart saucepan on medium heat, add the butter, onions and 5 spice powder. Saute for 3 minutes then add carrots, celery, celery root and parsnips. Saute for 10 minutes then add chicken stock. Reduce stock by 30 percent until the vegetables are soft but not mushy. Stir in the cornstarch slurry to thicken. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup diced red onions, 1 tablespoon 5 spice powder, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced celery, 1 cup diced celery root, 1 cup diced parsnip, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon cornstarch slurry 12 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with cold water, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: 5 Spice Root Vegetable Ragout, picturelink: null}, 24947: {instructions: Place espresso, sweetened condensed milk, whole milk, coffee liqueur, and ice cream in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into 2 tall glasses and top with a dollop of whipped cream, a few chocolate covered espresso beans, and chocolate shavings., ingredients: [34 cup strongly brewed espresso, 3 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup whole milk, 14 cup coffee liqueur recommended: Kahlua, 1 pint coffee ice cream, Freshly whipped cream, for garnish, Chocolate covered espresso beans, for garnish, Chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: Cafe Con Leche Shake, picturelink: null}, 24948: {instructions: Cut tuna into strips 1inch high by 1inch wide. Chill tuna in the fridge to air dry a bit.nToast coriander seeds and fenugreek in a dry skillet. Grind with peppercorns in a coffee grinder or spice grinder. Place mix in a pie plate.nMeanwhile make the garnishes. For the chutney: in a food processor combine onion, cilantro, ginger, chili peppers, lemon juice and season with salt and fresh pepper. Blend til well combined. Cut pita bread into triangles and fry in hot oil. Drain on paper towel.nHeat a skillet til very hot. Roll tuna in the spice mix. Add a little oil to the pan. Sear the tuna on all 4 sides. Slice thin and serve with pita triangles and chutney. Sprinkle with more chopped cilantro., ingredients: [Center cut, sushi quality tuna, youll need about 3 pounds to yield some choice pieces, 3 tablespoons each coriander and fenugreek seeds, 2 tablespoons pepper corns, 1 onion, chopped, 12 cup cilantro, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped ginger, 2 green chili peppers, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and Pepper, 1 package pita bread, Oil for frying], title: Seared Coriander and Fenugreek Crusted Tuna with Onion Chutney and Pita Crisps, picturelink: null}, 24949: {instructions: Before putting together sandwich, make a plate of arugula and sliced tomatoes and set aside with unsalted butter.nButter 1 side of each bread slice, then put 4 slices, buttered side down, on a work surface. Top the bread slices with the pancetta, distributing it evenly. Top each with a second slice of bread, buttered side up.nHeat a cast iron skillet or grill pan until hot. Place the sandwiches in the skillet and top with a weight, such as another skillet. Cook until nicely browned, 2 to 3 minutes, then turn the sandwiches and replace the weight. Cook until the second side is well browned, about 2 minutes.nTransfer the sandwiches to a work surface and remove the top slice of bread from each sandwich. Spread the underside of those slices with the basil mayonnaise. Top the pancetta with the tomato slices, pepper to taste, and arugula leaves. Replace the top slice of bread, cut the sandwiches in half, and serve immediately.nTake the roll of pancetta, and dice into about 1inch cubes. Drizzle some olive oil into a saute pan on medium heat. Add pancetta to heated oil and cook until crispy. Pour the cooked cubes with fat, into a bowl and allow to cool.nPlace basil leaves in blender and puree until almost fine. Add mayonnaise to blender and season with freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Puree together until smooth., ingredients: [3 cups arugula, 3 ripe tomatoes, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 slices countrystyle bread, each 12inch thick, Pancetta, recipe follows, 12 pound wholemilk mozzarella cheese, sliced into 12 slices, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, Basil Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 1 pound pancetta, Drizzle extravirgin olive oil, 16 large fresh basil leaves, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, Fresh ground black pepper], title: PLT  Pancetta, Lettuce and Tomato Sandwich, picturelink: FebiVXme8Iqwt7.Mu5EJsNcIZmYdha}, 24950: {instructions: Place veggies in a pan with water and vinegar. Bring to a boil and cover. Reduce heat to medium and cook 10 minutes. Remove lid and raise heat back up. Allow the water to boil away and the vinegar to reduce and glaze the veggies, about 5 to 7 minutes. When the vegetables are glazed, to a sweet, rich brown color add butter to the pan. Turn veggies to coat lightly with butter. Season with salt, pepper and serve. Garnish with parsley.nFor an optional glaze for the vegetables, substitute 14 melted butter and 14 cup honey for 12 cup balsamic vinegar. Follow method as listed., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 pounds of your choice of the following, or any combination of: baby packaged fresh carrots, brussel sprouts, yellow squash you can also use broccoli, cauliflower and zucchini, 12 cup water, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Balsamic Glazed Vegetables, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 24951: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch casserole dish with butter.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot and cover completely with water. Bring to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are tender and easily pierced with the tip of a sharp knife, about 20 minutes. Drain and mash the potatoes in a large bowl. Add the butter, milk, sour cream, cream cheese and some salt and pepper, then fold to combine. Transfer the potatoes to the prepared casserole dish.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the heavy cream until medium peaks form. Fold in the cheese and horseradish, and season with salt and pepper. Spread the whipped cream over the potatoes evenly to cover. Bake until the potatoes are heated through and the top is light brown, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nRest the potatoes for 10 minutes, and then serve., ingredients: [8 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 5 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and halved, 1 cup milk, 12 cup sour cream, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups grated sharp white Cheddar, 14 cup finely grated fresh horseradish], title: Creamy and Tangy Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: XpIgPISpuRLqYW7dfnepTZbCQc6fp1G}, 24952: {instructions: Spread softened cream cheese on white bread. Sandwich with smoked salmon and sliced cucumber. Trim the crusts and cut into pieces., ingredients: [], title: SalmonCucumber Tea Sandwich, picturelink: 63mRDCBWoGghl5szX78wsvYz221dyMO}, 24953: {instructions: Combine sugar and cherries and refrigerate overnight. Place mixture into a blender and puree until smooth. Add lemon juice and pulse until combined. Pour mixture into ice cream machine and churn according to manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [6 cups frozen pitted cherries, 14 cup sugar, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Cherry Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 24954: {instructions: Place couscous and salt in a stainless steel or glass mixing bowl. Place chicken stock and apple juice in a small saucepan and heat to a rolling boil. Alternately, place chicken stock and apple juice in a microwave safe container and microwave on high until boiling rapidly. Pour boiling liquid over couscous. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let stand 5 minutes or until all liquid is absorbed. Remove plastic wrap and fluff couscous with two forks. Spread couscous on a baking sheet and place in refrigerator to cool completely.nCombine remaining salad ingredients. Taste and season with salt and pepper. When couscous is cold, combine with mixed salad ingredients. Add dressing and toss to coat thoroughly, ingredients: [1 12 cups couscous, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup chicken stock, 34 cup apple juice, 1 mango, diced small, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and diced small, 1 small red pepper, diced small, 1 small yellow pepper, diced small, 4 spring onions, thinly sliced including green tops, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup chopped toasted macadamia nuts, 14 cup chopped flat leaf parsley and more for garnish, if desired, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup mango vinegar or mango vinaigrette, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Couscous Carnivale, picturelink: null}, 24955: {instructions: Mix the egg yolks with half the sugar until you obtain a creamy light mixture. Work the mascarpone in a separate bowl using a wooden spoon, making sure you eliminate any lumps, then add to the eggs and continue to mix well.nIn another bowl, mix the egg whites with a pinch of salt and the remaining sugar until they reach a somewhat firm peak, and then fold them into the mascarpone.nAdd the cookies to a medium bowl and stir in the brandy just until moistened, you dont want them soggy. Add a dash of cocoa powder. Divide the cookie crumbles into the bottom of 6 glasses.nAdd the mascarpone cream to a pastry bag and pipe the cream into each glass. Top with a sprinkle of cocoa powder and shaved dark chocolate. Garnish with a few berries and a sprig of mint., ingredients: [3 eggs, separated, 2 ounces sugar, One 8ounce container mascarpone, Salt, 1 12 cups roughly crumbled amaretti cookies, 1 shot brandy, Cocoa powder, Shaved dark chocolate, for garnish, Fresh seasonal berries, for garnish, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Mascarpone Amaretti Cup, picturelink: null}, 24956: {instructions: In a 1quart mason jar, place all of the herbs, zest, chile and peppercorns. Pour both oils into a saucepan and heat to 200 degrees F. Pour the hot oils into the jar and cover with a kitchen towel. Let stand overnight.nPlace cheesecloth over the top of the jar and replace the outer rim of the lid. Invert and strain oil into desired container., ingredients: [12 bunch parsley, 12 cup packed fresh basil, 12 bunch fresh thyme, 12 cup packed fresh oregano, 12 orange, zested, 1 whole dried arbol chile, 1 teaspoon whole black pepper corns, 2 cups canola oil, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Herb Oil, picturelink: null}, 24957: {instructions: In a large resealable plastic bag, combine teriyaki sauce, sherry, and sesame seeds. Add chicken drumettes, turning to coat. Seal bag and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, or up to 1 day.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a cookie sheet with foil. Using tongs, transfer drumettes to cookie sheet. Discard marinade. Bake until drumettes are golden brown, about 15 minutes.nMix barbecue sauce, honey, and sesame oil in a small bowl. Brush drumettes with half of sauce mixture and bake for 5 more minutes. Using clean tongs, turn drumettes over, brush other side with sauce mixture, and bake for 5 more minutes. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [13 cup teriyaki sauce, 1 12 tablespoons dry sherry, 1 12 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, 1 14 pounds chicken drumettes about 12, 1 12 tablespoons barbecue sauce, 1 12 tablespoons honey, 14 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Sesame Chicken Drumettes, picturelink: VRMcTwMtekF5GnMANmYk9.4l8j16wIW}, 24958: {instructions: In a food processor, place almonds, chilies, lime juice, garlic and ginger and mix well. Add the basil and mint leaves. Slowly drizzle in the oil to achieve a thick puree. Check for seasoning. Season the pork and spread the pesto on each pork escalope. Save a little pesto for garnishing. Roll the pork escalopes and tie each one with string. In a hot saute pan coated with oil, sear the pork roulades on all sides. Place pork in a 350 degree oven for about 20 minutes. An internal temperature of 155 to 160 degrees is ideal. I love my pork pink. Let loin rest for at least 5 minutes before slicing.nAdd a little oil to thin out the remaining pesto., ingredients: [1 14 cup toasted slivered or whole almonds save 14 cup for garnish, 3 serrano chiles, Juice of one lime, 6 cloves of garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 cups picked thai basil leaves, 1 cup picked mint leaves, 34 cup peanut oil, 3 to 4 pound pork loin, cut into at least 4 2inch pieces, pounded flat, Salt and black pepper to taste, 14 cup sliced green scallions for garnish, Canola oil to cook], title: Roasted Pork Loin with Almond Pesto, picturelink: null}, 24959: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the carrots, celery and onions and cook until the onions are soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the thyme and garlic and cook until fragrant, 45 to 60 seconds. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the flour over and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in the stock, and then the milk. Add the potatoes and bring the soup to a boil over high heat. Decrease the heat to low and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes.nUsing an immersion blender, puree the soup leave it coarse and chunky if you prefer a more rustic soup, or puree until smooth for a more elegant soup. Add the cheese, about 13 cup at a time, stirring after each addition until melted and smooth. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper.nTo serve, ladle the soup into warmed bowls. Sprinkle with chives and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 cups chicken stock or reducedfat lowsodium chicken broth, 3 cups whole or 2percent milk, 4 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes about 1 34 pounds, 2 cups packed grated sharp white Cheddar about 8 ounces, Snipped fresh chives, for garnish, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 1 sweet onion, finely chopped], title: SavannahStyle Irish Potato Soup, picturelink: HNjronHyJwYhUQR8CvyrKk.hlJeyC}, 24960: {instructions: For the buffalo burger:nPreheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nIn a large stainless steel bowl, combine the ground buffalo, salt, pepper and bread crumbs. Mix by gloved hand for approximately 20 seconds, until seasoning is evenly distributed. Pat into 6ounce patties, and grill for approximately 5 minutes. Place burgers on buns with desired toppings and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [5 pounds ground buffalo, 12ounce kosher salt, About 13ounce ground black pepper, 9 ounces bread crumbs, Rolls or buns, for serving], title: Buffalo Burger, picturelink: null}, 24961: {instructions: Add the oil to a large heavy bottomed skillet, over medium heat.nMeanwhile, prepare the beef by pounding each piece to tenderize. Put 1 14 cups of the flour in a shallow dish and season well with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the egg mixture to a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Dredge the steaks in seasoned flour, shaking off any excess, then dip them in the egg mixture and back into the flour.nOnce oil is hot, add the steaks and fry until golden, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Be sure to not overcrowd the pan and do in batches, if necessary. Remove the fried steaks to a paper towel lined dish and set aside. Sprinkle the remaining 14 cup of flour into the cooking oil and whisk until fully incorporated. Cook over mediumhigh heat until just slightly darker in color, about 3 minutes. While whisking, pour the milk in a slow steady stream. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until thick, another 5 to 6 minutes. Taste the gravy for seasoning and adjust as necessary. Arrange the steaks on serving plates with the gravy spooned over the top. Enjoy immediately., ingredients: [34 cup vegetable oil, 1 12 pounds beef round, trimmed and cut into 4 6ounce pieces butcher can do, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, beaten with 2 tablespoons water, 2 cups milk], title: Chicken Fried Steak, picturelink: bQhnDjuwZ.pI6NLyhFqlWXJXHAGDhG}, 24962: {instructions: Combine the cilantro, olive oil, oregano, garlic, lime juice, orange juice, tomatoes, onions, bell peppers, 1 12 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper in a food processor and pulse until it forms a chunky sauce. Add it to the slow cooker insert along with the chicken thighs, and toss together. Cover and cook on low for 5 hours.nAfter 3 hours, add the sweet potatoes, nestling them underneath the chicken. About 30 minutes before the stew is done, add the kale.nDivide the stew among four bowls and serve with hot sauce on the side if desired., ingredients: [12 cup fresh cilantro leaves and stems, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 lime, juiced, 1 orange, juiced, 1 large or 2 small ripe tomatoes, roughly chopped, 12 sweet onion, roughly chopped, 12 red bell pepper, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 bonein chicken thighs, skin removed if present about 3 pounds, 1 large sweet potato, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks about 1 pound, 8 ounces frozen kale, defrosted, Hot sauce, for serving, optional], title: Slow Cooker Citrus Chicken and Sweet Potato Stew, picturelink: null}, 24963: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBlend the mustard, mayonnaise, 14 of orange juice, and salt, and pepper, to taste in a food processor or blender.nIn a saucepan, combine the wine with the strawberries, orangeflavored liqueur, beef stock, and honey. Bring it to a simmer over medium heat, and cook until its reduced by half. Pour the mixture into a blender and puree until smooth.nCoat the steaks in black peppercorns and season liberally with salt. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in an ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat and sear the steaks for 2 minutes on each side, then transfer the pan to the oven, and cook for 8 minutes or until desired degree of doneness.nWhile the steak is cooking, mix together the frisee, red onion, tomatoes, apples, and radishes in a bowl. Whisk together the remaining orange juice, lemon juice, and 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a small bowl. Season the dressing with salt, and pepper, to taste. Add the dressing to the salad and toss to coat. Serve the steaks over a bed of the salad and top with the zinfandel sauce and a bit of the aioli., ingredients: [14 cup stone ground mustard, 14 cup prepared mayonnaise, Juice of 1 orange, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups red Zinfandel wine, 14 pint strawberries, cleaned and halved, 12 cup orangeflavored liqueur, 14 cup beef stock, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 4 to 6ounce strip steaks, 3 tablespoons freshly cracked black peppercorns, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 head frisee lettuce, torn into bitesize pieces, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 6 grape tomatoes, halved, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored, and julienned, 2 radishes, thinly sliced, Juice of 12 a lemon], title: Peppercrusted Steak with Strawberry Zinfandel Sauce and OrangeMustard Aioli, picturelink: 5IOyVa3ZWWtUcEGw1pt3d1bAHqb0Daa}, 24964: {instructions: Put all the ingredients into a jamjar, make sure the lids on firmly and shake like mad., ingredients: [4 tablespoons or 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 cup grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon Maldon or kosher salt, or 12 teaspoon salt], title: Golden Honey Mustard Dressing, picturelink: rzS8p1JRpGTnNdnouJMDg4.2GOM3bu}, 24965: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the squash with 2 tablespoons olive oil on a baking sheet and spread in an even layer. Season with 2 teaspoons rosemary, and salt and pepper. Roast, stirring once halfway through, until the squash is just tender and golden, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool until just warm, about 15 minutes.nWhile the squash is roasting, peel 3 tangerines and slice them crosswise into 12inchthick rounds, removing any seeds. Juice the remaining tangerine and whisk the juice together with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and remaining 1 teaspoon rosemary. Season the dressing with salt and pepper.nCombine the warm squash, the spinach, tangerine slices and cranberries with the dressing and toss gently to coat. Divide among salad plates.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 12 pounds butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes about 4 cups, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 teaspoons roughly chopped fresh rosemary, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 tangerines, 6 cups fresh spinach, loosely packed, 14 cup dried cranberries], title: Roasted Butternut Squash Salad With TangerineRosemary Vinaigrette, picturelink: 8Vu2T2Yejn9fvgZI3dA0jUrm7im7Q1e}, 24966: {instructions: Coat each salmon fillet with the olive oil just enough to make it shine, not drip and salt and pepper.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh heat and place the salmon skin side up, even if the skin has been removed this is VERY important. Then close the lid and allow to cook about 5 to 7 minutes. Check the grill to make sure there are no flame flareups and the salmon is cooking evenly, and let cook another 3 to 4 minutes. You are going to let the fish cook about 90 percent on this side. After about 8 to 9 minutes the salmon should turn over easily and allow to finish another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from grill and serve with your favorite side dishes. The entire cooking time should be about 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [4 8ounce salmon fillets, Olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Broiled Salmon, picturelink: VuD6c68KNdgahb8OchdHGV9fzZycG}, 24967: {instructions: In a large pitcher combine the rum, lemonade and mint. Pour into glasses filled with ice., ingredients: [1 cup dark rum, 3 cups lemonade, storebought or homemade, 12 bunch mint leaves, Ice], title: Rum Lemonade, picturelink: qoij7DFJuJ2jNrb9kLsoDHvetypG2m}, 24968: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cut off the top third of the head of garlic, exposing the tops of the garlic cloves. Put the garlic on a piece of heavyduty aluminum foil and drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the oil. Sprinkle with 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper and add the thyme sprigs. Wrap tightly with foil and roast until the cloves are golden brown and very soft, about 45 minutes.n2. Unwrap the garlic and let stand until cool enough to handle. Pour any garlicflavored oil from the foil pouch into a small bowl squeeze the roasted cloves into the same bowl, discarding the papery shells. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the chopped thyme and an additional 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper and mash with a fork until smooth.n3. Lay the bottom half of the bread on a piece of aluminum foil that is long enough to wrap the bread. Spread on half of the roasted garlic mixture and top with half of the Parmesan. Repeat with the remaining bread, garlic mixture and Parmesan. Press the halves together so the fillings are on the inside and wrap with the foil.n4. Bake until the bread is toasted and the cheese is melted, about 15 minutes. Separate the halves, sprinkle with chopped parsley and cut into 6 pieces., ingredients: [1 head garlic, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 sprigs fresh thyme plus 12 teaspoon finely chopped leaves, 12 large baguette about a 12inch piece, split lengthwise, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh parsley], title: Cheesy Roasted Garlic Bread, picturelink: null}, 24969: {instructions: Devein the chiles and soak in hot water for 30 minutes.nDrain the chiles, combine all of the sauce ingredients in a saucepan, and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Add all ingredients into a blender and puree until smooth. Strain the sauce to remove any large particles. Season the sauce with the salt, to finish.nOn a hot griddle, with the olive oil, saute the pork until fully cooked. Spread the refried beans on one side of the sub roll. Lay the pork on top of the refried beans, and top with the tomatoes, avocados, and onion. Sprinkle the sandwich with oregano and finish with a portion of the sauce., ingredients: [3 12 ounces arbol chiles, 1 cup white vinegar, 2 sprigs oregano, 1 clove, 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, 1 clove garlic, minced, Salt, Olive oil, to coat pan, 2 pounds pork, thinly sliced, 4 sub rolls, 2 cups refried beans, hot, 2 Roma tomatoes, sliced, 2 avocados, sliced, 1 white onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons oregano, chopped], title: Tortas Ahogadas, picturelink: null}, 24970: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCrust:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd the gingersnaps to the bowl of a food processor, and pulse until crumbly. Transfer to a large bowl and add the melted butter. Stir until evenly mixed. Press the mixture into the bottom of a 9inch springform pan with 3inch sides. Bake the crust until golden brown, about 10 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let cool completely while preparing the filling.nFilling:nPut a teakettle filled with water on the stovetop, over medium heat, and bring to a boil.nIn a large mixing bowl, add the cream cheese and sugar and beat with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the pumpkin and beat until incorporated. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, then add the cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, cloves, salt, and vanilla, and beat until blended. Add the flour and beat until incorporated.nWrap the sides and bottom of the springform pan with heavyduty aluminum foil. Pour the filling into the pan and put it in a small roasting pan. Pour the hot water from the teakettle into the roasting pan, filling halfway up the sides of the springform pan, about 1 12 inches. Bake until the center of the cheesecake moves slightly when the pan is gently shaken, about 1 hour and 20 minutes. Remove the cake from the water bath and let it cool on a wire rack.nOnce cooled, use a paring knife to loosen the sides of the cake from the pan. Chill the cheesecake for at least 4 hours before serving. Serve with Cinnamon Whipped Cream.nPour the heavy cream into a large bowl and beat with an electric hand mixer until thick and frothy. Add the confectioners sugar, vanilla, and cinnamon, and beat until medium peaks form., ingredients: [30 squares gingersnap cookies, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, melted, Four 8ounce packages cream cheese, room temperature, 1 34 cups sugar, One 15ounce can pumpkin, 5 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon table salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Cinnamon Whipped Cream, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, chilled, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Ginas Pumpkin Cheesecake, picturelink: SaYyNYaMbVdqfKvoQI9pqnfoPKjuPRy}, 24971: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMake crust: In a food processor blend together flour, sugar, and butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 2 tablespoons water and toss until incorporated. Add enough remaining water if necessary until mixture begins to come together but is still crumbly. Refrigerate dough, wrapped in plastic for 1 hour.nPress crust evenly onto bottom and sides of an 11inch tart pan with removable fluted rim. Prick the crust with a fork, line the dough with aluminum foil and weigh it down with pie weights or beans and bake in middle of oven until golden, about 30 minutes.nMake filling while crust bakes: In a bowl with an electric mixer beat together cream cheese, sugar, vanilla, and egg until smooth. Add flour and blend mixture well.nPour the filling into the warm crust, spreading evenly, and bake in middle of oven until set, about 20 minutes. Cool the tart in its pan on a rack.nIn a small saucepan heat jam with water over moderate heat, stirring, until melted and smooth. Remove pan from heat and cool jam slightly. Arrange raspberries decoratively on top of tart and brush gently with jam., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 to 3 tablespoons cold water, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 14 cup seedless raspberry jam, 1 tablespoon water, 3 cups raspberries, picked over], title: Raspberry Tart May, picturelink: 1sxmcqQVwv8.S.9G9CLibPnbFt0dFO}, 24972: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the cherries and rum in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from the heat and allow to steep for 10 minutes to soften. Cut the chocolate babka into 1 12inch cubes. Spread out evenly on a baking sheet and bake until browned around the edges, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside. Lightly butter the bottom and sides of a 9 by 13inch baking dish. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the milk, eggs and granulated sugar until combined. Add the toasted babka and rum and cherries and mix well. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish. Place on a baking sheet to catch any spillover and bake in the oven for 35 to 40 minutes the pudding is done when lightly browned around the edges and the mixture springs back when pressed gently in the center. Let cool at least 15 minutes before serving.nIn a medium bowl, combine the heavy cream, confectionersu00bf sugar, orange zest and vanilla. Beat until soft peaks form. Serve bread pudding warm with dollops of whipped cream on top and garnished with shaved chocolate., ingredients: [12 cup sundried cherries, 14 cup dark rum, 1 16ounce loaf chocolate babka, Butter for the baking dish, 2 cups whole milk, 5 large eggs, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup confectionersu00bf sugar, 1 tablespoon finely grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 ounces dark chocolate, shaved], title: Chocolate Babka Bread Pudding with RumSpiked Cherries, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 24973: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender, add the banana chunks, blueberries, strawberries, and mango. Blend until combined, about 30 seconds. Serve in chilled glasses with straws., ingredients: [12 medium banana, peeled and cut into chunks, 14 cup frozen blueberries, 14 cup frozen strawberries, 14 cup chopped fresh mango, 2 cups chilled unsweetened vanillaflavored almond milk], title: Almond Milk and Berry Smoothie, picturelink: 5QIOeqr7aDhC4h2bNprEv20PI2hs5i}, 24974: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nButter a nonstick minimuffin tin with 12 18cup wells that measure 1 34 inches in diameter and 34inch deep. Mix 1 tablespoon of the flour with 12 the pine nuts in a small bowl. Dust the tins with the flour and nut mixture. Tap out the excess.nMelt the 1 tablespoon butter in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the remaining 1 12 tablespoons flour and the jalapeno. Cook, stirring, for about 2 minutes. Whisk in the milk and add the cheese, salt, pepper, mustard, and egg yolk. Cool to room temperature.nBeat the egg white until firm but not stiff. Stir a 14 of the white into the cheese sauce. Gently fold in the remaining white. Spoon into the prepared tins, sprinkle with the remaining pine nuts, and bake until puffed and golden, 7 to 10 minutes. Cool in the tins on wire racks. When cool, run a small knife around the edge of each souffle. The souffles will fall as they cool. They can be prepared up to a day in advance and refrigerated. Bake in the muffin tins in a preheated 400 degree F oven for 5 to 7 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus extra for buttering the tins, 2 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons very finely chopped pine nuts, 1 small jalapeno, seeded and minced, 6 tablespoons whole milk, 14 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 large egg, separated], title: Miniature Jalapeno Souffles, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 24975: {instructions: Cut the roast chicken into small pieces and discard the skin and bones. Put the chicken, grapes, almonds, scallions and celery in a large bowl. In another bowl, mix the mayonnaise, yogurt, cream, dill, brown sugar and some salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the salad ingredients and toss gently to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Allow to chill for several hours or even overnight.nBefore serving, garnish with halved grapes and chopped dill. Serve on a bed of lettuce or in a sandwich.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the chicken in a roasting pan, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Roast until the juices run clear, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Let cool completely before using for chicken salad., ingredients: [One 3 to 4pound roast chicken, home roasted or storebought, recipe follows, 2 cups green or red seedless grapes, halved, plus more halved grapes, for garnish, 12 cup slivered almonds, 4 scallions, sliced, 3 stalks celery, sliced, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup plain Greek yogurt, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 3 to 4pound chicken, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Basic Chicken Salad, picturelink: YxHyh8eKQYln2WFd6rFjpnoxRtoW9cy}, 24976: {instructions: Make the chocolate syrup: Bring the sugar and 1 12 cups water to a boil in a medium pot. Add the cocoa powder, vanilla and salt and whisk until well combined. Let cool completely.nFor each drink, pour about 1 12 teaspoons of the chocolate syrup into a chilled shot glass and freeze until slightly firm, 5 to 10 minutes. Slowly pour the halfandhalf on top of the chocolate syrup, then top with seltzer. Stir before drinking. Refrigerate any leftover chocolate syrup for up to 6 months.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 34 cups unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 1 12 teaspoons halfandhalf, Seltzer, for topping], title: Chocolate Egg Cream Shooter, picturelink: eUbBuvp6ZUappw9wcOF61NYTC65LpMW}, 24977: {instructions: For the avocadoes and tomatoes: Slice the avocadoes in half lengthwise. Carefully remove the pit. Using a spoon, scoop out the flesh from the skin and then dice.nIn a large bowl, toss the avocadoes with the lime juice, chile paste, cilantro, garlic, and salt. Taste to make sure it is delicious and well seasoned. Cover with plastic and let sit.nToss the cherry tomatoes with olive oil and season with salt. Taste to makes sure they are delicious. Cover and let sit.nFor the corn cakes: Melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Stir to combine. Make a hole in the center of the dry ingredients and add the eggs, milk, and melted butter. Stir until just combined. Add in the corn kernels and stir to combine.nCoat a cast iron pan with olive oil and bring to a mediumhigh heat. Spoon the batter into the pan the size of half dollars. When the sides of the cakes have set and the bottom is lightly browned, turn the cakes over and cook on the other side.nRemove the cakes and top with some avocado and a tomato half., ingredients: [4 ripe avocadoes, diced, 2 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon Asian chile paste sambaal oeleck, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped, Kosher salt, 24 cherry tomatoes, halved, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 stick butter, 8 tablespoons cornmeal, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 eggs, whisked in a bowl, 1 cup milk, 2 cups frozen corn, defrosted, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Mini Corn Cakes with Avocado and Tomatoes, picturelink: p1XvZVPr649eN1cEJhjpNCCYGLjqwyy}, 24978: {instructions: Bring the broth to a simmer and add the chicken tenders, poach them for 6 to 7 minutes with a bay leaf.nWhile the chicken poaches, heat the extravirgin olive oil in a medium soup pot or deep skillet over medium high heat. Add the bacon and cook it until crisp then remove it with a slotted spoon. Drain off the excess fat, leaving 2 to 3 tablespoons in the pan. Add the onions and garlic to the skillet and cook them for 5 minutes then stir in chipotles and tomatoes.nRemove the chicken from the stock, dice it then add it to the soup. Pass the stock through a strainer then add it to the soup.nPlace a pile of crushed tortilla chips in the bottom of each soup bowl. Cover it liberally with smoked cheese then ladle the hot soup down over the top. Serve it with lime, raw onions and cilantro at table to finish the soup., ingredients: [3 cups chicken stock, 1 pound chicken tenders, 1 bay leaf, fresh if available, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 slices thick, smoky center cut bacon, chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 chipotles in adobo, chopped, plus 2 tablespoons sauce, 1 28ounce can crushed fire roasted tomatoes, Salt, 4 cups corn tortilla chips, lightly crushed, 2 cups shredded fresh smoked mozzarella or smoked sharp white Cheddar cheese, 34 pound, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 12 red onion, chopped, Fresh cilantro leaves, chopped for garnish], title: Smoky Chicken Tortilla Soup with Chipotle and Fire Roasted Tomato, picturelink: null}, 24979: {instructions: Put the dragon fruit in the fridge for a few hours and allow it to get very cold. This will allow you to dice it finely. Season the scallops with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a skillet on medium high heat and pan sear the scallops until golden brown about 2 to 3 minutes on each side.nIn a separate bowl, combine the dragon fruit, lemon juice, and chopped chives. Top the scallops with the dragon fruit salsa and serve, ingredients: [1 dragon fruit, finely diced, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 8 large scallops, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Seared Scallops with Dragon Fruit Salsa, picturelink: csYfXFaEauyEn.NuUV6rxWRwZX.52.}, 24980: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot or bowl, stir to combine the sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice and pineapple. Let stand for 30 minutes.nAdd the hot water and stir to dissolve the sugar. Add the brandy, rum, absinthe, grenadine, cloves, coriander, nutmeg and bitters. Let stand, covered, for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.nIn a medium saucepan, scald the milk, then add to the punch. The milk will curdle when mixed with the lemon juice and alcohol. Let stand for 1 hour.nStrain the punch through a doublecheesecloth or a coffeefilterlined strainer. Transfer to the refrigerator to chill.nTo serve, fill a large bowl with the punch and add the 2 sliced lemons. Fill a small glass with ice, add a mint sprig, then fill with punch. Repeat for the remaining cocktails., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 8 lemons, 6 zest peeled in strips and juiced and 2 thinly sliced, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and chopped, 3 cups simmering water, 4 cups brandy, 2 cups rum, 1 cup absinthe, 12 cup grenadine, 1 tablespoon whole cloves, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg, 8 dashes bitters, 2 cups whole milk, 20 sprigs mint], title: Library Punch, picturelink: SemSq1U8.Bube.ZlJnxkpJgYsH7XmVy}, 24981: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a pot and cover with water by 1 inch season with salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until tender, about 8 minutes, adding the scallions during the last minute. Drain.nMeanwhile, season the turkey with the paprika, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the turkey and cook until browned and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side remove to a plate.nAdd the broth to the skillet, scraping the pan with a wooden spoon. Cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Stir in the mustard and half of the butter. Season with salt and pepper set aside.nMelt the remaining butter in the pot used for the potatoes over medium heat. Add the potatoes, 14 cup water, the peas, lemon zest, parsley and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Cook until the peas are tender, 3 minutes. Serve with the turkey, pan sauce and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, cut into inch cubes, Kosher salt, 3 scallions, chopped, 4 turkey cutlets about 1 pound, 1 12 teaspoons smoked paprika, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, 2 cups frozen peas about 10 ounces, thawed, 1 lemon half zested, half cut into wedges, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Dijon Turkey Dinner, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 24982: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and 12 teaspoon of salt and cook, stirring frequently, until translucent and soft, about 5 minutes. Add 14 cup of water and the balsamic vinegar, reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until the shallots are browned and caramelized, 12 to 15 minutes.nCombine the shallots, yogurt, milk, chives, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl and stir until blended. Cover and chill for 30 minutes before serving. The dip will keep, refrigerated, overnight., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup chopped shallots about 2 large shallots 13 pound, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 1 cup 2percent Greek yogurt, 14 cup 1percent milk, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, Freshly ground black pepper, Cutup vegetable sticks, lowsalt pretzels or pita chips, for serving], title: Greek Yogurt Onion Dip, picturelink: JHK3yJCFzTCkyZ0a0IaMqgShBYrpw5K}, 24983: {instructions: Whisk 14 cup flour, 5 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons milk, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil and a dash of vanilla extract and salt in a large mug until smooth. Microwave until puffed, about 2 minutes.nCopyright c2011 Food Network Magazine, LLC. Published by Hyperion. Available wherever books are sold. All Rights Reserved. Photograph courtesy of Antonis Achilleos., ingredients: [], title: Instant Chocolate Cake, picturelink: NgTpJCbXQjdu8H1vU86ttDHczJuXlJS}, 24984: {instructions: Clean and slice potatoes into bite sized rounds and boil until fork tender. Squeeze out the pulp from the head of garlic. Make vinaigrette by whisking garlic, mustard and vinegar in a bowl and then slowly whisking in olive oil, season with salt and pepper and add mustard seeds at the end. While potatoes are still warm and drained, toss with vinaigrette. Just before serving add onions, herbs and watercress., ingredients: [2 pounds fingerling potatoes you can also use red bliss or other heirloom potatoes, 1 tablespoon roasted garlic 1 head rubbed with olive oil then baked at 350 degrees for 45 minutes, 2 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 12 cups olive oil, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds, Salt and pepper, 2 medium red onions, sliced thin, 13 cup fresh chopped herbs parsley, tarragon, and thyme, 2 bunches watercress], title: Mustard Seed Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 24985: {instructions: Preheat the duck fat to 260 to 270 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Preheat the grill over mediumhigh heat.nAdd the potato slices to the hot oil and blanch for about 1 minute. Strain onto a baking sheet. Spread them out to cool evenly and let sit until cool enough to handle.nPlace a large piece of plastic wrap out on work surface. Overlap the blanched potatoes creating a bridge connecting the pieces together making it big enough to fit 2 pieces of the Pacific cod. Season the fish fillets with salt on both sides and add to the potatoes perpendicular to the direction of the potatoes. Using the plastic wrap, fold and tuck the potatoes around the fish. Wrap the whole piece with the plastic wrap to bond.nPlace a large nonstick pan over medium heat and add 12 cup duck fat. Once heated, add the fish, in batches if needed, seamside down and season with salt. Let it brown for about 2 minutes then flip. Add the thyme and butter to the pan. Allow the butter to melt and baste fish to add more flavor and moisture to the fish and potatoes. Place the whole pan into the oven for 4 to 5 minutes to cook through.nDrizzle extravirgin olive oil on the cleaned leeks, sliced potatoes and the split lobster tail. Season with salt and place onto the grill and cook until tender, about 4 to 5 minutes.nFor the vanilla bean and tarragon vinaigrette: To a bowl, add the vanilla seeds, juice of 1 blood orange, minced shallots, pinch salt, splash champagne vinegar and whisk in about 12 cup extravirgin olive oil so its 2 parts oil, 1 part vinegar.nRemove the lobster from the shell and chop. Chop the potatoes and leeks and add all to the vinaigrette bowl. Add the tarragon and season with salt and freshly cracked black pepper and gently toss to combine.nRemove the fish from the oven and place onto a clean surface. Slice in half. Place a large spoonful of the potato salad onto the plate. Top with 1 piece of fish and drizzle with some of the dressing. Season with a pinch of sea salt., ingredients: [3 to 4 quarts duck fat, 1 large russet potato, thinly sliced lengthwise on mandolin, 4 5 to 6ounce portions Pacific cod, Salt, 12 cup duck fat, 8 to 10 fresh thyme sprigs, 12 cup unsalted butter, 2 leeks, top and bottom trimmed, split in 12 lengthwise and cleaned of sand, 1 lobster, tail removed and split, claws reserved for another application, 2 red bliss, sliced into 12inch thick slices, 2 purple Peruvian potatoes, sliced into 12inch thick slices, lengthwise, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, Juice of 1 blood orange, 1 shallot, minced, Splash Champagne vinegar, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 sprigs fresh tarragon, leaves picked, Sea salt, for serving], title: Potato Wrapped Pacific Cod with a Grilled Leek, Red Bliss and Purple Peruvian Potato and Lobster Salad, picturelink: null}, 24986: {instructions: Mix the butter, adobo sauce and a pinch of salt in a small bowl until combined set aside.nFill a large pot or Dutch oven with 3 quarts water season generously with salt and add the potatoes and garlic. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Add the corn and cook 2 minutes. Add the clams, chorizo and poblanos cover and cook until the clams open, 3 to 5 minutes discard any clams that do not open.nRemove the clams, potatoes, corn, chorizo and poblanos to a large bowl using a slotted spoon cover to keep warm. Ladle 2 cups of the cooking liquid into a small saucepan add the chipotle butter and lime juice. Whisk over mediumhigh heat until the butter melts and the broth is hot. Uncover the clam mixture and pour the hot broth on top. Top with the cilantro.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 to 2 tablespoons adobo sauce from a can of chipotles in adobo, Kosher salt, 1 pound baby redskinned potatoes, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 ears of corn, husked and quartered, 2 pounds littleneck clams about 20, scrubbed, 3 links fully cooked not dried chorizo about 10 ounces, cut into thick slices, 2 poblano chile peppers, seeded and sliced, Juice of 1 lime, 1 cup fresh cilantro], title: Clambake with Chorizo, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 24987: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil.nSprinkle the pork evenly with salt and pepper. In a large nonstick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon oil over mediumhigh heat. Cook 1 tenderloin until browned, 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove the tenderloin and place on the prepared baking sheet and repeat with the remaining tenderloin. Place the baking sheet in the oven and bake the tenderloins until desired degree of doneness is reached, about 10 minutes.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the skillet and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and mushrooms and cook, stirring constantly, until the vegetables are tender, 4 to 5 minutes.nIn a small bowl, combine the gravy mix and 1 12 cups cold water, stirring until smooth. Add to the onion mixture and cook, stirring constantly, until the gravy is thickened, about 2 minutes.nSlice the pork and serve with the onion and mushroom gravy. Serve with the mashed potatoes, if desired. Garnish with fresh rosemary., ingredients: [1 pound trimmed pork tenderloins about 2 tenderloins, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, One 8ounce package baby bella mushrooms, quartered, 1 package brown gravy mix, Mashed potatoes, for serving, optional, Fresh rosemary, for garnish], title: Roasted Pork Loin with Mushroom Gravy, picturelink: null}, 24988: {instructions: Cut the lobster in half lengthwise. Remove the small, opaque clumps of tissue located next to the eye. Do not remove anything else from the lobster the juices and the roe are what give the sauce its flavor. In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil and garlic and cook for a few minutes. Do not let the garlic burn or it will leave a bitter taste. Add the lobster flesh side down and cook until the roe is firm, about 1 minute. Add the white wine, tomato sauce, and crushed red pepper flakes. Cook a few minutes more until all the ingredients blend together. Add the chopped parsley and salt, to taste. Do not overcook the lobster it will become tough. Add the sauce and lobster to the cooked linguini and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 live Maine lobster 2 pounds, 13 cup olive oil, 2 large garlic cloves, chopped, 12 cup white wine, 1 12 cups basic tomato sauce, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt, 12 pound linguini, cooked], title: Maine Lobster Fra Diablo, picturelink: null}, 24989: {instructions: Combine sugar cube, 1 teaspoon water and bitters in an oldfashioned glass. Add whiskey, flavored whiskey and orange juice. Stir. Top with ice.nGarnish with orange slice and maraschino cherry., ingredients: [1 sugar cube, 1 teaspoon water, 1 dash bitters, 1 shot whiskey, 1 shot flavored whiskey recommended: Southern Comfort, Splash orange juice, Ice cubes, Orange slice, for garnish, Maraschino cherry, whole, for garnish], title: Southern Driver, picturelink: HjunK5AwVTwAigFUz1yj6ntDjiKfA2i}, 24990: {instructions: Remove the stems from the broccoli rabe. Shake and rinse the broccoli rabe in colander to remove the excess liquid, but the rabe doesnt have to be thoroughly dry.nHeat a large pot over high heat until very hot. Add the olive oil. When the oil is almost smoking, add the garlic and cook for a few seconds until it is light brown. Add a couple of handfuls of rabe and toss with tongs, incorporating the garlic so it doesnt burn on the bottom of the pan.nAdd the remaining rabe all at once, or in batches if your pot isnt large enough to hold it all at once. Toss constantly so the rabe wilts evenly. When the rabe is cooked, season with salt and pepper. Continue cooking over high heat, tossing often until the excess liquid evaporates.nTurn the rabe out into a bowl and let it cool to room temperature, then season with wine vinegar. Eat at room temperature or refrigerate up to 2 days and eat cold., ingredients: [4 quarts broccoli rabe, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons minced garlic, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Red wine vinegar], title: Sauteed Broccoli Rabe with Vinegar, picturelink: vsi26CCNtKGt7FfnQ1UboW7qAM.xVoa}, 24991: {instructions: Arrange the mushroom slices on a large platter. Season with salt and pepper, drizzle with olive oil and add lemon juice to taste. Top with a light coating of shaved Parmesan., ingredients: [4 porcini mushrooms, sliced very thin on a mandoline, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Fresh lemon juice, Shaved Parmesan, for serving], title: Porcini Carpaccio, picturelink: null}, 24992: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the onion into thin wedges, through the root end. Toss with the olive oil, season with salt, to taste, and spread out on a baking sheet. Roast until just soft and brown, about 20 minutes. Set aside to cool.nPut the spinach and onions in a large bowl. Drizzle with some of the dressing and toss. Add more dressing as needed spinach should just be lightly coated. Divide salad among 4 chilled plates. Top with pecans, goat cheese, and dried cranberries. Serve immediately.nWhisk the lemon zest, lemon juice, orange juice, Dijon, honey, thyme, and salt in a medium bowl until well combined. Gradually whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a smooth, slightly thick dressing., ingredients: [1 medium red onion, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Citrus Dressing, recipe follows, 8 cups baby spinach, 12 cup pecans, toasted and chopped, 13 cup crumbled goat cheese, 12 cup dried cranberries, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, plus more to taste, 14 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Baby Spinach Salad with Roasted Red Onions, Pecans, Dried Cranberries, Crumbled Goat Cheese and Citrus Dressing, picturelink: null}, 24993: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler. Place the tomatillos, poblanos and whole jalapeno on a rimmed baking sheet and broil, turning occasionally, until charred and softened, 18 to 20 minutes. Turn the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Peel the skin from the poblanos and remove the seeds. Transfer the flesh to a blender, along with the tomatillos, jalapeno and any accumulated juices. Add the chopped cilantro, juice of 3 limes and salt and pepper to taste. Blend until smooth, then set aside.nIn a medium pot over high heat, warm the olive oil until shimmering. Add the beef, sprinkle generously with salt and pepper, and cook until nearly cooked through, about 5 minutes. Set aside 13 cup onion for serving, then add the remaining onion and the garlic to the beef and continue to cook, stirring, until golden in spots, about 8 minutes more. Add the cumin and cook, 30 seconds. Add the tomatillo mixture to the pot and stir to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nPlace a third of the chips on an ovensafe baking sheet or platter. Sprinkle with a third of the cheese. Layer on the remaining chips and cheese in the same manner, creating 3 layers of evenlydistributed chips and cheese. Transfer to the oven and bake until the cheese is melted and bubbling, about 8 minutes. Meanwhile, mash the avocado with the remaining lime juice and season to taste with salt and pepper.nTop the hot nachos with spoonfuls of warm tomatillobeef mixture, mashed avocado, sour cream, sliced jalapenos, pepitas, reserved 13 cup diced red onion and reserved cilantro sprigs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds tomatillos, peeled and washed, 2 poblano chiles, 2 jalapeno chiles, 1 left whole, 1 thinly sliced, 1 cup packed cilantro plus stems, roughly chopped about 12 bunch, plus additional leaves for serving, Juice of 4 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds 80 percent lean ground beef, 1 large red onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, Two 9ounce bags corn tortilla chips, 1 12 pounds pepper Jack cheese, coarsely grated, 1 avocado, 1 cup sour cream, 13 cup toasted pepitas], title: Roasted Tomatillo and Beef Nachos, picturelink: 3wJzYwKq7mEkKvw22mdMkKIcJ3pvbIi}, 24994: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.n2. In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, toast the mustard seeds until fragrant. Using a mortar and pestle lightly crush the mustard seeds. In a small bowl combine the mustard seeds and the panko.n3. Using 2 tablespoons of the olive oil rub the pork and season on all sides with gray salt and pepper, to taste, and roll in the panko mustard seed mixture to coat the tenderloins all over.n4. In a large saute pan heat the remaining 4 tablespoons olive oil until hot but not smoking, add tenderloins to pan and sear on all sides, about 5 minutes total. Move pan with pork to the oven and cook until a meat thermometer reads 155 degrees F, about 10 to 12 minutes.n5. Remove pork from the pan and let rest on a cutting board for about 5 minutes. Slice the tenderloins against the grain on a diagonal bias, fan out on a plate, and serve with the Mostarda di Frutta.nIn a large heavy bottomed pot, over high heat, add the sugar, water and juice of half a lemon and cook until a mediumdark caramel is achieved. Add shallots and the chilies to the caramel. Immediately add all of the fruit, wine, and bay leaf. Cook gently until the fruits are tender and remove from heat. Add the Dijon when the fruits have just been removed from the heat, taste for salt. Let cool to room temperature. Store refrigerated in a covered container or in individual canning jars., ingredients: [4 tablespoons black mustard seeds, 4 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 pork tenderloins, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 recipe Mostarda de Frutti Mista, for serving, recipe follows, 3 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 pinch chili flake, 1 Serrano pepper, chopped, 3 pears, peeled and diced, 4 apples, peeled and diced, 1 cup dried cherries, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup white wine, 2 bay leaves, 1 34 cups Dijon mustard, Salt], title: Mustard Crusted Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 24995: {instructions: For the red sauce: Combine the tomatoes, onions, parsley, thyme, cumin, celery salt, kosher salt and white pepper in a saucepan. Cook, stirring, for 1 hour. The sauce should be reduced to about 1 14 cups. Add more salt and pepper to taste, if needed.nHeat oil in a deepfryer or a large, heavy pot to 375 degrees F.nLay the wrappers on a flat clean surface. Blend the cheese and 14 cup red sauce in a bowl to create the stuffing. Blend the cornstarch and 14 cup water in another bowl, mixing well to create a slurry. Brush the edges of the wrappers with slurry, then place a dollop of sauced cheese in the center of each wrapper. Bring the edges of the wrappers towards the center in a cone shape, and then pinch and seal the bottom edge over to create a triangle.nFry the pockets until golden, 3 minutes, and then remove with a slotted spoon and allow excess oil to drip over paper towels. Sprinkle with Parmesan and serve over remaining red sauce., ingredients: [2 cups diced tomatoes, 12 cup julienned red onions, 1 tablespoon fresh minced parsley, 1 tablespoon fresh minced thyme, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, Oil, for deep frying, Twelve 5inch square egg roll wrappers, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella, 14 cup cornstarch, Shredded Parmesan, for garnish], title: Pizza PocketsPurse, picturelink: jOHfP900vPAJKmDYRPX5oa.JHH80u}, 24996: {instructions: Place small scoops of sorbet, using a melon baller, into shot glasses only 1 flavor per glass. Top sorbet with about 1 tablespoon of matching flavored liqueur., ingredients: [1 pint sorbet, Mellon baller, 34 cup favored liqueur], title: Sorbet Shots, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 24997: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the oil and heat. Add the shallots and garlic and saute until softened. Add the raisins and cook until warm, about 1 minute. Add the pine nuts, increase the heat, and add the sherry vinegar. Stir with a wooden spoon to scrape up the browned bits that cling to the bottom of the pan. Add the butter and melt, then add the spinach and stir or toss with tongs until wilted. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon minced shallots, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 12 tablespoons golden raisins or currants, plumped in water, 1 12 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 2 dashes sherry vinegar or fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon butter, 5 cups packed baby spinach, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Sauteed Spinach with Gold Raisins and Toasted Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 24998: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add the potatoes and boil until theyre just starting to soften, then drain and set aside.nIn a large pot, crumble and brown the Italian sausage with the onions over medium heat, about 5 minutes. Drain as much of the fat as you can blotting the surface with paper towels helps. Add the chicken broth, milk, halfandhalf, oregano and red pepper flakes to the pot with the sausage and onions, bring to a simmer and simmer for 30 minutes. Give it a taste and adjust the seasoning as needed with salt, pepper and more red pepper flakes if needed.nAdd the potatoes and a splash of heavy cream for richness, then stir in the kale. Cover and simmer for an additional 10 minutes, then serve., ingredients: [12 red potatoes, thinly sliced, 1 12 pounds bulk Italian sausage, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 cups whole milk, 2 cups halfandhalf, 12 teaspoon fresh or dried oregano, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or more to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Splash of heavy cream, 2 bunches kale, picked over, cleaned and torn into bitesize pieces], title: Sausage, Potato and Kale Soup, picturelink: KfbssKeg9OUAuSqUQly4ikYDLaJEC8u}, 24999: {instructions: For the chicken: Place the chicken in a pot and add the bay leaves, carrots, celery, lemons, onions, peppercorns, rosemary, thyme and some salt. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and poach the chicken for 1 hour. When the chicken is cool enough to handle, discard the skin and bones and separate the meat into bitesize pieces. Strain the stock and reserve.nFor the pasta: Meanwhile, heat the butter and EVOO in a saucepan over mediumlow to medium heat. Add the fennel, garlic and onions and cook very slowly until they are very sweet and soft, 20 to 25 minutes do not let the onions brown. Deglaze the pan with the wine, scraping up any browned bits with a wooden spoon.nTransfer the fennel mixture to a blender or food processor and add the heavy cream and 1 cup reserved poaching liquid or chicken stock. Puree until smooth, then return the mixture to the pot, season with salt and white pepper and simmer over low heat to thicken the sauce a little, 10 to 15 minutes. Add onethird of the chicken to the sauce and reserve the remaining chicken for another use.nBring a large pot of water to a boil for the pasta and season with salt. Cook the pasta until al dente. Scoop out a bit of the cooking liquid and add it to the sauce to thin it slightly. Drain the pasta, then add it to the sauce and toss to combine. Garnish the pasta with the pine nuts, cheese, fennel fronds and tarragon., ingredients: [One 4pound whole chicken, 2 bay leaves, 2 carrots, quartered, 2 ribs celery, quartered, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 large onion, quartered with root end attached, A few black peppercorns, A few stems fresh rosemary, A few stems fresh thyme, Salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon EVOO, 1 medium bulb fennel, thinly sliced, 1 head spring garlic or hard neck garlic, cloves peeled and thinly sliced, 1 large sweet onion, thinly sliced, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and ground white pepper, 1 pound penne pasta, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, ParmigianoReggiano, Chopped fennel fronds, Chopped fresh tarragon], title: Chicken with FennelCream Sauce and Penne, picturelink: W0SRULDm3mumvHOoSNSHGl7f76jRPS}, 25000: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRub the lamb with 14 cup of the olive oil and season both sides with salt and pepper. Arrange the lamb fatside up on a roasting pan and roast 15 minutes. Lower the temperature to 350 degrees F and roast until golden brown and a meat thermometer inserted in the center of the lamb reads 130 degrees F, another 25 to 30 minutes.nWhile the lamb roasts, make the chimichurri. Combine the mint, parsley, oregano, garlic, serrano and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor and blend. With the machine running, drizzle in the lime juice and remaining 12 cup olive oil and process just until fully combined. Taste and season with salt and pepper.nRemove the lamb from the oven and allow it to rest for 10 minutes. This will allow the juices to redistribute and the lamb will continue to cook. The temperature should read 140 degrees F. Slice the lamb against the grain and add to a platter. Top with some of the chimichurri and serve the remaining sauce alongside the meat at the table., ingredients: [One 4pound boneless leg of lamb, trimmed of excess fat, at room temperature, 34 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup fresh mint leaves, 34 cup fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup fresh oregano leaves, 2 cloves garlic, 1 serrano pepper, stem removed, 3 tablespoons lime juice], title: Roasted Lamb with Mint Chimichurri, picturelink: 0s6e5RtHatltUg.vjGXRKRJMcjlDEBG}, 25001: {instructions: For the brisket: Set oven to broil. Dredge the brisket in flour and season with salt and pepper. Sear the brisket for 5 minutes on each side, until brown.nSet the oven to 325 degrees F. Coat the roasting pan with cooking spray, place seared brisket in pan. Place the carrots, onions, and garlic around the brisket in the pan.nMix the sugar, chili powder, ketchup, water, soy sauce, vinegar, and Worcestershire sauce and stir. Pour the mixture over the brisket and vegetables. Cover tight with heavy tin foil. Cook for 3 to 4 hours. After the brisket has been in the oven for 2 to 3 hours, take out and add crumbled the ginger snap cookies into the liquid that surrounds the brisket. Mix around so the sauce gets thicker. Put back in oven, uncovered, for the remaining 1 hour.nWhen the cooking is complete, take out of oven and let rest for 1 hour. Slice thin and put in the refrigerator overnight.nReheat and serve the next day.nFor the sandwich: Toast the light rye bread. Place the cheese on one slice of bread and melt in microwave. Spread the caramelized onions on top of the melted cheese. Put sliced brisket on top of the onions. Top with coleslaw, then with pickles and the other slice of bread., ingredients: [1 5pound lean brisket, Flour, for dredging, Salt and freshly ground pepper, for dredging, Nonstick cooking spray, 6 carrots, peeled and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 cup ketchup, 1 cup water, 6 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 gingersnap cookies, crushed, 2 slices light rye bread, 4 extrathick slice Swiss cheese, about 4 ounces, Caramelized onions one sliced onion sauteed in butter until dark brown, 14 cup homemade or storebought coleslaw, 6 homemade or storebought pickle slices homemade preferred], title: The Rosh Hashanah Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 25002: {instructions: Special equipment: a 9inch springform pannHeat 4 tablespoons of the olive oil with the garlic in a large saucepan over mediumlow heat. Once it begins to sizzle, cook, stirring occasionally, until the garlic is soft and just beginning to brown, about 6 minutes. Stir in the chile flakes, then add the tomatoes and 1 12 cups water. Increase the heat to high and bring the tomato sauce to a boil, crushing the tomatoes with the back of a wooden spoon. Lower the heat to maintain a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until reduced and thickened, about 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, stir in the basil and season with salt and pepper. Let the sauce cool for 10 minutes then puree in a blender until smooth.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 9inch springform pan with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta until it is slightly less than al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain the pasta, spread in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet and toss with 1 tablespoon olive oil.nStand the rigatoni on their ends in the prepared pan until it is completely filled you might not use all the pasta. Place the pan on a foillined baking sheet to catch drips. Pour the sauce over the noodles, spreading it with the back of a spoon You might not use all the sauce. Sprinkle the pasta with the mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses.nCover the pan with foil, doming it slightly to avoid touching the cheese. Bake for 30 minutes. Uncover the pan and continue cooking until the top is golden brown and bubbly, about 30 minutes more. Let the pasta cool for 10 minutes, then carefully remove the sides of the pan, cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 9 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, One 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes in juice, One 15ounce can whole peeled tomatoes in juice, 1 cup looselypacked fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound rigatoni, 1 pound partskim mozzarella, grated, 23 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Rigatoni Pie, picturelink: Qx6nLiMF2VG7T3R6rlh3aGN6g3xmO3y}, 25003: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, mix together the ground beef, rice, garlic powder, allspice, salt, pepper, and cinnamon, and set aside.nRinse grape leaves several times. If the leaves are small, leave them intact, but cut out the large center vein. If the leaves are large, cut them in half vertically, cutting out the large vein in the process. Place a small amount of the ground meat mixture at the end of each leaf. Roll up eggroll style.nPour the oil into the bottom of a large Dutch oven. Lay the chops over the oil. Lay the tomato slices over the chops.nPlace the stuffed grape leaves seamside down on top of the chops. Pack the leaves tightly and begin a second layer when necessary. Place whole garlic cloves randomly between the rolled leaves plenty of garlic on each layer.nWhen you are done stacking, pour the lemon juice over the leaves, and add water to the pot to about 2inches above the rolled leaves. To prevent the leaves from unrolling during cooking, place a plate on top of the stack of leaves and place a heavy object on top of the plate.nSimmer the leaves over low heat for about 2 hours.nInvert the entire Dutch oven into a large platter with high sides i.e. a 12inch round cake pan. Or, remove the leaves from the pot with tongs. Serve rustic style, with plenty of Arabic bread on which to spread the garlic, ingredients: [40 garlic cloves, 1 pound ground beef, 34 cup uncooked white rice, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons allspice, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 jar grape leaves, or about 50 fresh grape leaves, 14 cup olive oil, 1 pound pork or lamb chops, 1 tomato, sliced, 12 cup lemon juice], title: Lebanese Stuffed Grape Leaves, picturelink: null}, 25004: {instructions: Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook according to package directions until al dente, tender but slightly firm. Reserve 12 cup of the pasta water, then strain the pasta and toss with a splash of oil in the colander.nMeanwhile, slice the mushroom caps into 14inchthick strips. Snap the woody ends off the asparagus and cut into 2inch lengths. Heat a large skillet over medium heat, and add 2 tablespoons of the butter. When the butter melts, raise the heat to mediumhigh and add the mushrooms in 1 layer. Cook, without moving, until the undersides have browned, 1 to 2 minutes, then stir and cook until golden about 2 minutes more. Add the asparagus, another tablespoon of butter, and 12 teaspoon salt and continue to cook, stirring occasionally until the asparagus is tender and the mushrooms are browned, 2 to 4 minutes. Transfer the vegetables to the colander with the pasta.nReduce the heat to medium and add the remaining 5 tablespoons butter. When the butter has mostly melted, whisk in the cream and bring to a simmer, then add the peas and cook for 2 minutes. Turn off the heat.nWhisk the ParmigianoReggiano into the sauce. Add the vegetables, cooked pasta, chives and lemon zest and toss well. Season with salt and pepper. The pasta will thicken as it cools. To thin it, add reserved pasta water 1 tablespoon at a time and toss to reach the desired consistency. Serve hot in heated bowls., ingredients: [Kosher salt, One 9ounce package fresh fettuccine, Extravirgin olive oil, for tossing, 2 cups shiitake mushrooms about 4 ounces, stems removed and discarded, 1 bunch thin asparagus, about 1 pound, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup frozen peas, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 12 cups freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, Finely grated zest of 12 lemon], title: Spring Vegetable Fettuccine Alfredo, picturelink: Gh6VuZN.71JqBIvEI8J4v6YZoO1LVO2}, 25005: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil over mediumlow to medium heat, add 2 tablespoons of the butter and melt into the oil. When the butter bubbles add the garlic and onions, and season with salt and a little pepper. Cover and cook to soften, stirring occasionally until the onions are very soft and sweet, about 15 minutes, but not brown. Add the stock and tomatoes to the pot, breaking up the tomatoes with a potato masher or wooden spoon. Add several leaves of basil, torn. Gently simmer to thicken, 20 to 30 minutes.nBring a large pot of water to boil for the pasta, cook to al dente and reserve 1 cup starchy cooking water. Drain the pasta, add back to the pot but keep off the heat. Toss the pasta with the water, remaining 1 tablespoon butter, half the sauce and some cheese. Serve in shallow bowls topped with more sauce, and pass the cheese at table.nGet Rachaels shopping list for this episodes recipes here., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 to 3 large cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large onion, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 cup chicken stock, Two 32ounce cans San Marzano tomatoes, Large handful basil, 1 pound spinach tagliatelle, egg tagliatelle or spaghetti, Grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Spinach Tagliatelle with Buttery Tomato Sauce, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 25006: {instructions: Combine the water and milk in a medium saucepan and warm over low heat until about 100 degrees F but no more than 110 degrees. Remove from heat and sprinkle the yeast and a pinch of sugar and flour over the surface of the liquid. Set aside without stirring, until foamy and rising up the sides of the pan, about 30 minutes.nWhisk the butter, egg yolk and vanilla into the yeast mixture.nWhisk the flour, the remaining sugar, salt, nutmeg, cinnamon and ginger in a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour and stir in the yeast mixture with a wooden spoon to make a thick, shaggy, and slightly sticky dough. Stir in currants. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and knead until soft and elastic, about 8 minutes. Shape into a ball.nBrush the inside of a large bowl with butter. Put dough in bowl, turning to coat lightly with butter. Cover with plastic wrap. Let rise at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 hour 30 minutes. If you have a marker, trace a circle the size of the dough on the plastic, and note the time to help you keep track.nTo form the rolls: Butter a 9 by 14inch baking pan. Turn the dough out of the bowl and pat into a rectangle about 16 by 8 inches. Divide the dough into 12 equal portions, about 2 ounces each, with a pizza wheel or bench scraper. If you dont have a scale, divide the dough in half lengthwise, then in half crosswise. Cut each of those four sections into 3 equalsized rolls.nTuck the edges of the dough under to make round rolls and place them seamside down in the prepared pan, leaving a little space in between each roll. Cover the pan with buttered plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until the rolls rise almost to the rim of the pan and have more than doubled in size, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.nRemove the plastic wrap and brush the tops of the buns with beaten egg. Bake rolls until golden brown and puffy, and an instant read thermometer inserted into the center of the rolls registers 190 degrees F, about 25 minutes.nFor the glaze: Stir together confectioners sugar, milk, lemon zest and vanilla until smooth. Transfer icing to a zip bag or pastry bag, and make a small cut in the corner of the bag. Ice buns in a thick cross shape over the top of the warm buns., ingredients: [12 cup water, 12 cup whole milk, 12 cup sugar, 4 12 teaspoons active dry yeast 2 14 ounce packages, 13 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus as needed, 1 large egg yolk, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour 13 ounces, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 cup currants, plumped in the microwave and cooled, 1 egg beaten, for brushing, 2 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 tablespoons milk, 14 teaspoon finely gated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Hot Cross Buns, picturelink: pxb1jM9fgh5uMD.Jiw9IRXTkDNqSBba}, 25007: {instructions: For the lardo: Mix together the salt, fennel seed, lavender, meat cure, white pepper and nutmeg. Rub the mixture on all sides of the pork fat and place in a plastic, stainless steel or glass container. Cover with plastic wrap, and then foil, and put a heavy plate or lid on top to force out moisture. Refrigerate for 5 days to cure.nRemove the plastic wrap and foil, rinse, and pat dry. Let air dry in a bowl for 10 days on a rack in the refrigerator.nFor the steamed clams: Heat the olive oil in a heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and shallots and saute until translucent. Add the clams, chile flakes, bay leaves, thyme, some salt and the wine. Cover and steam until the clams open. Cool the cooked clams in the refrigerator reserve the cooking liquid. Shell the clams and discard the shells.nFor the chowder: Combine the fish fumet, reserved clam cooking liquid and corn cobs in a saucepan over medium heat and simmer for 30 minutes to create the chowder broth. Strain through a fine mesh strainer.nLadle 4 cups of the broth into a saucepan with the shell beans, roasted corn kernels, potatoes, butter and some salt, black pepper and chile flakes. Cook until reduced and the broth slightly thickens, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley and 1 cup of the shelled, cooked clams.nFor the cobia: Sprinkle the cobia with salt and black pepper. Heat the canola oil in a pan until hot, and then sear the fish, topside down. When the fish is cooked about halfway through, add the butter, thyme, bay leaves and garlic to the pan. As the butter melts, baste the fish using a large spoon until cooked through.nFor assembly: Slice the lardo paperthin with a sharp knife and lay the slices over the seared, hot cobia. The lardo will melt over the hot fish. Spoon the clam chowder into the bottom of 6 deep singleserving bowls and top with seared fish., ingredients: [Lardo:, 12 cup coarse salt, 1 teaspoon ground fennel seed, 1 teaspoon ground lavender, 12 teaspoon meat cure, such as InstaCure number 1, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 pound pork back fat, Steamed Clams:, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 shallots, sliced, 5 pounds live clams, 14 teaspoon crushed red chile flakes, 3 fresh bay leaves, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, Coarse salt, 1 bottle dry white wine, Chowder:, 4 cups fish fumet fish stock, 4 corn cobs, kernels scraped, seasoned with salt and pepper and panroasted, 1 cup shell beans, such as cranberry, shucked and blanched, 12 cup potatoes, medium dice, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, Red chile flakes, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Cobia:, Six 6ounce portions cobia fish, 14 cup canola oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 fresh bay leaves, 3 whole garlic cloves, smashed], title: Cobia with New Smyrna Clam Chowder, picturelink: psqm0UHUi6mX.ZQg88WKzWLrLtUlhvK}, 25008: {instructions: Place garlic on square of foil and drizzle with a little olive oil. Roast in a 400 degree oven for 20 minutes or until tender. Peel garlic and coarsely chop. Heat oil in a large pot and stir in garlic. Add pepper flakes and parsley. Pour in wine and bring to a simmer. Add clams and cover pot. Cook about 8 minutes or until clams are all open. Discard unopened clams. Remove clams from pot and pour off liquid into a bowl, leaving any sand in the bottom of the pot. Rinse the pot and return clams and liquid to the pot. Stir in linguine and toss to coat. Serve immediately., ingredients: [I dozen little neck clams, scrubbed clean, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 cup white wine, 12 ounces fresh linguine, cooked and drained], title: Linguine with Roasted Garlic and Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 25009: {instructions: Cook coriander seeds in a small dry saute pan just until the aroma is released. Crush seeds using the bottom of a heavy pot or a mortar and pestle. Mix seeds with salt, pepper, and sugar in a small bowl and reserve.nSlice salmon in half across width and lay pieces side by side on counter, fleshside up. Divide dry spice mixture in half and sprinkle one half over both pieces. Place half the dill sprigs on 1 piece of salmon and top with remaining piece of salmon to enclose the spices and herbs, as if making a sandwich. Make the sandwich even by placing the thick end of salmon of top of thin end.nEvenly coat outside of salmon sandwich with remaining spices and dill. Tightly wrap in 2 layers of plastic wrap, place in a shallow baking dish, and top with weights canned goods or milk cartons are good. Refrigerate 3 days, turning over every 12 hours.nTo serve, scrape off spices and dill. Slice thinly and serve cold with Dill Mayonnaise and thinly sliced black bread.nIn a bowl, combine egg yolks, mustard, vinegar, and sugar. Blend with whisk. Gradually add olive oil and soybean oil, a drop at a time, whisking constantly. As mayonnaise begins to thicken, add oils more generously. Whisk in dill, salt, and pepper. Adjust seasonings and store in refrigerator up to 4 days., ingredients: [2 tablespoons whole coriander seeds, 14 cup coarse salt, 14 cup cracked black peppercorns, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 pounds skinless salmon fillet, 1 bunch fresh dill, Dill Mayonnaise recipe below, Thinly sliced black bread, 4 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons tarragon vinegar, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 14 cups olive oil, 34 cup soybean oil, 1 bunch chopped fresh dill leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper], title: Gravlax with Dill Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 25010: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the eggs in a large saucepan and cover completely with cool water. Bring to a boil and then cover and remove from the heat. Let the eggs sit in the hot water for 9 minutes, then drain and cool in an ice bath.nPeel the eggs, then halve lengthwise. Remove the yolks and place them in a bowl. Add the mayonnaise, Pickled Shallots, gherkins, mustard and vinegar, and use a fork to mash the ingredients together until smooth. Alternatively, use a food processor. Add the chives, parsley, bacon, scallion whites and some salt and pepper.nTransfer the filling to a piping bag fitted with a medium round tip or a resealable plastic bag with one corner of the bag snipped off. Pipe the filling into the egg whites, then top each with scallion greens, pickled shallots, some paprika and a sprinkle of bacon.nPlace the vinegar, 14 cup water, the sugar, salt and coriander seeds in a small saucepan, and bring to a boil.nPlace the shallots in a medium heatproof bowl and pour the hot liquid over the top. Cool to room temperature, and then cover and refrigerate for 1 hour., ingredients: [12 large eggs, 13 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup Pickled Shallots, chopped, recipe follows, plus more for garnish, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 3 gherkins, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, 4 slices bacon, cooked and chopped, plus more for garnish, 1 scallion, white part finely minced and green part thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon coriander seeds, 5 small shallots, peeled and thinly sliced into rings], title: Ultimate Deviled Eggs, picturelink: SemSq1U8.Bube.ZlJnxkpJgYsH7XmVy}, 25011: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs and peppermint extract until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture until just combined.nDivide the dough in half and transfer to the prepared baking sheet evenly spaced apart shape each half into an 8by2inch log. Bake until lightly browned and just firm on the outside, about 25 minutes.nRemove the logs from the oven and let stand 10 minutes reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Transfer the logs to a cutting board slice crosswise on an angle about 12 inch thick. Arrange the slices cutside down on the baking sheet. Return to the oven and bake, flipping halfway through, until dry, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely. The cookies will continue to crisp as they cool.nPut the white chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until smooth. Dip the biscotti in the white chocolate and sprinkle with the crushed candy canes. Let set, 45 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 13 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 14 teaspoon pure peppermint extract, 4 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 2 candy canes, crushed], title: Peppermint Biscotti, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 25012: {instructions: Combine 3 12 cups water, the milk, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Slowly add the grits, whisking constantly. Reduce the heat to low cook, stirring often, until thickened, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the cheese until melted season with salt and pepper. Keep warm over very low heat.nMeanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the carrots and cook until slightly softened, 2 minutes. Add the sugar snap peas and large scallion pieces season with salt and toss. Add 2 tablespoons water, cover and simmer until the vegetables are crisptender, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the mustard. Transfer to a bowl and cover to keep warm.nWipe out the skillet and melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat. Crack in the eggs season with salt and pepper. Cook until the whites start setting, about 3 minutes, then cover and cook until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, 1 to 2 more minutes. Top each serving of grits with a fried egg, the vegetables, parsley, dill and sliced scallion.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [12 cup milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup quickcooking grits, 1 cup grated dill havarti cheese about 4 ounces, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 carrots, thinly sliced, 8 ounces sugar snap peas, trimmed and halved, 5 scallions 4 cut into 1inch pieces, 1 thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 4 large eggs, 14 cup fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh dill], title: Cheesy Grits with Fried Eggs and Vegetables, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 25013: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mist 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. Beat the butter, canola oil, honey, egg, almond butter and vanilla extract in a large bowl with a mixer until combined.nIn another bowl, whisk the dry milk, flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture and stir to combine. Stir in the oats and raisins.nScoop tablespoonfuls of batter about 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake until golden, about 12 minutes. Let the cookies cool 2 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a rack to cool completely. Store in a loosely covered container for up to 3 days.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup canola oil, 12 cup honey, 1 large egg, 14 cup smooth unsalted almond butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup nonfat dry milk, 1 cup wholewheat pastry flour or 12 cup each allpurpose and wholewheat flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups rolled oats, 12 cup raisins], title: Honey OatmealRaisin Cookies, picturelink: dUw8O2wBIuf6Vai7T8aoBmrXirJCUy}, 25014: {instructions: Special equipment: About 75 squares of colored foil or cellophane, for wrapping, optionalnLine a 13 by 17inch cookie sheet with sides with plastic wrap.nMelt the chocolate. Add the remaining ingredients, stir well, and scrape into the prepared pan. The mixture should be about 1 inch thick in the pan it will not fill the pan entirely. Cover and let set overnight at room temperature the mixture will be stiff but still flexible.nTurn the candy out onto a work surface and peel off the plastic wrap. Cut into 34inch wide strips, then use your hands to scrunch each strip into a log. Roll the logs thin between your hands or on the work surface until they are about 12inch in diameter. Cut into 1inch long sections. Set aside to firm up a bit before wrapping or serving the mixture warms up and softens as you handle it.nRoll each candy up in a square of colored foil or cellophane, twisting the ends to secure. You can also form the modeling chocolate into leaves, roses, ropes for initials or animals., ingredients: [12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup light corn syrup, 34 teaspoon warm water, 1 12 teaspoons orange extract], title: Homemade Chocolate Tootsie Rolls, picturelink: null}, 25015: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nButter a large 11 x 8 12 x 3 inches casserole dish and set aside. Once in the oven, the casserole will sit inside a larger pan. A roasting pan would be good. Mix the eggs, cream, and vanilla in a large bowl, and combine the sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a separate bowl. This helps to evenly distribute the spices. Add the sugar mixture to the egg mixture, and combine thoroughly.nPlace the raisins in the bottom of the buttered casserole, and add the bread slices in a single layer. Gently pour the custard over the bread, making certain that all the bread thoroughly soaks up the custard. Cover the casserole with foil, place in a larger dish the roasting pan, if thats what youve decided to use partly filled with hot water, and bake for 2 12 hours. Remove the foil, add increase the oven temperature to 300 degrees. Bake for 1 hour more, or until the pudding is golden brown and slightly firm. Use a spoon to make sure the custard is fully cooked it should be moist but no longer runny. If youre unsure whether its done, remove it from the oven and let it cool while it remains sitting in the water bath the carryover effect will keep it cooking but it will not overcook. Serve slightly warm with whiskey sauce.nBring the cream to a boil, combine the cornstarch and water, and add the mixture to the boiling cream, stirring constantly. Return to a boil, then reduce the heat and cook, stirring, for about 30 seconds, being careful not to burn the mixture. Add the sugar and bourbon, and stir. Let cool to room temperature., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 12 medium eggs, beaten, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 4 ounces dayold French bread, sliced 1 inch thick see Note, Whiskey Sauce see below, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons cold water, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup bourbon], title: Creole Bread Pudding with Whiskey Sauce, picturelink: null}, 25016: {instructions: Prepare an outdoor grill with a high heat for both direct and indirect grilling. Position a drip pan under the grate on the cooler side of the grill.nBrush the pork chops on both sides with oil and season with salt and black pepper to taste. Set aside for 15 minutes.nGrill the chops over the heat until brown on both sides, about 4 minutes per side. Move them to the cool side of the grill and brush with some of the PeachMustard BBQ Sauce. Cook the chops, covered, turning and basting with sauce every 5 minutes, until an instantread thermometer inserted crosswise into the chops registers 140 degrees F, about 15 minutes more. Let rest for 10 minutes.nTo serve: Drizzle the chops with more sauce and serve.nMelt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the vinegar and boil until almost completely reduced and the mixture looks like wet sand, about 4 minutes. Whisk in both mustards and the jam or preserves. Simmer, whisking, until jam melts, about 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the bourbon and salt.nYield: about 1 14 cups, ingredients: [4 1 12inch thick pork chops, Safflower or corn oil, for brushing, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, PeachMustard BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 12 cup wholegrain mustard, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 34 cup peach jam or preserves, 1 tablespoon bourbon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: PeachMustard Pork Chops, picturelink: qLxsEbG0OFtvGhBxxoigjV7KVr0E6xe}, 25017: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine 34 cup sugar and 1 12 tablespoons water in a 10inch ovenproof skillet and stir until the mixture looks like wet sand. Cook over mediumhigh heat, gently swirling the pan occasionally but not stirring, until light amber, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and arrange the plums in concentric circles over the caramel set the skillet aside.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a bowl. Beat the butter and the remaining 1 cup sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition, then beat in the vanilla. Whisk the milk, sour cream and lemon zest in a small bowl. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture to the butter mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the milk mixture, beginning and ending with the flour, and mix until just incorporated. Pour the batter over the plums and spread evenly.nTransfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the cake is golden and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 50 minutes. Cover loosely with foil if the cake is browning too quickly. Let sit 15 minutes, then invert onto a platter and let cool completely.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 34 cups sugar, 4 plums, cut into 12inch wedges about 1 14 pounds, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup milk, 14 cup sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest from 1 lemon], title: Plum UpsideDown Cake with Lemon, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 25018: {instructions: 1. In large nonstick skillet melt 2 teaspoons butter. Add onion. Cook, uncovered, over mediumlow heat about 10 minutes or until onion is tender and beginning to brown, stirring occasionally.n2. Add mushrooms to onion. Cook, stirring occasionally, over mediumlow heat for 3 to 4 minutes or until mushrooms are tender. Remove from skillet. Keep warm.n3. Add burgers to same skillet. Cook over medium heat, uncovered, for 7 to 8 minutes or until heated through, turning once. Remove from skillet. Keep warm.n4. Remove skillet from heat. Carefully wipe out skillet with paper towel. Lightly spread 2 teaspoons softened butter on one side of bread slices. Place two bread slices, butter side down, in skillet. Top with burgers, steak sauce, onion mixture and cheese. Place remaining bread slices, butter side up, on top. Cook, covered, over mediumlow heat for 2 to 4 minutes or until golden brown on bottoms. Turn. Cook, uncovered, for 2 to 3 minutes more or until cheese melts and bread is golden brown. Cut in half. Serve immediately.nON THE GRILL:nPreheat grillnUse a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 165 degrees F.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [2 slices Swiss cheese 2 ounces total, 2 teaspoons butter or margarine, 1 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms, 2 Grillers Primeu00ae Veggie Burgers, 2 teaspoons butter or margarine, softened, 4 slices marble rye bread, 1 tablespoon steak sauce], title: Steakhouse Grillers Prime Patty Melt, picturelink: 07hCnsKgi0RcEM3KnP8G5y6cQZ83diC}, 25019: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Stir together the sugar, butter, cinnamon, cumin and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl.nToss the sweet potatoes with the cornstarch in a large mixing bowl. Transfer half the sweet potatoes to a 6quart slow cooker. Spoon half the sugarbutter mixture on top. Add the remaining potatoes and sugarbutter mixture. Cook, covered, on low until the sweet potatoes are tender but not mushy, about 4 hours.nMeanwhile, spread the walnuts out on a baking sheet, and bake until very golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool, then roughly chop.nWhen the sweet potatoes are tender, gently stir in the lemon juice. Transfer the potatoes to a shallow serving dish, and let sit for 10 minutes the sauce will thicken as it sits. Toss the potatoes in the sauce to coat. Sprinkle with the chopped walnuts, pomegranate seeds and parsley., ingredients: [34 cup firmlypacked dark brown sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt, 5 pounds medium sweet potatoes about 7, peeled and sliced into 1inchthick rounds, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 cup walnut pieces, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup pomegranate seeds, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped], title: SlowCooker Sweet Potatoes with Walnuts and Pomegranate, picturelink: UuUHzJb4O4KaszivLFq2eq9OYVzmjQ6}, 25020: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a paring knife, cut a wedge out of each eggplant, from stem to base, just large enough to stick a spoon inside and scoop out the flesh inside. Discard the flesh you scoop out.nCoat a large saute pan with the oil and place over medium flame. Lightly fry the eggplants on all sides, until slightly charred and blistered remove to a platter and set aside.nReturn the pan to the heat and add the shallots and garlic, saute for 5 minutes, until soft and golden brown. Add the ground lamb to the pan and brown the meat well, breaking it up with a wooden spoon. Stir in the tomatoes, combine well, and let simmer for 5 minutes season with salt and pepper. Toss in a couple of handfuls of the parsley, the mint, and lemon juice continue to cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and let the stuffing cool slightly. Using a spoon, stuff the lamb filling into the eggplants until they feel full, but not overly packed.nArrange the eggplants in a single layer in a large saucepan, pour the chicken stock over them and lay the lemon slices on top of each eggplant, drizzle with some more olive oil. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes, or until fork tender. Garnish with fresh parsley before serving., ingredients: [8 baby eggplants, about the size of a lemon, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 shallots, minced, 4 garlic cloves, 2 pounds ground lamb, 3 large vineripe tomatoes, peeled and finely chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, reserve some for garnish, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 lemon, juiced, 34 cup chicken stock, 1 lemon, sliced paperthin], title: Stuffed Baby Eggplant, picturelink: null}, 25021: {instructions: Melt butter in a stockpot over medium heat. Add the onion and bay leaf, sweat down for 2 minutes until translucent. Sprinkle in the flour and stir until it dissolves. Whisk in the stock, stirring constantly until smooth and free of lumps. Gradually pour in the milk, cream, and paprika continue to stir until incorporated. Add half the crab meat and roe. Season with salt and pepper. Cook for 15 minutes until thick and heated through.nTo serve, divide a tablespoon of sherry among 4 bowls. Ladle the soup into the bowls, spooning the remaining crab meat and roe in the center of each. Garnish with chopped chives. Serve with crusty French bread.nPour water in a large stockpot and place over lowmedium flame. Add the vegetables and bouquet garni cook for 5 minutes until the vegetables begin to become tender. Add the lemon juice, crab boil seasoning, peppercorns, wine and salt. Simmer gently for 15 minutes, stirring to mingle flavors. Carefully put the crabs in the pot and continue to cook for another 15 minutes. The crab shells will be bright orange when done. Remove and shell the crabs. Strain the stock to discard the vegetable solids, reserving the crab meat and stock., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, finely diced, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 cups White Crab Stock, recipe follows, 2 cups milk, 1 cup cream, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 pound cooked Atlantic Blue crab meat, divided, 12 cup crab roe, divided, Salt and pepper, to taste, 14 cup sherry, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, French bread, 2 quarts cold water, 1 onion, peeled and halved, 1 garlic bulb, halved, 1 turnip, split, 2 celery stalks, split, Bouquet garni 4 sprigs fresh parsley, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves and 1 leek  tied together with string, 12 lemon, juice, 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning, 12 teaspoon whole white peppercorns, 12 cup white wine, Sea salt, to taste, 6 live Atlantic Blue crabs], title: South Carolina SheCrab Soup, picturelink: 3hdvLnm7dxUFhNtoHIT8IURMpskuOMa}, 25022: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: kitchen stringnTo make the pastry: Combine the flour and salt in a very large mixing bowl. Add the butter and mix with a pastry blender or your hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pour in the ice water and work it in to bind the dough until it holds together without being too wet or sticky. Squeeze a small amount together, if it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Wrap the large ball of dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate while preparing the rest of the recipe feel free to make the dough the night before if you prefer.nTo make the chicken broth: Put the chicken in a large stockpot and cover with 3 quarts of cool water. Add the vegetables and herbs and bring it up to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Simmer, uncovered, for 1 hour skimming frequently as the oil rises to the surface. What were doing here is not only cooking the chicken but also creating the base sauce for the pot pie. Its the old trick of killing two birds with one stone  or one pot as the case may be. Remove the chicken to a platter to cool. When its cool enough to handle shred the chicken meat, discarding the skin and bones, and set aside. Using a colander, strain the chicken broth into another pot and discard the solids you should have about 2 quarts when youre done.nTo make the pot pie filling: Wipe out the stockpot and put it back on the stovetop over mediumlow heat. Melt the butter and just as the foam subsides, add the flour, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or whisk to prevent lumps. This is a roux, which will act as a thickener. Cook and stir the roux until its the color of a California blonde. Now, gradually pour in the reserved chicken broth, whisking the entire time to prevent lumps. Whisk and simmer for 10 minutes to cook out the starchy taste of the flour and thicken the broth it should look like cream of chicken soup. Fold in the carrots, pearl onions, peas, garlic, rosemary, thyme, and lemon juice stir to combine. Simmer for 10 minutes to soften the vegetables a bit season the mixture with salt and pepper. Stir in the shredded chicken until incorporated, remove from the heat and cool to room temperature it will get quite thick as it cools down.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTake the dough out of the refrigerator and set it out on the counter for 5 minutes to warm up a bit, making it easier to roll out.nSprinkle the counter and a rolling pin lightly with flour. Roll the dough out into a big 14 by 20inch rectangle. Carefully transfer the dough to a large rectangular pizza stone or standard sheet pan, leaving about 1 foot of the pastry hanging off 1 end. Spoon the cooled chicken filling on the pastry that is on the pizza stone, leaving a border around the sides. Lightly beat the egg with 3 tablespoons of water to make an egg wash and brush it on the dough border. Fold the free dough over the filling like a blanket and crimp the ends with a fork to form a tight seal it should look like a big pillow. Brush the top of the giant chicken pie with the remaining egg wash, sprinkle with the coarse salt, and cut tiny slashes in the top so steam can escape. Place the chicken pie in the oven and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour until puffed and golden. Let the chicken pie rest for 10 minutes before moving it. Run a spatula underneath the pot pie to loosen it from the pizza stone. Scoop out the chicken pie with a large serving spoon., ingredients: [4 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, cold and cut into small chunks, 34 cup ice water, plus more if needed, 1 4 to 5 pound free range whole chicken, 3 carrots, cut in 2inch pieces, 3 celery stalks, cut in 2inch pieces, 1 onion, halved, 1 head garlic, halved horizontally, 2 turnips, halved, Bouquet garni: 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, 1 bay leaf  all tied together with, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 carrots, cut in 12inch circles, 1 cup pearl onions, peeled, about 34 pound, 1 cup fresh sweet peas, about 1 pound, 1 garlic clove, chopped, Leaves from 8 fresh thyme sprigs, Needles from 1 fresh rosemary sprig, chopped, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 egg mixed with 3 tablespoons of water, for egg wash, Coarse salt], title: FamilyStyle Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: b2SS6Tt2x2EnyJVr..c7BICkKe3qW5q}, 25023: {instructions: In a small pot over low heat, combine sugar and water. Swirl the pot over the burner to dissolve the sugar completely. Do not stir. Increase the heat and boil to softball stage 235 to 240 degrees. Use a candy thermometer for accuracy. Wash down the inside wall of the pot with a wet pastry brush. This will help prevent sugar crystals from forming around the sides, falling in and causing a chain reaction. Prepare your meringue.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, whip the eggs whites on low speed until foamy. Add the cream of tartar, increase the speed to medium, and beat until soft peaks form.nWith the mixer running, pour the hot sugar syrup in a thin stream over fluffed egg whites. Beat until the egg whites are stiff and glossy. Spread the meringue over a hot cake or pie, and bake as directed.nFor Meringue Cloud Cookies: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper. Dollop spoonfuls of meringue onto baking pans, alternatively you may use a pastry bag with a star tip. Bake for 2 hours until crisp. Turn off the oven and allow meringues to cool and completely dry out., ingredients: [1 cup superfine sugar, 13 cup water, 5 egg whites, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: Italian Meringue, picturelink: null}, 25024: {instructions: Place the raisins in a small bowl and cover with boiling water. Allow to sit for 5 minutes and then drain.nFit a food processor with the grating blade. Cut the carrots in half and place in the feed tube so they are lying on their sides. Process in batches. Place the grated carrots in a medium bowl, add the lemon juice and toss.nFor the dressing, whisk together the sour cream, mayonnaise, sugar and salt. Pour the dressing over the carrots and add the pineapple and raisins. Toss together and serve., ingredients: [13 cup golden raisins, 1 pound carrots, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup diced fresh pineapple], title: Barefoot Carrot Salad, picturelink: T4b2jcHzrmeNGbAtRUze1NayvA2tfG}, 25025: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the egg whites until fluffy, about 30 seconds. Add the cream, lox, lemon zest, salt, and pepper.nIn a 10inch, ovenproof, nonstick skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the arugula and garlic. Cook, stirring frequently, until the arugula has wilted, about 1 minute. Pour the egg mixture into the pan and stir to combine the ingredients. Cook, without stirring for 4 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until set, about 10 to 12 minutes.nSlide the frittata onto a platter. Using a serrated knife, cut the frittata into wedges and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [8 egg whites, at room temperature, 12 cup whipping cream, 6 ounces lox, chopped into 12inch pieces, 1 lemon, zested, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 packed cups 2 ounces arugula, 1 clove garlic, minced], title: Egg White Frittata with Lox and Arugula, picturelink: SQuGQbhbIrxzXejydrelJzcXZUtSMYG}, 25026: {instructions: Fill a kettle with cold water and set it to boil. As the water nears a boil, pour a little of it into a teapot to warm it, swirling the water around and then discarding it.nFor each cup of tea desired, place a spoonful of loose tea leaves into the empty, warmed teapot. Pour the boiling water into the teapot and let the tea steep 3 to 6 minutes, depending on the type of tea leaves.nGently stir the tea before pouring it through strainers into teacups. Serve with milk and sugar cubes, or lemon slices and honey., ingredients: [Irish breakfast tea leaves, Milk, Sugar cubes, Lemon slices, Honey], title: Perfect English Tea, picturelink: null}, 25027: {instructions: Rinse the pork loin medallions, place in a bowl. Combine the marinade ingredients and coat the pork loin pieces evenly. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 8 hours. Grill the loins for about 5 to 8 minutes on each side. As the pork cooks, brush with marinade. Transfer the pork to a heated dinner plate and serve at once., ingredients: [2 boneless pork loins, 14 cup chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 14 cup minced shallots, 5 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 tablespoon minced lemon zest, 13 cup dry white wine, 13 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup oyster sauce, 14 cup honey, 1 teaspoon chipotle chili sauce], title: Grilled Pork Lion with Garlic Rosemary Marinade, picturelink: xEST1jNkOqE3n2iXu8LuxBrHoM0rnW}, 25028: {instructions: Bring the water, wine, white onion, celery, peppercorns, and parsley sprigs to a boil in a medium nonreactive skillet. Reduce the heat to low, season the cod with salt and pepper and poach until just cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the cod to plate lined with paper towels, when cool enough to handle, shred the cod into pieces with a fork. While the cod is poaching, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a small saute pan. Add the red onion, garlic, and jalapeno, and saute until soft. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let cool slightly.nMix the mayonnaise, mustard, and horseradish together in a large bowl. Add the lobster, cod, and onion mixture, and mix until combined. Fold in the bread crumbs and parsley, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nForm the mixture into eight cakes, place on a baking sheet, and refrigerate for 1 hour.nPlace the flour in a medium shallow bowl and season with salt and pepper. Dredge the cakes in the flour and tap off any excess. Heat the remaining oil in a large saute pan until almost smoking. Saute the cakes on both sides until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes per side.nServe with Red Cabbage Slaw with Fresh Basil Dressing.nPlace vinegar, onion, garlic, mayonnaise, mustard, and basil in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCombine the cabbage and carrots in a large bowl. Pour the vinaigrette over and mix to combine. Season with salt and pepper and let sit 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 cups cold water, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 white onion, coarsely chopped, 1 stalk celery, coarsely chopped, 4 black peppercorns, 4 sprigs parsley, 1 pound fresh cod fillets, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 red onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 12 cup best quality mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, l pound cooked lobster meat, shredded, 12 cup Japanese bread crumbs, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 cups instant flour, Red Cabbage Slaw with Fresh Basil Dressing, recipe follows, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped red onion, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoons best quality mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup packed chopped fresh basil leaves, 34 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large head red cabbage, finely shredded, 2 carrots, finely shredded], title: LobsterCod Cakes with Red Cabbage Slaw and Fresh Basil Dressing, picturelink: null}, 25029: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.n2 to 3 days before roasting:nBegin thawing the turkey in the refrigerator or in a cooler kept at 38 degrees F.nCombine the vegetable stock, salt, brown sugar, peppercorns, allspice berries, and candied ginger in a large stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Stir occasionally to dissolve solids and bring to a boil. Then remove the brine from the heat, cool to room temperature, and refrigerate.nEarly on the day or the night before youd like to eat:nCombine the brine, water and ice in the 5gallon bucket. Place the thawed turkey with innards removed breast side down in brine. If necessary, weigh down the bird to ensure it is fully immersed, cover, and refrigerate or set in cool area for 8 to 16 hours, turning the bird once half way through brining.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Remove the bird from brine and rinse inside and out with cold water. Discard the brine.nPlace the bird on roasting rack inside a half sheet pan and pat dry with paper towels.nCombine the apple, onion, cinnamon stick, and 1 cup of water in a microwave safe dish and microwave on high for 5 minutes. Add steeped aromatics to the turkeys cavity along with the rosemary and sage. Tuck the wings underneath the bird and coat the skin liberally with canola oil.nRoast the turkey on lowest level of the oven at 500 degrees F for 30 minutes. Insert a probe thermometer into thickest part of the breast and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Set the thermometer alarm if available to 161 degrees F. A 14 to 16 pound bird should require a total of 2 to 2 12 hours of roasting. Let the turkey rest, loosely covered with foil or a large mixing bowl for 15 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 14 to 16 pound frozen young turkey, 1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 gallon vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 12 teaspoons allspice berries, 1 12 teaspoons chopped candied ginger, 1 gallon heavily iced water, 1 red apple, sliced, 12 onion, sliced, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 cup water, 4 sprigs rosemary, 6 leaves sage, Canola oil], title: Good Eats Roast Turkey, picturelink: 0RorDadT4j.P.DA8t6qWiprcDJUOW}, 25030: {instructions: Heat grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. Fry pepperoni, transfer to paper towels to drain, pour off fat and wipe out pan. Melt butter in pan over medium heat. Whisk together eggs and milk, add to pan, and season with salt and pepper. Loosen edges to prevent eggs from sticking. When eggs begin to set, sprinkle with cheese and top with pepperoni and scallions. Remove from heat. Cover and let carryover cook until firm., ingredients: [1 teaspoon grapeseed oil, 12 pound beef pepperoni, peeled and sliced thinly lengthwise at the deli, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 eggs, 34 cup milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup grated white or yellow cheese, 2 tablespoons scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced on the bias], title: Pepperoni and Cheese Scrambled Eggs, picturelink: w1DmspcrHruEQeH6mpvaKt4qNo228zW}, 25031: {instructions: Trim the top off the leek, slice it lengthwise and chop it roughly. Soak the leek briefly in water to remove sand and grit, then drain. Heat a heavy bottomed skillet over medium heat, and butter and sweat celery and leeks in the butter until very soft DO NOT BROWN. Add the roasted chestnuts and chicken stock and bring to a simmer. If you are using frozen chestnuts, simmer for approximately 20 minutes, or until the starch begins to develop and the soup begins to thicken. If fresh chestnuts are used, simmer for approximately 30 minutes or until the starch begins to develop and you can easily crush the nuts against the side of the pot with a spoon. Turn off heat and allow the soup to cool slightly, otherwise the stream from the hot soup may cause the blender to malfunction. Pour the soup into a blender or use an immersion blender right in the pot blend until there are no longer any large pieces of chestnut, celery and leeks and the soup is somewhat smooth. Very small pieces of chestnut should remain. Return soup to pot and bring to a simmer again, add the cream and the port. Reduce until slightly thickened. Season with salt and pepper to taste. If the soup becomes too thick, adjust the consistency by adding a bit of water. The soup should be stirred well before serving, if it is in a thermos, shake it very well before pouring into bowls., ingredients: [1 large leek, 1 celery stalk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 pound chestnuts, roasted and shelled or 12 pound. frozen chestnuts, roasted until light brown, 1 quart chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup port wine, Salt and pepper], title: Chestnut Soup, picturelink: null}, 25032: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRoast the peppers over the flame of a gas burner, on a hot grill, or under the broiler, until the skin is black and charred. Remove from the heat and place in a large bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit until cool enough to handle, about 15 to 20 minutes. With clean paper towels, wipe off the skin. Remove the stems and seeds and discard. If necessary, briefly rinse under cold water to remove any remaining charred skin. Dice the roasted peppers and set aside.nIn a large pot, bring salted water to a boil. Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the onion and cook just until translucent, but not browned, about 5 minutes. Add the reserved peppers and saute for 3 minutes.nBlanch the orzo in the boiling water for 4 to 5 minutes, or until beginning to cook, but still very al dente. Drain the orzo, reserving the pasta water, and add to the pepper mixture. Add 1 cup of the reserved pasta water and cook, stirring, until creamy and the pasta is cooked tender. Finish with another 14 cup pasta water if the mixture is too thick. Stir in the olives and goat cheese and mix until the goat cheese is melted. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Thin with pasta water if the mixture is too thick.nGarnish with parsley, olives, and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, 2 yellow bell peppers, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for garnish, 12 medium yellow onion, finely diced, 12 ounces orzo, 14 cup chopped kalamata olives in oil, drained, plus more for garnish, 3 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Orzo with Roasted Peppers, Olives, and Goat Cheese, picturelink: hkimEkGT2pZ8WJbWQ7xwHteG7ax4K.}, 25033: {instructions: Place the cornmeal, baking powder, salt, egg and water into a bowl and stir to combine. Once mixed, stir in the corn. The mixture should be the consistency of pancake batter. Brush the lid or griddle with vegetable oil until shimmering. Pour enough batter onto the lid or griddle to form a 4 inch round, approximately 2 tablespoons. Depending on the size of your griddle or lid, you can cook more than 1 cake at a time. Cook until brown on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Serve immediately or transfer to a warm 200 degree F oven until all of the cakes are done.nPlace a cast iron griddle over medium heat or prepare charcoal for cooking outdoors by heating coals in a chimney starter until hot and ashy.nCooktop:nPlace a cast iron skillet or griddle over medium heat. Brush with vegetable oil and heat until shimmering. Pour enough batter onto the skillet or griddle to form a 4inch round, approximately 2 tablespoons. Depending on the size of your griddle or skillet, you can cook more than 1 cake at a time. Cook until brown on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Serve immediately or transfer to a warm 200 degrees F oven until all of the cakes are done.nOutdoor coals:nUsing a Dutch oven with feet, turn the oven upside down. Place 22 hot, ashy coals on the bottom of the inverted oven. Lay the lid upside down on top of the Dutch oven feet and over the coals and allow to heat for 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup cornmeal, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 egg, 34 cup water, 12 cup fresh or thawed frozen corn, Vegetable oil], title: Dutch Oven Hoecakes, picturelink: 3KM7ChM891BAitZxNyXw8FBGkyVjnC}, 25034: {instructions: Heat oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat. Season the venison with salt and pepper, and saute until browned on all sides. Remove the meat to a plate and remove all but 3 tablespoons of the fat from the pan.nAdd the onions to the pan and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Add the ancho powder, pasilla powder, and cumin and cook an additional 2 minutes. Add the beer and cook until completely reduced. Return the venison to the pot, add the chicken stock, tomatoes, chipotle puree, and honey, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium, cover the pan, and simmer for 45 minutes. Add the beans and continue cooking for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the lime juice, and adjust seasonings.nServe with a dollop of Toasted Cumin Crema and a square White Cheddar Corn Bread.nPlace the cumin in a small saute pan over medium heat. Toast until lightly golden brown. Place in a small bowl. Stir in the crema and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place in a squeeze bottle.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the butter, cornmeal, flour, baking powder, eggs, and salt. Process 20 to 30 seconds, until just mixed, fold in the cheese. You may have to do this in 2 batches. Pour in the buttermilk, cheese, and honey, and process for 20 seconds more. Pour into a buttered 12 by 12inch pan, and bake for 40 to 45 minutes, until firm to the touch and golden. Cut into squares., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 pounds venison shoulder, cut into 12inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large red onion, finely diced, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 bottle dark beer, 5 cups homemade chicken stock, or low sodium canned or water, 1 16ounce can chopped tomatoes, drained and pureed, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 cups cooked or canned black beans, rinsed and drained, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Toasted Cumin Crema, recipe follows, White Cheddar Cornbread, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon cumin seed, 1 cup creme fraiche or Mexican crema, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups coarsely ground white cornmeal, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 23 cups buttermilk, 34 cup finely grated white cheddar, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Venison and Black Bean Chili with Toasted Cumin Creme Fraiche and White Cheddar Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 25035: {instructions: Peel banana and break into chunks. Add a hand full of ice cubes to blender and blend to break up. Add banana, blend. Add peanut butter, milk, vanilla and cinnamon. Blend until smooth. Pour into glass and serve., ingredients: [1 banana, Ice cubes, 3 tablespoons smooth peanut butter, 1 cup skim milk, 1 drop vanilla, Cinnamon], title: Peanut Butter Banana Shake, picturelink: null}, 25036: {instructions: In a small stock pot on high heat, coat lightly with olive oil and saute the leeks, sliced garlic, kaffir, lemongrass, and ginger until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the mussels and clams, stir, and season. Deglaze with wine, and cover, to steam open the shellfish.nCheck after 3 to 5 minutes, most of the shellfish should be slightly opened. Remove and discard the tightly closed shellfish. Add the stock. Bring to a simmer and reduce by 13.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan coated very lightly with olive oil, saute the smashed garlic until light brown. Add the saffron and stir. Season and add the cream. Bring to a simmer and reduce by 13. Transfer to a blender and puree smooth. Check for seasoning.nRemove and discard the kaffir, lemongrass, and ginger pieces. Add the fish sauce and check for seasoning.nWhile still simmering, add the cod and shrimp, and cook for 3 minutes. Then add the crab and lime juice and check again for flavor.nIn 4 heated rice bowls, ladle the soup with the seafood. Serve immediately, drizzled with SaffronGarlic Foam, or, if possible, place the warm SaffronGarlic Foam in a cream canister with 2 cartridges and foam on top of the soup.nBeverage: Domaine Tempier from Bandol, ingredients: [Olive oil, to cook, 1 leek, white part only, julienned, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, plus 10 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 kaffir lime leaves, 1 lemongrass stalk, white part only, smashed, 2 large pieces ginger, 8 mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 8 Manila clams, scrubbed, 2 cups dry white wine, 4 cups fish stock or dashi, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 4 ounces rock cod, cut into 8 squares, 4 large shrimp U10, peeled, deveined, and butterflied, 12 pound Maine crab, picked, 2 limes, juiced, 12 teaspoon saffron, 2 cups heavy cream, Fleur de sel and fresh black pepper], title: Asian Soupe de Poissin with SaffronGarlic Foam, picturelink: null}, 25037: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place a 12inch castiron skillet on the center rack as it preheats. Bring the pizza dough to room temperature.nDust the counter surface with bench flour. Stretch out the dough to a 12inch circle. Drizzle the hot skillet lightly with just 1 tablespoon of oil. Lift up the skillet by the handle and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan completely.nAdd the dough to the hot skillet and carefully stretch it to go halfway up the sides. Press your fingers into the dough to make small indents. Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the red onions and rosemary. Top with the freshly grated Parmesan.nBake on the middle rack until lightly golden brown, about 35 minutes. Slice into wedges to serve., ingredients: [One 1pound package storebought pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: CastIron Skillet Focaccia, picturelink: apJkoBnXriin9Q8x2hJdLzSAjQurvq}, 25038: {instructions: Two 3inch wide long loaves French crusty bread 8 inches of bread per sandwich, splitnFor the pesto: In a food processor, combine the basil, peas, Parm, mint, tarragon, garlic and about 12 cup EVOO. Season with salt and pepper and process to almost smooth. Transfer to a small container until ready to use. Or refrigerate and bring to room temperature when ready to serve.nFor the beef: Bring the roast to room temperature. Sprinkle the meat with the salt, pepper and rosemary.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nHeat 2 tablespoons EVOO in a Dutch oven or large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown the meat evenly, 5 minutes. Then transfer to the oven and roast 30 minutes, or until the internal temperature registers 120 degrees F on a meat thermometer.nTransfer the roast to a cutting board and cover with foil, 30 minutes. Wrap and store if not serving right away.nTo serve, very thinly slice the meat. Heat the stock to warm but not boiling. Quickly dip the meat in the stock and place on the French bread. Top with the green pea pesto and set the bun top in place., ingredients: [1 cup fresh basil leaves about 20, 1 cup defrosted frozen green peas, 14 cup grated Parmesan, About 14 cup fresh mint leaves, About 14 cup fresh tarragon leaves, 1 clove garlic, pasted, 1 12 to 2 pounds beef eye of round roast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons plus 12 cup EVOO, 2 cups beef stock], title: Roast Beef French Dip with Green Pea Pesto, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 25039: {instructions: Make a bouquet garni: Tie tarragon stems, thyme, bay leaves, and peppercorns in a small square of cheesecloth. Place bouquet garni, sherry, celery, onion, and 5 cups water in a medium pot, and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat, and let simmer for 5 minutes. Season chicken breasts on both sides with salt and pepper. Add to the gently simmering liquid, and cook until firm and the juices run clear when pierced with a 2pronged fork, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the breasts from the poaching liquid, and arrange on serving plates. Drizzle with lemon vinaigrette. Serve with asparagus and rice pilaf, if desired.nCombine lemon juice, white wine vinegar, mustard, and sugar in a small bowl. In a slow, steady stream, whisking constantly, drizzle in olive oil until the mixture is thick and emulsified. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Stir in chopped tarragon, and serve. Yield: 34 cupnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F with a baking sheet inside. Trim and peel asparagus to the point on the stem where it is most tender. Wash well. While asparagus is still moist and wet, drizzle it with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Place on the preheated baking sheet, and roast until tender to the point of a knife, 25 to 30 minutes, depending on the size of the asparagus. Yield: 4 to 6 servingsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium ovenproof saucepan, heat olive oil. Add onion and mustard seed, and saute until onion is just wilted, about 2 minutes. Add bell pepper. Continue to cook until the vegetables become soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Add rice and salt. Stir well to combine and to coat rice with the oil. Add chicken stock, and bring to a boil. Cover tightly with a lid, and place in the oven. Cook until the liquid is absorbed and rice is al dente, about 17 minutes. Remove from the oven. Fluff with a fork, and stir in snipped chives. Serve immediately. Yield: 4 servings, ingredients: [6 to 8 stems fresh tarragon, leaves reserved for vinaigrette, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 cup sherry, 1 stalk celery, roughly chopped, 12 white onion, coarsely chopped, 5 cups water, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, split in half, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, Lemon Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Ovenroasted Asparagus, for serving, recipe follows, Rice Pilaf, for serving, recipe follows, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Pinch sugar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 to 8 sprigs tarragon, leaves picked and finely chopped stems reserved for bouquet garni for poaching the chicken, 2 pounds asparagus, as fat as possible, well washed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 white onion, finely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons yellow mustard seed, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 2 cups longgrain rice, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 3 cups homemade or canned lowsodium chicken broth, skimmed of fat, 1 small bunch chives, snipped with scissors], title: Chicken with Rice and Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 25040: {instructions: Cut the potatoes into quarters and place in a large saucepan with the garlic cloves. Fill the pot with water and season generously with salt. Taste the water, it should taste salty. Bring the pot to a boil over medium heat and cook the potatoes until they are fork tender. A fork, not a knife should slide in and out easily.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhen the potatoes are tender, drain the water from them and return the potatoes and garlic to the pan. Add the milk and sour cream. Using a potato masher or big spoon, gently mash the potatoes. Stir in the Cheddar, then taste and season with salt, if needed. Transfer the mixture to a baking dish. Combine the panko, grated Parmesan and the cayenne in a small bowl. Sprinkle it over the top of the potato mixture and bake until hot all the way through and is crispy and brown on top, about 20 minutes.nRemove from the oven, garnish with chopped chives and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 3 garlic cloves, peeled, Kosher salt, 1 cup milk, 1 cup sour cream, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 34 cup panko bread crumbs, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 bunch chives], title: Smashed Potato Gratin, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 25041: {instructions: In a microwave safe bowl, combine beans and stewed tomatoes, scallion and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. Loosely cover bowl with plastic food storage wrap and microwave on high 5 minutes, stir and microwave on high 2 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper, to taste and serve., ingredients: [1 large bag 18 ounces whole frozen green beans, 1 14ounce can stewed tomatoes, 2 scallions, chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, about 2 teaspoons, Salt and pepper], title: Green Beans and Stewed Tomatoes, picturelink: C2FWllY04WpBLdOZ23ACSHzUNkdNG3O}, 25042: {instructions: In a bowl, mix together the mayo, chili powder, cumin, garlic and a little salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 clove garlic, minced or run through a press, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Garlic Mayo, picturelink: I0Tw1pvAuPPjL1CqqY78NKoHUIpkpAu}, 25043: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the edamame: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil over high heat. Carefully dump in the edamame, cover, and boil until the edamame are cooked through, about 5 minutes. Drain and put them into a serving bowl. Sprinkle over some sea salt and chili powder serve immediately.nFor the jicama: Peel and cut the jicama into French fry size pieces. Put them into a bowl and sprinkle on some chili powder. Squeeze over some lime juice and mix well serve immediately.nFor the mango: Peel and cut the mango into chunks. Put them into a bowl and sprinkle on some chili powder. Squeeze over some lime juice and mix well serve immediately., ingredients: [1 16ounce package frozen edamame soy beans, Sea salt, Ancho chili powder, regular chili powder, or cayenne pepper, 1 medium jicama, Lime wedges, 2 fresh mangoes], title: Spicy Rub with Vegetables and Fruit, picturelink: CD18R4b0XI4KvyDfW8BfGDN4fDq7dsW}, 25044: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLay the bacon on a baking sheet. Bake until the fat has rendered and the bacon is crisp, about 20 minutes. Drain on paper towels, then the strips cut in half crosswise.nFor the shrimp remoulade: Heat the canola oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Sprinkle the shrimp with salt and pepper, and add to the pan in a single layer. Cook until just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Spread the shrimp, with their juices, on a plate and chill until cooled. Once cool, chop coarsely.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, horseradish, Dijon mustard, wholegrain mustard, lemon juice, celery, parsley and some hot sauce if using. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside 13 cup of the remoulade for spreading on bread. Fold the chopped shrimp and their juices into the remaining remoulade and mix until combined. Chill while you make the tomatoes.nFor the fried red tomatoes: Line a wire baking rack with several layers of paper towels and place over a baking sheet. Salt the tomato slices lightly on both sides and let sit on the paper towels for 30 minutes, turning halfway through, to drain of excess liquid.nWhisk together the buttermilk and eggs in a small shallow dish and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Whisk together the cornmeal, flour, pecorino, garlic powder, cayenne and onion powder in a medium shallow dish and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nHeat the oil in a highsided medium skillet over medium heat until almost smoking add a few bits of cornmeal to test the temperature. Season the tomatoes with pepper and dip them in the buttermilk mixture, allowing the excess to drain off then dredge them in the flour mixture, tapping off the excess. Fry the tomatoes until golden brown and crisp, turning once, 3 to 4 minutes total. Discard the paper towels from the rack and set the fried tomatoes on the rack to drain. Sprinkle with salt and parsley.nTo assemble the BLT: Spread some of the reserved remoulade on each piece of toast. Top with some lettuce, a generous amount of shrimp remoulade, some bacon and a few slices of fried tomato. Serve immediately, with knives and forks., ingredients: [8 strips applewoodsmoked bacon, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 14 cup finely diced celery, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, Hot sauce, optional, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 plum tomatoes, sliced into thick rounds, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 1 cup stoneground yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup grated pecorino Romano, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 1 cup canola oil, 12 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 4 thick slices pan de mie, toasted, Butter lettuce leaves, for serving], title: BLT with Fried Red Tomatoes and Shrimp Remoulade, picturelink: nIwogV5etiQ1pH5x7nlo.c3.mXmzXK}, 25045: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add onion and garlic, and cook until lightly colored, about 3 minutes. Add tomato, jalapeno and white wine. Cook until wine is reduced by 23, about 5 to 7 minutes. While sauce is reducing, heat butter in a separate skillet over medium heat. Season fish with kosher salt. When butter is melted, add halibut to the pan. Cook for 2 minutes, flip over and then transfer pan to preheated oven and bake until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove sauce from heat when reduced and stir in olives and olive juice.nTo serve, divide sauce equally among 4 dinner plates. Place halibut first caramelized side up in the center of each plate on top of the sauce. Place avocado slices on top of fish, sprinkle with lime juice and cilantro, as garnish., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup thinly sliced yellow onion, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 cups diced tomato, 1 medium jalapeno, diced, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 8ounce halibut fillets, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup Spanish olives, cut into thin rounds, plus 2 tablespoons olive juice from bottle, 2 medium avocados, peeled and sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Halibut Veracruz, picturelink: bylcgoGffMFXRJijqADaOISY9Li12RO}, 25046: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: kitchen twinenFor the lamb: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSoak the guajillo chiles in warm water to soften. Puree with 1 to 2 tablespoons of the soaking liquid in a small food processor or blender to make a paste.nIn a small bowl, combine the guajillo paste, fennel, parsley, rosemary, thyme, olive oil, garlic and 1 teaspoon each kosher salt and pepper.nCut the lamb lengthwise, stopping 12 inch before going all the way through. Open the lamb like a book and spread with the fresh herb and chile mixture. Close the lamb and tie with kitchen twine at 1inch intervals. Season the outside heavily with salt and pepper.nPut the lamb on a baking sheet and roast until golden brown, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and lower the temperature to 300 degrees F. Transfer the lamb to a Dutch oven or ovenproof pot, add the chicken broth and wine and cover. Return the lamb to the oven and braise until the internal temperature reaches 135 degrees F, about 1 hour. Transfer the lamb to a cutting board reserve the liquid in the pot and let rest for 20 minutes before slicing.nFor the roasted potatoes: Meanwhile, toss the potatoes with the olive oil and sea salt in a roasting pan. Roast until tender, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven, smash each potato to flatten slightly and then cook 10 more minutes.nPour the reserved lambbraising liquid in a saucepan, set over mediumhigh heat and reduce by half. Whisk in the flour while boiling to thicken. Season with salt and pepper.nServe the lamb and roasted potatoes with the sauce., ingredients: [2 guajillo chiles, stemmed and seeded, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh fennel fronds, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 tablespoon olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, smashed and minced, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, One 4 to 5pound boneless leg of lamb, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 cups dry red wine, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 2 pounds baby golden potatoes each about 1 inch in size, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Sea salt], title: Fresh Herb and Guajillo Roasted Lamb, picturelink: OMtndTwFkMsxKaGA.5PhPndkBnI9Kl6}, 25047: {instructions: Using a handheld electric mixer, whip the cream until frothy. While whipping at low speed, gently sprinkle in the sugar, cocoa powder, and cayenne until well combined.nTransfer to a bowl and serve with strawberries for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, Small pinch cayenne pepper, 2 pints strawberries, rinsed], title: Spicy Cocoa Cream and Strawberries, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 25048: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat, add 1 tablespoon olive oil and heat until very hot. Season the steak with salt and pepper. Turn on the exhaust fan and put the steak in the pan stand back to prevent being splattered. Cook until the steak is brown on the first side, about 2 minutes brown on the other side. Remove the steak to a rack or baking pan until you are ready to finish cooking it. When ready, put the steak into the oven and cook until done to your liking, about 10 minutes for rare. Remove the steak to a carving board and let it rest for 5 minutes.nPeel and cut the onions into thirds or quarters, depending on their size. Leave as much root on as possible to keep the wedges from falling apart. Heat 14 cup olive oil in the same skillet used to cook the meat over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the onions, reduce the heat to medium, and cook until brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Season them with salt and pepper. Place the pan of onions in the oven and roast until tender and very browned the onions tend to char around the edges, 15 to 20 minutes.nRemove the onions from the oven, add the garlic, and cook briefly until light brown. Add the thyme and stir. Add the vinegar stand back so as to not get splattered and toss well with the onions. Stir and scrape up all the browned bits clinging to the bottom of the pan.nTo serve, cut the meat off the bone, then carve it into thin slices. Put 1 slice of meat on each crostini and top with the roasted onions. Pour any juices from the carving board over the crostini. Serve immediately.nChefs Note: In order to cook the meat in the shortest amount of time and thus extract the most flavor, the meat must be at room temperature. Afterward, the meat must rest before carving. If this procedure is followed, the carving knife glides right through the steak.nA 1 12 pound porterhouse should give you about 14 ounces of meat off the bone, enough for 3 or even 4 people. However, if you are steak lovers, you might want to buy 2 steaks of that size for 4 people.nCrostini:n1 loaf crusty bread, sliced into 12inch thick slicesnExtravirgin olive oilnSalt and freshly ground black peppernPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the bread in a single layer on a cookie sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until the bread is golden brown and crisp, about 8 to 9 minutes.nYield: 6 to 8 servings, ingredients: [14 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 large porterhouse steak, about 1 12 pounds and 2inches thick, at room temperature, Salt, preferably gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 large red onions, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, Crostini, recipe follows], title: Bistecca with BalsamicRoasted Onion Crostini, picturelink: null}, 25049: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMake the Biscuits: Using a sieve over a bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt. Repeat. Add the butter and shortening and, using your fingertips, mix until crumbly. Add the buttermilk and mix with a wooden spoon until the dough just comes together. Dont over mixnTransfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and, using a rolling pin, roll out to 12 to 34inch thick rectangle. Using a 3 to 4inch round cutter, punch out biscuits and transfer them to a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Gently press the dough scraps into another rectangle and punch out more biscuits. Discard any scraps. Lightly dust the tops of the biscuits with flour and bake until golden brown, about 12 to 15 minutes. Let the biscuits cool slightly. Youll only need 6 biscuits for the sandwiches, so serve the rest with soup, spread with butter and jam, or just freeze for another day.nMake the Sandwiches: Preheat the broiler. Split 6 of the biscuits in half and spread the top halves with 1 tablespoon of tomato jam each.nDivide the ham among the bottom halves of the biscuits and sprinkle the cheese over the top.nArrange the bottom halves a baking sheet and place under a broiler until the cheese melts. Cover with the biscuit tops and serve immediately.nHeat 2 tablespoons of oil in a heavy bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, rosemary and pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until soft and fragrant. Add the tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until the tomatoes have given up most their water and turned a deep orange red, about 15 to 20 minutes. Whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 cups buttermilk, Tomato Jam, recipe follows, 34 cup grated Cheddar, 14 pound thinly sliced cooked country ham, such as Smithfield, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 Spanish onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Leaves from 2 rosemary sprigs, finely chopped, Pinch red pepper flakes, 4 cups peeled, seeded, and roughly chopped plum tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Buttermilk Biscuit Ham Sandwiches with Homemade Tomato Jam, picturelink: null}, 25050: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a 10inch highsided saute pan, bring 1 inch of water about 4 cups to a boil over high heat. Add the penne and the salt. Cook, stirring often, until the pasta is al dente, about 9 minutes there should be a little water left in the pan.nSprinkle the pecorino over the pasta toss to coat. Add the tomatoes, chile paste, chives, lemon zest, lemon juice and olive oil, and toss., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 cup grated pecorino, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, quartered, 3 tablespoons Calabrian hot pepper paste, 13 cup chopped chives, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, from 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, from 12 lemon, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Calabrian Chile Pasta, picturelink: xFZK95KntynCTuXEntsZSre0WqrCsH6}, 25051: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 wooden skewers, soaked in water for 12 hournPut all the yogurt, onion, ginger, garlic, cilantro, garam masala, cumin, coriander, salt, fennel seeds, chile powder, pepper, oil, and lemon juice into a food processor and blend until smooth. Pour the mixture into a large bowl and stir in the lamb cubes. Mix well to coat the lamb cubes. Cover the bowl and leave to marinate in the refrigerator for as long as possible, preferably overnight. Remove the bowl from the refrigerator and let it come to room temperature an hour before cooking.nPreheat the grill to medium heat or preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nThread the lamb cubes onto the skewers leaving a space between each piece and place under the grill. Cook for around 5 to 6 minutes, turning halfway through cooking, or until tender. Alternatively, cook in an oven for 8 minutes. Baste the skewers with the melted butter and cook for another minute or 2 for slightly pink meat, or longer if you prefer the lamb well done.nDivide the lamb pieces into five equal portions and place each portion in the center of a warmed tortilla. Top with a handful of the sliced vegetables and a spoonful of chutney. Roll up and serve., ingredients: [5 ounces Greekstyle yogurt, 12 small onion, roughly chopped, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 1 clove garlic, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons garam masala, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon red chile powder, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 pound lamb leg meat is ideal, bones removed, cut into 1inch cubes and pierced with a fork, 2 tablespoons melted butter, for basting, 5 readymade flour tortillas, wrapped in foil and placed in the oven for the last 5 minutes of cooking, 12 onion, finely sliced, 2 tomatoes, finely sliced, 1 Little Gem lettuce or romaine lettuce, finely sliced, 3 12 ounces Green chutney, mixed with 3 tablespoons yogurt, to serve], title: Tandoori Lamb Wrap, picturelink: KHkKnJHq.SVPRnpMFkFeNk0vQGiGi}, 25052: {instructions: Mix 1 tablespoon brown sugar with 12 teaspoon cinnamon and a pinch of salt. Halve 4 bananas lengthwise brush with 1 tablespoon melted butter and sprinkle with the cinnamon sugar. Wrap in foil and broil until golden, about 3 minutes. Top with frozen yogurt, toasted almonds and chopped chocolate andor raspberries.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Broiled Banana Splits, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 25053: {instructions: Special equipment: a trifle dishnIn a stand mixer, whip the cream until soft peaks form, then set aside. In a large bowl, beat the creme fraiche, milk and pudding mix until thickened. Fold in the whipped cream and set aside.nPlace half of the cubed pound cake in the bottom of the trifle dish. Arrange a third of the strawberries, blackberries and blueberries over the cake. Top with half of the pudding mixture. Repeat with the remaining pound cake, another third of berries and the remaining pudding. Top the final layer of pudding with the remaining berries. Refrigerate for 2 hours. Just before serving, garnish with lemon zest and a sprig of mint., ingredients: [2 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 cup creme fraiche, 1 cup cold milk, One 3.4ounce package instant vanilla pudding mix, One storebought pound cake, cut into cubes 6 cups, 2 cups strawberries, sliced, 1 cup blackberries, 1 cup blueberries, Zest of 1 lemon, for garnish, Mint sprig, for garnish], title: TriBerry Trifle, picturelink: CoVMPKM972rwVMgvzWObGMS2lKrh4a}, 25054: {instructions: Mix the crabmeat, mayonnaise and grated cheese in the top of a double boiler. Cook over medium heat until melted through. Stir in scallions and black pepper. Spoon onto toasted baguette or crackers. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 cup fresh crabmeat, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup cheddar cheese, grated, 12 cup scallions, minced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Blue Crab Dip, picturelink: null}, 25055: {instructions: Special equipment: CheeseclothnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nToss the parsnips with the oil and 1 teaspoon of salt and drizzle with 3 tablespoons honey. Place on a baking sheet and put into the top half of the oven. Roast 30 minutes, or until the parsnips are a deep golden brown they tend to burn easily so make sure to toss often while roasting.nMeanwhile, put the water into a large pot and place over high heat. Lay a double layer of cheesecloth on a flat surface and place the carrot, onion, parsley, bay leaves and peppercorns in the center. Tie the cheesecloth up and around the vegetable and herb mix and drop it into the water. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and simmer for 30 minutes.nRemove the parsnips from the oven and place them immediately into the stock. Add the remaining honey and salt and white pepper simmer for about 20 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender, or in batches in a blender. Add the cream and cook for another 10 minutes or until thick., ingredients: [2 pounds parsnips, peeled and quartered lengthwise, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 teaspoons salt, divided, 6 tablespoons honey, divided, 6 cups water, 1 bunch parsley, 1 carrot, cut in 12, 1 small onion, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons white pepper, 3 cups heavy cream], title: Honey Roasted Parsnip Bisque, picturelink: fi3X5COMWbn64HvGzBmaYxvcpKQtYFa}, 25056: {instructions: Combine the broccoli, celery, and red onion in a large mixing bowl.nTo prepare the dressing, in a small bowl combine the mayonnaise, lime juice, zest, cumin, chili powder, sugar, salt and pepper. Whisk to combine.nPour the dressing over the vegetables and stir to combine. Cover and allow the slaw to sit for at least 30 minutes, tossing every so often to combine well. Top with raisins before serving., ingredients: [1 medium head broccoli, stalks thinly sliced and florets chopped, 4 celery stalks, thinly sliced on the diagonal, 12 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup golden raisins], title: Broccoli and Celery Slaw, picturelink: TjHr4X1ctQ.k4OS.5CzG0hnD1P0LHhu}, 25057: {instructions: Wash the bag of cranberries under cool water, and then throw them into a medium saucepan. Pour in the cranberry juice and maple syrup. Add the orange juice and orange rind you could also do lemon rind and lemon juice  anything citrusy. Stir together and turn the heat on high until it reaches a boil and the berries begin to pop. Turn down the heat to mediumlow and continue cooking over the lower heat until the juice is thick, about 10 minutes. Turn off the heat. Allow to cool, and then chill in the fridge until Thanksgiving dinner is ready. It should have a nice jellylike consistency., ingredients: [One 12ounce bag fresh cranberries, 1 cup cranberry juice, 1 cup pure maple syrup, 3 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon grated orange rind], title: Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 25058: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, garlic and thyme in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Continue to simmer until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the honey and simmer until the mixture has thickened slightly, another 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the butter and set aside.nPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nSeason the pork chops evenly on both sides with 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Drizzle with the olive oil and place on the hot grill pan. Grill the first side until nicely browned, about 5 minutes. Flip the chops and grill for an additional 5 minutes on the second side. Baste the chops with some of the sauce and then continue basting and flipping until the chops are caramelized and slightly charred and the meat registers 150 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove the chops to a platter and allow to rest for 10 minutes. Serve drizzled with the remaining sauce., ingredients: [12 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons honey, such as acacia, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 centercut pork loin chops, bone in about 12 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Pork Chop Agrodolce, picturelink: Ad2x5E5do4eJZ39YfUA0MSuh9uAY0vG}, 25059: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the salted chocolatehazelnut chip: Add the sweetened condensed milk and chocolate hazelnut spread to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or use a handheld electric mixer and whip until smooth and combined. Add the heavy cream, vanilla and salt. Whip until stiff peaks form. Stir in the chocolate chunks. Spoon the ice cream into a freezersafe container and freeze for 6 hours or overnight.nFor the blueberry chia jam: Combine the blueberries, honey and lemon juice in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, mashing the berries with a fork occasionally, until the blueberries burst, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in the chia seeds and reduce the heat, then simmer until thick, 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, then stir in 13 to 12cup water, as needed to thin the jam slightly. Let cool, at least 15 minutes.nAdd the heavy cream, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla and salt to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or use a handheld electric mixer. Whip until stiff peaks form. Using a spatula, swirl in the blueberry jam, leaving white streaks to create a swirled blueberry ice cream. Spoon the ice cream into a freezersafe container and freeze for 6 hours or overnight.nFor the peach honey lavender: Add 12 cup of the cream to a small saucepot and bring to a low boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the lavender. Cover and steep 10 minutes, then strain through a finemesh strainer discard the lavender. Transfer to the fridge to cool completely, at least 2 hours.nPreheat the oven 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Add the peaches, honey and butter and toss well to combine. Bake until the peaches have caramelized, 30 to 35 minutes. Set aside to cool.nAdd the cooled lavender cream, the sweetened condensed milk, vanilla and the remaining 1 34 cups heavy cream to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or use a handheld electric mixer. Whip until stiff peaks form. Gently stir in the peaches. Spoon the ice cream into a freezersafe container and freeze for 4 hours or overnight., ingredients: [1 cup sweetened condensed milk, 34 cup chocolate hazelnut spread, such as Nutella, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch flaky sea salt, 12 cup milk or dark chocolate chunks, 2 cups fresh or frozen blueberries, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 cup chia seeds, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup sweetened condensed milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch flaky sea salt, 2 14 cups heavy cream, 1 to 2 tablespoons dried lavender, depending on your taste, 5 ripe peaches, roughly chopped, 14 cup honey, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into cubes, 1 cup sweetened condensed milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: NoChurn Ice Cream Three Ways, picturelink: a3NgGd61OrWFHEJaEd89Ss9969arKe}, 25060: {instructions: Special equipment: hardwood charcoal 4 cups applewood or mesquite wood chips, soaked in cold water for 1 hournFor the brine: Bring 8 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan. Add the salt and sugar and cook until dissolved. Add the fennel seeds, garlic, thyme and fennel fronds and remove from the heat. Let cool completely or reduce the amount of water in the brine by 2 cups and add 4 cups ice cubes to cool down immediately. Transfer the brine to a plastic container, add the pork, cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.nFor the smoked pork: Remove the pork from the brine, rinse well with cold water and pat dry. Put on a rack set over a baking sheet and refrigerate to allow a crust, or skin, to form on the outside for at least 1 hour and up to 8 hours.nRemove the grill grate and ceramic plate from the cooker. Add the hot hardwood charcoal and scatter the soaked wood chips over the top. Put on the ceramic plate and the grill rack, close the cover, bring the temperature to between 300 and 325 degrees F and allow to smoke for 10 minutes.nBrush the entire loin with oil and sprinkle with pepper. Place on the rack, close the cover and smoke until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center registers 140 degrees F, 1 to 1 hour 30 minutes.nWhile the pork smokes, combine the balsamic vinegar and honey. Start brushing it on the pork about 30 minutes before it is done. When done, remove, loosely tent and let rest 10 minutes before slicing.nFor the fennel gremolata: Cut the fennel into small dice and coarsely chop the fronds put in a bowl. Add the zest and juice and drizzle with a little olive oil mix to combine. Let sit at room temperature.nSpoon the Grape Mostarda onto a platter, top with the pork and spoon the gremolata over the pork.nHeat the canola oil in a large saucepan over high heat. Add the grapes, shallots, sugar, vinegar, mustard seeds, rosemary and 12 cup cold water. Bring to a simmer and cook until the grapes soften slightly and the mixture thickens, about 20 minutes.nRemove from the heat. Stir in the mustard and orange zest. Transfer to a bowl and let come to room temperature. Remove the rosemary sprig. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup toasted fennel seeds, 2 heads garlic, sliced crosswise, 1 small bunch fresh thyme sprigs, Bunch of fennel fronds, 1 bonein centercut pork loin about 5 pounds, chine bone removed, Canola oil, for brushing, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup honey, 1 small fennel bulb, plus fronds, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 orange, Extravirgin olive oil, Grape Mostarda, for serving, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 12 pounds seedless red grapes, washed, dried and halved, 2 shallots, finely diced, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest], title: FennelGarlic Smoked Pork with Fennel Gremolata and Grape Mostarda, picturelink: 3ECNWlZTNwla9kUMLn.uavKzE4pYMzy}, 25061: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 candy apple sticksnLine a baking sheet with parchment paper and spray lightly with cooking spray.nWash the apples well, then dry them thoroughly. Insert candy apple sticks into the stem end of the apples.nCombine the caramels, cream and salt in a small saucepan and heat over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, until thoroughly melted and smooth, 7 to 8 minutes. Dip an apple into the caramel, tilting the pan if necessary to ensure the apple is wellcoated. Roll the apples in the garnishes if using. Repeat with the remaining apples and caramel. Cool completely on the parchment paper, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the paper and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 6 small apples about 2 12 inches in diameter, 1 pound caramel candies, unwrapped, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, Rounded 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, Colorful sanding sugar, sprinkles, shredded coconut or finely chopped toasted nuts for garnish, optional], title: Mini Caramel Apples, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 25062: {instructions: Slice the avocado in half and remove the pit. Scoop the flesh into a food processor and add the yogurt, lime juice and a big pinch of salt and pepper. Blend until smooth., ingredients: [1 large ripe avocado, 12 cup reducedfat Greek yogurt, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Avocado Cream Sauce, picturelink: m0ubxZ7W2qFvoXlCuAfcUyukI874V7C}, 25063: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nScore the skin side of the duck in a crisscross pattern, being careful not to cut all the way into the flesh. Season with salt and pepper and place in a very hot nonstick pan, skin side down, and cook until the skin is crispy and golden brown, about 4 minutes. Turn over and continue to cook for an additional 3 minutes. Place in the oven for 15 minutes for medium rare 25 minutes for medium to well. Take out and let stand for 5 minutes before slicing.nTo prepare the sauce: In a hot saute pan add butter, chiles and red onion, and saute until onion is translucent. Add the berries, Marsala, and sugar, and let simmer for 5 minutes until sauce begins to thicken.nTo plate: Slice duck, place on platter top with sauce and finish with a crepe on the side.nCombine all ingredients except the butter. Whisk until blended, the consistency should that of heavy cream. Meanwhile, have a small nonstick omelet pan on medium heat. Add butter and melt. Add 3 ounces of the mixture and swirl around and cook for 1 minute per side. Repeat if more cakes are wanted., ingredients: [1 10ounce duck breast, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon finely chopped serrano chile, 13 cup chopped red onions, 14 cup blackberries, 14 cup raspberries, 3 ounces Marsala wine, 2 tablespoons sugar, Scallion crepe, recipe follows, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch salt and pepper, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 1 teaspoon freshly grated garlic, 13 cup finely chopped scallions, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Duck Breast with a Serrano Chili Raspberry Blackberry Marsala Sauce over a Scallion Crepe, picturelink: null}, 25064: {instructions: Heat the blackberries, sugar, and water in a small pot over mediumhigh heat. While warming, smash with a potato masher, until a thick even consistency is reached, about 8 minutes.nPour the blackberries through a sieve, into a bowl, pushing some flesh through with the juices, making sure to catch the seeds. Cool in the refrigerator for at least 10 minutes.nFill a cocktail shaker with 2 tablespoons of blackberry puree, 2 tablespoons of the mint leaves, 2 ounces of gin, 1 tablespoon lime juice, and a handful of ice. Shake vigorously 5 to 6 times until the drink is ice cold. Strain the mixture into a tall glass. Top with 6 ounces of ginger ale and stir lightly. Repeat for the remaining 3 servings. Finish and serve with a scoop of sorbet or ice cream., ingredients: [1 pint blackberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup roughly chopped mint leaves, 8 ounces gin, 14 cup fresh lime juice, Ice, for serving, 24 ounces ginger ale, 1 pint blackberry sorbet or vanilla ice cream], title: Blackberry Gin Fizz Float, picturelink: VQ2MwfNUNJpMqRqotkkowufPfVtJYe}, 25065: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 highball glassesnIn a medium bowl whisk the espresso powder, water and whiskey together until the granules dissolve. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, lightly blend the mascarpone cheese with vanilla extract.nIn a separate bowl, whisk the heavy cream while slowly adding the sugar. Beat until soft peaks form when the whisk is raised from the whipped cream. Fold the mascarpone into the whipped cream mixture and set aside.nTo assemble, arrange 6 glasses on a work surface and build each glass individually. Soak a few ladyfingers in the espresso mixture for a few seconds, then arrange them vertically inside the glass, lining the sides. Repeat until the circumference of the glass is covered with the soaked ladyfingers. Scoop or pipe the whipped cream on top of the ladyfingers, then sprinkle with a layer of chocolate shavings. Top with a thin layer of soaked and crushed ladyfingers, then with an equal scoop of whipped cream and again sprinkle with chocolate shavings. Repeat with the remaining 5 glasses and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight before serving., ingredients: [6 tablespoons instant espresso powder recommended: Medaglia DOro, 1 cup water, room temperature, 8 ounces whiskey recommended: Seagrams 7, 4 ounces mascarpone cheese, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup heavy cream, room temperature, 14 cup sugar, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, shaved, 30 to 35 ladyfingers], title: Sunnys Highball Tiramisu, picturelink: null}, 25066: {instructions: Bring the cream to a bare simmer in a saucepan. Meanwhile, place chocolate in a bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Pour the hot cream into the chocolate and stir or whisk until smooth and combined. Add the liqueur, to taste. Stir to combine and serve., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces white chocolate, chopped, Orange flavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier], title: White Chocolate Grand Marnier Sauce, picturelink: null}, 25067: {instructions: For the chicken: Heat a seasoned grill or nonstick pan until warmed and add some oil if using. Sprinkle the chicken breasts with the salt and pepper. Cook the breasts for 2 minutes on the first side, and then flip and cook for 2 minutes more. Flip again to the first side and cook 2 minutes. Flip one last time and cook for 2 minutes more the total cooking time will be 8 minutes. Allow the chicken to rest and cool before slicing on the bias, cutting four to five slices from each breast.nFor the mayo: Whisk together the mayonnaise, lemon juice, chipotle puree and salt in a medium bowl, mixing well.nFor the wraps: Apply about 1 tablespoon of the mayo to the center of each tortilla. Next, add some lettuce, sliced chicken, tomato and avocado, and then fold the ends in to the center to seal. Finally, bring the flap side of each tortilla over and roll to create sealed sandwich wraps. Slice on the bias and serve., ingredients: [Grapeseed oil, for oiling pan, optional, Four 4 to 5ounce boneless chicken breasts, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon chipotle puree from canned or jarred chipotles, 1 teaspoon salt, Four 10inch tortillas, 1 cup shredded romaine or iceberg lettuce, 8 tomato slices, 14 inch thick, 1 avocado, sliced], title: Grilled Chicken Wrap with Chipotle Mayo, picturelink: null}, 25068: {instructions: Mix 12 to 1 sliced seeded jalapeno and 1 14 cups tequila in a glass let stand 1 hour. Rub the rim of 4 short glasses with lime and dip in a mixture of 2 tablespoons each sugar and coarse salt. Fill threequarters of the way with ice. Combine the jalapeno tequila, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons orangeflavored liqueur and 2 teaspoons superfine sugar in a cocktail shaker. Shake well, then pour into the glasses. Garnish with cilantro.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: Jalapeno Margaritas, picturelink: jQ7Q6L9r4VVQvAygZ2I0J6jD0tX0NgW}, 25069: {instructions: Whisk together oil and wine. Mix in juniper berries, peppercorns, garlic, and bay leaf in a bowl. Add lemon wedges and mix well. Marinate lamb chops for at least 12 hours, turning the pieces occasionally.nHeat a grill or grill pan.nRemove lamb from marinade and pat dry. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nWhen the grill is very hot, grill the lamb chops about 3 minutes on each side, basting occasionally with marinade. Remove from the pan and keep warm.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a saute pan. When crispy, remove the bacon from the pan. Deglaze pan with wine, scraping up tiny bits. Add the shallots and cook until aromatic. Add cranberry beans and chicken stock and cook until stock is reduced. Whisk in butter and bacon, and season with salt and pepper. Serve with lamb chops., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup dry white wine, plus 14 cup, 3 juniper berries, crushed, 3 peppercorns, crushed, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 fresh bay leaf, torn into small pieces, 2 lemons, cut into wedges, 12 small baby lamb chops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 slices bacon, cut into 12inch strips, 1 shallot, minced, 2 cups cooked cranberry beans, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Dagnello Scottadito: Burn Your Fingers Lamb, picturelink: null}, 25070: {instructions: Special equipment: a mandolinenPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nWorking 1 potato at a time, slice the potatoes very thin on a mandoline. Work quickly to prevent discoloring, and dont put the potatoes in water, as this will wash off the starch. Coat an 8inch nonstick saute pan with olive oil, then layer the potato slices, starting in the center of the pan and making concentric circles. Remember that eventually the bottom will become the top, so it is important for the first circles of potato to look pretty. Brush each potato layer with olive oil, and sprinkle every second or third layer liberally with grated Parmigiano and salt. After each layer, press the potatoes so they are very compact.nPlace the pan over medium heat, and cook until the olive oil begins to sizzle and the potatoes begin to brown on the bottom. Transfer the pan to the oven and bake about 25 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven, and cover with a tightfitting lid. Carefully and completely drain the excess oil out of the side of the pan drips may cause burns. Flip the pan so the potato cake is turned out onto the bottom of the lid, then slide the potato cake off the lid and back into the pan so the brown side is now facing up and the top becomes the bottom.nReturn the cake to the oven and bake until forktender, another 10 to 15 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [3 Yukon Gold potatoes, scrubbed clean, Extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Kosher salt], title: Pommes, picturelink: nMc5QCbbrYhyjmC0VP19POfn63j5km}, 25071: {instructions: Choose a mediumlarge bowl thats about 8 inches in diameter at the top with a capacity of about 1 12 quarts  the top should just fit inside a 9inch pie pan which youll also need.nLine the bowl with plastic wrap, draping excess wrap over the sides. Evenly and firmly pack vanilla ice cream into the bowl. Smooth the surface, and then repeat with strawberry ice cream, yielding two packed layers with a flat surface. Place wafers, rounded side down, in a single even layer over the strawberry ice cream. Use fewer wafers, if needed. Cover with plastic wrap, and freeze until very firm, at least 8 hours.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F.nTo make the meringue, set out all measured ingredients. Combine egg whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl. Beat with an electric mixer set at high speed until fluffy and slightly stiff, about 3 minutes. While still beating the mixture, gradually add sugar, nocalorie sweetener, and vanilla extract. Continue beating until mixture is fully blended and stiff peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. Set aside.nRemove bowl from the freezer and uncover. Place a 9inch pie pan firmly over the bowl, upside down, and carefully flip so the pie pan is on the bottom. Gently tug on the plastic wrap to release the ice cream from the bowl, leaving the ice cream in the pie pan. Remove the plastic wrap.nQuickly and evenly spread meringue over the ice cream mound, swirling to form peaks. Place pie pan on a large baking sheet.nBake in the oven until meringue is cooked through and lightly browned, about 3 minutes.nCut into 8 slices and enjoy P.S. Freeze leftovers... and enjoy them frozennSecret Find Arctic Zero All Natural Frozen DessertnIce cream with 150 calories for an entire pint Yup, this 45caloriesperhalfcup frozen treat is a musttry for those in need of a guiltfree ice cream fix Its a FANTASTIC lowcalorie base for smoothies and shakes. Visit myarcticzero.com for locations and ordering info., ingredients: [3 cups fatfree vanilla ice cream, softened, 2 cups light strawberry ice cream, softened, 16 reducedfat vanilla round wafer cookies recommended: Reduced Fat Nilla, 12 cup liquid egg whites or about 3 large egg whites, room temperature, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup granulated nocalorie sweetener recommended: Splenda, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Big Beautiful Baked Alaska, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 25072: {instructions: Broil 2 halved plum tomatoes, 2 seeded jalapenos both skinside up and 4 unpeeled garlic cloves until charred, 6 minutes. Peel the garlic and chop with the vegetables. Saute 12 cup minced onion and 12 pound sliced mushrooms in olive oil with salt to taste, 8 minutes. Add the tomato mixture, 12 cup chicken broth and some chopped parsley cook 5 minutes. Stir in the juice of 1 lime.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Mushrooms, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 25073: {instructions: Wash and drain luau and ti leaves, removing stem and fibrous part of vein. Rub salt over pork chunks and divide into six parts. Cut fish into small chunks and divide into 6 parts.nPlace 68 luau at one end of ti leaf. Top with one part of pork and one part of fish, then cover with 68 more luau until meat and fish are completely wrapped. Roll ti leaf up tightly. Wrap another ti leaf in the opposite direction to form a flat bundle, and tie with string. Repeat with the other five parts of pork and fish until you have six laulaus. Steam 34 hours, making sure to add more water when needed., ingredients: [1 14 lb pork butt, cut into large chunks, 2 tablespoons Hawaiian or kosher salt, 1 lb salted butterfish or salmon, soaked in cold water for 3 hours and drained see note, 1 lb luau or fresh spinach leaves, 12 ti leaves you may substitute corn husks or banana leaves], title: Laulau, picturelink: null}, 25074: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender, puree the strawberries, orange juice, lemon juice, and honey together until smooth.nPour the mixture into an ice cube tray. Place the blueberries in each ice cube cup. Freeze for 1 hour. Insert a lollipop stick into each cup and freeze another 4 to 5 hours until firm. Twist the ice cube trays to remove the ice pops and serve., ingredients: [1 pound medium strawberries, hulled and quartered about 4 cups, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from 12 a large lemon, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 cup blueberries4 ounces, Special equipment: 1 to 2 ice cube trays, lollipop sticks], title: Lady Bug Pops, picturelink: oqx3d9sMOJ8M80chn8Y5rxqEuintXca}, 25075: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the filling: Brown the turkey in the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until no longer pink. Add the mushrooms, scallions, garlic and water chestnuts, and cook until the mushrooms soften. In a small bowl, mix the soy sauce, brown sugar and vinegar, pour over the turkey mixture and cook 1 minute. Remove from the heat.nFor the drizzling sauce: In a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, vinegar, honey, mustard, Sriracha, sesame oil and 14 cup water.nServe the turkey mixture with the lettuce leaves, drizzling sauce and vegetables for lettuce wrap assembly., ingredients: [12 ounces ground turkey, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 8 ounces white mushrooms, chopped, 3 scallions, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, One 6ounce can water chestnuts, chopped, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard or spicy mustard, 1 tablespoon Sriracha sauce, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 8 to 12 large iceberg lettuce leaves, cleaned and dry, Shredded carrots, for serving, Bean sprouts, for serving, Chopped fresh cilantro, for serving], title: Turkey Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: OSeFXqOp9.dmYlPxlrSSOoDodPqizfS}, 25076: {instructions: For the Pudding: In a small bowl, whisk together 12 cup milk, 13 cup sugar, eggs, egg yolk and cornstarch. In a medium saucepan, bring 2 cups milk and 3 tablespoons sugar almost to a boil. Whisk in other ingredients. Bring to a low boil. Whisk constantly until thickened and smooth, about 2 minutes. Remove pan from heat. Strain custard and whisk in vanilla. Place 2 bananas in food processor and pulse until cut into small pieces. Fold this into custard and refrigerate.nFor the Napoleon Layers: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk egg whites with sugar. Stir in melted butter and vanilla extract. Fold in flour. On a parchment lined sheet pan, spread 1 tablespoon of mixture thinly into a 4inch diameter circle like a thin cookie. Repeat until there is no more batter. Bake in the oven until light brown, about 5 minutes. For each serving, use 3 cookies. Slice thin remaining bananas on bias. On each plate, place 1 cookie, followed by 2 slices of bananas, 1 12 tablespoons of banana custard. Repeat and then top with remaining cookie. Garnish with powdered sugar and mint leaves., ingredients: [12 cup milk, plus 2 cups, 13 cup sugar plus 3 tablespoons, 2 large eggs, 1 large egg yolk, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 4 firm, ripe bananas, 3 egg whites, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 ounces butter, melted, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon flour], title: Banana Pudding Napoleon, picturelink: null}, 25077: {instructions: In a saucepan combine water and apple juice concentrate and bring to a boil. Gradually add tapioca and cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and allow to cool for 5 minutes. Fold in pureed fruit and yogurt and spoon into individual custard cups. Chill until firm., ingredients: [12 cup water, 12 cup apple juice concentrate, 13 cup quickcooking tapioca, 1 12 cups pureed fruit of choice, 12 cup vanilla yogurt], title: Quick Tapioca Pudding with Fruit Puree, picturelink: null}, 25078: {instructions: Special equipment: two 8inch round cake pans a candy thermometer a pastry bagnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and grease two 8inch round cake pans.nWhip the granulated sugar and eggs with a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Meanwhile, put the coffee, butter, vinegar and 12 cup of the chocolate chips into a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave until the chocolate and butter are melted, about 3 minutes then whisk together until wellblended. In a separate mixing bowl, add the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt whisk together. Add the oil and sour cream to the bowl with the chocolate mixture and mix well.nAdd a third of the flour mixture to the egg mixture and mix well to incorporate. Then mix in half of the chocolate mixture. Continue to alternate with the flour and chocolate mixtures, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally and finishing with the flour. Divide the batter between the prepared cake pans. Fill each pan slightly below the top edge you may not use all the batter. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup chocolate chips over the top of each. Bake until the centers bounce back when touched, 30 to 35 minutes.nFor the toffee sauce: Melt together the butter and brown sugar in a heavy saucepot and cook until simmering. Remove from the heat, then add the heavy cream and vanilla, and stir. Return to the heat and allow the sauce to boil for another 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and pour into a metal mixing bowl. Cool completely, then refrigerate.nFor the chocolate ganache: Place the chocolate chips, heavy cream and butter in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave for 3 minutes. Stir until all the chocolate is melted and the ingredients are incorporated. Cool in the fridge until the consistency is like a paste.nFor the buttercream: Add the egg yolks to a mixing bowl and whip with an electric mixer until light.nIn the meantime, mix the sugar and 12 cup water in a heavy saucepan and bring to a boil. Wet a pastry brush with water and wash down the sides of the pan to avoid crystallization. Continue to cook until the sugar syrup registers 235 degrees F softball stage on a candy thermometer. Remove from the heat and, with your mixer running constantly at medium speed, immediately but slowly pour the hot sugar into the egg yolks in a steady stream.nContinue to beat with the mixer until the mixture cools down completely. Add the butter, vanilla extract and vanilla bean seeds. Continue to beat until all of the butter is incorporated and the icing is smooth, glossy and spreadable see Cooks Note. Add some buttercream to a pastry bag.nTo assemble the cake: Place 1 cake layer on a cake plate. With the pastry bag, pipe a border around the top edge of the cake layer for a frosting dam to hold in the toffee sauce. Poke holes into the top of the cake layer and pour at least 14 cup toffee sauce or more to taste over the top so that it penetrates the cake. Then spread a thin layer about 18inch thick of ganache over the top. Put in the freezer for 5 minutes to make the ganache solidify. Then spread a layer of buttercream over the top of the chilled ganache. Generously sprinkle some English toffee bits over the buttercream and drizzle with more toffee sauce and ganache. Place the second cake layer on top and ice with the buttercream. Drizzle the top with more ganache and toffee sauce, then sprinkle toffee bits over the top. Serve immediately or refrigerate, covered. Take out of the fridge 1 hour prior to serving, to bring to room temperature., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the pans, 4 cups granulated sugar, 6 large eggs, 4 cups strong coffee, 2 teaspoons white vinegar, 1 cup goodquality dark chocolate chips, 4 cups slightly heaping allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups Dutch process or dark cocoa powder, 4 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup canola oil, 14 cup sour cream, 2 sticks 1 cup salted butter, 1 14 cups brown sugar, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 23 cups goodquality dark chocolate chips, 2 23 cups heavy cream, 1 stick unsalted butter, 6 to 7 large egg yolks, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 sticks salted butter, at room temperature, 4 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 to 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped out, Toffee bits storebought or homemade, for decorating], title: Chocolate Chip Cake with Toffee Sauce, Chocolate Ganache and Vanilla Ice Cream Buttercream, picturelink: EH9uTkb1iNUPiAyc2l66P6OzCl.BLcu}, 25079: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason both sides of the filet mignon generously with salt and pepper. Wrap a piece of bacon around the sides of each steak and secure with butchers twine. In a large heavy, ovenproof skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Place the steaks in the hot pan and cook until well seared on 1 side, about 3 minutes. Turn the steaks over, there should be a nice crust on top. Add the mushrooms, garlic, and rosemary give everything a good stir. Transfer the pan to the oven. Roast for 10 to 12 minutes or until the steaks are cooked mediumrare.nRemove the steaks, mushrooms, and rosemary to a platter cover to keep warm. Return the pan to the stove over mediumhigh heat. Deglaze with the wine, scraping up all the yummy bits in the bottom of the pan. Mix in the demiglace, stirring to combine. Put the steaks and mushrooms back in the pan and coat in the pan sauce. Finish with a couple of tablespoons of butter to make it rich. Put the steak and mushrooms on 2 serving plates and cut off the butchers twine from the filets. Pour the wine sauce on top and garnish each plate with a roasted rosemary sprig., ingredients: [2 8ounce filet mignon steaks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bacon strips, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound assorted mushrooms, such as shiitake, crimini, and chanterelle, stemmed and halved, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 cups Pinot Noir, 2 tablespoons prepared demiglace, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Filet Mignon with Mushrooms and Sauce Pinot Noir, picturelink: null}, 25080: {instructions: MIX caramel topping with crumbled cookies. Reserve 2 tablespoons of cookie mixture for garnish.nWHISK hot fudge topping in medium bowl, gradually incorporating one container whipped topping. Stir remaining container whipped topping in separate bowl until fluffy.nLAYER ingredients in a trifle bowl or 2 12quart glass bowl in the following order. Place half of fudge mousse in bottom of bowl. Top with half of plain whipped topping. Spoon all but reserved cookie mixture over topping. Top with remaining fudge mousse. Dollop remaining plain whipped topping in the center. Crumble reserved cookie mixture over topping. Refrigerate 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 11.75 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Sugar Free Caramel Flavored Topping, 2 6.75 oz. pkgs. sugar free Rocky Road cookies, crumbled, 2 8 oz. containers sugar free frozen whipped topping, thawed, 1 11.75 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Sugar Free Hot Fudge Topping], title: Fudge Mousse and CaramelNut Trifle, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 25081: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the cream, milk, sugar, and salt and heat over mediumlow heat. When the cream mixture just begins to steam, add the chopped chocolate, and stir, until melted. Stir in the peppermint oil. Divide the hot chocolate among mugs and top with whipped cream and chocolate shavings., ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 12 cups milk, 14 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 3 drops peppermint oil, Sweetened whipped cream, for garnish, Chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: Peppermint Hot Chocolate, picturelink: r7Cu7zyvapiet95x7M9Co0Rg4fefUB6}, 25082: {instructions: Wash the peanuts in cool water until the water runs clear. Soak in cool water for 30 minutes to loosen any remaining dirt.nDrain and rinse the peanuts. Add the peanuts to a 12quart pot along with the salt and 3 gallons of water. Stir well. Cover and cook on high for 4 hours. Check the texture of the peanut at this point for doneness. When done, boiled peanuts should have a similar texture to a cooked dry bean. It should hold its shape, but not crunch when bitten. Add more water throughout the cooking process, if needed. If necessary, continue cooking for 3 to 4 hours longer.nDrain the peanuts and store in a covered container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nCooks note: The cooking time can vary greatly depending on how fresh the peanuts are. The fresher the peanut, the less time it will take to cook., ingredients: [2 pounds inshell raw Virginia or Valencia peanuts, 3 ounces kosher salt, 3 gallons water], title: Boiled Peanuts, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 25083: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the meatballs: Place the bread and 3 tablespoons water into a medium bowl. Mash to a paste with a spatula. Add the beef, sausage, egg, parsley, salt and pepper. Blend the mixture thoroughly with your hands or a flexible spatula. Form the mixture into 10 to 16 meatballs. Arrange the meatballs on a parchment paperlined baking sheet until ready to use.nFor the hearty meatball stew: Sprinkle the meatballs with the flour and turn to coat with any flour still on the foil. Heat a large heavy nonstick skillet over medium heat for 1 minute. Add 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Drop the meatballs into the skillet, spaced apart. Cook until the bottoms are set and brown, about 2 minutes. Using a flexible thin spatula, turn each meatball onto an uncooked side and cook until the bottoms are set and brown, about 2 minutes longer. Turn and cook a third side, until set and brown, about another 2 minutes, so the meatballs are browned and set all over. Transfer the meatballs to a large plate.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in the same skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, peppers, 14 teaspoon of the salt and 14 teaspoon of the pepper. Cook until soft, 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms and the remaining salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms have softened, about 5 minutes. Add the potatoes, beans, tomatoes, red pepper flakes and broth. Bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover the pan and cook until the potatoes are tender and the meatballs are cooked through, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 slice white sandwich bread, torn into small pieces, 8 ounces 20percentfat ground beef about 8 ounces, 2 sweet mild Italian sausages, casings removed, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, 14 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, sliced about 1 cup, 1 large red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into 12inch strips, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound large white mushrooms, quartered, One 8 to 10ounce russet potato, peeled, halved lengthwise and sliced into 13inch slices, 4 ounces green beans, trimmed, cut into 1inchlong pieces], title: Hearty Meatball Stew, picturelink: yVk5MqlsyLVlSx6XpIJ6WtRdqafQRpG}, 25084: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line two sheet pans with parchment paper.nPlace the sirloin, pork, and veal in a large mixing bowl and lightly break up the meats with a fork and your fingertips. Add the bread crumbs, Pecorino, Parmesan, garlic, parsley, 2 teaspoons salt, and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Add the eggs, wine, and 34 cup water and combine lightly but thoroughly.nMeasure out 2ounce portions of the mixture I use a rounded 1 34inch ice cream scoop and roll each lightly into a ball. Place one inch apart on the prepared sheet pans. Brush the meatballs with the olive oil.nBake the meatballs for 25 to 30 minutes, until lightly browned. Pour the marinara into a large pot and bring to a simmer. Carefully add the meatballs and simmer for 10 minutes, until heated through.nTo serve with polenta, spoon a puddle of creamy Parmesan polenta on one side of each dinner plate. Spoon 1 or 2 meatballs plus a puddle of tomato sauce on the other side, allowing them to combine in the center of the plate. To serve with spaghetti, distribute among shallow pasta bowls. Spoon the meatballs and sauce onto the pasta. Sprinkle with extra Parmesan and serve hot.nPlace the chicken stock in a large saucepan. Add the garlic and cook over mediumhigh heat until the stock comes to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and very slowly whisk in the cornmeal, whisking constantly to make sure there are no lumps. Switch to a wooden spoon, add the salt and pepper, and simmer, stirring almost constantly, for 10 minutes, until thick. Be sure to scrape the bottom of the pan thoroughly while youre stirring. Off the heat, stir in the Parmesan, creme fraiche, and butter. Taste for seasonings and serve hot with extra Parmesan cheese to sprinkle on top., ingredients: [1 pound ground sirloin, 12 pound ground pork, 12 pound ground veal, 1 34 cups dry seasoned bread crumbs, 12 cup freshly ground Italian Pecorino cheese 2 ounces, 12 cup freshly ground Italian Parmesan cheese 2 ounces, plus extra for serving, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten, 34 cup dry red wine, such as Chianti, 14 cup good olive oil, 2 32ounce jars good marinara sauce, such as Raos, Creamy Parmesan Polenta recipe follows or cooked spaghetti, for serving, 4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 2 teaspoons minced garlic 2 cloves, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, preferably stoneground, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving, 12 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter], title: Roasted Italian Meatballs, picturelink: W7QBUTy.6D.9lhGnZqaqwZL1oq7TLae}, 25085: {instructions: Cut off and discard the stems of the artichokes with a serrated knife and rub the artichoke bottoms with some of the lemon juice. Place in a steamer and steam the artichokes for 40 to 50 minutes, or until the bottoms are tender when pierced with a knife, and plunge them into a bowl of ice and cold water to stop the cooking. Drain the artich, ingredients: [4 artichokes about 12 pound each, 14 cups fresh lemon juice], title: Artichokes with Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 25086: {instructions: Heat clarified butter in saucepan. Lightly dust kidneys with seasoned flour and fry in hot butter. Turn over as they turn red on outside set aside to drain.nHeat beef stock in saucepan and reduce by 12. Drain mushrooms and add mushroom liquid to beef stock.nIn a separate pan, cook pepper and shallots in clarified butter on low heat. Add kidneys and stir, then add mushrooms. Stir in tomato paste, increase heat, add brandy and flame. Add white wine and reduced beefmushroom stock. Mix together well and cook over medium heat. Add mustards and lemon juice and simmer 12 minutes. Lastly, add cream and increase heat again to heat through., ingredients: [Clarified butter, 3 veal kidneys, trimmed of fat, cut into bite size pieces, about 1inch, Flour, to dust, seasoned with salt and pepper, 12 cup beef stock, 1 12 ounces dried Galco mushrooms, soaked in 12 cup cold water for 10 minutes, 1 red pepper, diced, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 14 cup brandy, 12 cup white wine, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon English mustard, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup whipping cream], title: Kalbsnierentranchen, picturelink: null}, 25087: {instructions: To make the marinade, microwave lime in a small bowl to release essential oils, and set aside until cool enough to handle. Through the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, half of the papaya reserving the other half, chile pepper, vinegar, salt and pepper. Then with the blender still running, squeeze in the juice from the microwaved lime.nPlace abalone in a nonreactive container, pour marinade over, cover and refrigerate for 6 to 8 hours.nHeat grill.nUse marinade to make a sauce by adding it to a pan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil and let reduce and thicken. In a small bowl, create a slurry by gradually adding 1 tablespoon water to cornstarch. Whisk slurry into sauce, and add reserved papaya slices and papaya seeds. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, remove from heat, cover and keep warm.nGrill abalone over mediumhigh heat until opaque. Remove from heat and let rest.nServe with sauce and sprinkle with chopped cilantro., ingredients: [1 fresh lime, 1 papaya, peeled, sliced, and seeds removed and reserved, 1 chile pepper, diced, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound abalone, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Grilled Abalone with Papaya Sauce, picturelink: null}, 25088: {instructions: Split a large round loaf of Italian bread, pull out some of the insides and fill the bottom with drained canned tuna, grilled vegetables and marinated artichoke hearts. Drizzle some of the artichoke marinade over the cut side of the bread top. Assemble sandwich and cut in wedges., ingredients: [], title: Mediterranean Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 25089: {instructions: Line 3 baking sheets with silpats French nonstick baking mats or parchment papernGrind almonds with granulated sugar in a food processor until fine. Transfer to a medium bowl. In the bowl of an electric mixer using the whisk attachment beat egg whites until stiff peaks form. Add almond extract. Gently stir egg white mixture into almond mixture to form a thick paste.nDrop by rounded teaspoons onto prepared baking sheets, about 1 12 inches apart. Dust with confectioners sugar and let stand at room temperature to dry for 2 hours.nPlace rack in center of oven and heat to 300 degrees F.nTransfer baking sheets to oven and bake until edges are golden and cookies are firm, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove to a wire rack to cool. Dust with confectioners sugar. Repeat with remaining cookies., ingredients: [4 cups slivered almonds, 2 cups granulated sugar, 4 large egg whites, 1 teaspoon pure almond extract, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Bonnies Amaretti, picturelink: null}, 25090: {instructions: Combine 6 ounces each coconut rum and blue curacao, 3 ounces lemon juice and 2 tablespoons superfine sugar in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake until very cold, then strain into 6 short glasses filled with ice. Garnish each with a maraschino cherry, pineapple wedge, orange slice and a drink umbrella.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [], title: Blue Lagoon Cocktails, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 25091: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat the blueberries and 14 cup of the sugar over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the berries pop and begin to cook down, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool, then refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a saucepan, heat the cream, halfandhalf, and vanilla bean over medium heat, stirring occasionally to make sure the mixture does not scorch on the bottom. When it reaches a fast simmer do not let it boil, turn off the heat and set aside to infuse 10 to 15 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and the remaining 34 cup sugar. Whisking constantly, slowly pour the stillhot cream mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. At 160 degrees F, the mixture will give off a puff of steam. When the mixture reaches 180 degrees F, it will be thickened and creamy, like eggnog. If you do not have a thermometer, test it by dipping a wooden spoon into the mixture. Run your finger down the back of the spoon. If the stripe remains clear, the mixture is ready if the edges blur, the mixture is not quite thick enough yet. When it is ready, quickly remove it from the heat.nMeanwhile, halffill a large bowl with ice water. Strain the mixture into a smaller bowl to smooth it and remove the vanilla bean. Whisk in the orange zest. Rest the smaller bowl in the ice water and let the mixture cool, stirring often, then continue according to the directions of your ice cream maker.nPut a large mixing bowl in the freezer to chill. When the ice cream is finished, transfer it to the frozen bowl. Using a sturdy rubber spatula, fold in the blueberry mixture until swirled. Freeze., ingredients: [1 cup blueberries, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups halfandhalf, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 9 egg yolks, 12 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest], title: Blueberry Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 25092: {instructions: Heat water to a boil for the pasta, salt water, drop in pasta and cook to al dente.nWipe mushrooms clean with damp towel. Remove woody stems. Thinly slice the mushrooms.nHeat a large deep skillet with extravirgin olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook until deeply golden and tender, 10 minutes.nWhile mushrooms cook, halve the leeks lengthwise. Cut off a couple of inches from tough tops. Trim off root end. Thinly slice the leek then vigorously wash in a large bowl of cold water, separating all the layers to free of grit. Let leeks sit a few minutes then lift out of the water and dry on kitchen towel.nAdd leeks to mushrooms along with garlic and season with salt, pepper and fresh thyme. Cook 3 to 4 minutes more then add wine, reduce half a minute then stir in cream and heat through. Toss pasta with mushrooms and adjust seasoning. Top with grated cheese at the table., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound wholewheat or wholegrain spaghetti, 1 12 pounds mixed mushrooms  shiitake, crimini, any that catch your eye at market, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 2 leeks, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup cream, Grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano, for topping], title: Creamy Mushroom Spaghetti, picturelink: XI4wvuhGwMNePWITlLkNoxEihrGFqo2}, 25093: {instructions: Bring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat and salt it generously. Add the pasta and boil, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 12 minutes. Drain pasta in a colander, leaving 3 to 4 tablespoons pasta water in the bottom of the pot.nReturn pot to a low heat. Whisk the butter in bit by bit, letting each piece melt completely before adding the next, to make a creamy sauce. Toss the pasta in the sauce. Season with salt and pepper and nutmeg if desired. Add a little warm water if the pasta looks shiny. Transfer to warmed bowls and serve warm, with Parmesan sprinkled over each dish if desired.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [1 pound bowtie pasta, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly grated Parmesan], title: Buttered Pasta for Children, picturelink: null}, 25094: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the tofu: In a deep bowl, combine the soy sauce, chili oil and sugar to create a marinade. Place the tofu in the marinade and let sit for 30 minutes.nFor the slaw: Julienne the carrot, cabbage and red onion and set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine the soy sauce, orange juice, cilantro, garlic, ginger and chili oil. Pour the dressing over the cabbage mixture.nPlace the tofu on the grill until grill marks appear on both sides. Slice.nLayer the avocado and tofu slices on the bread and top with the slaw., ingredients: [1 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon chili oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, One 2ounce piece firm organic tofu, 1 carrot, 13 head napa cabbage, 12 small red onion, 1 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon chili oil, 12 avocado, sliced, 2 slices multigrain bread, toasted], title: Spicy Tofu with Thai Slaw and Avocado on Multigrain Bread, picturelink: e.syJth0sY0UXPtWSjllw63sjsmA8yO}, 25095: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 6ounce ramekinsnPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nArrange the ramekins in a roasting pan or baking sheet.nUsing a stainless steel pan, combine the turbinado sugar with the water, swirl to blend and heat until it forms a clear syrup. When the sugar and the water have melted together completely, raise the heat and watch as the caramel darkens slightly, amber in color. Remove from the heat and immediately divide the caramel evenly between the 8 ramekins. Try to have all the caramel on the bottom of each ramekin and not so much on the sides. Set aside.nIn a bowl, whisk together the eggs, granulated sugar and salt. In a medium pot, over medium heat bring the milk to a gentle simmer. Add the vanilla and pour it slowly over the egg mixture, whisking to blend. Distribute the liquid evenly between the 8 ramekins. Put at least 1 12 inches of water in the bottom of the roasting pan or baking sheet so it makes a water bath for the custards as they cook. Put the roasting pan in the center of the oven and bake until they are firm in the center, 45 to 55 minutes. Allow to cool for 30 minutes and then refrigerate until serving.nWhen the custards are completely cool, run a knife around the top edge of each ramekin and turn the ramekin upside down on the plate. When you lift it, the caramel at the bottom will pour over the custard and form a delicious pool on the plate, which makes for a fun presentation., ingredients: [1 cup turbinado sugar using turbinado sugar for the caramel heightens the flavor, 13 cup water, 5 whole eggs, 34 cup granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Creme Caramel, picturelink: 7YIZXZQuJ6bDaDEnqQMyhIu9CXvUe}, 25096: {instructions: Squeeze all of the water from the spinach. In a large saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the flour to the pan and cook, stirring, for 30 seconds. Add the lowfat milk and broth and cook, scraping up any bits from the bottom of the pan. Bring to a simmer and cook 2 minutes.nAdd the spinach and simmer until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the evaporated milk and nutmeg, and season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Hallie Burton, ingredients: [2 10ounce packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 small shallots, finely chopped about 12 cup, 4 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups lowfat 1 milk, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons evaporated milk, Pinch of ground nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Creamed Spinach, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 25097: {instructions: Trim ends of beans. In large skillet melt butter and add beans, garlic and water. Stir and cook quickly over high heat until tender., ingredients: [1 12 pounds green beans, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablesoons butter, 12 cup of water], title: Sauteed Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 25098: {instructions: Divide the beef into 4 equal portions. Press a cube of pepper jack into the center of each and shape the meat around the cheese form into patties, about 4 inches wide and 34 inch thick. Season the patties with salt and pepper. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the patties and cook until browned on the bottom, about 4 minutes. Flip the patties and top each with a slice of cheddar cook 4 to 5 more minutes. Meanwhile, toast the hamburger buns and spread with ketchup, mustard andor mayonnaise. Fill with the burgers and top with lettuce, tomato andor red onion. Serve with pickles.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef chuck, 4 12inch cubes pepper jack cheese about 1 ounce total, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 slices cheddar cheese about 2 ounces, 4 hamburger buns, Ketchup, mustard andor mayonnaise, for spreading optional, Lettuce leaves, sliced tomato andor sliced red onion, for topping, Pickles, for serving optional], title: Cheesy Cheeseburgers, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}, 25099: {instructions: Place pears in a saucepan. Add the wine, sugar, cinnamon stick and raisins. Bring to a boil, reduce and let simmer for 5 to 10 minutes until pears are at the desired tenderness. Remove pears and raisins from the syrup. Discard the cinnamon stick. Add the preserves and lemon juice. Bring the syrup to a boil. Let boil for 3 to 5 minutes to melt preserves. Pour sauce over pears and serve., ingredients: [3 large, ripe pears, such as Bosc or Bartlett, peeled and chunked, 3 cups red Rioja wine, 12 cup sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons strawberry or raspberry preserves, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Pears in Red Wine, picturelink: null}, 25100: {instructions: Prepare the toppings: Fry the bacon in a medium nonstick skillet until crisp. Meanwhile, make the syrup: Heat the marmalade, 13 cup orange juice, the scallions and jalapeno in a small saucepan over low heat. Add more orange juice if the syrup is too thick. Keep warm.nPrepare the pancakes: Whisk the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt and sugar in a large bowl. Stir in the egg, milk and canola oil until just combined. The batter will be thin. Fold in the diced jalapeno, parmesan and scallions.nHeat a griddle or large skillet over medium heat and lightly oil it. Ladle 2 to 3 tablespoons batter onto the griddle for each pancake cook until the tops are bubbly, then flip and cook until golden on the bottom.nStack the pancakes on 4 plates. Top each stack with 2 strips of bacon and drizzle with the orange syrup.nPhotograph by Andrew MccaulnPrepare the toppings: Fry the bacon in a medium nonstick skillet until crisp. Meanwhile, make the syrup: Heat the marmalade, 13 cup orange juice, the scallions and jalapeno in a small saucepan over low heat. Add more orange juice if the syrup is too thick. Keep warm.nPrepare the pancakes: Whisk the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt and sugar in a large bowl. Stir in the egg, milk and canola oil until just combined. The batter will be thin. Fold in the diced jalapeno, parmesan and scallions.nHeat a griddle or large skillet over medium heat and lightly oil it. Ladle 2 to 3 tablespoons batter onto the griddle for each pancake cook until the tops are bubbly, then flip and cook until golden on the bottom.nStack the pancakes on 4 plates. Top each stack with 2 strips of bacon and drizzle with the orange syrup.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [8 strips thickcut bacon, 1 12ounce jar orange marmalade, 13 to 12 cup orange juice, 2 scallions, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 8 strips thickcut bacon, 1 12ounce jar orange marmalade, 13 to 12 cup orange juice, 2 scallions, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 cup blue cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for the griddle, 2 tablespoons finely diced seeded jalapeno pepper, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 2 scallions, chopped, 12 cup blue cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for the griddle, 2 tablespoons finely diced seeded jalapeno pepper, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 2 scallions, chopped], title: JalapenoCornmeal Pancakes, picturelink: ji1UiS.09bq1RfunjpQ1b2CUTQrVG}, 25101: {instructions: Combine the flour and cayenne in a shallow bowl. Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet on medium flame until hot.nDredge the chicken in the flour mixture, shaking off any excess flour. Place the chicken in the hot skillet and cook until lightly golden, about 3 minutes.nTurn the chicken over, add the lemon juice, lemon slices, garlic, olives, 1 12 tablespoons of the parsley, and the salt and pepper. Cook for 8 to 10 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally and stirring the olive mixture gently to avoid burning the garlic.nAdd the butter to the pan, shaking to combine the sauce.nPlace the chicken breasts on a serving plate, then pour the olive mixture over the top. Garnish with the remaining 1 12 tablespoons of the fresh parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Pinch of cayenne, 2 tablespoons California extravirgin olive oil, 3 large chicken breast cutlets, pounded or thinly sliced, Juice of half a lemon, plus four slices of lemon, 2 large cloves garlic, sliced, 13 cup sliced kalamata olives, pitted, 13 cup green olives we use some marinated in herbs de Provence, pitted, 3 tablespoons fresh Italian parsley, chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Fresh pepper, to taste, 2 teaspoons butter], title: Mediterranean Chicken, picturelink: hSLImr5.xTiSWkquk1S14k.5Dh4hG0O}, 25102: {instructions: In a large saute pan or griddle, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat for 1 minute, and then add the onions, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Cook the onions until caramelized, stirring throughout the process, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove and keep warm.nSpread the softened butter on the interiors of the rolls and cook, butterside down, on a griddle until browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the rolls, add the raw steak to the griddle and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook briefly, shredding the meat into small pieces with two metal spatulas. Add the onions and cook for 2 minutes.nPortion the meat into four piles, and top each pile with 3 slices of the provolone. Continue to cook until the cheese melts putting on the lid and adding a little water to the pan can help with this step. Cover each pile with a browned roll, and slide a spatula under the meat to pick it up with the roll., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 cups thinly sliced yellow onions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Four 9inch sub rolls, 2 pounds shaved beef steak, such as ribeye or sirloin, 12 thin slices provolone], title: Cheesesteak, picturelink: Gv.CdMqE02Dp8yqHK5BlGxo3abz8EDe}, 25103: {instructions: Stir the broth, thyme and black pepper in a small bowl. Brush the vegetables with the broth mixture.nLightly oil the grill rack and heat the grill to medium. Grill the vegetables for 10 minutes or until theyre tendercrisp, turning over once during cooking and brushing often with the broth mixture.nTip: A grilling basket is handy for grilling smaller foods like these veggies. Just place the vegetables in a single layer in the basket, close and place on the grill. You can baste the vegetables right in the basket, and flip the basket to grill the other side., ingredients: [12 cup Swansonu00ae Chicken Broth Regular, Natural Goodnessu00bf or Certified Organic, 12 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crushed, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 large red onion, thickly sliced about 1 cup, 1 large red or green pepper, cut into wide strips about 2 cups, 1 medium zucchini or yellow squash, thickly sliced about 1 12 cups, 2 cups large mushrooms], title: Herb Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 25104: {instructions: Bring salted water to a boil. Meanwhile cook shallots in butter over very low heat or until tender. Add heavy cream and reduce somewhat or until thickened. Cook pasta for 2 minutes or until al dente and add to cream toss to coat. Whisk in truffle butter or paste into pasta and remove from heat. Season with salt. Serve with truffle shavings or fresh truffle., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons shallots, minced, 8 ounces fresh fettuccine, 12 to 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons truffle butter or truffle paste, Truffle shavings, or fresh Truffle], title: Truffle Pasta, picturelink: null}, 25105: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace zest, sugar and cinnamon in a paper bag and shake to combine.nPlace oil in a deep pan until it comes about halfway up the side of the pan. Heat oil to 350 degrees F.nSlice biscuit dough in quarters and roll into balls to form 24 donut holes. Working in batches, place donut holes in hot oil and fry until golden, about 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer the hot donuts to the paper bag and shake to coat with orange sugar. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 orange, zested, 2 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 container 8 large storebought buttermilk biscuit dough, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Orange Sugar Fried Donut Holes, picturelink: mR.CLnx36ELzzPArID0qtXbeoUmHkW}, 25106: {instructions: Special equipment: Rubber stamps, a design of your choice, available at craft storesnUse a sheet of textured acetate approximately 11 by 14 inches, purchased from a home improvement center or an art supply store. Place it on a flat work surface in front of you. Pour some tempered white chocolate onto the plastic and spread with an offset spatula to create a layer that is about 18inch thick. You can gently shake the plastic to help the chocolate become smooth. Use a sharp chefs knife to cut the chocolate when it begins to set but before it hardens into 1inch squares. When the chocolate has set completely, arrange the squares so you can easily print on them with the rubber stamps.nTo print with the rubber stamps: Place a clean dishtowel on a baking sheet and set aside. Place about 14 teaspoon powdered food color in small glass bowl. Pour some of the melted cocoa butter into each bowl of color. Mix with a paint brush, you can add more powdered food color if you want a stronger color. You can do as many colors as you want by using separate bowls and dividing the melted cocoa butter between the different colors. Paint some of the colored melted cocoa butter onto the towel. The towel will serve as a blotter. Press the rubber stamp into the color and then delicately onto the chocolate square. The design of the rubber stamp will transfer onto the chocolate. If the colored cocoa butter on the blotter sets andor becomes to hard, simply heat it with a hair dryer or a heat gun. The chocolate squares are ready to serve.nHow to Temper Chocolate: From Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres Chocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper. One of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [32 ounces white chocolate, tempered How to Temper Chocolate, method follows, 10 ounces cocoa butter, melted, Powdered food colors, Rubber stamps, a design of your choice, available at craft stores], title: Chocolate Decorations, picturelink: null}, 25107: {instructions: Put the cooked artichokes in a food processor. Pulse until chopped. Add remaining ingredients, except the tomatoes and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble place the tomato with the cut side up. With a pastry bag, or a spoon scoop a teaspoon of paste unto the top of the tomato.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nCore the tomatoes and cut in 12 and gently squeeze the tomatoes to remove the seeds. Put all of the tomatoes in a mixing bowl, add the herb oil, salt and pepper, and toss to incorporate the seasonings. Lay the tomatoes on a sheet pan in 1 layer and dry in the oven for 3 hours. Allow tomatoes to cool before removing from the pan., ingredients: [15 baby artichokes cleaned and boiled until tender, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 pound ricotta cheese, 2 ounces extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, Oven dried tomatoes, recipe follows, 5 pounds ripe Roma tomatoes peeled and seeded, 12 cup herb olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Oven Dried Tomatoes with Artichoke Paste, picturelink: null}, 25108: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray.nCombine the cilantro and garlic in a food processor and process until combined.nToss the potato wedges with the cilantrogarlic mixture and the olive oil, coating evenly. Spread the potatoes wedges onto the prepared baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes, flipping the potatoes after 10 minutes to crisp on the other side. Season the potatoes with the salt and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, 1 small clove garlic, 1 28ounce bag frozen potato wedges, preferably organic, thawed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt], title: Cilantro Fries, picturelink: DNWCp8g9TshXxz35uswaKXL2.VV4i}, 25109: {instructions: In a medium pot bring water, grated pear, ginger and sugar to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook until the pears are very soft, about 30 minutes Remove from heat and strain into a bowl. Refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 4 cups water, 2 pears, peeled and coarsely grated 1inch piece ginger, sliced into 18inch coins], title: Ginger Pear Tea, picturelink: null}, 25110: {instructions: Cream the butter and sugar in a standing mixer. Slowly add flour, then salt. Fold in pecan pieces. Roll dough into ball shape, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nOn floured surface, roll dough out to 14inch thickness. Cut into desired shapes squares and triangles are my favorite, but a round cookie cutter can be used. Transfer cut out dough to ungreased cookie sheet. Prick with fork and chill again for 20 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBake 20 minutes or until edges are lightly browned., ingredients: [12 pound butter, softened, 12 cup powdered sugar, 2 cups flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup pecan pieces], title: Pecan Shortbread, picturelink: null}, 25111: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large heavy skillet or pot over high heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until the onion is translucent, about 3 minutes. Season the chicken with 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Add to the skillet along with the chorizo cook, turning occasionally, until the chicken starts to brown, about 3 minutes. Move the chicken and chorizo to one side of the pan and stir in the tomato paste, rice and capers. Add the broth and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Stir in the peas, reduce the heat to medium low, cover and cook until the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Let rest, covered, 5 minutes. Fluff the rice with a fork, stirring to combine all the ingredients. Serve with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 skinless, boneless chicken thighs about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups sliced dried chorizo about 7 ounces, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups converted rice, 3 tablespoons capers packed in brine, 3 12 cups fatfree lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup frozen peas, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Chicken and Chorizo Rice, picturelink: HUcTA5gcIu06BVt5Ugo1BhYT6Qg8y}, 25112: {instructions: Heat oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper, add to pan and sear until golden, about 4 minutes each side. Remove chicken from pan, and set aside. Add remaining butter and onion, apple, garlic, thyme and bay leaves. Saute until apple begins to get color and onions soften, about 6 minutes. Add flour and stir 2 to 3 minutes. Nestle chicken back into pan, add cider, bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cover. Cook until chicken is cooked through, about 12 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 2 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 Vidalia onion, chopped, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and sliced into 14inch wedges, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups apple cider], title: Apple Cider Chicken, picturelink: oSJcDBo57w7pSNggXoQINTYgUAPiUEq}, 25113: {instructions: SALADn1. Toss salad ingredients together.n2. Place in clean container, label, date, initial and store refrigerated.nMINT SPLASH:n1. Whisk honey into lime juice to dissolve.n2. Add mint.nPlace in clean container, label, date, initial and store refrigerated.nThis is also fun to make with 3 colors of grapes.nNutritional Stats: Calories 61 Protein 1g Fat 1g 4 Calories from Fat Carbohydrate 16g Cholesterol 0mg Fiber 1g Sodium 7mg., ingredients: [SALAD:, 4 cups California green seedless grapes, whole, stemmed, 6 cups honey dew melon, peeled and seeded and cut in 1inch cubes, Mint Splash recipe follows, MINT SPLASH:, 12 cup lime juice, fresh, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 12 tablespoons mint, finely chopped], title: Grape and Honey Dew Green Salad with Mint Splash, picturelink: 26eF91k0CbNL3oBrLg0DW0YQC7DNKsW}, 25114: {instructions: Special equipment: a 9by13inch sheet cake pannFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease and flour a 9by13inch sheet cake pan.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan, add 1 cup of water and bring the mixture to a boil. Remove from the heat and whisk in the flour and sugar until incorporated. Stir in the eggs, sour cream and almond extract. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until golden on top, about 20 minutes. Cool the cake in the pan for 20 minutes.nFor the ganache: Place the chocolate chips in a large heatproof bowl. In a medium saucepan, bring the cream and corn syrup to a boil, stirring to combine. Pour the cream mixture over the chocolate chips and whisk until smooth. Pour the ganache over the cake, using a spatula to cover the cake completely., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 2 cups selfrising flour, plus more for the pan, 2 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, beaten, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup], title: Texas Sheet Cake with Chocolate Ganache, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 25115: {instructions: Special equipment: A straightsided 3quart tall glass bowl or four 16ounce widemouth glass jars with lidsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the walnuts out on a rimmed baking sheet, and bake until golden and toasted, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, and roughly chop.nMeanwhile, bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Add the barley, and simmer until plumped and tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Strain and rinse under cold water. The barley can be made and refrigerated up to 2 days ahead.nUse a sharp knife to remove peel and pith from the grapefruits. Cut the grapefruits into pieces, and remove the seeds.nWhisk the vinegar, shallots, mustard, honey, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. Slowly drizzle in the oil, whisking constantly, until blended into a vinaigrette.nUsing a 3quart straightsided tall glass bowl for 1 large salad or four 16ounce widemouth glass jars for 4 individual salads, make a first layer with half the mesclun, then add the following in separate layers: the grapefruit, the Brussels sprouts, the barley, the beets, and the remaining mesclun. Sprinkle the walnuts and pomegranate seeds on top.nIf making 1 salad, just before serving, transfer it to a large bowl, toss with the vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper. If making 4 salads, add vinaigrette to each jar, season with salt and pepper, cover with the lid and shake to coat., ingredients: [1 cup walnut halves, 1 cup pearled barley, 2 large pink grapefruits, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 cups mesclun greens about 5 ounces, 12 pound Brussels sprouts, thinly sliced, 4 large cooked and peeled beets, cut into wedges about 10 ounces, 12 cup pomegranate seeds], title: Winter Layered Salad with Beets and Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: CZEgQxREB1XfQA5PGA20p1Sa1SZDliC}, 25116: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Oil a 3 or 4 cup ovenproof baking dish. In a dry medium skillet, saute the chorizo over mediumhigh heat until almost crisp. Remove the chorizo to a plate. Add the onions and garlic to the pan juices and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Return the chorizo to the skillet with the onions and garlic and stir to combine. Put half of the cheese in the baking dish and sprinkle with half of the chorizo mixture. Repeat with the remaining cheese and chorizo mixture. Bake until the cheese is bubbling, about 20 minutes. Serve with flour tortillas for soft tacos., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for oiling the baking dish, 6 ounces chorizo or spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, 14 cup chopped onion, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 2 cups grated Oaxaca or mozzarella cheese, 6 flour tortillas, warmed], title: Queso Fundido with Chorizo, picturelink: 8.cY0f1WOEYjWTi7190bT93OWU.tiYC}, 25117: {instructions: In a medium skillet, saute the onion and garlic in olive oil over medium heat. Remove the skillet from the heat and let cool briefly. In a small bowl, combine the bread crumbs and the capers, and then add the sauteed onion and garlic to the bowl. Stir the mixture together until thoroughly combined. If necessary, flatten the catfish fillets by placing them between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and gently pounding with a mallet or by rolling out with a rolling pin. Generously spread the bread crumb mixture on top of each fillet. Roll the fillets up, securing with a toothpick if desired. Heat a medium or large skillet over medium heat. Add enough olive oil to the pan for sauteing, about 14inch up the side of the skillet, and let heat for 1 minute. Carefully place the rolled catfish fillets into the skillet, and cook until evenly browned on all sides, turning the fillets with tongs as needed.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nSlice the sweet potatoes lengthwise. Heat a grill pan over medium heat and add just enough vegetable oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan. Add the sliced sweet potatoes to the hot pan in a single layer, and grill until they turn slightly crispy. Turn each slice with tongs and continue grilling until the second side is slightly crispy and the sweet potatoes are fully heated through. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 red onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Olive oil, for sauteing, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons capers, 4 catfish fillets, Garlic Butter Sauce, recipe follows, Grilled Asparagus Spears, recipe follows, Sweet Potatoes, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 ounces dark wheat beer, 1 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Combine all ingredients in a nonreactive saucepan. Cover the pan and cook over medium heat until the sauce is reduced by half. Drizzle the sauce over the Stuffed Catfish., 10 to 12 asparagus spears, trimmed, Vegetable oil, for sauteing, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Coat the asparagus spears with vegetable oil, salt, and pepper. Heat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the asparagus for a couple minutes until tender, rotating them with tongs, if necessary., 2 sweet potatoes, scrubbed, Vegetable oil, for grilling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Stuffed Catfish topped with Garlic Butter and Grilled Asparagus Spears and Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 25118: {instructions: Bring the lentils and bay leaf to a boil in 3 cups water, then reduce the heat and simmer until the water cooks away, 15 to 18 minutes. Skim any byproduct away as the lentils cook.nMeanwhile, cover the potatoes with water in a small pot and bring to boil. Salt the water and boil for 5 minutes. Drain the potatoes and run under cold water to cool. Drain well and transfer to a large bowl.nDrain the lentils and run under cold water to cool. Drain well and add to the potatoes.nMeanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a skillet and saute the onions, garlic, ginger and chile pepper until softened. Stir in the tamarind paste and spices to toast them, then remove from the heat.nAdd the spice mixture to the lentils and potatoes. Gently stir in the cilantro, spinach and lime juice. If the salad seems dry, add a little more oil. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup red lentils or Le Puy French green lentils, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 large russet potato, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, One 1inch piece ginger, peeled and grated, 1 red chile pepper, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon tamarind paste, 1 tablespoon ground turmeric, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon powdered mustard, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, Handful fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 2 cups baby spinach, chopped, Juice of 1 lime], title: Red Lentil Salad, picturelink: 9cg2Pre8F.z84zOveyylhp7JBjJJhS}, 25119: {instructions: Combine the lemongrass, soy sauce, chiles, chile flakes, turmeric, sugar, and salt in a bowl. Add the tofu cubes and turn to coat them evenly. Marinate for 30 minutes.nHeat half of the oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat. Add the onion, shallot and garlic and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the onions are soft, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate and keep warm.nWipe the pan clean and heat the remaining oil over moderate heat. Add the tofu mixture and, using chopsticks or wooden spoons, turn so it cooks evenly, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the onion mixture and cook, uncovered, for another 2 to 3 minutes. Add half the peanuts and all the pepper leaves.nRemove from the heat and transfer to a serving plate. Garnish with the remaining peanuts and serve immediately with steamed rice.nPlace the peanuts on a cookie tray and bake in a preheated 325 degree F oven until golden, about 20 minutes. Halfway into the baking, gently shake the tray so the peanuts roast evenly. You can also roast the peanuts in a dry pan over low heat. Remove and set aside. Use the peanuts whole or coarsely chop them with a mortar and pestle, a food processor or a knife.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [2 lemongrass stalks, outer layers peeled, bottom white part thinly sliced and finely chopped about 14 cup, 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons chopped Thai bird chiles or another fresh chile, 12 teaspoon dried chile flakes, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 ounces tofu, drained, patted dry and cut into 34inch cubes, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 yellow onion, cut into 18inch slices, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 4 tablespoons chopped Roasted Peanuts, recipe follows, 10 pepper leaves, shredded, or 23 cup loosely packed Asian basil leaves, 1 cup raw, shelled peanuts, skin removed], title: Spicy Lemongrass Tofu, picturelink: null}, 25120: {instructions: Chop the onion into small pieces. Preheat pan or skillet, add 2 teaspoons olive oil to heat, add onions, and begin to saute. While onions are cooking, clean the chanterelles preferably without water, by using a brush, paring knife, and damp cloth, and cut into small pieces.nKeep an eye on the onions, adding 1 ounce of wine as they begin to stick. Clean and chop the pepper, drain, rinse, and chop the olives and peel and chop or use press the garlic.nAfter about 12 hour of cooking, the onions will be partially caramelized. Add the garlic to the onions, then mix in the chanterelles, with a splash of wine. Stir the mushrooms frequently. They should begin to release their own natural moisture into the pan after a few minutes of cooking. If the liquid builds up more than 12 inch in the pan, carefully pour off the excess liquid, reserving it for later use. Simmer for about 10 minutes, then add the pepper and olives and 1 ounce of marsala. If theres extra chanterelle liquid, add it back at this time. Cover and simmer another 5 minutes. Everything should be tender. Add tamari and sun dried tomato pesto, mix well, and serve over small French bread rounds. Garnish with grated Parmesan., ingredients: [1 large onion, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 pound fresh chanterelles, 1 ounces dry white wine, plus 1 ounce, 1 large red bell pepper, 3 ounces pitted, brined, black olives, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, 1 ounce Marsala, 1 teaspoon tamari, 6 tablespoons sundried tomato pesto, or approximately 13 cup rehydrated sundried tomatoes, French bread rounds, Grated Parmesan], title: Gold Chanterelles with Sun Dried Tomato Pesto, picturelink: null}, 25121: {instructions: 1. Cook pasta according to package directions. Set aside.n2. Combine olive oil, 2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Garlic  Herb Seasoning Blend, lemon juice and broth in a large bowl. Add prepared vegetables and pasta, toss well and chill.n3. When ready to serve, brush salmon fillets with a little olive oil and sprinkle with 1 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Garlic  Herb Seasoning Blend.n4. Grill fillets 3  4 minutes per side on medium heat. Serve hot with pasta salad., ingredients: [12 oz. whole grain penne pasta, 1 roasted red pepper, peeled and diced, 2 roasted yellow peppers, peeled and diced, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, yellow if possible, 2 medium tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 large cucumber, seeded and diced, 1 Tbsp. olive oil, 3 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Garlic  Herb Seasoning Blend, divided, 3 Tbsp. lemon juice, 2 Tbsp. low sodium chicken broth, 8 4 oz. salmon fillets], title: Pasta Salad with Tomatoes and Grilled Salmon, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 25122: {instructions: Bring stock to a simmer in a saucepan. Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat and sweat the onion and garlic until softened but not colored. Raise the heat to high add the wine, and reduce until dry. Reduce the heat, add the rice and saffron and stir until the rice is coated with the oil. Cook 2 minutes.nAdd 1 cup of the stock and cook, stirring, until absorbed. Repeat with a second cup. As the rice becomes dry, add stock in 12 cup increments, cooking and stirring until it is absorbed. Add the honey and tarragon and season to taste with salt and pepper.nBlanch the scallions for 30 seconds in a large pot of boiling salted water over high heat. Drain and shock in cold water.nCombine the scallions, onion, garlic, and vinegar in a blender and process until pureed. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified. Add the honey, season to taste with salt and pepper and pour into a squeeze bottle.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper to taste. Saute 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Spoon risotto into large serving bowl, arrange shrimp on top., ingredients: [5 cups lobster or shrimp stock, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 medium Spanish onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 cup white wine, 2 cups arborio rice, 1 tablespoon saffron threads, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh tarragon, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 scallions, 12 large white onion, cut into chunks, 3 garlic cloves, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 cup pure olive oil, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Saffron Risotto with Grilled Shrimp and Green Onion Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 25123: {instructions: In a small saucepan, simmer together port wine and sugar over mediumhigh heat until the sugar has dissolved. Add dried fruit and dried cranberries. Bring mixture to a boil and reduce to a simmer for 5 minutes. Set aside to cool.nServe over frozen yogurt and garnish with toasted slivered almonds., ingredients: [1 12 cups port wine, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup mixed dried fruit, 12 cup dried cranberries, Lowfat vanilla frozen yogurt, desired amount, Toasted slivered almonds, for garnish], title: Dried Fruit Compote, picturelink: null}, 25124: {instructions: Place the dry herbs and spices into a spice grinder and process until you have a grainy powder. In a small bowl, add the remaining ingredients to the powder and mix with a fork until you have a thick paste. Place the chicken pieces on a plate and score slightly. Slather the pieces with the paste, cover with plastic wrap and marinate overnight refrigerated. To cook, shake off extra seasoning and brush the chicken pieces with oil. Place on a grill or in the broiler at 500degrees. Cook until the juices run clear, turning often, about 1 2 hour to 40 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon allspice berries, 1 small piece cinnamon, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon onion, minced, 1 tablespoon scallion, minced, 1 teaspoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 teaspoon scotch bonnet chile, minced, 8 chicken pieces, Oil to brush], title: JerkStyle Chicken, picturelink: null}, 25125: {instructions: Chop watercress and reserve.nCut baguette into 4 pieces and split but do not separate.nHeat a large skillet over medium to medium high heat with 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil and butter.nPat sliced meat dry. Season the meat with salt and pepper and coat in flour. Shake off excess then add to very hot pan. Grate the onion directly into the meat. Cook meat 5 to 6 minutes, turning occasionally. Add stock to pan and cook to thicken 1 minute, stir in sour cream, a tablespoon of lemon juice and dill. Season the sauce with pepper. Remove from heat. Pile meat into cut baguette and top with cress., ingredients: [1 bunch watercress, cleaned, 1 crusty baguette, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 pounds, 1inch thick sirloin or strip steak, very thinly sliced, no more than 14inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 small onion, peeled, 1 12 cups beef stock, 13 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 to 3 tablespoons freshly chopped dill], title: Sliced Steak Stroganoff in French Bread and Dill Relish Dressed Salad, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 25126: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine ground meat with onion, garlic, spices, and salt and form 4 patties. Pan fry patties in 1 tablespoon oil over medium high heat for 7 minutes on each side.nTo make a taco pocket, blister a flour tortilla on a hot griddle pan for 30 seconds on each side. Place tortilla on dinner plate and spread surface with 1 4 cup mild taco sauce. Pile shredded lettuce, tomatoes and a handful of cheese in center of tortilla. Top veggies and cheese with cooked taco burger patty and wrap tortilla up and over patty on all four sides. Turn square pouch over and cut from corner to corner, making 2 taco pockets that will not crumble and drip like traditional tacos.nServe taco pockets with cut fresh seasonal veggies, assorted tortilla chips and mild salsa for dipping.nHeat a small saucepan over moderate heat and add oil, onions, peppers, and garlic. Season vegetables with cumin, salt, and pepper and cook for 5 minutes, until vegetables are just tender.nRemove the pan from heat and add canned tomatoes. Stir salsa to combine and transfer to a small serving bowl. Serve salsa at room temperature or chilled with veggies and assorted corn tortillas for dipping., ingredients: [1 13 pounds ground sirloin or ground turkey breast, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon a palmful ground cumin, 1 tablespoon, a palmful dark chili powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper sauce, 1 teaspoon 13 palmful coarse salt, 1 tablespoon 1 turn around the pan vegetable oil, 4 12inch diameter soft flour tortillas, 1 cup mild taco sauce, 1 heart of romaine lettuce, shredded, 2 small plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 2 cups shredded monterey jack, Cut fresh seasonal vegetable pieces and strips, Assorted organic tortillas like blue corn, red corn or black bean, Prepared mild salsa, for dipping chips and vegetables, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon 1 turn around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 medium green bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon 13 palmful ground cumin, Salt and pepper, 1 15ounce can chunkystyle crushed tomatoes], title: Taco Pockets, picturelink: wH1MKRMdQg6mIyddrzOTqTDAbmFKyVy}, 25127: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together flour, salt, and baking powder. In a large mixing bowl, combine the butter and sugar with a hand mixer until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time. Add the vanilla and mix well. Add the flour mixture and mix with a spatula until a ball of dough forms. Transfer dough to a well floured work surface and cut in half. Place waxed paper over half of the dough and roll out to about 14inch thick. Transfer the other half of the dough to the refrigerator to keep cold until ready to use. Using cookie cutters, cut the dough into various shapes and put on a parchment lined cookie sheet. Repeat with the other half of the dough. Bake for 11 to 13 minutes. Leave on the cookie sheet to cool. Decorate with royal icing, fondant, or cookie glaze., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus some for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoon baking powder, 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 extralarge eggs, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, Royal icing, fondant, or cookie glaze, for decorating], title: Wedding Cake Cookies, picturelink: null}, 25128: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the green peppers, red peppers and onions until very soft and browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a plate or baking sheet and refrigerate until cold. This can be done a day ahead.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the breadcrumbs, milk and roasted garlic in a bowl it should have an oatmeallike consistency. Set aside.nIn another bowl, mix the ketchup, steak sauce, sriracha, maple syrup and steak seasoning. If the sauce is too spicy for you, add a little more ketchup to mellow the heat. Set aside.nIn a bowl, combine the ground beef, sausage, parsley, eggs, pepperonion mixture and twothirds of the meatloaf sauce. Mix well, but dont overwork. Take a small ball of the mixture and make a bitesize patty. Saute the patty in a pan until cooked through, then taste. Add salt and pepper to the meatloaf mix as needed.nWhen you are happy with the flavor, place the meatloaf mixture in a greased loaf pan, or form it into a log and place it on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake until the internal temperature reaches 155 degrees F, 1 to 1 12 hours. Remove from the oven adjust the oven to a low broil. Brush the top of the loaf with half of the remaining sauce, then return to the oven to caramelize the sauce, 2 to 3 minutes. Let rest for 20 minutes before slicing. Serve with mashed potatoes and a drizzle of the remaining sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 green bell peppers, diced small, 2 red bell peppers, diced small, 1 large yellow onion, diced small, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup whole milk, 2 heads garlic, roasted and mashed into a paste, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup steak sauce, 14 cup sriracha, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 tablespoon Montreal steak seasoning, 2 pounds 8020 ground beef, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 3 eggs, beaten, 1 bunch fresh Italian parsley, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Mashed potatoes, for serving], title: Sweet and Spicy Meatloaf, picturelink: bEKr2DOx6Pals8MtT6dKVVjYTi.d.IC}, 25129: {instructions: Special equipment: A 9inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottomnFor the pastry: Whisk together the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a large bowl. Cut the butter in with a pastry blender or two knives until the mixture resembles coarse meal with a few peasized pieces. Add 4 tablespoons of the water and stir with a fork until a shaggy dough starts to form. Add 1 to 2 more tablespoons water if you need to, but stop before the dough gets too wet. It should just hold together when you squeeze it in your hand.nGather the dough into a rough ball in the bowl with your hands. Put a piece of plastic wrap on the counter and set the dough on it. Wrap the dough and flatten it into a 6inch disc. Refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour.nFor the filling: Meanwhile, place the almonds in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until very finely ground. Add the granulated sugar, butter, salt and almond extract and blend until smooth. Add the eggs and blend until smooth. Add the flour and pulse until just combined.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F. On a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin, roll the dough out to an 11inch circle. Ease the dough into a 9inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Gently press in the edges, then run a rolling pin over the top to trim the edges. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or freeze for 15 minutes. Line the cold pastry with parchment paper and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Place the lined tart pan on a baking sheet and bake until set and dry, about 20 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nScrape the filling into the tart pan and spread it out evenly. Top evenly with the raspberries and sprinkle with the sliced almonds. Bake until the filling is puffed and golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool. Serve warm or at room temperature sprinkled with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the work surface, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 4 to 6 tablespoons ice water, 1 cup 4 ounces whole blanched, raw almonds, 12 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 2 large eggs, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups 6 ounces fresh raspberries, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, Confectioners sugar, for sprinkling], title: Raspberry Frangipane Tart, picturelink: QUj7O7kLlVLf7pzImszrhUFX.1zzga}, 25130: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp and herbes de Provence. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until the shrimp are pink and cooked through, about 2 minutes each side.nIn a small bowl, mix together the yogurt, mayonnaise, mustard, maple syrup, turmeric, and basil until smooth. Season again with salt and pepper. Place the yogurt mixture in a dipping bowl.nPlace the bowl of dipping sauce on a serving platter with the cooked shrimp., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound jumbo shrimp, peeled tailon, deveined, 1 tablespoon herbes de Provence, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard recommended: Maille, 1 12 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Sauteed Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: Uu0DLQrqGy4y.KFeG9O.iyi3kxZmwri}, 25131: {instructions: Mix plum sake, sake, white wine, mango and pineapple juice with ice, shake and serve in a wine glass. Float with merlot and champagne and finish with cubed fruit. For parties, multiply the above by 10, and get out your punch bowl, ingredients: [1 ounces plum sake, 2 ounces sake recommend: Kaori or Fukunishiki, 3 ounces white wine, 1ounce mango juice, 1ounce pineapple juice, 1ounce merlot, 1ounce champagne, 4 spoons cubed fruit plum, mango, pineapple: be creative], title: Signature Sakegria, picturelink: null}, 25132: {instructions: Cut apples in half and remove the core with a melon baller. Chop apples into mediumsized pieces, leaving skin on.nIn a bowl, toss apples with the cider vinegar. Fold in mayonnaise thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Fold in walnuts, raisins, curry powder, celery, and mint. Adjust seasoning. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour to allow flavors to incorporate. To serve, arrange 2 leaves of romaine lettuce per plate and spoon salad on top., ingredients: [2 Ginger Gold apples Fuji will substitute, 1 Red Delicious apple, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 cup prepared mayonnaise, 1 pinch kosher salt, Cracked black pepper, 34 cup toasted walnuts, crushed, 1 cup golden raisins, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 2 stalks celery, thin bias cut, 13 cup fresh mint, chiffonade, 12 red onion, julienned, 1 head romaine lettuce, heart only], title: Its a Wonderful Waldorf, picturelink: null}, 25133: {instructions: Lightly oil baking sheet with olive oil and place in the oven to preheat.nTrim and clean the artichokes by removing the lower 3 to 4 rows of outer leaves, and leaving 12inch of stem. Trim the sharp tips off the remaining leaves with kitchen shears.nIn large pot, boil or steam artichokes 30 to 45 minutes, or until knife easily enters the base of the leaves. Remove from pan and let cool.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn medium mixing bowl, mix mayonnaise and Worcestershire sauce. When smooth, season with salt and pepper, to taste. Mix in bread crumbs, tarragon, scallions, parsley, lemon juice, lemon zest, and crab meat until well blended.nRemove leaves from cooled artichokes, and scoop out choke inside. Generously fill artichoke with crabmeat mixture approximately 2 to 3 tablespoons per artichoke, until a small mound is present in each, Drizzle each lightly with olive oil.nBake stuffed artichokes for 20 minutes, or until tops are lightly browned.nServe immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 jumbo artichokes, 1 cup mayonnaise, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 14 fresh black pepper, 14 cup bread crumbs, dried, 12 teaspoon tarragon, dried, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 cup crabmeat], title: Crab Stuffed Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 25134: {instructions: Combine the Scotch, blood orange juice, sweet vermouth and cherry liqueur in a shaker with ice. Shake well until chilled and strain into chilled rocks glasses. Garnish each cocktail with a cherry., ingredients: [4 ounces Scotch, 4 ounces blood orange juice, 3 ounces sweet vermouth, 2 ounces cherry liqueur, such as Cherry Heering, 4 highquality maraschino cherries, such as Luxardo], title: Blood and Sand, picturelink: seYPCUOK9kdVaaaTdiB3qLGwQcLu2cC}, 25135: {instructions: In an electric mixer beat all ingredients together until smooth. Slice off top of peasant bread and hollow out the center. Use bread as a bowl for dip. Serve with bagel chips., ingredients: [2 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 13 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons finely minced onion, 3 tablespoons carrot, finely diced, 3 tablespoons scallions, green part only, sliced thinly, 3 tablespoons red pepper, finely diced, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Freshly ground pepper to taste, Small round peasant style bread, Bagel chips], title: Cream Cheese Dip, picturelink: null}, 25136: {instructions: Prepare the blackberries: Combine the blackberries, sugar and cassis in a bowl. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes, then crush with a fork.nMeanwhile, make the caramel sauce: Combine the cream and vanilla pod and seeds in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from the heat.nWhisk the sugar and 12 cup water in a medium nonreactive saucepan over high heat. Cook until dark golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the heat and slowly add the vanillainfused cream it will splatter, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Return to the heat and cook until smooth. Remove from the heat, discard the vanilla pod and stir in the butter and salt.nFor each sundae, place a scoop of ice cream in a parfait glass and top with caramel sauce, blackberries and pecans. Repeat 2 more times and top with whipped cream.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [2 pints blackberries, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup cassis liqueur, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, Pinch of salt, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, 1 cup pecans, toasted, cooled and roughly chopped, Freshly whipped cream], title: CrushedBlackberry Sundaes With Caramel Sauce, picturelink: uMYyvNI8aHRKy0.lABiFYpe1noSxXxC}, 25137: {instructions: Soak the rice for 30 minutes in lukewarm water that covers it generously. Drain. While the rice is soaking, put the oil in a medium pan and set over mediumhigh heat. When it is hot, add the shallots. Stir and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the shallots are lightly browned. Put in the green beans and stir them around for 3 minutes. Now add the tomato paste and tomatoes as well as 3 tablespoons of water or liquid from the can of tomatoes, 14 teaspoon, of the 34 teaspoon salt. Stir and bring to a simmer. Cover, turn the heat down to low, and simmer gently for 12 to 13 minutes, or until the beans are tender. Add the lime and stir to mix. Set aside.nPut 10 cups of water into a large pot and bring to a rolling boil. Add 1 12 tablespoons salt and mix in. Scatter the rice into the boiling water and bring to a boil again. Boil rapidly for 512 minutes, or until the rice is almost done but still has a very slim hard core in its very center. Drain the rice immediately and leave in a sieve or colander.nPut the butter in a nonstick pan and set it over low heat. Add 2 tablespoons of water and turmeric. Peel the potato and cut it crosswise into 18inchthick rounds. Lay a round in the center of the pan. Surround it with the other rounds until you have no more space left. You can cut some of the rounds if needed to almost cover the bottom. A few blank spaces are fine. As soon as all the butter has melted, divide the rice into 3 parts and spread 1 part over the potatoes. Top this rice with half of the green beans, spreading them out evenly. Sprinkle 14 teaspoon cinnamon over them. Cover the beans with the final layer of rice. Cover the pot and turn the heat to mediumhigh. After 4 minutes, turn the heat down to mediumlow. After another 4 minutes, lift the cover and quickly drape a dish towel over its underside and then put it back on the pan. The towel will be between the pan and the lid. Flip the ends of the towel on top of the lid so they do not burn. Turn the heat down to very low and cook 30 minutes. To serve: Have a large, warm serving plate ready. Remove the cover and slide a knife along the inside of the pan to loosen the rice. Put the serving plate on top of the rice. Now upturn it and invert its contents, rice and crust, onto your serving plate. The cake will crumble a little, spreading out at the bottom, but this is as it should be., ingredients: [2 cups basmati rice, washed and drained, 14 cup peanut or canola oil, 2 to 3 shallots, finely chopped, 2 cups green beans, cut 1inch, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 3 plum tomatoes peeled, seeded and finely chopped, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 salt, 1 teaspoon ground dried lime or 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons butter, Pinch ground turmeric, 1 large boiling potato], title: Persian Pilaf with Lime and Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 25138: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350u00b0F. Cook pasta according to package directions. Rinse and drain. In a medium bowl, whisk evaporated milk, dressing and eggs together until smooth. Fold in the cheese. Add the cooked pasta and mix well. Spoon pasta mixture into an oiled 1u00bdquart casserole. In a bowl, combine bread crumbs and melted butter. Sprinkle on top of pasta. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until the top is nicely browned and heated through., ingredients: [1 cup Hidden Valleyu00ae Original Ranchu00ae Dressing, 1 can 5 oz. evaporated milk, u00bd cup unseasoned bread crumbs, 2 eggs slightly beaten, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter melted, 3 cups gemelli pasta, 3 cups grated Asiago cheese], title: Ranch Mac n Cheese, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 25139: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly butter a 10inch tart tin with a removable bottom. Set aside. Lightly dust a clean work surface with flour, and roll dough into a circle with a 14inch diameter. Fit circle into prepared tin being careful not to stretch dough too thin. Transfer to freezer until firm, about 15 minutes. In a food processor fitted with the steel blade, finely grind almonds. Set aside. Make the frangipane: combine the 12 cup of butter and sugar in bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment. Beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add ground almonds, 3 tablespoons rum, egg, almond extract, and flour, and beat until smooth. Spread evenly into chilled tart shell and refrigerate while preparing pears. Remove cooled poached pears from liquid and cut each in half lengthwise, removing core and stem. Place each half, cut side down, on a cutting board and cut crosswise into thin slices. Arrange sliced pear halves on frangipane around edge of tart, leaving space between each half, and place 1 half in center of tart. When arranging pears, try to pull slices toward center of tart, which will elongate pears a bit and fill shell better than if pears were just placed flat. Bake until the tart shell is golden brown and the frangipane is puffed and brown, 40 to 45 minutes. While the tart is baking, melt apricot jam with remaining 1 tablespoon rum in a small saucepan over medium heat. Brush warmfrom theoven pears with apricotrum glaze. Let cool tart to room temperature before slicing.nCombine the flour, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pulse to combine. Add butter and process, just until the mixture resembles a coarse meal about 10 seconds With machine running add 14 cup ice water, in a slow steady stream through feed tube. Drizzle in egg yolk and process just until the dough holds together without being wet or sticky about 30 seconds. Test dough at this point by squeezing a small amount together. If it is crumbly, add a bit more water. Divide dough in half. Pat into discs and wrap in plastic wrap. Chill at least 1 hour. Yield: 2 8 to 10inch tarts or single crust piesnCombine wine, 4 cups water, the sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest, cinnamon, and vanilla bean in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook for 5 minutes. Add pears, reduce to simmer, and cook until the pears are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, 20 to 30 minutes. Cool pears in poaching liquid. Yield: 4 servings, ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for tart tin, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 recipe Pate Sucree, recipe follows, 34 cup blanched almonds, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup dark rum, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure almond extract, 4 White Wine Poached Pears, cooled, recipe follows, 12 cup apricot jam, for glaze, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 cup 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, 2 cups white wine, Champagne, or sparkling white wine, 4 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 vanilla bean, split, 4 firm but ripe Bartlett pears, stem on, peeled], title: Pear Almond Tart, picturelink: null}, 25140: {instructions: Special equipment: eight 10inch skewersnCombine 5 cups cold water, the lentils, garlic and 2 teaspoons salt in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer. Simmer until the lentils are tender but still hold their shape, 20 to 25 minutes, then drain. Remove the garlic halves and mash them with the flat side of a knife. Place the mashed garlic in a large bowl. Whisk in 2 tablespoons of the oil, 14 teaspoon of the cumin, the lemon juice, a few grinds of pepper and 12 teaspoon salt. Add the drained lentils and toss to coat.nHeat a grill pan set over mediumhigh heat. Place the shrimp in a medium bowl and the tomatoes and squash in another bowl. To each bowl, add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, 14 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon coriander, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon salt and a pinch of pepper. Toss to coat. Thread 2 pieces of shrimp, 2 tomatoes and 2 pieces of squash onto each skewer. Rest the kebabs at room temperature for 15 minutes.nGrill the skewers until the shrimp are firm and opaque and the squash are firmtender, 1 12 to 2 minutes per side. Sprinkle lightly with salt.nFold the dill, parsley and scallions into the lentil salad, then divide among four plates. Top each salad with 2 skewers. Serve with lemon wedges on the side., ingredients: [1 cup dried brown lentils, picked through and rinsed, 1 clove garlic, halved, Kosher salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, Juice of 1 lemon, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 16 grape tomatoes, 1 small yellow squash, cut into 16 rounds or halfmoons just under 12inch thick, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh dill or mint, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Shrimp Kebabs with LentilHerb Salad, picturelink: WQ2gmO8mwxk9IxrKnogsHIS69E8OyNq}, 25141: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil, tomato paste and beef. Brown the steak transfer to a bowl and set aside.nMake the rice a roni in a large skillet, according to manufacturers instructions. Just before you put on the lid, add all of the remaining ingredients, except the beef mixture. Simmer for 20 to 25 minutes. Add the beef the last 10 minutes of cooking to warm through.nClick here to view Food Network Kitchens healthier version of this recipe., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 pound boneless sirloin steak, trimmed of fat, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 dozen 51 to 60 count frozen shrimp, thawed, shelled and deveined, 1 6.8ounce box beef flavor rice preparation recommended: Rice a Roni, 2 12 cups hot water, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, sliced, 14 cup peas, frozen, 12 cup sliced baby carrots, 12 medium red bell pepper, diced, 1 3.5ounce can mushrooms, drained, 14 cup pitted, sliced black olives such as kalamata, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Paella. Americanstyle, picturelink: null}, 25142: {instructions: Heat butter and oil in a 6 to 7quart stock pot over mediumhigh heat. Add onions, celery, pepper, and garlic and saute for 5 minutes, until softened and slightly caramelized. Add gumbo powder, bay leaf, cayenne, paprika, salt, thyme, oregano and pepper and continue cooking, another minute. Add tomato paste and cook until it browns, another 4 minutes. Add seafood stock, bring to a boil then reduce heat and simmer 30 minutes. Right before serving, add haddock and continue to simmer for 5 minutes, then add remaining seafood. Cook another 5 minutes. Add hot sauce, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve over rice and sprinkle with file powder., ingredients: [5 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large Vidalia onion, diced, 3 stalks celery, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon file gumbo powder, plus extra for garnish, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne, 1 12 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 12 teaspoon black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 4.5ounce can tomato paste, 5 cups seafood stock or 2 8ounce bottles clam juice, 1 pound haddock, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 1 pound shrimp, shells removed, deveined, 12 oysters, 1 12 cups lump crabmeat, picked over, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 4 cups cooked rice], title: Nores Slumbo, picturelink: 0kuiYxtR3QN8Mm1zJvpTAnqMaCbEyZi}, 25143: {instructions: Rub vanilla beans with the dull edge of a knife to evenly distribute the seeds, then cut the beans in half lengthwise. Place in bottle of vodka.nSeal the bottle, and set in a cool dark place for 4 to 6 months, shaking occasionally, until the flavor of the extract has mellowed. The clear vodka will turn a nice deep brown. When the extract is ready to be used, clean and sterilize several small bottle with screwon lids, and fill with homemade extract. Add a label, tie on a ribbon, and youll have a beautiful little gift to give., ingredients: [2 vanilla beans, 1 bottle 750ml vodka], title: Vanilla Extract, picturelink: null}, 25144: {instructions: Slice the bagels in half horizontally and spread 1 tablespoon of the vegetable cream cheese over the bottom half of each bagel. Arrange 2 slices of smoked salmon over the cream cheese and place the remaining bagel halves on top. Cut the bagels in half crosswise and serve.nVegetable Cream Cheese:nPlace the cream cheese, scallions, carrot, celery, radish, salt, and pepper in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix on low speed until blended.nYield: 6 servings, ingredients: [2 sesame bagels, Vegetable Cream Cheese, recipe follows, 4 slices smoked salmon, 16 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons minced scallions, white and green parts, 2 tablespoons finely chopped carrot, 2 tablespoons finely chopped celery, 2 tablespoons finely chopped radish 2 radishes, 2 to 3 pinches kosher salt, 1 pinch finely ground black pepper], title: Smoked Salmon and Vegetable Cream Cheese Bagels, picturelink: lpoA7kpilRmc3lwuKDe8XyV1NJm.VTK}, 25145: {instructions: Toss greens with Ginger Soy Vinaigrette. On a plate, place the hearts of palm into a triangle shape and place greens in the middle of the triangle. Place lavash cracker on top of the hearts of palm and the greens. Spoon Crab Salad onto the lavash, then spoon the sauce around the plate and garnish with fresh cilantro and wonton crisp.nCombine garlic, ginger, and shallot in a pan and saute until caramelized. Deglaze the pan with soytamari and vinegar, then strain.nCombine all ingredients in a mixing bowl and mix until the salad is fully combined., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Ginger Soy Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 2 hearts of palm, cut into thirds, 12 cup baby greens, 2 lavash crackers, 4 ounces Crab Salad, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons wasabiflavored sour cream about 12 teaspoon per 12 cup of sour cream, 2 tablespoons grilled scallion oil 3 grilled and pureed scallions per 12 cup of oil, Fresh cilantro, for garnish, 1 wonton wrapper, fried and seasoned with Cajun powder, 12 cup soy or tamari sauce, 1 12 cups rice wine vinegar, 1 large clove garlic, diced, 1 12 tablespoon diced ginger, 1 large shallot, diced, 16 ounces Dungeness crabmeat, picked over for shells, 1 red pepper, diced, 1 yellow pepper, diced, 1 green pepper, diced, 1 red onion, diced, 6 tablespoons nonfat mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon cumin powder, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Salt and white pepper, GingerSoy Vinaigrette, recipe above], title: Arizona Crab Salad, picturelink: null}, 25146: {instructions: For the risotto: Heat the olive oil in a pot over medium heat. Toast the rice, then add the chopped onion and cook until light brown with a nutty aroma. Keep stirring to prevent sticking during this process. Deglaze with the white wine and add the porcini broth. Bring to a simmer, then lower the heat and simmer for 20 minutes, stirring the whole time to prevent sticking. Add more liquid as needed. Fold in the porcini at the end.nFor the veal chop cutlet: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPound out the veal chop to about 38 inch thickness. Put the flour in one shallow bowl, the whisked eggs in another and the breadcrumbs in a third. Dust the veal in the flour first, then dip in the egg wash and finish in the breadcrumbs to coat.nPour the olive oil into an ovensafe pan. Add the veal chop to the pan and coat one side in the olive oil, then flip it over right away so theres olive oil on both sides. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast for about 15 minutes, flipping the cutlet halfway through.nFor the Marsala wine sauce: Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and saute for a few minutes. Sprinkle in the flour and add the Marsala and chicken stock. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring, until the sauce reduces to the desired consistency, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with the salt and pepper, then finish with the butter and chopped parsleynRemove the veal pan from the oven and place the prosciutto on top of the cutlet followed by the mozzarella. Return it to the oven until the cheese melts, 3 to 5 minutesnFor the spinach bed. Heat a saute pan over medium heat and add the olive oil. Add the garlic and cook until beginning to brown, then add the spinach, salt and pepper. Cook until the spinach is just wilted, then transfer to a serving plate do not overcook.nTop the spinach with a serving of the risotto, followed by the veal chop and Marsala sauce., ingredients: [2 ounces olive oil, 6 ounces arborio rice, 2 ounces chopped sweet onion, 3 ounces white wine, 12 ounces porcini mushroom broth, plus more if needed, 3 ounces dry porcini mushrooms, softened in hot water then drained, One 12ounce veal chop, 6 ounces allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, whisked, 1 cup breadcrumbs, About 4 ounces olive oil, 2 slices prosciutto di Parma, 2 slices wholemilk mozzarella, 1 ounce olive oil, 1 cup sliced button mushrooms, 1 ounce allpurpose flour, 6 ounces Marsala wine, such as Lombardo, 6 ounces chicken stock, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces butter, 1 ounce chopped fresh parsley, 1 ounce olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped or crushed garlic, Large handful fresh spinach leaves, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Veal Chop Cutlet Florentine, picturelink: .sK5.WuzeLh1XecbrT3.WmDnDSPb6C}, 25147: {instructions: Place the strawberries, banana, ice cream, whole milk and condensed milk in a large blender blend until smooth. Pour into 4 glasses and garnish with a strawberry on the side of each glass. Top with sprinkles and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 strawberries, stems removed, plus 4 whole berries for garnish, 1 banana, 1 pint strawberry ice cream, 2 cups whole milk, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, Sprinkles, for garnish], title: Strawberry and Banana Milk, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 25148: {instructions: To butterfly the tenderloins: make a deep lengthwise cut down the center, being careful not to cut all the way through. Open the tenderloin up like a book. Place the opened tenderloin between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Pound with a meat mallet until 14inch thick. Repeat with the other tenderloin.nTo make the stuffing: heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until lightly golden, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute more. Add the kale, vinegar, honey, and water. Increase the heat to high and continue to cook, stirring constantly, until the kale is wilted, about 2 minutes. Drain and set aside.nLay 2 slices of ham or prosciutto over each butterflied tenderloin. Top with half of the kale stuffing, leaving a 14inch border. Carefully open the peppers and lay a single layer over the kale. Roll up each tenderloin and tie at 2inch intervals with butchers twine.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSprinkle the tenderloins all over with salt and pepper. Heat a heavy ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. Place the tenderloins in the pan and brown on all sides for about 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast. After 15 minutes, begin checking the internal temperature with an instantread thermometer, checking every 5 minutes, until the pork registers 140 degrees F to 145 degrees F. When done, remove the tenderloins from skillet to a platter, cover loosely with foil, and set aside to rest for 10 minutes. Remove the twine from the tenderloins, cut them into 12inchthick slices, and serve withnIn a food processor fitted with the metal blade, grind the almonds until they form a thick paste. Add the bread crumbs, olive oil, peppers, and capers and process until smooth. Taste for salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl., ingredients: [2 pork tenderloins 1 to 1 14 pounds each, 2 teaspoons olive oil plus 1 tablespoon, for skillet, 12 cup diced red onion, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 pound kale, rinsed and drained, stems discarded and leaves cut into thin julienne strips, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 cup water, 4 slices serrano ham or prosciutto, 1 8ounce jar piquillo peppers, drained, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Romesco Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, 12 cup toasted almonds, 12 fresh bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces piquillo peppers or fire roasted red bell peppers or pimentos, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, Kosher salt, Fresh ground pepper], title: Spanish Pork Tenderloin Roulade, picturelink: null}, 25149: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet a large saute pan over high heat and add the oil. Sprinkle the lamb with salt and pepper. Add the lamb to the pan along with the garlic and saute until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the oregano and pepper flakes and stir. The lamb is done when browned all over but still tender. Transfer to a dish and set aside.nSet the pan back over the heat and reduce the heat to medium. Add the onions, roasted peppers and mushrooms to the pan. Season with salt and pepper. Saute until the vegetables begin to soften, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes.nDeglaze the pan with the wine, scraping up any browned bits. Stir in the olives, capers and lemon zest. Bring to a simmer and reduce by twothirds, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Return the lamb to the pan and stir together to incorporate the flavors and heat through.nServe the lamb with rice pilaf and garnish with the parsley., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 13 pounds boneless lamb cutlets leg or loin cut, sliced into 12inch strips, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 large yellow onion, sliced, 1 whole roasted red bell pepper, seeded and sliced, One 10ounce package sliced white button mushrooms, 1 cup dry white wine, 12 cup pitted large green olives, roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons capers, rinsed, 14 teaspoon lemon zest, Rice pilaf, for serving, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Sauteed Sicilian Lamb, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 25150: {}, 25151: {instructions: 1. Place the eggs in a small saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, and then remove from the heat and let stand 10 minutes. Drain the eggs and put them in a bowl of ice water to cool. Peel them.n2. Puree 2 of the eggs, the anchovies, lemon juice, champagne vinegar and Worcestershire in a blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Toss the frisee with the dressing in a bowl.n3. Quarter the remaining 2 eggs and sprinkle them with salt and pepper. Arrange the salmon and bagel chips on 4 plates. Top with the salad and garnish with the quartered egg., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 4 oilpacked anchovy fillets, 12 lemon, juiced about 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon champagne vinegar, Dash Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 heads frisee, torn into bitesize pieces about 14 cups, 8 ounces sliced smoked salmon, 4 ounces plain bagel chips about 2 cups], title: Smoked Salmon Bistro Salad, picturelink: null}, 25152: {instructions: For the chicken: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the garlic bulbs in the oven and roast until soft, about 30 minutes. Remove and let cool. When the bulbs are cool enough to handle, slice off the tops and squeeze the cloves into the bowl of a food processor.nAdd the lemon zest and juice, cumin, and crushed red pepper to the garlic. Season the mixture with salt and puree until smooth. While the machine is running, drizzle in 14 cup olive oil. Taste and reseason if needed.nPlace the chicken in a large dish or on a baking sheet and massage the garlic mixture onto the skin of each piecereally lube it up Let the chicken sit at room temp for up to 2 hours or, if longer than 2 hours, in the fridge. HINT, HINT: This can be done WAY ahead of timenFor the couscous:nBring a medium pot of salted water to a boiltaste the water to make sure it is salty like the ocean Add the couscous and cook until its twothirds of the way done, 5 to 6 minutes. Strain and reserve.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil, toss in the onion and celery, and bring to mediumhigh heat. Season with salt and crushed red pepper and cook until soft, 7 to 8 minutes.nStir in the tomato paste, white wine, and saffron and cook for 3 to 4 more minutes.nToss in the zucchini, reserved couscous, pine nuts, thyme bundle, and bay leaf and stir to combine. Add 1 12 cups chicken stock and stir. The couscous should be a little soupy. If it isnt, add the remaining 12 cup chicken stock. Taste and reseason if needed. Remove and discard the bay leaf and the thyme bundle. Transfer the mixture to a large baking dishone big enough to hold the chicken as welland reserve.nTo assemble:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring it to mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, brown the chicken on all sides. Be patient, this may take up to 6 to 8 minutes. BE SURE not to crowd the pan. If you do, the chicken will steam and get soggy rather than brown and crispy . . . not yummy.nNestle the browned chicken skin side up in the prepared couscous. Cover with foil and place in the oven. Roast the chicken for 20 minutes, remove the foil, and roast for another 15 minutes.nWhen the chicken is cooked through, remove from the oven and top with the chopped scallions and cilantro to serve., ingredients: [2 whole garlic bulbs, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon cumin seed, toasted and ground, Pinch of crushed red pepper, Kosher salt, Extra virgin olive oil, 1 4pound chicken, cut into 8 to 10 pieces, Kosher salt, 2 cups Israeli couscous, Extra virgin olive oil, 1 onion, sliced, 4 celery ribs, sliced thinly on a severe bias, Pinch of crushed red pepper, 12 cup tomato paste, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 large pinch of saffron, 2 medium zucchini, green part only discard the starchy, seedy center, cut into 12inch dice, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 1 thyme bundle, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 to 2 cups chicken stock, 4 scallions, white and green parts, sliced very thinly on the bias, 1 bunch of fresh cilantro, leaves and stems finely chopped, plus a few whole leaves for garnish], title: Garlic Chicken with Israeli Couscous, picturelink: FGapI9Rz6hronXZt4hK8NNya2Fgkf6K}, 25153: {instructions: Whisk 2 egg whites, 14 cup sugar and a pinch of salt in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water until the sugar dissolves. Remove the bowl beat with a mixer until stiff peaks form. Whisk 1 12 cups lowfat Greek yogurt, 1 teaspoon lemon zest and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in a separate bowl fold in the egg whites. Chill 2 hours. Serve with crumbled shortbread cookies.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: LemonYogurt Mousse, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 25154: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper.nPlace the grated coconut in a shallow bowl and set aside.nCombine the flour, baking soda, salt and oats in a large mixing bowl.nIn another bowl, cream together the butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Then beat in the egg and vanilla. Add the flour mixture and mix just until combined.nTo shape cookies, roll the batter between your hands to form balls the size of a large walnut. Roll in the grated coconut to coat, then place on the cookie sheet and flatten to 2 inch circles with the palm of your hand. With your thumb, make a depression in the center of each and fill with a generous teaspoon of jam. Bake 20 to 25 minutes, until lightly browned. Transfer to racks to cool., ingredients: [1 14 cups grated sweetened coconut, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups rolled oats, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 23 cup guava], title: Coconut Guava Thumbprint Cookies, picturelink: null}, 25155: {instructions: Put the millet in a medium saucepan over medium heat and swirl until lightly golden and toasted, 6 to 8 minutes. Pour in 1 12 cups of water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium low, cover and simmer until most of the water is absorbed and the millet is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered, for 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork and cool.nCombine the cooled millet, parsley, cucumbers, tomato, radishes, scallions, lemon juice, oil, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. Serve at room temperature or chilled., ingredients: [23 cup millet, 2 cups loosely packed parsley leaves, coarsely chopped, 2 Persian cucumbers, finely chopped do not peel, 1 medium tomato, finely chopped, 4 radishes, finely chopped, 3 scallions, white and green parts, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Toasted Millet Tabbouleh, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 25156: {instructions: Boil the water in a large saucepan and add salt. Once boiling, remove from the heat and pour into a copper pot. Add the flour and, with a wooden paddle, create a hole in the middle of the mixture so that the water begins to bubble over. Place on the stove and simmer slowly for 40 minutes.nRemove from the heat and beat vigorously with the paddlewooden spoon until the polenta forms a smooth, firm consistency. Place the mixture on a wooden board, and shape into a large ball with your hands cold water will help keep your hands cool. Allow to cool for 30 minutes.nIn the meantime, cut the pancetta into small cubes and saute in a frying pan with the olive oil. Once the pancetta has turned a golden brown, splash the balsamic vinegar into the pan and allow the pancetta to caramelize with the sweet vinegar. It is now ready to serve with the polenta.nAssemble the dish onto a plate: a wedge of polenta , pancetta and a fresh slice of ricotta cheese. The flavors will balance each other perfectly and all you need is a generous drizzle of olive oil and thyme and marjoram to garnish., ingredients: [1 gallon plus 1 cup 4 liters mineral water, Salt, 35 ounces 1 kilogram chestnut flour, sifted, 10 ounces pancetta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Ricotta Salata, sliced, Thyme, for garnish, Marjoram, for garnish], title: Chestnut Polenta with Pancetta, Balsamic Vinegar, and Ricotta: Pattona, picturelink: null}, 25157: {instructions: For the duck breast: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nScore the skin of the duck breast and sprinkle generously with salt on both sides. Place the duck breast, skinside down, in a cool medium saute pan and turn the heat to medium to allow the fat to render slowly. Cook until crispy and golden brown, 10 minutes. Flip over and cook for another 2 minutes on the reverse side. With tongs, remove the breast to a baking sheet with a rack and transfer to the oven for about 5 minutes, or until a meat thermometer inserted into the breast reads about 135 degrees F. Allow to rest for 5 minutes before slicing on the bias. Pour the rendered duck fat into a bowl for later use.nFor the peach chutney: To pan the duck was cooked in, add a tablespoon of the reserved duck fat and the shallots and sweat over medium heat, 3 minutes. Then add the peaches and rosemary and cook down for 2 minutes. Add the bourbon, and flambe. Then add the balsamic, brown sugar and pine nuts stir to combine. Simmer the chutney to the desired consistency, adding chicken stock as needed, 7 minutes.nFor the rainbow chard: Place the bacon lardons in a cool pan. Set the pan over mediumhigh heat and render the bacon, 5 minutes. Add the chard stems and leaves, the chicken stock and some salt. Saute until the chard is wilted, 7 minutes.nServe the sliced duck with the chutney on top and the rainbow chard on the side. Garnish with chives., ingredients: [1 duck breast, Salt, 1 shallot, cut into small dice, 2 peaches, peeled and diced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons bourbon, A few drops balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 14 cup chicken stock, 2 strips bacon, sliced into lardons, 1 bunch rainbow chard, leaves cut into 1inch pieces, stems cut into 12inch dice, 14 to 12 cup chicken stock, Salt, Chopped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Duck Breast with Peach Chutney and Rainbow Chard with Bacon, picturelink: Ncu0CIoNexFp8FrTgQpkkPuBpnnD.56}, 25158: {instructions: In a skillet over medium heat, warm the olive oil. Add the shallots and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, 10 minutes. Add the wine, chicken stock, figs, lemon zest, sugar, and cloves. Decrease the heat to low and simmer until the figs are very soft but still retain their shape, about 30 to 45 minutes. Then increase the heat to high and simmer until the sauce thickens, 5 to 10 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the duck breasts on a work surface, skin side up. Using a sharp knife, score the skin in a grid pattern, going through half the thickness of the skin but not through to the meat.nHeat a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the duck breasts, skin side down, and cook until the skin is golden and the fat from the skin has rendered, 6 to 8 minutes. Turn the duck breasts over, season with salt and pepper, and trasnfer the skillet to the oven. Cook until the duck breasts are mediumrare, 6 to 8 minutes.nRemove the skillet from the oven, remove the duck, cover it with foil, and let rest for 10 minutes. In the meantime, warm the fig sauce.nCut each duck breast on the diagonal into 12inchthick slices. Fan the slices out on each plate, spoon the warm sauce over the top, and serve.nCooks note: Cant find duck breast Try the fig and shallot compote with chicken or pork., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 shallots, peeled, 1 cup fruity red wine Zinfandel, Merlot, Pinot Noir, 34 cup chicken stock, 12 dried figs Calimyrna or Smyrna, stems removed, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch ground cloves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 duck breast halves with skin about 12 pound each], title: Magret of Duck with Fig and Shallot Compote, picturelink: null}, 25159: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill pan until hot.nDrain the chick peas. Place in food processor along with cilantro, parsley, onion, cumin, cayenne, garlic, lemon juice, and salt and pepper. Pulse until well blended. Consistency should be in the form of a paste. Place mixture in a bowl and form into 2inch patties see Cooks Note.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add grapeseed oil. Add patties and cook for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove from pan and place on a paper towel lined platter to drain. Set aside and keep warm.nTo a hot grill pan, add flatbread to mark and warm on each side for 1 minute. Remove. Add 2 to 3 patties to each warm flatbread. Top with some arugula, tomato, onion and Smoky Tahini SaucenIn a bowl, whisk all ingredients until a creamy consistency is reached., ingredients: [2 cups dried chick peas, soaked in water overnight, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 small onion, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 lemon, juiced, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chick pea flour, if needed, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, for searing, 4 Mediterranean flatbreads, no pockets, Arugula, for garnish, Cherry tomatoes, halved, for garnish, Red onion, sliced thin, for garnish, Smokey Tahini Sauce, for garnish, recipe follows, 12 cup tahini paste, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup water, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon salt], title: My Favorite Falafel Sandwich, picturelink: 13gfK6sBC6u1H5c5.IVvYHl6t8Za2u}, 25160: {instructions: In a bowl, stir together the couscous, garlic, lemon zest, scallions, a pinch of salt and a grind or 2 of pepper. In a pot on high heat, bring the chicken stock and butter to a boil. Immediately pour over the couscous mixture, then quickly cover tightly with a lid or plastic wrap. Let sit for 5 minutes. Add the mint, fluff with a fork and stir in the olive oil. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup couscous, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 lemon, zested, 1 scallion, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon butter, 8 to 10 fresh mint leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Minted Couscous, picturelink: XuC1izt4U1EVTwzPES30OtnSK0nVK}, 25161: {instructions: In a large saucepan, bring the chicken stock and white wine to a boil with the garlic and thyme. Add the clams, bring back to a boil, cover, and steam until the clams are just opened, 3 to 4 minutes. Strain the liquid into a bowl and discard any unopened clams. Remove the clams from their shells and set aside.nIn a 3quart saucepan, melt the butter. Saute the onion, leek, carrot, and celery over moderate heat, until al dente, about 10minutes. Pour in the clam liquid and bring to a boil. Add the corncobs and the corn kernels, reserving 1 cup of kernels for garnish. Simmer for 30 minutes.nRemove the cobs and strain the soup into a clean saucepan. Transfer the strained vegetables to a blender or food processor, pour in the cream, and process until pureed, still retaining a little texture. Stir back into the soup and season lightly with salt and pepper. Bring the soup to a boil, add the reserved clams, and simmer for 1 minute. Season to taste with salt, pepper, and lemon juice.nWhile the soup is cooking, prepare the jalapeno cream. In a small bowl, combine all the ingredients, seasoning to taste with salt, pepper, and lemon juice.nLadle the soup into heated bowls, making sure that there are clams in each bowl. Spoon a little of the jalapeno cream in the center, passing the remaining cream in a small bowl. Garnish with the reserved 1 cop corn kernels and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups of chicken stock, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 garlic clove, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 pounds about 6 dozen littleneck clams in the shell, scrubbed clean, 4 tablespoons 2 ounces unsalted butter, 1 cup diced onion, 12 cup diced leek, white part only, 12 cup diced carrot, 14 cup diced celery, 6 or 7 ears fresh sweet corn, shucked, kernels removed, reserving cobs, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, Juice of 12 small lemon, Jalapeno Cream:, 12 cup heavy cream, whipped, 14 cup sour cream, 1 jalapeno pepper, cored, seeded, and minced, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Lemon juice], title: Corn Chowder with Jalapeno Cream, picturelink: null}, 25162: {instructions: Clean the artichokes by removing all the tough outer leaves until you get to a pale yellow center. Peel the outer tough skin of the artichoke stems with a paring knife. Remove the purple leaves and hairy portion covering the choke discard. Trim 13 off the tops of each artichoke, rub with lemon and finely chop. Squeeze extra lemon juice on artichokes to prevent from browning.nPlate the artichokes and season with olive oil and extra lemon juice, if needed. Then add pepper and salt, to taste. With a vegetable peeler shave the Parmigiano cheese and top the artichokes. Lightly drizzle with more olive oil if needed., ingredients: [4 artichokes, 1 lemon, halved, 5 tablespoons74 ml extravirgin olive oil, plus more as needed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Parmigiano cheese, shaved, as needed], title: Insalata de Carciofi: Raw Artichoke Salad, picturelink: null}, 25163: {instructions: Slice onions into rings. In 1 bowl, mix together flour, salt and baking powder. In another bowl, beat egg yolk, then stir in milk and vegetable oil. Combine wet and dry ingredients, stir until smooth. In a third bowl, beat egg white until soft peaks form, then fold into eggflour mixture, stirring until smooth. Dip onion rings into batter and deep fry., ingredients: [Several large Vidalia onions, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 egg, separated, 34 cup milk, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Peanut oil, for deepfrying], title: The Absolute Best Fried Vidalia Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 25164: {instructions: In a saute pan add the sliced fennel and the sambuca. Cooks Note: Pour the liqueur into the pan when the fire is off, as it is very flammable. Put the pan over low heat, and let the sambuca ignite. Allow the alcohol to evaporate and cook at medium heat until the liqueur begins to caramelize. At this point it will start to bubble. Add the lemon juice, red pepper flakes, salt, to taste, the orange zest, the olives, and dill. Cook for a couple of minutes, and then stir in a teaspoon of butter to give the sauce a little creaminess. Set aside.nScore the fish fillets, cut them in half and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Coat a saute pan, over medium heat, with extravirgin olive oil and add the fillets, skin side down. Allow to cook for 3 to 5 minutes.nRemove from the heat.nTo serve: Put some of the fennel sauce in the center of each serving dish and top with 2 pieces of the fish., ingredients: [1 large fennel bulb, sliced, 2 cups sambuca or anisette, 1 lemon, juiced, Pinch red pepper flakes, Salt, 18 teaspoon orange zest, 12 cup chopped kalamata olives, 12 tablespoon fresh chopped dill, 1 teaspoon butter, 4 6ounce halibut fillets or any white fish, Freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Pacific Halibut with Caramelized Fennel, Black Olives, Orange Zest, and Dill, picturelink: AAvNj9.5o4PeSoPV5F5CGQSIWc0of0W}, 25165: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 425 degrees F.nArrange broccolini and beans on a cookie sheet. Coat the vegetables in oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast 15 to 18 minutes, until nutty and crispy at edges., ingredients: [2 bundles broccolini, trim off ends, 1 pound string beans, trimmed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roast Broccolini and Beans, picturelink: wC58hAP3USMUjQsCxkED3E4xAbvZe1O}, 25166: {instructions: Preparing to bake: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease two 12cup muffin tins. For best results, use cupcake liners here.nCombining the dry ingredients: Whisk together the flour mix, the psyllium, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.nCreaming the butter and sugar: Put the butter into the bowl of a stand mixer. Using the paddle attachment at medium speed, whirl the butter and sugar together until they are thoroughly combined, creamy, and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Be sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula once in a while.nCombining the wet ingredients: Whisk together the eggs, egg yolks, and vanilla extract. Set aside.nFinishing the batter: With the stand mixer running, add the egg mixture, one tablespoon at a time, to the creamed butter and sugar. When the entire mixture is incorporated into the butter and sugar mixture, add 13 of the dry ingredients to the bowl. When there is no visible sign of flour, add 12 of the buttermilk. When that is incorporated, repeat this process, ending with the dry ingredients.nBaking the cupcakes: Using a small ice cream scoop, spoon enough cake batter into the prepared muffin tins to fill each one 23 of the way. Put the tin into the oven and bake until the cupcakes are slightly firm to the touch and a toothpick inserted into the cupcakes comes out clean, 20 to 30 minutes.nAllow the cupcakes to cool in the tins for 15 minutes. Run a butter knife around the edges of the cupcakes, then turn them onto a cooling rack.nPour all the flours into a large container. Restaurant supply stores sell large plastic containers that fit this purpose well. You could also use a large glass jar. Shake and shake and shake harder until all the flours have become one color., ingredients: [420 grams AllPurpose GlutenFree Flour Mix, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons psyllium husks, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 345 grams 3 US sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups granulated sugar, 3 eggs, 3 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, 400 grams millet flour, 300 grams sweet rice flour, 300 grams potato starch], title: GlutenFree Yellow Cupcakes, picturelink: AfgFXU68aNYCJIGejs.z19sPTbzHDC}, 25167: {instructions: Whisk together the cilantro, yogurt, lime zest and juice, 1 teaspoon water and 12 teaspoon salt. Set aside.nPat the corn dry with paper towels and toss with the chili powder and garlic in a medium bowl. Melt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once the foam subsides, add the corn and cook undisturbed until it starts to brown slightly in some spots, about 2 minutes. Continue to cook, stirring, until warmed through, about 3 minutes.nRemove the skillet from the heat and stir in the limeyogurt mixture, 3 tablespoons of the Parmesan and 12 teaspoon salt. Transfer to a serving dish and top with cilantro, the remaining 1 tablespoon Parmesan and a sprinkle of chili powder., ingredients: [12 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, plus more for garnish, 13 cup 2percent Greek yogurt, Zest and juice of 12 lime, Kosher salt, 1 pound frozen corn, thawed about 3 12 cups, 1 teaspoon chili powder, plus more for garnish, 1 small clove garlic, finely grated, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Creamy ChiliLime Corn, picturelink: lBtuyBInM6kvRXHGVHP6v4MIiGXEq}, 25168: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nCombine the heavy cream and chipotle puree in a small bowl. In an 8 by 8inch baking dish, arrange a fourth of the sweet potatoes. Season to taste with salt and pepper and pour a fourth of the cream over it. Repeat with the remaining potatoes and cream, forming 4 layers.nBake for 1 hour or until the cream has been absorbed and the potatoes are browned. Remove from the oven and let sit 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 12 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon chipotle puree, 3 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced thin, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Sweet Potato Gratin with Smoked Chiles, picturelink: null}, 25169: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oil to 350 degrees F.nThinly slice the potatoes and place in a bowl.nIn a large bowl, combine the paprika, salt, pepper, cilantro, and garlic, and set aside.nAdd the potatoes to the hot oil. Fry in batches until golden brown and crispy, about 2 to 4 minutes.nRemove the chips from the oil, drain on paper towels and toss in the bowl with the seasoning., ingredients: [1 pound medium fingerling potatoes, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons coarse black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Fingerling Potato Chips, picturelink: 0l1CIKjxnyE1FDZcdMHyEtFx.d6vW}, 25170: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and the onion and saute until softened, 5 minutes. Add the flour and stir well, cooking for 1 minute more. Add the broth and the halfandhalf. Stir in the cream of chicken soup, salsa, chicken, beans, corn, cumin and fajita seasoning. Continue to simmer over low heat for 15 minutes.nCrumble the tortilla chips into individual bowls and top with a ladle of soup. Sprinkle each serving with cheese and add a dollop of sour cream., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Three 14ounce cans chicken broth, 4 cups halfandhalf, One 10.75ounce can cream of chicken soup, 1 cup prepared salsa, mild or spicy, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, boiled, drained and shredded, One 16ounce bag tortilla chips, 8 ounces Monterey Jack, grated, 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, grated, One 15ounce can black beans, drained, One 15ounce can kidney beans, drained, One 15ounce can whole kernel corn, drained, 2 teaspoon ground cumin, One 1.27ounce packet fajita seasoning, 12 cup sour cream], title: Trishas Chicken Tortilla Soup, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 25171: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 390 degrees F then reduce heat to 300 degrees F before adding the baklava.nCombine walnuts, cinnamon, ground cloves, sugar and bread crumbs together in a large bowl.nGrease a baking pan with the melted butter. It should be the same size as the sheets of pastry. Trim the pastry to fit, if needed.nBrush 1 sheet of pastry with melted butter and place in the bottom of the pan. Repeat this until you have a layer about 5 or 6 sheets deep. Cover with some of the nut filling. Place 2 more buttered pastry sheets on top and cover with more of the nut filling. Continue the layers until all of the filling is used. Use the last 4 or 5 of the buttered pastry sheets as the top layer.nUsing a small sharp knife cut a diamond shaped pattern into the baklava, cutting through the layers to the bottom of the pan. Stud the top of the baklava with the whole cloves.nBake in the center of the preheated oven for 1 12 hours. For fanforced ovens it may be necessary to cover the baklava with aluminum foil to prevent it becoming too dark.nWhen baked through remove and cool to room temperature.nTo make the syrup:nPlace the sugar, honey, water, cloves, butter and cinnamon in a saucepan and stir to combine. Boil for 7 to 10 minutes, then remove the cloves and cinnamon, with a slotted spoon and add the lemon juice.nPour the boiling syrup over the room temperature baklava. Allow to cool to the touch and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds finely chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon ground cloves, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 cups bread crumbs, 25 phyllo pastry sheets, 2 cups unsalted butter, melted, plus more if necessary, 10 to 12 whole cloves, 4 pounds sugar, 7 tablespoons honey, 7 cups water, 2 whole cloves, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 1inch cinnamon stick, 3 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Baklava, picturelink: aWW6zyXMPgWYDUo44PiV2A0Rvrllxju}, 25172: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhip cream with a whisk until soft peaks form then whisk in the liqueur. Slather the cream over the tart and garnish with shaved chocolate using a vegetable peeler, if using. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups whipping cream, 2 shots hazelnut liqueur  try buying a nip  an airplane sized bottle, 1 storebought large chocolate tart, 1 small bar bittersweet chocolate, for shaving, optional], title: Nutella Tarte, picturelink: wC58hAP3USMUjQsCxkED3E4xAbvZe1O}, 25173: {instructions: Mix and use with pickle relish and pass more on the side., ingredients: [1 cup spicy Dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Hot Sweet Mustard, picturelink: OdI6RLeqGADrrtXAf68yLQs1puttZii}, 25174: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nMix the cookie dough with the flour until it is an even texture. Turn the dough out onto the prepared baking sheet and form it into the shape of an egg about 12inch thick, 9 inches long and 7 inches wide at its widest point. Bake until golden around the edges, about 25 minutes. Remove the cookie from the oven to cool, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, beat the egg whites and sugar with an electric mixer until combined. Add the lemon juice and continue to beat until thick and glossy, about 5 minutes.nFill a pastry bag or plastic baggie with the icing, snip off a small corner and pipe decorations on the cookie. Attach the candies in patterns to make a decorative Easter egg., ingredients: [One 16.5ounce tube readymade sugar cookie dough, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons pasteurized egg whites, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 cups assorted Easter candy, such as jelly beans and mini eggs, etc., Sprinkles, optional], title: Giant Easter Egg Cookie, picturelink: YsrU7JYMhL7Pi6sNdWqvgv96YQkc9JK}, 25175: {instructions: Cut bread in half, vertically down the center, with a serrated knife. This will create 2 6inch halves. Take both 6inch halves and slice horizontally down the center, making a top and bottom loaf. Spread a thin layer of mayonnaise on each top half and a thin layer of mustard on each bottom half. Arrange the ham and pork evenly on each half, then stack the pickle slices and cheese on each half.nGrill the sandwiches in a buttered sandwich press until they are flat, the bread is browned, and the cheese has melted. Cut each sandwich in half and serve at once., ingredients: [12inch long Cuban bread, 12 teaspoon mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon mustard, 3 ounces serrano ham, thinly sliced, 3 ounces roasted pork, thinly sliced, 12 ounce pickle slices, 3 ounces Swiss cheese, thinly sliced], title: Cuban Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 25176: {instructions: Brush 4 gratin dishes with olive oil, arrange potatoes in the dishes, brush them with olive oil and season. Then prebake 5 to 6 minutes at 400 degrees. Prepare filling by sauteeing the vegetables and aromatics in olive oil until lightly caramelized. Stir in the ras el hanout and cook until strongly aromatic. Add wine and raisins and reduce until moist but not liquidy. Lightly wilt in spinach, adjust seasoning and fill in shells.nPrepare crust by steeping bulghur with hot water then flavoring with citrus, walnuts toasted with garlic and olive oil. Season and mound over filling.nBake all 12 minutes at 375 degrees, ingredients: [2 baking potatoes, like russets, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 onion, 2 carrots, 1 fennel bulb, 1 tablespoon ginger, 1 tablespoon garlic, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon ras el hanout available at middle eastern groceries, Salt and pepper, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup raisins, 2 bunches fresh spinach, 1 cup bulghur, 1 cup hot water, 1 orange, 1 lemon, 1 bunch thyme, 12 cup walnuts, 2 teaspoons garlic, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: A Vegetable Pie Filled with Spinach, Raisins, and Ras El Hanout, Topped with Herbed Bulgar Walnut Crust, picturelink: null}, 25177: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Whisk 1 tablespoon olive oil, the honey and 2 tablespoons water in a bowl. Put the potatoes, parsnips, fennel slices, onion, dried apricots and rosemary sprigs in a roasting pan. Add 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper, drizzle with the honey mixture and toss. Roast until the vegetables soften, about 30 minutes, stirring once.nMeanwhile, mix the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the garlic, lemon zest and chopped rosemary in a small bowl. Rub the herb mixture under and over the turkey skin. Season with salt and pepper and bring the meat to room temperature.nPlace the turkey on top of the vegetables in the pan roast until the skin browns and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 165 degrees F, 1 hour to 1 hour, 15 minutes. Cover with foil if the skin is getting too dark. Transfer the turkey to a cutting board and let rest 20 minutes.nToss the roasted vegetables with the lemon juice and fennel fronds. Slice the turkey and serve with the vegetables., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 pound sweet potatoes, halved or quartered if large, 1 pound small parsnips, peeled and halved, 1 bulb fennel, thinly sliced, plus 2 tablespoons chopped fronds, 1 large red onion, cut into 8 wedges, 12 cup dried apricots, 2 to 3 sprigs rosemary, plus 12 teaspoon chopped rosemary leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 small clove garlic, minced, Grated zest and juice of 12 lemon, 1 skinon, bonein turkey breast half 3 14 to 4 pounds], title: Roast Turkey Breast With Glazed Vegetables, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 25178: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat. Rub ears of corn with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill over mediumhigh heat 1015 minutes, turning occasionally. When cool enough to handle, carefully cut kernels off cobs with a sharp knife.nButter a 1quart casserole or souffle dish and dust with one tablespoon cornmeal. In a large saucepan, heat milk with some salt and pepper to just boiling. Gradually whisk in one cup of cornmeal. Cook over heat for 2 minutes, whisking constantly. Pour into a large mixing bowl and set aside to cool off a little.nMeanwhile, beat egg whites with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. When cornmeal mixture has cooled off some, stir in mustard, corn kernels, jalapeno and egg yolks. Stir in cheese and nutmeg. Fold egg whites into corn mixture and turn into buttered dish. Bake 45 minutes until puffed and golden., ingredients: [3 ears corn on the cob, shucked, 3 jalapeno peppers, seeded and finely diced, 2 cups milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, plus 1 Tbs. for dusting, 1 Tbs. Dijon mustard, 3 eggs, separated, 2 cups shredded cheddar cheese, freshly grated nutmeg, olive oil, salt and pepper to taste, butter], title: Jalapeno and Cheddar Cornmeal Spoonbread, picturelink: null}, 25179: {instructions: Using a sharp knife, peel all of the silver skin and 90 percent of the surface fat from the meat. Cut the meat into 3by3inch cubes and place them in a nonreactive container.nMix the oil, Tuckaway Steak Seasoning and vinegar in a bowl pour over the meat. Mix with your hands to be sure all surfaces are covered with marinade. Marinate the meat in the refrigerator for 3 to 5 days. More time equals more flavornGrill to your liking and serve with some homemade potato salad, coleslaw, or any delicious side you can think of.nIn a bowl, mix together the orange juice, minced garlic, minced onion, ground mustard, mustard seed, granulated garlic, granulated onion, salt and pepper., ingredients: [5 pounds wellmarbled sirloin flap meat, 6 12 ounces 8515 olive oilsalad oil blend, 4 ounces Tuckaways Steak Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 14 ounces apple cider vinegar or red wine vinegar, Potato salad, for serving, Coleslaw, for serving, 4 tablespoons orange juice, 12 ounce minced garlic, 12 ounce minced onion, 12 ounce ground mustard, 12 ounce mustard seed, 14 ounce granulated garlic, 14 ounce granulated onion, 12 ounce salt, 12 ounce finely ground black pepper, 12 ounce coarsely ground black pepper], title: Steak Tips, picturelink: bEKr2DOx6Pals8MtT6dKVVjYTi.d.IC}, 25180: {instructions: Combine all ingredients. Refrigerate for 1 hour., ingredients: [1 jicama, peeled, sliced, julienned, 3 oranges, supremed, 1 small red onion, diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, stemmed, seeded, chopped fine wear rubber gloves, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Orange and Jicama Salad, picturelink: null}, 25181: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dipping sauce: Puree the cranberry sauce, mayonnaise and orange zest in the bowl of a food processor until evenly combined. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the bites: Heat 3 inches of vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat to 350 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Put the stuffing, turkey, Parmesan, rosemary and 1 egg in a medium bowl and mix well until the mixture is evenly moistened. Place the flour, remaining 2 eggs and the panko in 3 separate shallow bowls. Beat the eggs to break apart until 1 cohesive color.nShape 1 tablespoon of the turkey mixture into a ball. Press a piece of smoked mozzarella into the middle of the ball and reshape the mixture around the cheese. Bread the ball by rolling it first in the flour to coat, then the egg and lastly the panko. Repeat with the remaining turkey mixture and breading ingredients. Fry 4 to 5 or the balls at a time until deep golden brown and hot all the way through, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a papertowel lined plate and sprinkle with a pinch of salt. Serve hot alongside the dipping sauce., ingredients: [12 cup cranberry sauce, 14 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 12 cups leftover stuffing, 1 cup finely diced cooked turkey, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 12 teaspoon chopped rosemary, 3 eggs, 12 cup flour, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 4 ounces smoked mozzarella, diced into 16 12inch pieces, Kosher salt], title: Crispy Turkey Bites, picturelink: 9.Oo00EFeCgm9cwOda4F.ARPfYNYWAq}, 25182: {instructions: Dice 1 pound red plums toss with 1 pound quartered strawberries, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon cinnamon and the juice of 1 lemon in a bowl. Cover and let stand 2 to 6 hours. Transfer to a large skillet. Add 13 cup honey cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is thick and registers 220 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 30 minutes. Fill sterilized jars, leaving a 12inch headspace, then seal and process for 15 minutes.nTIP: This jam is delicious with butter on a crusty baguette or drizzled over vanilla ice cream.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Skillet StrawberryPlum Jam, picturelink: imuwFBdrvck2oxcA8klUMn.VD9bFIa}, 25183: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the lemon zest, juice, wine and shallot in a small saucepan over high heat and cook until reduced by half. Remove from the heat and let cool. Whisk together the cream, butter and wine mixture in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. The lemon butter can be made 1 day in advance and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving.nHeat the grill to high.nBrush the fish on both sides with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the fish for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until lightly golden brown and slightly charred. Toss the orzo with a few tablespoons of the lemon butter and 2 tablespoons of the parsley and season with salt and pepper. Transfer the orzo to a platter. Remove from the grill and immediately place the fillets on the orzo and top each fillet with some of the lemon butter and capers. Garnish with the remaining parsley., ingredients: [1 lemon, finely zested, 2 lemons, juiced, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, Splash heavy cream, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into cubes, at room temperature, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 8ounce tilapia fillets, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound orzo, cooked al dente, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 cup drained capers], title: Grilled Tilapia with Lemon Butter, Capers and Orzo, picturelink: KObqokAvxg9sce1HxGLeMFfhmfVPmxq}, 25184: {instructions: Special equipment: A melon ballernHalve the oranges and gently scrape out the pulp, membrane and white pith with a spoon or melon baller. Place the orange rinds in muffin tins or fit them all into a pan so they can be filled without tipping over.nPut 12 cup cold water in a bowl, sprinkle the gelatin evenly on top and let it absorb the water for 2 minutes. Whisk in 34 cup boiling water until the gelatin is fully dissolved and then whisk in the sugar until dissolved. Cool the mixture to room temperature and then stir in the blood orange sparkling soda, tequila and orange liqueur. Spoon the gelatin mixture into the orange rinds. Refrigerate overnight.nCarefully slice each orange half into 2 wedges and serve., ingredients: [6 oranges, Three 14ounce envelopes unflavored gelatin, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup blood orange sparkling soda, such as San Pellegrino, 34 cup silver tequila, 34 cup orange liqueur, such as Triple Sec], title: Blood Orange Margarita Shots, picturelink: PN3GUhANv1xPr63PzlW3tY50CWlwt5W}, 25185: {instructions: Break up the cauliflower into large florets, then use your hands to break into very small florets.nHeat a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh to high heat. Add the oil, then the cauliflower and garlic. Stir the cauliflower around in the pan, allowing it to get very brown in some areas. Cook for 3 minutes, then turn the heat to low.nAdd the soy sauce, lime juice and most of the sliced green onions, reserving the rest for serving. Stir and allow to cook for 1 minute, then add the hot sauce and stir until incorporated. Add a little more hot sauce if you want a deeper color and flavor.nServe hot in a bowl. Sprinkle the remaining green onions on top and serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, Juice of 1 lime or a splash of rice wine vinegar, 2 green onions, sliced, 1 tablespoon Sriracha or other hot sauce, plus more if needed, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Spicy Cauliflower StirFry, picturelink: eITHn1yUU3UmzhXRwUOrbIDy9Mc8zIm}, 25186: {instructions: Set 2 racks in the middle and upper thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, stir the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, oats, and pecans together with a whisk or fork.nIn a large bowl, beat the butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar together for 30 seconds until blended. Beat in the egg until smooth and barely fluffy. With mixer running on medium high, drizzle in the maple syrup, and vanilla until incorporated. Turn the mixer down to its lowest setting and gradually add the flouroatmeal mixture. Blend just to combine, then mix in the chocolate chips.nDrop walnutsized balls of dough onto a nonstick or parchmentlined cookie sheet at 3inch intervals. With moistened fingers, flatten and round out the cookies a little. Bake for 9 minutes, turning the pan once for even baking. The cookies are done when they are lightly browned on top. Set the cookie sheets on a rack to cool., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups rolled oldfashioned oats, 12 cup coarsely chopped pecans, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup lightly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 14 cup maple syrup, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chip Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: tBXMCPMK4RTijpJFm0x5RkMUrEB4YGe}, 25187: {instructions: Create an ice float by freezing water in a plastic container choose a size that will make a shape to fit comfortably in your punch bowl for at least 6 hours or overnight.nCombine the pomegranate juice, lemonade and rum in a large punch bowl and stir well to incorporate. When ready to serve, add the large ice float, stir well and then chill for at least 15 minutes. Garnish with the berries and lemon wheels. Serve over ice in coupe or punch glasses., ingredients: [5 cups pomegranate juice, such as Pom, 3 cups good quality lemonade, One 750milliliter bottle white rum or aged rum if youre feeling adventurous, 1 cup fresh berries, such as blueberries and raspberries, Lemon wheels, for garnish, Ice, for serving], title: Pomegranate Rum Punch for a Crowd, picturelink: qFHaaKERjhQfM4LlNyfcaAJFMdKg3NK}, 25188: {instructions: Special equipment: a 5inch round cutternPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nDust your work surface with flour and roll the biscuit dough out 14inch thick or slightly thicker. Cut out 5inch rounds with a cutter. Reroll the scraps and cut again.nSpread a tablespoon of mustard over half of the top of each round. Fold the ham slices, put them on top of the mustard, leaving a 14inch border, and then mound a scant 12 cup of the Cheddar on top. Fold the dough over to make a halfmoon and press with a fork to seal. As you go, transfer each finished biscuit to the prepared baking sheet.nBrush the tops of the biscuits with cream and top with a sprinkling of black pepper. Bake until golden brown and baked through, about 15 minutes. Cool briefly and serve hot.nCombine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Cut in the butter using your fingers or a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk and mix gently until the mixture just begins to come together., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 recipe Buttermilk Biscuit Dough, recipe follows, 12 cup wholegrain mustard, 8 thin slices city ham, 4 cups shredded sharp white or yellow Cheddar, 12 cup heavy cream, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 cups cold buttermilk], title: HamCheddar Biscuit Sandwiches, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 25189: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the eggplants into 1inch chunks. Scoop out the flesh with a melon baller or teaspoon measure to form small cups, making sure not to go all the way through the bottom. Lightly spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Place the cups, scooped side up, onto the sheet pan and lightly spray them with cooking spray. Season them with salt and pepper. Bake the cups until they are just softened but not collapsed, 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the eggplant cups are baking, heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the sausage, breaking it up with a fork, and cook for 6 to 8 minutes until cooked through. Stir in the corn muffin crumbles, broth, and Italian seasoning. Cook until the liquid is absorbed, about 2 minutes. Fill the eggplant cups with the sausage mixture. Transfer to platter and garnished with chopped chives, if desired., ingredients: [5 Japanese eggplants, Nonstick cooking spray, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 hot or sweet Italian sausages, removed from their casings, 1 large or 2 small corn muffins, crumbled, 12 cup chicken broth, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, Chopped chives, for garnish, if desired], title: Eggplant Cups with Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: S4IYRzqZ56w1dVZD2l8oe1MTjcfxCr2}, 25190: {instructions: Grits:nBoil 4 cups water and add salt and pepper. Add quick grits, stirring until mixed well. Reduce heat and cook about 5 minutes stirring occasionally. Remove from heat. Place in a greased casserole dish. Top with cayenne pepper, if desired.nGrillades:nSeason steak strips. Dredge in flour. Fry bacon in heavy skillet. When browned, remove bacon strips from skillet and saute onions and bell pepper in bacon drippings. Fry floured beef strips until brown. Remove strips from pan. Add water to make gravy. Return strips to gravy and heat through,nServe the grillades over the grits., ingredients: [4 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup quick grits, Cayenne pepper, 1 pound round steak, cut into strips, Creole Seasoning, for seasoning steak strips, Flour, for dredging, 5 strips bacon, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 small bell pepper, sliced in 14inch rounds, Water, to make gravy], title: Grillades and Grits, picturelink: null}, 25191: {instructions: Begin by putting the chicken livers into boiling water and cook until tender. Remove from the water and put in a food processor and process to a patelike texture. Set aside.nIn a separate pot, add the bouillon granules to boiling water, and then add the eggplant. Reduce the heat to medium and cook until tender, about 10 minutes.nBrown the meat in a lightly greased, heavy castiron pot. Pour off the excess grease. Remove the meat and melt the butter. Add the celery, onions and bell peppers and saute until tender. Add back the chicken livers, meat mixture and cooked eggplant. Add Cajun seasoning to taste. Slowly simmer for 1 12 hours.nMeanwhile, cook the rice according to package directions and add to the dressing a bit at a time until you achieve the balance that you like of rice to dressing mix. At the very end, add the chopped green onion tops. Simmer for a few minutes longer., ingredients: [1 pound chicken livers, 2 tablespoons chicken bouillon granules, 2 large eggplant, diced, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound breakfast sausage, 34 stick butter, 5 stalks celery with leaves, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 bell pepper, chopped, Cajun seasoning mix, 2 to 4 cups uncooked long grain rice, 1 cup green onion tops, chopped], title: Dirty Rice Dressing, picturelink: null}, 25192: {instructions: Place garlic, anchovy fillets, and salt in a large wooden salad bowl. Using 2 dinner forks, mash the garlic and anchovies into a paste whisk in pepper, lemon juice Worcestershire sauce, Dijon mustard, and egg yolk. Whisk in olive oil.nCut or tear the romaine leaves into 1 to 1 12inch pieces. Add the croutons, romaine, and cheese to the bowl and toss well. Garnish with extra grated cheese if desired. Serve immediatelynRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell.nHeat oven to 450 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the butter and olive oil. Add the cubes of bread and toss until coated. Add the salt, cayenne pepper and black pepper toss until evenly coated.nSpread the bread in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside until needed., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, 4 anchovy fillets, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 large egg yolk, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Croutons, recipe follows, 2 heads romaine lettuce, outer leaves discarded, inner leaves washed and dried, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan or Romano cheese or 2 12 ounces shaved with a vegetable peeler, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 loaf 8 to 10 ounces rustic Italian bread, crusts removed, cut into 34inch cubes, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 14 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper], title: Caesar Salad 101, picturelink: null}, 25193: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a heatproof bowl soak the porcini in the water for 15 minutes. Drain the porcini, reserving the liquid, pat dry and chop fine. Strain reserved soaking liquid through a double thickness of dampened cheesecloth into a bowl.nIn a skillet set over moderate heat cook the onion in the butter, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes.nAdd the spinach, garlic and mushrooms and cook, stirring, 3 to 4 minutes, or until heated through. Transfer mixture to a bowl, add remaining ingredients using only 12 cup of locatelli and gently stir to combine well.nCook the manicotti in boiling salted water until just al dente. With a slotted spoon transfer to a bowl of cold water, drain and pat dry. Gently stuff shells with filling and arrange in a buttered baking dish.nMake the sauce: In a saucepan set over moderately low heat melt the butter, add the flour and cook the mixture, whisking, for 2 minutes. Add the milk and reserved mushroom liquid and bring to a simmer, whisking. Add nutmeg, salt and pepper and simmer, whisking occasionally, for 5 minutes.nSpoon the sauce over the manicotti, sprinkle with the remaining locatelli and bake, covered with foil for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake for 1015 minutes longer. Let rest 5 minutes. Sprinkle with snipped fresh chives., ingredients: [1 ounce dried porcini, 1 cup hot water, 1 cup minced red onion, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups cooked and drained spinach, chopped, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 15ounce container ricotta cheese, 12 cup coarsely grated mozzarella, 1 cup grated locatelli cheese, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, Salt and pepper to taste, Freshly grated nutmeg to taste, 8 manicotti shells, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 12 cups milk, heated, Freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and pepper to taste, Snipped fresh chives or minced parsley for garnish if desired], title: Spinach and Porcini Stuffed Manicotti, picturelink: null}, 25194: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Whisk the halfandhalf, cayenne, 12 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste in a small bowl.nHeat the olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and cook until just softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the bell peppers cook until the peppers are soft and the shallots are golden, 5 to 6 more minutes. Add the tomatoes, ham, bread, parsley and 14 cup water and cook until most of the liquid is absorbed, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and black pepper. Remove from the heat.nMake 8 evenly spaced indentations in the bread mixture with the bottom of a ladle or small measuring cup. Crack an egg into each indentation. Slowly pour the halfandhalf mixture over the eggs. Bake, rotating the skillet a few times, until the whites are set, about 15 minutes. Top with parsley.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 cup halfandhalf or whole milk, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, sliced, 2 large green bell peppers, seeded and cut into 12inch strips, 1 12 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 pound thinly sliced ham, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 slices sourdough bread, torn into pieces about 2 cups, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more for topping, 8 large eggs], title: Western Skillet Eggs, picturelink: cykjrsmZoJ7izy71NpGh1fhJh9hJy}, 25195: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all of the ingredients except the crust into the bowl of a food processor and pulse 8 to 10 times. Place in an airtight container and store in the refrigerator for at least 3 days before using. Can be stored for up to 6 months.nIf you prefer a finer texture of mincemeat place the apples, dried fruit and suet into a meat grinder with a large die and grind. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the remaining ingredients. You may also finely chop the apples, dried fruit and suet by hand.nPlace the flour, cornmeal, 1 12 ounces sugar and salt into a large mixing bowl and whisk to combine. Grate the cold butter on the large side of a box grater directly into the dry ingredients. Work together with your hands until the mixture is crumbly. Add the cider and water and stir with a spatula to combine. Knead the dough 5 to 6 times and spritz with additional water if the dough is dry. Shape into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for 20 minutes.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nUnwrap the dough and divide into 4 equal pieces. Place 2 pieces of the dough onto a piece of parchment paper and roll each out into a 18inch thick round that is 6 to 8 inches in diameter. Spoon about 12 cup of the mincemeat into the center of each round, fold up the edges of the dough in order to form a crust all the way around. Brush the edges of the crust with egg wash and sprinkle lightly with sugar. Transfer the dough on the parchment to a half sheet pan. Place on the middle rack of the oven and bake for 30 minutes or until the crust is golden brown. Repeat with the remaining dough.nIf you prefer 1 large pie, roll out the dough on a piece of parchment into a 15 to 16inch round, about 14 to 18inch thick. Trim the edges with a pizza cutter. Carefully slide the rolled out dough, still on the parchment paper, onto an upside down half sheet pan. Spoon about 1 12 pounds of the mincemeat onto the center of the dough, leaving a 2 to 3inch margin around the edge of the crust. Place in the oven and bake for 35 minutes or until the crust is golden. Remove from the oven and allow to cool for 30 to 45 minutes before serving.nYield: 10 to 12 servings, ingredients: [2 Granny Smith Apples, peeled, cored and quartered, 8 ounces golden raisins, 6 ounces dark brown sugar, 4 ounces dried figs, coarsely chopped, 2 ounces dried cherries, 2 ounces beef suet, coarsely chopped, 1ounce crystallized ginger, coarsely chopped, 12 cup brandy, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon freshly ground allspice, 14 teaspoon freshly ground clove, Cornmeal crust, see recipe below, 12 ounces allpurpose flour, plus additional for dusting, 2 12 ounces stone ground cornmeal, 1 12 ounces sugar, plus extra for the crust, 1 teaspoon table salt, 8 ounces very cold unsalted butter, 2 ounces apple cider or juice, 2 ounces cold water, 1 egg beaten with 1 teaspoon water], title: Mincemeat Pie, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 25196: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a large baking sheet with sides with aluminum foil. Pour the butter onto the lined sheet. In a large bowl, mix the egg whites, sugar and cinnamon. Add the pecan halves and toss until they are fully coated. Spread the pecans onto the baking sheet. Bake for 30 minutes, stirring the pecans every 10 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet for 10 to 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick butter, melted, 3 large egg whites, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 cups pecan halves], title: Jerrys Sugared Pecans, picturelink: jgsSEGr5yaVlSmGYFJKe5LPvmKj.TsW}, 25197: {instructions: For the meatballs: Place the chicken thighs, eggs, celery salt, and white pepper in a food processor. Pulse until the meat is ground but still a little bit chunky. Do not make a smooth pastenTransfer the chicken mixture to a bowl. Stir together the breadcrumbs and blue cheese until combined.nFill a small bowl with water. To form the meatballs, wet your hands a little and shape the mixture into 1inch balls. Lay the meatballs on a sheet tray.nHeat a large, deep pan over mediumhigh heat and add the oil to fill about 14inch up the sides. Do not fill the pan completely with oil.nPour the flour into a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Roll each meatball in the flour to give it a light coating.nWhen the oil is hot, add the meatballs and cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Flip the meatballs halfway through cooking. You may have to cook them in batches if they dont fit in the pan, adding more oil if needed. Drain the cooked meatballs on a paper towellined plate.nFor the sauce: Combine the tomato juice, rice wine vinegar, hot sauce, celery salt, white pepper, and salt in a large bowl. Whisk in the oil until well blended and slightly thickened.nFor serving: Transfer half the meatballs to a large bowl. Pour some of the sauce over top, just enough to coat the meatballs. Gently toss the meatballs around to coat in the sauce. Using tongs, transfer the meatballs to serving plate and insert a toothpick. Repeat with remaining meatballs.nPour the remaining sauce into a small bowl and serve as a dipping sauce., ingredients: [8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into chunks, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon celery salt, A few grinds freshly ground white pepper, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, Grapeseed oil, for cooking, 2 cups flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups tomato juice, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, Pinch celery salt, Few grinds white pepper, Salt, 14 cup grapeseed oil], title: Blue Cheese Chicken Meatballs, picturelink: EYGyXo361e3YXcqUmoHoDZTxDzzOI46}, 25198: {instructions: Place flour in a mound on a wood surface and make a small well in the middle of the flour. Lightly beat eggs with salt and vinegar. Gradually add egg mixture a little at a time to the flour, combing with a fork to moisten all bits of flour. Knead dough into a cohesive mass. Then continue kneading until smooth and elastic, about 400 strokes. Separate about 14 of the dough into a separate ball for frying. Cover each portion of dough with plastic wrap to prevent drying out and let rest for about 20 minutes at room temperature.nSeason chicken with salt and pepper and dredge in flour. Heat butter and oil in a large rondeau or saute pan, and brown chicken on all sides. Remove chicken to a utility platter, and add mushrooms to pan and saute until golden brown. Then add shallot and garlic and cook until translucent. Add cherry brandy, then deglaze pan with wine. Add the chicken stock, bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Return the chicken parts to the sauce, add the sachet, cover and cook over low heat until chicken is tender, about 40 minutes.nWhile chicken is cooking, roll out dough in pasta machine 14 at a time until it is about 116th of an inch thick. Cut the reserved portion for frying into thin strips, 2inches long. Cut the larger portion into ribbons with a pasta roller or pizza cutter. Fry the smaller reserved portion at 350 degrees F until golden brown and place on paper toweling to drain. Cook larger portion in boiling water until al dente, just a few minutes for fresh pasta, and drain.nGently remove chicken to a platter, strain sauce and return the sauce to the pan. Allow sauce to reduce until it is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Finish sauce by removing from heat and whisking in creme fraiche. Season with salt and pepper, as needed.nPlace boiled pasta on serving plate and top with chicken. Spoon sauce around chicken and top with fried dough., ingredients: [1 cup white bread flour, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, Dash vinegar, Oil, for frying, 1 3 to 4pound chicken quartered into 2 halves, breast with wing and 2 thighs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 cups button mushrooms, cleaned and quartered, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons cherry brandy, 1 cup Riesling wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 sachet depices of 8 peppercorns, 1 bay leaf and 6 parsley stems wrapped in cheesecloth, 3 12 ounces creme fraiche], title: Cockerel in Riesling Mushroom Sauce with Ribbon Noodles, picturelink: i7iYerbCGTFYDO0X8cP8zw45bTUXGSq}, 25199: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray or grease the bottom of an 8by8by2inch pan.nMelt the chocolate with the shortening in the microwave or over a double boiler. Cool slightly. In a mixing bowl, beat the eggs well. Add the sugar and combine thoroughly, then stir the chocolate mixture.nSift the flour together with the baking powder and salt, and stir into the flour mixture. Stir in the pecans and vanilla extract.nSpread the batter evenly in the prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool in pan for 5 minutes and cut into squares. These are delicious warm or cold. Spread with Coconut Frosting.nCombine the evaporated milk, sugar and egg yolks in a saucepan. Stir with a wire whisk until the yolks are fully incorporated. Add the butter, melt, and bring to a simmer. Cook until the mixture thickens, 12 to 15 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the coconut, nuts and vanilla extract and let cool., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 ounces unsweetened baking chocolate, 13 cup solid vegetable shortening, such as Crisco, 2 large eggs, 1 cup sugar, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Coconut Frosting, recipe follows, 1 cup evaporated milk, 1 cup sugar, 4 egg yolks, 12 cup butter 1 stick, 10 ounces fresh or frozen grated coconut, thawed, 1 12 cups nuts pecans, walnuts or almonds, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Brownies with Coconut Frosting, picturelink: 0LimezhsY41eXki24492ea64K0tjfoa}}