{25500: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, combine cornstarch, cinnamon, and salt. Stir in orange juice and cranberry sauce. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until thickened, and set aside.nPlace pork in a shallow roasting pan and cover with about half the cranberry mixture. Insert a meat thermometer. Roast 1 to 1 12 hours, basting occasionally with the remaining sauce. Meat is done when thermometer reads 160 degrees F. Remove meat from oven and allow to rest 10 minutes before carving., ingredients: [3 teaspoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons orange juice, 1 16ounce can whole berry cranberry sauce, 1 3 to 5pound boneless pork loin], title: Pork Roast with Cranberry Glaze, picturelink: null}, 25501: {instructions: In a wok set over moderately high heat heat the oil until hot. Add the ginger, onion and celery and stirfry 1 minute. Add the cabbage and bean sprouts and stir fry 2 to 3 minutes more, or until vegetables are slightly softened. Add the pork and shrimp and stirfry 1 minute more. Add the chicken stock and sugar, bring the mixture to a boil and stir in the cornstarch mixture. Simmer until lightly thickened. Stir in sesame oil, salt and pepper to taste.nIn a saucepan have water at a boil. Remove from heat and whisk in cornstarch mixture. Have ready 12 egg roll wrappers under dampened towel. Place a portion of the filing in a line diagonally across one corner of wrapper, brush with some of cornstarch paste and fold in the ends. Roll tightly to make a sealed cylinder. Repeat with remaining wrappers. Have oil heated to 350 degrees F. Fry egg rolls, in small batches, turning, for about 4 minutes, or until golden brown. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Makes 12 egg rolls.nRecommended Wine: 1991 Domaine Carneros Brut, ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 34 cup minced scallions, 2 celery stalks, 4 cups shredded Napa cabbage, 12 cup bean sprouts, 12 cup julienned Chinese roast pork, 12 cup diced shelled and deveined shrimp, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 to 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablepoon water, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 cup boiling water, 2 tablespoons cornstarch dissolved in 3 tablespoons water, 12 egg roll wrappers, Vegetable oil for deep frying], title: Roast Pork, Shrimp and Cabbage Egg Rolls, picturelink: null}, 25502: {instructions: Special equipment: a 6quart slow cookernCombine the oats, nutmeg, bananas and cinnamon stick in a 6quart slow cooker with 7 12 cups water and 18 teaspoon salt. Cook on low for 8 hours.nServe the oatmeal with your desired toppings., ingredients: [1 12 cups steelcut oats, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 very ripe bananas, mashed, 1 cinnamon stick, Kosher salt, Suggested toppings: toasted almonds or coconut see Cooks Note, toasted nuts, fresh or dried berries, maple syrup, ground cinnamon, coconut milk, almond milk, dairy milk and yogurt.], title: SlowCooker SteelCut Oats, picturelink: pmS9QHgJyXhBiTZWvqL7wxoWcK5t.y}, 25503: {instructions: To prepare the kebabs, skewer the lamb pieces alternating with the onions into 6 large metal skewers. Place the kebabs in a large baking dish. In a small bowl, whisk together the garlic, orange zest and juice, mint, and oil. Pour the marinade over the kebabs and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, or up to 2 hours.nWhile the lamb is marinating, prepare the yogurt sauce. Whisk together the yogurt, garlic, cumin, and chile powder in a bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until you are ready to serve.nTo grill the kebabs, oil the grill and prepare a hot fire. If you are using a gas grill, preheat on high. If you are using a charcoal grill, let the coals burn until they are covered with gray ash. The fire is hot when you can hold your hand over the grill for no longer than 5 seconds. Remove the lamb from the marinade and drain very well. Place the skewers on the grill and grill, turning once or twice, for 6 to 8 minutes for medium doneness.nPlace the skewers on a serving platter, and garnish with mint sprigs. Serve warm, with the sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 12 pounds lamb shoulder, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 sweet onion, such as a Walla Walla, cubed, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 orange, zested, 3 oranges, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup wholemilk yogurt, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, toasted and ground, 1 tablespoon chili powder, toasted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Marinated Lamb Kebabs with a ChileYogurt Sauce, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 25504: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: an assortment of cookie cuttersnIn a large bowl, combine the flour, salt, allspice, cinnamon, cloves, ginger and nutmeg, and whisk them together. Set the mixture aside for a minute.nIn an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the brown sugar and softened butter until fluffy. Drizzle in the molasses, mixing well and scraping the sides halfway through if necessary. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the maple extract and mix well. Add the flour mixture in 3 batches, beating until just combined after each addition. The dough will be pretty dense and slightly dry to the touch. Thats the way you want it Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate it for at least 2 hours.nWhen ready to bake, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nRoll the dough out 13 inch thick rolling between 2 sheets of plastic wrap will keep the rolling pin from sticking. Cut using any cutters you like, and transfer onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake until the cookies are baked through but still soft, 16 to 18 minutes., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 12 cups packed dark brown sugar, 34 cup 1 12 sticks softened unsalted butter, 1 cup dark molasses, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon maple extract], title: Gingerbread Cookies, picturelink: YDCuiNXp.7Ioh33seRqjVXOXbt70kly}, 25505: {instructions: In a large pot, bring the water to a boil. Add the lobsters. Bring the water back to a rolling boil and start a timer for 8 minutes. When the timer sounds remove the cooked lobsters and put them into an ice bath to stop the cooking process. When cooled, remove all the lobster meat and cut into 12inch dice. Refrigerate cooked lobster until you are ready to assemble the sandwiches.nFor the dressing:nMix the mayonnaise, celery, onion, paprika, salt, lemon juice and pepper in a mixing bowl. Add the lobster pieces, stirring to combine. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFinal assembly:nUsing clarified butter, brush both sides the hot dog buns and toast in a hot saute pan or on a griddle until golden brown. While still warm, divide the lobster roll filling evenly among buns. Serve with fresh lemon wedges and favorite side dish., ingredients: [2 gallons salted water, 4 live lobsters, 2 cups prepared mayonnaise, 1cup finely diced celery, 1cup finely diced onion, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Clarified butter, for brushing rolls, 4 topsplit hot dog buns, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Main Lobster Roll, picturelink: null}, 25506: {instructions: Add the coffee to the ice cream in the carton or combine them in a mug. Stir to combine. Add ice, stir and enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup warm brewed coffee, 2 tablespoons vanilla icecream], title: Vanilla IceCream Latte, picturelink: kxV2ZstwFzINYOFDsJH5KKpqC66WtWy}, 25507: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nnPat the ribs dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat 2ntablespoons of the oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat and brown the ribsnon all sides, working in batches if needed. Remove the ribs and set aside. Addnthe remaining 1 tablespoon of oil to the Dutch oven and reduce the heat to medium.nAdd the carrots, celery, onions and some salt and pepper and cook until soft,nabout 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Addnthe tomato paste and cook, stirring, to remove the raw flavor, about 3 minutes.nDeglaze the pan with the vinegar, and then add the red pepper flakes and baynleaves.nnAdd the ribs back to the pan and add enough stock to reachnhalfway up the sides of the ribs. Bring the pan to a simmer, cover and place innthe oven. Braise until the meat is tender, about 1 12 hours. During the lastnhalf hour, uncover to allow the liquid to reduce and the pork to brown.nnServe the ribs with Creamy Polenta, spooning the sauce onntop, and garnishing with parsley.nnSpray the insert of a slow cooker with cooking spray for easier clean up and preheat on high.nnIn a medium saucepan, add 1 cup of the halfandhalf, the milk, 1 tablespoon of the butter and the polenta. Season with salt and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly to keep the mixture lumpfree. Boil for 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the mixture into the slow cooker and cook on high for 2 hours, stirring once or twice per hour.nnOnce you are ready to serve, open the slow cooker and whisk in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, the remaining 13 cup halfandhalf and the Parmesan. Salt and pepper conservatively since the polenta will be served with a robustly salted dish., ingredients: [3 pounds bonein countrystyle pork ribs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 bay leaves, 2 12 cups chicken stock, Creamy Polenta, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, , Vegetable cooking spray, 1 13 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons butter, 13 cup coarse polenta, or corn grits, Kosher salt, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Freshly ground black pepper, ], title: Braised CountryStyle Pork Ribs, picturelink: ECtVZAnwK.navVzyuBhvxddPjh7zpqa}, 25508: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring chicken broth to a boil in a medium saucepan. Once boiling add pasta and cook for 5 to 6 minutes Add peas, spinach and mushrooms, season with salt and pepper and continue to cook for an additional 2 to 3 minutes. Serve topped with Parmesan cheese.nNutrition analysis per serving: Calories: 120 Total fat: 2g Saturated fat: 1g Carbohydrate: 18g Protein: 9g Sodium: 360mg , ingredients: [1 quart lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup wholewheat pasta recommended: rotelle or other small shaped pasta recommended, 1 cup frozen green peas, 2 cups baby spinach, 34 cup mushrooms, quartered, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons shredded Parmesan], title: Speedy Soup, picturelink: VXXa2YKkXhsJmUOQyyV4YmGW3zsRMi}, 25509: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut wooden skewers in a pan of water for 30 minutes, so they dont burn on the grill.nHeat the oil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the achiote seeds. Turn off the heat and let the seeds steep until the oil turns a vibrant orangered, about 5 minutes. Strain the oil through a finemesh sieve into a blender: discard the seeds. Add the vinegar, garlic, aji amarillo, cumin, salt, and pepper. Cover the blender and puree until well combined.nPlace the pork in a resealable gallonsized plastic bag. Add the achiote marinade, turn the bag to coat the pork, squeeze out the air, and seal. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nPreheat an outdoor grill or grill pan to mediumhigh you may also preheat the oven broiler.nRemove the pork from the marinade discard the marinade. Thread the pork onto the skewers alternating with the pineapple and red onions. Grill or broil the pork skewers until they are browned on all sides, 4 to 6 minutes total cooking time. Take care not to overcook or the pork will become tough and dry. Serve the pork skewers on a bed of lettuce leaves and garnish with lime wedges. Pull the pork off the skewers onto a lettuce leaf and eat like a taco. For a great presentation, stick the skewers into a whole pineapple and put on the table with the lettuce and lime on the side., ingredients: [Wooden skewers, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon achiote annatto seeds, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 5 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon seeded and finely chopped jarred aji amarillo peppers or fresh habanero, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound pork loin, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored, and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 large red onion, quartered, halved, and cut crosswise, 1 head butter lettuce, such as Bibb or Boston, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Grilled Pork and Pineapple Skewers with Achiote Sauce, picturelink: enoSPIumrtRCq5ndNiVEgXCyH63Ce}, 25510: {instructions: Halve all the fruit and place in a pot of water with the sugarcane and cinnamon. Bring to a boil and simmer until fruit is softened. In the event of not getting entirely ripened fruit, add sugar to water. Strain this mixture into a bowl and let cool. To garnish the drink, slice some apple and orange and sprinkle with cinnamon powder or use a cinnamon stick to stir., ingredients: [6 guava fruit, 2 apples, 20 crabapples, 2 to 3 feet ripe sugarcane, 2 pieces cinnamon stick, Apple and orange slices, for garnish], title: Ponche Mexicano, picturelink: null}, 25511: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, using a wooden spoon, cream together the butter and brown and granulated sugars until smooth but not over mixed. I do this by hand, but if you use a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or a handheld mixer, beat on medium speed for 1 to 2 minutes, and then scrape down the sides of the bowl before continuing. Add the egg, vanilla and salt and stir just until combined.nSift in the flour, baking soda and baking powder and stir gently just until combined. Add the chocolate and nuts if using and stir just until evenly distributed throughout the dough. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPosition the racks in the upper third and lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nScoop up 1inch balls of the dough with a spoon or mini scoop and set them 2 inches apart on the prepared pans. Bake the cookies, rotating the pans after 7 to 9 minutes, for 13 to 17 minutes until the cookies are golden brown. If you like a very soft cookie, bake them for 13 minutes. If you like a crisp cookie, bake them for 17 minutes. Transfer to racks and let cool. I think these cookies are best the day they are baked, but they will keep in an airtight cookie jar for up to 4 daysif they last that long., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 4 ounces butter, softened but still cool, 34 cup 6 14 ounces firmly packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon 4 ounces granulated sugar, 1 large egg 1 12 ounces by weight, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 14 cups plus 3 tablespoons 7 ounces allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped the size of chocolate chips, or bittersweet chocolate chips about 1 12 cups, 34 cup 3 ounces chopped walnuts, optional], title: Chocolate Chip Cookies Straight Up or with Nuts, picturelink: Z6nR3wmE4RXzVxhXcTCXYvPnQzKNNu}, 25512: {instructions: In a small bowl combine the yeast, sugar, and the warm water in a large bowl until the yeast is dissolved and foamy, about 5 to 10 minutes.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the cornmeal and salt with the boiling water. Beat vigorously with a wooden spoon to blend. Add the melted butter and mix to incorporate. Now, pour the yeast mixture into the cornmeal mixture, stirring to combine. Gradually add the flour, mixing well after each addition. Add a couple of tablespoons of water if the dough feels dry and doesnt come together easily. Continue to mix until a dough forms into a ball. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead, adding just enough flour to keep the dough from sticking, until smooth and elastic, about 5 to 10 minutes.nGrease a large bowl with oil and transfer the dough to the bowl, brush the top with more oil so it is completely coated. Cover the dough with a kitchen towel and let it rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk, about 112 hours.nTurn the dough out onto the floured surface and knead briefly, 3 or 4 times, to punch out the air. Gather the dough into a ball and shape it into a round loaf. Cover the dough with a kitchen towel and let rise again until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. and place a pizza stone in the oven to heat up.nPut the dough round on the pizza stone and brush the top with oil. Sprinkle the top of the bread with coarse salt. Bake in middle of the oven for 40 to 50 minutes until the bread is golden brown and bottom sounds hollow when tapped. To recreate the steam effect from authentic Portuguese brick ovens, spray the bread and oven walls with cold water every 10 minutes. Transfer the bread to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [2 packages active dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 cup warm water, 1 12 cups stoneground cornmeal, plus additional for sprinkling, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 cup boiling water, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 1 tablespoon coarse salt], title: Portuguese Cornbread: Broa, picturelink: null}, 25513: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl mix the flour, cream cheese, egg, salt, and water. Turn onto a lightly floured surface and knead until the dough is soft and even.nPlace the cooked potatoes in another large mixing bowl and mash. Add sauteed onions, cream cheese, paprika, garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Mix until texture is solid and not runny.nRoll dough approximately 18inch thick. Cut into round shapes, approximately 3 12inches in diameter. Add a small amount of potato filling to the center of a disk. Fold in half to form a halfmoon shape. Seal and pinch ends tightly.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Boil pierogis rapidly for 4 to 5 minutes. Drain and cool.nMelt butter in a saute pan, add chopped onions, and cook until browned. Add the peirogis and saute until slightly crisp., ingredients: [14 pound cream cheese, 1 egg, 34ounce salt, 2 cups warm water, 5 pounds potatoes, peeled and boiled, 2 onions, chopped and sauteed, 12 pound cream cheese, 14ounce paprika, 1ounce garlic powder, 1 12 ounces salt, 14ounce black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, chopped, 2 12 pounds allpurpose flour], title: Potato Pierogi, picturelink: null}, 25514: {instructions: Add all ingredients except 1 banana and thoroughly mix with the hand held blender until it is well combined and uniform.nWhip eggs and sugar with a whisk. Add vanilla and whisk until sugar has completely dissolved. Continue to whisk while adding the halfandhalf.nIn a hot pot over medium heat, melt butter and brown sugar with the vanilla. Wait until butter is completely melted. Remove pan from the heat, add the rum and ignite with a long kitchen match. When the flames die down, add the cream immediately and whisk vigorously until sauce is completely smooth.nHeat some oil in a large saute pan. Stuff 4 quarters of hinged French bread, with the reserved sliced banana, and top with the cream cheese stuffing. Slice the 4 portions of filled bread into 4 diagonal pieces, dip into the batter and panfry on all sides until golden brown. Pour the warm rum sauce on a plate. Place the golden pieces of toast on top and garnish with powered sugar., ingredients: [3 bananas, 4 cups dark brown sugar, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 pound butter, 3 ounces dark brown sugar, 12 tablespoon vanilla extract, 14 cup rum, 2 ounces heavy cream, Oil, 1 loaf French bread, cut in 4 pieces, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Surreys Cafe  Bananas Foster French Toast, picturelink: null}, 25515: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. and butter an 8inch square baking pan.nPit nectarines and slice thin. In a bowl stir together sugar and cornstarch and stir in nectarines, lemon juice, and ginger until combined well. Transfer nectarine mixture to pan.nMake topping:nInto a bowl sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Cut butter into bits and blend into flour mixture until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in milk until just combined and drop topping in small mounds over nectarines. In a small cup stir together sugar and cinnamon and sprinkle over dough.nBake cobbler in middle of oven 20 to 25 minutes, or until top is golden., ingredients: [2 large nectarines about 34 pound, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped crystallized ginger, For biscuit topping:, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 stick 14 cup cold unsalted butter, 5 tablespoons milk, 34 teaspoon sugar, 18 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Gingered Nectarine Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 25516: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.nTo make the crust, melt the butter in a small saucepan, over low heat. Stir in the honey. Add the graham cracker crumbs and mix well. Pat the crumbs evenly onto the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch pie plate. Bake the pie shell for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool. In a medium bowl, combine the condensed milk and cream cheese. Blend well with an electric mixer. Mash the avocados with the lime juice and add to the milk mixture. Add the vanilla and salt, and beat until smooth.nTurn into the cooled crust. Garnish with the coconut, cover, and chill for 2 to 6 hours before serving., ingredients: [12 cup coconut, toasted, for garnish, 34 stick 3 ounces butter, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 12 cups graham cracker crumbs, 1 can 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 8 ounces cream cheese, 2 ripe avocados, peeled and pit removed, 14 cup lime juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 18 teaspoon sea salt], title: Avocado Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 25517: {instructions: Bake biscuits according to package directions.nMeanwhile, cook sausage in large skillet over medium heat 56 minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring frequently. Stir in flour. Gradually add milk cook until mixture comes to a boil and thickens, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to mediumlow simmer 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nSplit biscuits in half. Place 2 halves on each of 8 plates top with about 13 cup gravy., ingredients: [can 16 ounces refrigerated jumbo buttermilk biscuits 8 biscuits, pkg. Jimmy Deanu00ae Original Hearty Pork Sausage Crumbles, 14 cup flour, 212 cups milk, Salt and ground black pepper to taste], title: Easy Sausage Gravy and Biscuits, picturelink: 8U9psDdRrgL0lS1piYtFy4s5qQg5ySO}, 25518: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the potatoes in the basket of a vegetable steamer. Steam until a sharp paring knife easily enters the flesh, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to a bowl. When cool enough to handle, peel the potatoes and cut into 13inchthick slices.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. When it is hot, add the potatoes. Cook, tossing occasionally, until the potatoes are golden brown. Transfer to an ovenproof dish and bake for 20 to 30 minutes. This last step renders the potatoes crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. A few minutes before the potatoes are ready, saute the bacon or pancetta over mediumhigh heat until golden. When the potatoes are ready, add the bacon, sprinkle with the chives and coarse salt transfer to a serving dish or onto individual plates., ingredients: [2 pounds allpurpose potatoes see Note, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 to 1 12 ounces slab bacon or pancetta, cut into small dice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives, Coarse salt], title: Sauteed Potatoes with Smoked Slab Bacon, picturelink: null}, 25519: {instructions: Boil noodles in water until tender. Drain and convert to large bowl. Add seasoning, soy, brown sugar, oil, oyster sauce and blend well. Spray large metal broiler pan with cooking spray and spread 14 of the noodles onto the pan evenly. Bake at 350 degrees, turning noodles every 10 minutes for 30 minutes total, or until dry. Repeat with remaining noodles, baking 14 of the batch at a time. Marinate meat separately. Then, set meat aside in separate marinades while preparing vegetables.nClean, wash, and julienne the vegetables. Set each vegetable aside in separate piles. Bring big pot of water to boil. Partially boil each vegetable group separately dipping them in the hot water for 1 minute or less. Do not parboil the mushrooms or green onions. Saute the mushrooms in butter until cooked. Once the vegetables are all parboiled or cooked, you can mix them together in a large bowl, along with the green onions.nAdd 1 tablespoon of oil to a hot stirfry pan. Remove garlic pieces and ginger from the meat marinade. Divide pork and ginger from meat marinade. Divide pork and chicken into 3 batches a piece. Stir fry each batch very quickly until cooked through and mix meats. Set aside.nAdd 1 tablespoon of oil to the hot pan. Stir fry 2 to 3 handfuls of mixed vegetable for half a minute. Stir in small portion of meat mixture. Add 2 tablespoons of oyster sauce while stir frying. Toss together and serve on a bed of noodles. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Be sure to keep the amount of vegetable you are stir frying in small batches until all has been cooked and blended together., ingredients: [2 to 2 12 pounds Wah King Noodle Company 4 Chinese Noodles, 1 cup soy sauce, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 5 tablespoons oil, 4 tablespoons oyster sauce, 4 chicken breasts slices into thin strips, 6 to 8 pork chops sliced into thin strips, 4 cups soy sauce, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 to 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 3 slices crushed ginger, 4 cloves crushed garlic, 2 to 3 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons sherry, 3 bundles green onions, 2 heads broccoli, 1 head cauliflower, 12 pounds tender green beans, 5 large carrots, 1 large jicama, 1 bunch celery, 1 pound fresh mushrooms, 1 pound Chinese snow peas, 2 cans sliced water chestnuts, 2 cans bamboo shoots], title: Moms Famous Chop Suey and Noodles, picturelink: null}, 25520: {instructions: Puree all of the ingredients in a food processor season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to a jar and pour 14inch of olive oil over the top to preserve refrigerate for 2 weeks or freeze for longer., ingredients: [3 cups 20 ounces pitted good quality green olives, 4 peeled cloves garlic, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil if the olives are packed in olive oil, then use the oil from the jar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Olivada, picturelink: null}, 25521: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a shallow 3quart casserole.nCut or tear bread into bitesize pieces. Lay bread pieces in a single layer on 1 or 2 baking sheets. Bake until slightly dry and crisp, about 15 to 20 minutes. Cool.nPeel, core, and coarsely chop the apple. Coarsely chop the onion, celery, and apricots. Chop the parsley.nMelt the 6 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the apple, onion, celery, apricots, cranberries, thyme, salt, and fennel seeds cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the broth and parsley and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat.nBeat the egg in a large bowl. Add the toasted bread and the onion and fruit mixture toss until evenly moistened. Loosely pack the dressing into the prepared pan. Bake, uncovered, until the top is crusty, about 40 minutes. Drizzle the pan drippings or melted butter over the top. Cook until the top is crisp and golden, about 20 minutes more., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 1 pound sliced country white sandwich bread, 1 large cooking apple, such as Gravenstein, or Golden Delicious, 1 medium onion, 2 ribs celery with leaves, 12 cup dried apricots, Handful fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 cup dried cranberries, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch fennel seeds, optional, 3 cups chicken broth about 1 12 small cans, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons turkey or chicken pan drippings or melted butter], title: AppleCranberry Dressing, picturelink: null}, 25522: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the cut potatoes into a large pot, cover them with cold water, and add a large pinch of salt. Bring to a boil and simmer until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 to 30 minutes. Drain well. Meanwhile, in a small pot heat the cream, butter, garlic, and thyme. While the potatoes are still warm, press them through a potato ricer or food mill into a bowl. Stir in the warm cream a bit at a time, straining out the solids, until the potatoes are fluffy. Season with salt and pepper and gently fold in the chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 to 6 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 4 cloves garlic, lightly crushed, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Chive and Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: FTWQxCuiCgPcnmYFzJrug1EW5Cpp9C}, 25523: {instructions: Special equipment: a deep fryernSeason the tofu cubes with the allpurpose seasoning.nAdd 2 cups oil to a deep fryer and heat to 350 degrees F. Fry the tofu until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes.nIn the meantime, on the stovetop, combine the curry powder, ginger, garlic, and 3 tablespoons oil in a pot and cook over low heat until all the ingredients combine together in a paste, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd the fried tofu to the sauteed curry paste. Add the potatoes, onion, scallions, chickpeas, allspice, thyme, and scotch bonnet if using. Stir to combine. Add 2 cups water and simmer until all the ingredients are blended and reduced to a hearty curry stew, about 30 minutes. Serve hot with accompaniments., ingredients: [8 ounces extrafirm tofu block, cut in 1inch cubes, 1 teaspoon allpurpose seasoning, 2 cups plus 3 tablespoons canola or olive oil, 2 tablespoons Jamaican curry powder, 1 tablespoon minced or grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 pound potatoes, peeled and cubed, 3 scallions, sliced, 1 cup canned chickpeas, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 1 small onion, diced, 12 Scotch bonnet chile pepper, chopped, optional, Accompaniments such as rice and fried ripe plantains], title: Tofu Chickpea Curry, picturelink: null}, 25524: {instructions: Blanch the pearl onions by placing them into a large pot of rapidly boiling water. Cook them for about 1 minute. Remove the onions from the water with a strainer, then plunge into an ice bath to stop the cooking process. Drain them, then remove the skins.nPut the onions in a 3quart saucepan and place over lowmedium heat. Add the cream, bay leaves, parsley, garlic and nutmeg. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and let simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until thickened. Then, remove the cover and add stock. Season again. Allow to cook down for 5 minutes to tighten up the cream sauce. Discard the garlic clove and bay leaves before serving., ingredients: [12 ounces pearl onions, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 garlic clove, smashed, 12 teaspoon fresh grated nutmeg, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 cup goose stock or chicken broth], title: Creamed Pearl Onions, picturelink: null}, 25525: {instructions: Place the ox cheeks in a large stainless steel container and cover with the stout, wine, rosemary, thyme, garlic, celery, bay leaves, carrots, leeks and onions. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator overnight.nPreheat the oven to 330 degrees F. Drain the meat in a colander, reserving the marinade and vegetables.nHeat some vegetable oil in a large heavybottomed saucepan and gently fry the the marinated vegetables for a few minutes. Add the tomato paste and stir over a low heat for 1 minute. Slowly add the marinade, stirring constantly to incorporate. Bring to a boil and simmer until the liquid reduces by half. Add the stock and the meat, sprinkle with salt and pepper and bring back to a boil. Cover with a lid and reduce the heat to a gentle simmer, then transfer to the oven and roast until the meat is tender, 2 hours 30 minutes to 3 hours.nOnce the meat is cooked the sauce should be sufficiently thick. If it is not, remove the meat and simmer the liquid on the stovetop until it thickens up in consistency, a few minutes. Place the meat back into the finished sauce to serve.nServe the braised ox cheeks with smoked cauliflower mash and crispy bone marrow, or with buttery mashed potatoes and green vegetables., ingredients: [6 ox cheeks, fat and gristle trimmed, 3 cups good stout, such as London Porter, 3 cups red wine, such as Cabernet Sauvignon or Malbec, 4 ounces fresh rosemary stalks, 4 ounces fresh thyme stalks, 8 cloves garlic, skin on and crushed, 4 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 2 bay leaves, 2 large carrots, roughly chopped, 2 large leeks, washed and roughly chopped, 2 large white onions, roughly chopped, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 ounces tomato paste, 6 cups dark meat stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestions: smoked cauliflower mash and crispy bone marrow or mashed potatoes and green vegetables], title: Braised Ox Cheeks, picturelink: TQD8T8eedLNDd2SfWBYOIgvgv.cwxa6}, 25526: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients and toss to mix well. Transfer to an oiled baking pan and bake, covered with foil, for 30 minutes. Uncover, stir, and bake for an additional 30 to 45 minutes, or until tender. Place under a preheated broiler about 3 inches from the heat until golden brown., ingredients: [4 large Idaho or russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 3 large carrots, peeled, halved lengthwise, and cut into 12inchthick slices, 1 large yellow onion, peeled and cut into 12inchthick slices, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Baked Potatoes with Carrots, Sweet Potatoes, and Onions, picturelink: null}, 25527: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCook the noodles al dente according to the directions on the package. Drain them well then lay out on waxed paper to prevent them from sticking to each other.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over a mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook until no longer pink, breaking it up into small pieces as it cooks, about 3 minutes. Transfer the meat to a plate, discarding any fat remaining in the pan.nAdd the oil to the same pan and heat over a mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally until all the liquid has evaporated and they begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Return the meat to the pan. Stir in 2 cups of the tomato sauce and simmer for 2 minutes.nIn a medium bowl combine the ricotta cheese, spinach, egg, the salt, the pepper and nutmeg.nSpread 1 cup of tomato sauce on the bottom of a 9 by 13 inch baking dish. Place a layer of lasagna noodles on top, touching but not overlapping. Spread half of the ricotta mixture on top of the noodles. Add another layer of noodles. Top with half the beefmushroom mixture. Repeat with another layer of noodles, then remaining cheese mixture, more noodles, then remaining beef mixture and finally 1 more layer of noodles. Top the final layer of noodles with the remaining sauce, then sprinkle with the grated cheeses. Cover loosely with foil and bake for 45 minutes. Uncover and bake for 15 minutes more.nExcellent source of: Protein, Fiber, Vitamin A, Thiamin, Riboflavin, Niacin, Vitamin B12, Vitamin C, Calcium, Iron, Phosphorus, Potassium, Selenium, ZincnGood source of: Folate, Copper, Magnesium, ingredients: [12 ounces wholewheat lasagna noodles 15 noodles, 8 ounces lean ground beef 90 percent lean or higher, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 8 ounces portobello mushrooms, diced about 3 large mushroom caps, 4 cups good quality storebought marinara sauce, 1 15 ounce container partskim ricotta cheese, 1 10 ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and well drained, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch ground nutmeg, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 3 ounces grated partskim mozzarella cheese about 23 cup], title: Better Beef Lasagna, picturelink: LhGBJ9Q5d2MsItGRy0b9mK5RoGIYW9m}, 25528: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nOver moderate heat, add oil to a deep pot and combine onion, peppers, and garlic. Saute for 3 to 5 minutes to soften vegetables. Deglaze pan with beer or broth, add tomatoes, black beans, red kidney beans, and stirring to combine.nSeason chili with cumin, chili powder, hot sauce, and salt. Thicken chili by stirring in refried beans. Simmer over low heat about 5 to 10 minutes longer, then serve up bowls of chili and top with shredded cheese, scallions, and tomatoes. Place bowls on charger plates piled with assorted tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan olive or vegetable oil, 1 medium yellow skinned onion, chopped, 1 large red pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 large green pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 large jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, crushed and chopped, 1 cup pale beer or vegetable stockbroth, 1 32 ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 14ounce can black beans, 1 14ounce can dark red kidney beans, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne hot pepper sauce, several drops, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 cup spicy vegetarian refried beans, 8 ounces 2 cups shredded spicy Monterey Jack or smoked cheddar, Chopped scallions, whites and greens, Diced fresh seeded plum tomato, Blue and red corn tortilla chips or black bean tortilla chips, for dipping], title: VegHead ThreeBean Chili, picturelink: HsjGfqzOu6zefbpyoeLCdM3bF48HEJG}, 25529: {instructions: In a large heavy pot heat the olive oil over moderate heat and cook the onion until golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Add the tomatoes, vinegar, corn syrup, cloves, allspice, mustard seeds, celery seeds, salt and pepper stirring to combine. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour. Pass the mixture through a food mill into a bowl and return to the pot. Bring the mixture back to a simmer and cook until very thick, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes. Allow the ketchup to cool. The ketchup can be sealed in sterilized jars and kept indefinitely., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups coarsely chopped onion, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 3 pounds ripe plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 13 cup distilled white vinegar, 12 cup dark corn syrup, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon ground celery seeds, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Homemade Tomato Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 25530: {instructions: Melt the butter over medium heat in a large heavy pot. Add the corn flour and onions and cook, stirring, until lightly browned and smelling of toasted nuts, about 4 minutes. Stir in the sugar, garlic powder, onion powder and black pepper. Immediately add the cream, corn and 4 quarts of water. Let simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until thickened and the corn is cooked and tender, about 40 minutes. Taking care, blend the bisque in batches until smooth. Add the salt and pepper to taste. To serve, divide the crabmeat among 6 bowls and top with the hot bisque which will lightly cook the crab. Garnish with the green onions., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups yellow corn flour, such as Maseca, 2 cups chopped yellow onion, 13 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 2 teaspoons black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 quart heavy cream, 2 pound fresh or frozen sweet corn kernels, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 pound crabmeat, such as backfin or lump, 14 cup chopped green onions], title: Corn and Crab Bisque, picturelink: null}, 25531: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of water to a simmer. Add the vinegar. Gently break the quail eggs, one by one, into the simmering water and poach for 1 minute. Remove the eggs from the water with a slotted spoon and place in a bowl of cold water to stop the cooking. Place one cooled, poached quail egg on each crouton. Top with a little hollandaise sauce and caviar.nBeat egg yolk. Place bowl over a pot of simmering water, making sure that the bottom of the bowl does not touch the water. Beat the egg until thickened, pale yellow and doubled in volume. Remove the bowl from the heat. While beating, slowly add the butter in a slow, but steady stream. When the butter is incorporated, add the lemon juice and Tabasco sauce. Mix well. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Keep warm., ingredients: [14 cup distilled white vinegar, 12 quail eggs, 12 2inch round croutons, Osetra Caviar, Hollandaise sauce recipe follows, 1 egg yolk, 4 ounces clarified butter, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, dash of Tabasco sauce, salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Quail Eggs Benedict and Caviar, picturelink: null}, 25532: {instructions: Place 1 jasmine flower into each glass. Divide the Champagne into the 4 glasses. Top with the passion fruit juice and a splash of orange liqueur. Add jasmine flower syrup, if desired., ingredients: [4 jasmine flowers, for garnish, 1 bottle Champagne or other sparkling white wine, chilled, 12 cup passion fruit juice, 14 cup orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau or Triple Sec, Splash of jasmine flower syrup, optional], title: Hibiscus and Passion Fruit Cocktails, picturelink: cARZPINb7OVjRZPO6UjxUKytTzf0m}, 25533: {instructions: SCALLOPS: Heat oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Toss scallops with sesame seeds, cumin seeds, salt and pepper. Sear in oil for 2 minutes per side. Be careful not to overcook scallops or they will be dry and stringy. Serve three per person over bulgur wheat salad and a squeeze of lemon. BULGUR WHEAT SALAD: Pour bulgur into a large mixing bowl and pour hot water over it. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside for 30 minutes to let bulgur rehydrate. Meanwhile, prepare vegetables and combine all remaining ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Uncover and drain bulgur in a fine colander or sieve, pressing gently to expel any excess water. Add to bowl of vegetables and toss until thoroughly combined. Taste and adjust for seasoning. Cover and refrigerate until use. The flavors will actually meld together more as it sits., ingredients: [12 large sea scallops 3 per person, 2 Tbs. sesame seeds, 2 tsp. cumin seeds, 2 Tbs. olive oil, salt and pepper, 1 cup bulgur wheat, 2 cups hot water, 1 can garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup small diced plum tomatoes, 1 cup small diced seedless cucumber, 12 cup finely sliced green onions, 1 cup chopped flat leaf parsley, 12 cup chopped fresh mint, 34 cup fresh squeezed lemon juice, 34 cup extra virgin olive oil, salt and pepper to taste, lemon wedges], title: Sesame Sea Scallops Over Bulgur Wheat Salad, picturelink: null}, 25534: {instructions: In a large skillet, cook the bacon over mediumhigh heat until crispy. Transfer the bacon to paper towels to drain the excess oil. In a small, dry pan over medium heat, toast the cumin and coriander until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Toss the spices in a food processor or blender with the garlic, mayo and mint leaves. Process the mixture until smooth. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste.nLightly toast the bread until just golden brown. Spread the flavored mayo on all of the bread slices. On half of the slices, place a few slices of cucumber, a small handful of lettuce and a few slices of cooked bacon over that. Top with other bread slices and enjoy, ingredients: [1 pound thicksliced bacon, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 112 cups prepared mayonnaise, 1 big handful fresh mint leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices country white bread, 1 English cucumber, sliced 14inch thick, 12 head iceberg lettuce, sliced thin], title: BLC Bacon, Lettuce and Cucumber with Spicy CuminMint Mayo, picturelink: IJj1TF9Gx16Nvo7vfSzVQnTcUal2Uye}, 25535: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the eggs to a large saucepan filled with cold water. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat and let sit in the water for 14 minutes.nPeel the eggs and slice lengthwise. Remove the yolks to a bowl. Add the mayonnaise, Dijon, lemon zest, chives, hot sauce and salt and pepper. Mash the yolks together with a wooden spoon. Taste and adjust seasonings, if needed. Fill the egg yolk mixture into the egg whites.nHeat oil in a deepfryer to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, add 1 cup of flour and season with salt and pepper. In another bowl, beat the eggs, in a third bowl, add 1 cup of panko.nDip the eggs into the flour, then the egg and finally into the panko. Gently put the eggs into the hot oil. Fry until golden brown. Remove to a paper towel lined sheet tray. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 dozen eggs, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon zest, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, Dash hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 cup panko crumbs, Parsley, for garnish, Peanut oil, for frying], title: Fried Deviled Eggs, picturelink: Bvk6WTGRd.fkcTzyKq3Q6q7ymg9OTK}, 25536: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange 8 4ounce ramekins inside a 9 by 13inch baking pan. Spray ramekins lightly with cooking spray.nIn a small saucepan, heat 13 cup sugar over medium heat, stirring constantly, until sugar melts and forms a mediumbrown caramel, about 7 minutes. Working quickly, transfer 2 teaspoons of the caramel to each of the ramekins, swirling as soon as you spoon in the caramel it will harden quickly. Set aside.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine milk and evaporated milk in a small saucepan over medium heat until warm. Reduce heat to a low simmer and keep milk warm. Meanwhile, bring about 4 cups water to a boil and keep hot. Whisk together eggs, egg yolks, remaining 13 cup of sugar, vanilla, nutmeg and cinnamon. Fold pumpkin into egg mixture. Then fold into evaporated milk. Divide filling among ramekins, then place baking sheet in oven. Pour hot water into baking pan until it reaches halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until flan is just set. Let cool. Place a dessert plate on top of each ramekin and invert flan should slide out, and syrup should flow onto sides of the dish., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 23 cup sugar, divided, 12 cup whole milk, 14 cup evaporated milk, 2 eggs, 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 cup solidpack pumpkin], title: Pumpkin Flan, picturelink: u3zanutrkQpwV9OHsZXOj05kk2u}, 25537: {instructions: Slice tuna very thin into pieces roughly 1 12 by 1 12 inches. Roll slices up and set aside. Cut the endive into fine julienne pieces. Warm a saute pan to a medium temperature and then add the butter. Add the endive to the pan, lightly season with salt, and stir. Allow the endive to caramelize. When the endive is golden in color, add the sugar and stir. Allow the sugar to caramelize. Add the lemon juice to deglaze the pan. Cut the additional raw endive leaves into a julienne and lightly dress with some of the Lemon Vinaigrette. Put a dollop of the caramelized endive in the middle of each plate. Place a small amount of the raw endive salad on top the cooked endive and then top with the tuna. Place additional raw endive salad on top of the tuna and drizzle some additional dressing around the plate. Garnish with a pinch of fleur de sel.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, lime zest, white pepper to taste, and salt. Whisk until the salt has fully dissolved. While still whisking, slowly pour the olive oil into the bowl. When all of the oil is incorporated, the dressing is finished.nSlice the scallops into very thin pieces, about 116 to 18inch thick. Gently clean all dirt off of the truffle. Cut the entire truffle into julienne pieces. Place 2 scallop slices in the middle of each plate so that the slices are next to each other. Place Crispy Shallot rings next to the scallops on 1 side only. Cover the tops of the scallops with the black truffle. Finish with a sprinkle of fleur de sel and a light drizzle of extravirgin olive oil.nPeel off the outside skin from the shallots. Cut the shallots into rings and then separate the layers of the shallots. Place the rings into a container and cover with the milk. Let marinate in the refrigerator for 2 to 4 hours. When ready to cook, heat the oil to 350 degrees F in a large, heavy Dutch oven. Take the shallots out of the milk and dredge them in the flour. Carefully add to oil and cook for 1 to 2 minutes or until golden and crispy.nBring a small pot of water to a boil. Add the spinach to the boiling water and cook for 30 seconds to 1 minute. Transfer spinach to a napkinlined tray to drain. Shuck all of the oysters, reserving them in the shell. Place 14 cup salt in the middle of each plate and position 2 oysters on each bed of salt. Place a small amount of creme fraiche on top of the oysters, then 1 or 2 pieces of wilted spinach on top of the creme fraiche. Then put a dollop of caviar about 12 ounce per plate on top of the spinach.nIn a large stockpot, bring the water and salt to a boil. Add the lobster to the boiling water and cook for 7 to 10 minutes. Take out of the boiling water and place into an ice water bath to chill. When the lobster has cooled, remove from the ice water. Remove the tail from the head by holding the head with 1 hand while your other hand gently twists off the tail. Remove the tail meat from the shell. Cut the tail meat into medallions about 14 to 12inch thick, yielding 8 medallions. Cut off the top and bottom of the oranges. Remove the skin from the orange so there is no pith left. Then cut out the segments of the orange, removing any seeds. Cut each segment into 3 to 4 pieces. Put a dollop of the Carrot Curry Puree in the middle of each plate. Place 1 lobster medallion on each side of the puree. Place 1 chervil leaf at each corner of the lobster. Scatter the diced blood oranges next to the chervil. Lightly drizzle the Blood Orange Juice around the plate.nPeel and roughly chop the carrots. Heat a saute pan over medium heat and then add the butter and shallots. Saute until the shallots are tender and translucent. Add curry powder and saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the carrots and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Add chicken stock and deglaze the pan bring to a simmer and continue to cook until the carrots are tender. Transfer mixture to a blender and season with salt, if needed. When blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth.nPlace the juice into a mixing bowl and then add the zest and oil. Gently stir until mixed., ingredients: [6 ounces sushigrade ahi tuna loin, 2 heads endive, plus additional leaves for plating, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt, 12 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Lemon Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Fleur de Sel, for garnish, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 lime, zested, White pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups olive oil, 4 size U15 fresh scallops, 2 ounces fresh black truffles, Crispy Shallots, recipe follows, Fleur de Sel, for garnish, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 4 shallots, 1 cup milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 quart vegetable oil, 8 to 10 pieces fresh spinach, 8 Kumamoto oysters, 1 cup kosher salt, 1 ounce creme fraiche, 2 ounces Iranian Osetra caviar, 2 gallons water, 14 cup kosher salt, 1 1 12pound Maine lobster, 2 blood oranges, Carrot Curry Puree, recipe follows, 16 leaves fresh chervil, Blood Orange Juice, recipe follows, 2 large carrots, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, minced, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 1 cup chicken stock, Salt, 14 cup freshly squeezed blood orange juice, 1 tablespoon blood orange zest, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Quartet of the Sea, picturelink: null}, 25538: {instructions: Special equipment: food millnPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nPat the chicken breasts dry with a paper towel. Coat a medium saute pan with olive oil, and place over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, sprinkle the skin of the chicken generously with salt, and then place skinside down into the pan. Cook until the skin is golden and crispy, 4 to 6 minutes. Sprinkle the opposite side of the breast with salt, and then flip the chicken and continue cooking until cooked through, another 5 to 6 minutes. If the pan starts to smoke, lower the heat. Transfer the breast to a sheet pan, tent loosely with foil and place in the oven until the sauce is finished and you are ready to plate.nRemove the excess oil from the pan before returning over mediumhigh heat. Add the clementine juice, clementine supremes and vinegar, scraping up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan. Stir in the thyme and chiles and let the liquid reduce by half before pouring in the chicken stock and a pinch salt. Continue cooking until the stock has reduced. Taste the sauce, making sure its delicious, and then remove the thyme stalk and season with more salt, if needed. The sauce should be thickened and a little chunky.nLay the Yukon Gold and Cauliflower puree on the bottom of the plate, and then slice the chicken breast and fan the slices on top. Spoon some of the sauce on and around the chicken, and garnish with the supreme clementines.nHalve the potatoes, and then cut each half into 6 to 8 pieces. Place the potatoes in a pot large enough to hold the cauliflower as well, and then cover the potatoes by 2 inches of water. Sprinkle generously with salt it should taste like the ocean and bring to a boil. After the water has been boiling about 10 minutes, add the cauliflower and cook until the vegetables are forktender.nBring the cream to a scald in a small saucepan. Meanwhile, pass the potatoes and cauliflower through a food mill into a large bowl. Add about half of the hot cream and 12 of the butter, and stir with purpose until thoroughly combined. Repeat this process with the remaining cream and butter until incorporated. Taste for seasoning you will probably have to add salt, and serve warm. Yield: 2 servings., ingredients: [1 skinon chicken breast, wing bone attached, wing tip and tenderloin removed, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 3 large clementines, supremed and squeezed, juice reserved, A few drops red wine vinegar, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 12 Thai bird chile, halved lengthwise, 12 cup rich hopefully homemade chicken stock, Yukon Gold and Cauliflower Puree, for serving, recipe follows, 2 large Yukon gold potatoes, 12 head cauliflower, cut into florets, Kosher salt, 12 to 34 cup cream, 4 tablespoons cold butter 12 stick, cubed], title: Chicken Breast with Clementines, Thai Bird Chile and Yukon Gold and Cauliflower Puree, picturelink: 5R9V3Nn1o1xSUo9GojNZDMqAJdxo6a}, 25539: {instructions: Cut the spare ribs into 2 equal pieces. Remove any visible fat pockets. Lightly score the spareribs in the meat side and place them in a large, shallow bowl. Sprinkle sugar on both sides of ribs, using more on the meaty side. Set aside to marinate for 15 minutes. Pour off any excess liquid. In a small bowl combine the thin and black soy sauces, hoisin sauce, bean sauce, rice wine, oyster sauce, sesame oil and pepper and stir to combine. Pour over the spareribs, making sure that the spareribs are wellcoated. Loosely cover the ribs with plastic wrap and marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Just before roasting, use your hands to spread honey on the spareribs, especially on the meaty side. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees. Place a rack in a roasting pan and add enough water so that the water reaches a depth of 12 inch in the pan. Place the marinated spareribs meatside up on the rack, leaving about 1inch of space between the 2 pieces. Carefully place the pan in the oven and roast 30 minutes. Monitor the water level in the broiler pan to make sure it never falls below 14inch. Carefully remove the roasting pan of ribs from the oven. Preheat the broiler. Place the roasting pan of ribs 4 inches from the heat and broil 5 to 10 minutes or until the spareribs have a sugar crust similar to the crust on a baked ham. Carefully remove the spareribs from the oven and set on a platter to cool 15 minutes. Cut the spareribs into individual ribs and serve immediately or at room temperature. Garnish with cilantro if desired., ingredients: [2 pounds lean pork spareribs, well trimmed, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon thin soy sauce, 1 tablespoon black soy sauce, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon ground bean sauce, 1 tablespoon Shao Hsing rice cooking wine, 1 tablespoon oyster flavored sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, 3 tablespoons honey, Cilantro sprigs, optional], title: Barbecued Spareribs, picturelink: null}, 25540: {instructions: To make the Brussels sprouts: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place the Brussels sprouts in a single layer in a baking dish, and drizzle them with extravirgin olive oil and kosher salt. Mix together to coat evenly. Bake for 25 minutes. Add the crushed garlic bits to the sprouts and mix together. Cook for another 10 minutes.nTo make the Hungarian smoked sausages: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a pan over medium heat. Stab some holes in the sausages with a fork. Turn the heat down to mediumlow and add the sausages to the pan. Cook them for 20 minutes, turning them every 4 minutes.nTo make the parsnip chips: In a heavybottomed pan, heat enough peanut oil to come halfway up the side of the pan, to 375 degrees F. Deep fry the parsnip rounds for a few minutes, until golden. Drain on a paper towellined baking sheet and sprinkle generously with sea salt., ingredients: [1 pound Brussels sprouts, stems and outer leaves removed, halved, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Big pinch kosher salt, Garlic, crushed with garlic press, 1 to 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 spicy Hungarian sausages, 5 parsnips, sliced into 14inch thick rounds, Peanut oil or canola oil, for deep frying], title: GarlicRoasted Brussels Sprouts with Low n Slow Spicy Portuguese Sausage and Crispy Parsnip Chips, picturelink: null}, 25541: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over medium low heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring frequently, until golden. Do not allow it to burn. Add the chicken stock, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper. Increase the heat to medium high and bring the mixture to a simmer. Add the mint leaves and remove the pan from the heat. Cover the pan and let the mixture steep for 30 minutes, stirring 2 or 3 times.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Place the bread cubes in a bowl and pour the remaining 3 tablespoons of oil over them. Add a pinch each of salt and pepper and toss well. Spread the bread out on a baking sheet and bake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until golden and crisp. Strain the mintinfused mixture into a clean saucepan and bring the mixture to a boil over medium high heat. Drizzle the eggs over the boiling liquid and stir gently for 1 minute to cook them. Place some of the toasted croutons in the bottom of each of 6 soup bowls, preferably earthenware, and ladle the hot soup over the top. Garnish each bowl with a sprig of mint and a wedge of lime and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, put through a garlic press, 8 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, or bestquality lowsodium canned broth, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch fresh mint, leaves only, coarsely chopped, 6 thick slices French bread, crust removed and cut into 34inch cubes, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 6 sprigs fresh mint, for garnish, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Sopa de Hortela Mint Soup, picturelink: null}, 25542: {instructions: In a large pot, heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil and brown the meat, about 3 minutes on each side. Remove the meat. Add the garlic, onion, and chiles and cook until soft. Return the meat to the pot. Add chili powder, cumin, oregano, salt, cayenne, beer, and coffee. Simmer meat, uncovered, at a low temperature for 2 12 to 3 hours, until the meat can be shredded with a fork. Do not let meat dry out add beer as necessary. When ready, remove meat to a cutting board and shred, returning the shredded meat to the pot. Add tomatoes and kidney beans. Continue to simmer, uncovered, for 1 hour. Serve garnished either with a dollop of sour cream and chopped green onions or grated cheddar cheese and chopped red onions., ingredients: [2 pounds beef chuck, trimmed, 2 pounds pork shoulder, boned, 6 to 8 garlic cloves, minced, 1 large white onion, chopped, 2 jalapeno chiles, seeded and chopped, 4 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 to 4 dashes cayenne pepper, 1 12 to 2 12 ounce cans beer, 1 cup strong black coffee, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes with puree, 3 15ounce cans kidney beans, rinsed and drained, Sour cream, for garnish, Green onions, chopped, for garnish, Red onions, chopped, for garnish], title: Up North Chili, picturelink: null}, 25543: {instructions: Special equipment: a medium pastry bag with a large 840 pastry tip or a resealable plastic bagnLine a plate with paper towels and set aside. Cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until brown and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Remove to the prepared plate. Discard the drippings and wipe the pan clean with a paper towel.nCombine the heavy cream, 1 tablespoon of the confectioners sugar and 14 teaspoon vanilla extract in a medium bowl. Using a whisk or a handheld mixer, beat the cream until it holds medium peaks, about 2 minutes. Set the bacon and whipped cream aside while you make pancakes.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt and nutmeg. In another bowl, beat the eggs, then whisk in the milk and the remaining 12 teaspoon vanilla. Melt 3 tablespoons of the butter in the skillet over medium heat. Whisk the butter into the milk mixture. Add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture, and whisk until a thick batter is just formed a few lumps are okay.nKeeping the skillet at medium heat, ladle two 14cup circles of the batter onto the skillet to make 2 pancakes. Above each, ladle two 2tablespoon circles of batter to form the snowmens heads, close enough for the pancakes to run together. Cook, until bubbles break the surface of the pancakes and the undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip with a spatula and cook about 1 minute more on the second side. Transfer the pancake snowmen to a serving plate. Repeat with the remaining batter and ingredients, adding more butter to the skillet between each addition.nSift the remaining confectioners sugar over the snowmen to create a snowy effect. Place a strawberry half over each snowmans head to form a cap, and a bacon strip across each neck to form a scarf. Place 2 chocolate chips on each head to make eyes, and a row of 5 chips under the eyes to form a smile. Add a row of 3 or more chips to each body to create buttons. Fit a medium pastry bag with a large 840 pastry tip or snip the edge of a resealable plastic bag to make a 14inch hole, and fill with the whipped cream. Pipe a row of rosettes on the bottom of the strawberry hat to form a decorative brim.nServe immediately with warm maple syrup on the side., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 34 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 14 cups whole milk, at room temperature, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large strawberries, cut in half lengthwise, 80 semisweet chocolate chips about 14 cup, Warm maple syrup, for serving], title: Snowman Pancakes with Bacon Scarves, picturelink: null}, 25544: {instructions: Place a 7 12cup capacity mold and 1 medium mixing bowl into freezer. Transfer all sorbets and ice cream from freezer to refrigerator until slightly soft, about 1 hour.nPlace black currant sorbet into chilled mixing bowl. Stir to a spreadable consistency. Remove mold from freezer. Using a rubber spatula coat the sides of mold with sorbet, making about a 1inchthick layer. Return mold and clean mixing bowl to freezer for 30 minutes.nPlace raspberry sorbet in chilled mixing bowl. Stir to a spreadable consistency. Remove mold from freezer. Pack raspberry sorbet over black currant, about 34inch thick. Return mold and clean mixing bowl to freezer for 30 minutes.nPlace vanilla ice cream in chilled mixing bowl. Stir until spreadable. Remove mold from freezer. Fill remaining space with vanilla ice cream. With a rubber spatula, smooth ice cream.nTo serve, place a serving plate upside down on top of the mold. Holding plate against mold, invert both. Place a hot wet kitchen towel over the mold. Remove the mold and serve immediately garnished with fresh berries., ingredients: [2 pints best quality black currant sorbet, 1 pint best quality vanilla ice cream, 1 pint best quality raspberry sorbet, Fresh berries, for garnish], title: Ice Cream Bombe, picturelink: null}, 25545: {instructions: Make the slaw: Trim and peel the daikon, then shred on the large holes of a box grater. Transfer to a colander and squeeze dry. Whisk the lime juice and honey in a medium bowl. Add the cilantro and daikon season with salt and pepper and toss to combine. Refrigerate the slaw until ready to serve.nMake the aioli: Combine the mayonnaise, sambal oelek and tomato paste in a small bowl. Grate in the garlic, season with salt and pepper and stir to combine.nClean the crabs if live: Cut off the front of each crab just behind the eyes and mouth using kitchen shears remove any yellow matter from the inside with your fingers, if desired.nGrab one of the pointy ends of the top shell and peel it back to reveal the gills cut out the gills and discard. Repeat on the other side.nFlip the crab over and pull back the small flap known as the apron. Use your fingers to pull it off.nCook the crabs: Put the flour in a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper. Dredge the crabs in the seasoned flour, turning to coat both sides shake off the excess flour and set aside. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat and swirl the pan until the foaming stops. Add the crabs to the pan and cook until they start to turn an orangered color, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to a paper towellined plate to drain and season immediately with salt.nBuild your sandwich: Set your rolls cutside down in the same pan and cook until golden. Slather the roll tops with some of the chile aioli. Sandwich a hot crab and a scoop of slaw on each roll.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [For the slaw:, 12 large daikon, Juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, For the aioli:, 12 cup mayonnaise preferably Japanese Kewpie mayonnaise, 14 cup sambal oelek Asian chile sauce, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 1 clove garlic, For the softshell crab, 4 live softshell crabs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 Hawaiian sweet rolls, split open], title: SoftShell Crab Sandwiches With Singapore Slaw, picturelink: F7N645DFMqTcHVVNBxwiGqlHv8AcsG}, 25546: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 9inch pie plate with cooking spray.nCombine the sugar, buttermilk, biscuit mix, melted butter, vanilla, and eggs in a blender and process until smooth. Pour into prepared pie plate and bake until browned and still a little jiggly the pie will set as it cools, 30 to 40 minutes.nLet cool for 10 minutes before slicing into wedges. If desired, sift confectioners sugar or cocoa or a combo over the wedges before serving., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 13 cups sugar, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup biscuit mix recommended: Bisquick, 13 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, Confectioners sugar andor unsweetened cocoa powder, optional], title: Anitas Impossible Buttermilk Pie, picturelink: p5DObDuDLuZ7t4eqVhglhcKpubJpP2i}, 25547: {instructions: Dip the rim of a tall glass into the egg whites, and then the sugar. Put the rum, Triple Sec, and juices into a cocktail shaker. Shake to mix. Fill the glass with the ice and pour the cocktail over it. Decorate with cherries, pineapple, andor orange slices, and drink with a straw., ingredients: [1 egg white, lightly beaten See Disclaimer, Sugar, 12 cup white rum, 14 cup Triple Sec, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, Crushed ice, Cocktail cherries, Pineapple cubes, Orange slices], title: Mai Tai, picturelink: null}, 25548: {instructions: Put the arugula greens into a large serving bowl and set aside.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the butter. Add garlic and shallots and cook until fragrant, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and saute until nicely caramelized, about 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt, pepper, and stir in the sherry vinegar. Remove from heat and stir in the mascarpone until the mixture becomes creamy. Add the parsley and set aside to cool to room temperaturenPour the mushroom mixture over the arugula greens and serve., ingredients: [1 bag baby arugula greens, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 5 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 cup quartered cremini mushrooms, 1 cup sliced oyster mushrooms, 1 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves], title: Warm Wild Mushroom Salad, picturelink: null}, 25549: {instructions: To make the sandwich: Prepare grill.nLightly brush cut sides of bread with oil and grill, cut sides down, about 2 minutes, or until golden. Spread cut sides of bread with 2 tablespoons pesto and layer peppers, eggplants, and mozzarella between them. Grill sandwich, covered, just until cheese is melted. Alternatively, vegetables and assembled sandwich may be broiled. Sprinkle each sandwich with basil and cut in 12.nFor the pesto:n1 cup packed fresh basil leavesn3 tablespoons pine nuts or chopped walnuts, toasted lightly and cooledn1 large garlic clove, choppedn3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesann13 cup olive oilnTo make the pesto: In a blender or small food processor blend together all ingredients with salt and pepper, to taste, until smooth. Pesto keeps, covered and chilled, up to 1 week.nYield: about 23 cup, ingredients: [14 roasted red bell pepper, from deli, 14 roasted yellow bell pepper, from deli, 14inch thick slices roasted eggplant, from deli, Olive oil, for brushing bread, 1 4 to 5 inchlong piece Italian bread, halved horizontally with serrated knife, 2 tablespoons pesto, recipe follows, 14 cup diced mozzarella cheese, 2 teaspoons finely shredded fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Grilled OpenFaced Vegetable, Pesto, and Mozzarella Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 25550: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Line baking sheet with aluminum foil.nOn the baking sheet, place the asparagus and kalamata olives. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with lemon pepper. Toss to coat. Roast for 10 to 12 minutes or until asparagus is crisptender., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, trimmed, 13 cup kalamata olives, pitted, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon pepper], title: Roasted Asparagus with Olives, picturelink: null}, 25551: {instructions: In a large nonstick pan over mediumlow heat, saute the bacon and chorizo until the fat is rendered, about 10 minutes. Add the onions and saute until soft, about1 minute. Bring the heat up to medium and add the lobster meat. Cook until the lobster is cooked all the way through , an additional 3 to 5 minutes. Add the cheese, salsa and cilantro. Toss to form a gooey mess. Season with the salt and pepper. Serve inside tortillas and garnish with anything your heart desires., ingredients: [4 ounces bacon, small dice, 3 ounces chorizo, small dice, 2 tablespoons smalldiced white onion, 1 pound lobster tail meat, chopped, 2 tablespoons shredded Cheddar, 2 tablespoons salsa choose your favorite, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, Corn tortillas, for serving, warmed], title: Lobster, Bacon and Chorizo Taco, picturelink: null}, 25552: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nArrange the puff pastry dough on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes.nRemove the pastry from the oven and spread it with pesto. Next cover the pastry with overlapping slices of tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover the tomatoes with the grated Parmesan and return it to the oven. Bake until the cheese has melted, about 5 to 10 minutes. Remove the tart from the oven and cut it into 6 equal pieces. Arrange the tarts on serving plates and drizzle with balsamic reduction.nTo make Balsamic Reduction: Combine the balsamic vinegar and sugar in a small sauce pot and bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook until the liquid is reduced by half and has a syrupy consistency, about 30 to 45 minutes. Remove from heat and allow reduction to cool before using.nYield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [1 sheet premade puff pastry dough, 1 tablespoon pesto, 2 tomatoes, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grated Parmesan, Balsamic Reduction, recipe follows, Balsamic Reduction, 4 cups balsamic vinegar, 1 cup granulated sugar], title: Tomato and Parmesan Tart, picturelink: null}, 25553: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 16inch Dutch ovennPrepare the Sourdough Starter the night before. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSprinkle yeast in the starter and stir. Add sugar and stir. Add salt and stir. Add baking powder and baking soda and stir. Add oil and then gradually add flour, stirring well after each addition. Place dough on a floured board and sprinkle more flour on top of dough. Flatten dough by hand to about 12inch thickness and then cut with a biscuit cutter. Spray a 16inch Dutch oven with nonstick cooking spray and then add a little oil to the bottom of the Dutch oven. Place biscuits in Dutch oven, being careful not to overcrowd them. Top with melted butter and set aside to let rise until wrinkles are gone, about 1 hour. Bake, with coals on the lid, for 25 or 30 minutes or until golden brown.nDissolve yeast in warm water and whisk to combine. Add sugar and whisk until sugar dissolves. Add sifted flour, 2 cups at a time, whisking after each addition to combine. Peel, wash, and cut the raw potato into quarters add potato to the flour mixture. Place starter in a large, deep bowl, cover it with a towel, and let rest in a warm place overnight. The starter should be made ahead of time, even 3 to 4 days ahead., ingredients: [4 cups Sourdough Starter, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 3 heaping teaspoons baking powder, 12 heaping teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup vegetable oil, 6 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup melted butter 12 stick, 2 14ounce packages active dry yeast, 8 cups warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 23 cup sugar, 8 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, 1 raw potato], title: Sourdough Biscuits, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 25554: {instructions: Whisk the sugar and 2 teaspoons salt with the vinegar in a large bowl until dissolved. Add the celery seeds, mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon pepper, the bell peppers, celery, scallions and cabbage, and toss to combine. Refrigerate at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to develop.nAdd the mustard and mayonnaise to the slaw and toss to coat. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons celery seeds, 1 12 teaspoons mustard seeds, Freshly ground pepper, 6 bell peppers red, orange and yellow, cut into thin strips, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 4 scallions, chopped, 12 head green cabbage, thinly sliced and roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons wholegrain dijon mustard, 12 cup mayonnaise], title: Bell Pepper Slaw, picturelink: b9tLxn8nRnDxazSPQs6PQqKivPrqy.}, 25555: {instructions: Core the tomatoes and halve them crosswise, then squeeze the juices and seeds into a large bowl. Whisk in 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Add the arugula but dont toss set aside. Dice the tomatoes and toss in a separate bowl with the olives and rosemary.nPreheat a grill to medium high. Brush the onion rounds with olive oil and season with salt. Grill until soft, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and separate the rings. Reduce the grill heat to medium.nBrush both sides of the pitas with olive oil and grill until marked, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Top with some of the tomatoolive mixture, ricotta, mozzarella and onion. Cover and grill until the cheese melts, 2 to 3 minutes.nToss the arugula with the dressing and pile on top of the pitas. Season with salt and the red pepper flakes and drizzle with olive oil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 medium tomatoes, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing and drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups baby arugula, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, roughly chopped, 1 large red onion, cut into 1inchthick rounds, 4 6to8inch pocketless pitas, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 14 pound partskim mozzarella cheese, diced, Pinch of red pepper flakes], title: Pita Pizzas, picturelink: dvGTo250LMCXDnlimm3AUth4I1pNql.}, 25556: {instructions: For the French toast: Put the babka slices on a rack set over a baking sheet and let dry for a few hours.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F put a baking sheet with a rack inside the oven.nWhisk the eggs, egg yolks, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and salt in a large bowl until smooth. Whisk in the halfandhalf. Transfer the custard to a baking dish. Place a few slices of the babka in the custard and let sit, turning once, until completely soaked through, 5 minutes.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the butter and 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat until the butter foams. In batches so you dont crowd the pan, cook the bread until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer the cooked French toast to the baking sheet to keep warm.nFor the caramelized bananas: Melt the butter in a medium nonstick pan over medium heat. Add the sugar and cook until it just turns light golden brown, about 3 minutes. Place the sliced bananas in an even layer in the pan and cook until the bottoms become caramelized, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook another minute. Add the maple syrup and cook until just heated through, about 2 minutes.nServe the French toast topped with caramelized banana and dusted with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 loaf dayold chocolatehazelnut babka, such as Breads Bakery, sliced 1inch thick, 5 large eggs plus 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch fine sea salt, 2 12 cups half and half, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons canola oil, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 2 ripe not overly bananas, cut into 12inch slices, 12 cup maple syrup], title: ChocolateHazelnut Babka French Toast with Caramelized Bananas, picturelink: nIwogV5etiQ1pH5x7nlo.c3.mXmzXK}, 25557: {instructions: For the shrimp: In a large bowl, combine the shrimp with the soy sauce, GingerGarlic Paste, sambal and cornstarch. Mix well to coat the shrimp. Cover and refrigerate for 15 minutes.nFor the egg crepes: In a bowl, whisk together the eggs, soy sauce and 14 teaspoon water. Set a medium nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat and coat it lightly with peanut oil. Pour in half the egg mixture and swirl the pan so the egg coats the bottom. Cook over low heat until firm, then carefully turn with a spatula and finish cooking on the other side, about 45 seconds per side. Transfer the egg crepe to a plate to cool. Repeat with remaining egg mixture. When the crepes are cool enough to handle, stack, roll and slice them into thin julienne strips. Set aside until ready to use.nFor the fried rice: Set a large wok or large nonstick skillet over high heat and swirl in 1 tablespoon of the peanut oil. Add the marinated shrimp and stir fry until slightly pink, about 2 minutes. Transfer the shrimp to a plate and set aside. Reduce the heat to medium and add the remaining 2 tablespoons peanut oil. Add the onions, celery and GingerGarlic Paste and stir fry until softened and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the sesame oil and the rice and stir fry until hot and a little crispy, about 2 minutes, breaking up the rice with a wooden spoon as you go. Fold in the peas, edamame, pineapple and bean sprouts and continue to stir fry until the vegetables heated through, about 2 minutes more. Stir in the soy sauce and sambal. Fold in the cooked shrimp and the sliced egg crepe. Transfer to a serving platter and garnish with chopped scallions.nPulse the garlic and ginger in a food processor. With the processor running, stream in the canola oil and process to a paste. Youll need 3 tablespoons of the paste for the above recipe. Refrigerate remaining paste for up to a week., ingredients: [1 pound medium 2125 count shrimp, shells and tails removed, deveined, halved lengthwise, then crosswise, 2 tablespoons GingerGarlic Paste, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons sambal oelek Asian chilegarlic sauce, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, Peanut oil, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 12 medium yellow onion, diced, 14 cup finely diced celery, 1 tablespoon GingerGarlic Paste, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 4 cups cold cooked white rice, 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 12 cup frozen shelled edamame, thawed, 1 cup diced fresh pineapple, 1 cup bean sprouts, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sambal oelek, 3 scallions, chopped, 12 cup garlic cloves, peeled, 12 cup fresh ginger, broken into broken pieces, 2 tablespoons canola oil], title: Spicy Shrimp and Pineapple Fried Rice, picturelink: KoGCrY1BPmSIPFqFAKhiXmRIeQfQIvG}, 25558: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Mist a baking sheet with the cooking spray.nPeel the potatoes and then grate on the large holes of a box grater. Transfer to a finemesh sieve and squeeze out as much liquid as possible into a bowl. Let the liquid settle for about 10 minutes, and then pour off the watery liquid, reserving the potato starch.nBeat the egg white in a large bowl until it holds a soft peak. Gently fold in the potatoes, scallions, reserved potato starch, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.nDrop the mixture by tablespoons on the prepared baking sheet, spacing the latkes about 2 inches apart. Gently spread and flatten into 2 12inch rounds. Roast until the bottoms are browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Flip and roast until the potatoes are cooked through and the bottoms are spotted brown, 4 to 6 minutes.nServe with the applesauce and sour cream., ingredients: [Olive oil cooking spray, for spraying baking sheet, 1 pound russet potatoes, 1 large egg white, 14 cup finely chopped scallions about 2 scallions, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup nosugaradded applesauce, 14 cup reducedfat sour cream], title: OvenFried Latkes, picturelink: p9yj4MvkE7lCTeRKBBcYn2D9I.QmPgu}, 25559: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, combine the olive oil, red onion and garlic and cook 2 minutes do not brown. Add the cabbage, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon pepper and the vinegar and mix thoroughly cook 3 to 5 minutes, until the cabbage is tender. Transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature, then refrigerate 30 minutes.nIn a large salad bowl, toss the lettuce with the blue cheese dressing. Drain the cabbage and lightly mix with the iceberg and dressing. Add more pepper to taste. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons minced garlic about 6 cloves, 12 small head red cabbage, trimmed and cut into 18inch shreds, Fine sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 2 heads iceberg lettuce, trimmed and cut into 1inch squares, 1 cup thick, chunky blue cheese salad dressing such as Maries], title: Long Beach Coleslaw, picturelink: b7NtpyanVXCzFrAGH.4H993xUCIOi}, 25560: {instructions: Lapsang chili oil glaze: Make a strong infusion of tea and then reduce to 1 cup. Add all the ingredients at the end of reduction to melt honey and infuse flavor. Set aside.nChili oil: Heat oil in a small pan to 325 degrees F. Add the garlic and fry for 3 to 5 minutes or light golden brown. Remove from heat and add the sesame oil, soy sauce, and sambal. Add the Lapsang reduction. Let cool to allow flavors to combine.nMarinate salmon fillets in the Lapsangchili mixture for 1 hour. Preheat a grill. Remove from the marinade and grill over medium flame for about 8 minutes each side, or until cooked to desired doneness.nTaro Wasabe mashed purple potatoes: Peel the taro and cut into medium cubes. Put into cold water, bring to a boil and cook until taro is fork tender. Chop potatoes into medium cubes, place in pot with cold water, bring to a boil and cook until fork tender. Due to different cooking times, cook potatoes and taro separately. When they are done, drain and combine with other ingredients and mash. Add cream slowly as not to make too creamy.nSesame Green Beans: Toast sesame seeds in clean, dry skillet for 30 to 45 seconds on medium heat, move rapidly to avoid burning. Set aside. Pick and clean the beans. Heat sesame oil in pan, then fry the beans until semi cooked, about 45 to 60 seconds. Toss in pan to coat with oil. Sprinkle with toasted seeds., ingredients: [1 quart Lapsang Souchong, strong brew, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 sprig thyme, Salt and pepper, 1 cup olive oil, good quality, 12 cup chopped fresh garlic, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, Japanese, good quality, 14 cup samba chili sauce with garlic, 4 6 to 8ounce salmon fillets, 12 pound taro root, firm and free of blemishes, 2 pounds purple potatoes, 2 tablespoons wasabe paste, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh garlic, 14 pound salted butter, 3 ounces heavy whipping cream, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted, 1 pound fresh green beans, 2 tablespoons sesame oil], title: Lapsang Souchong Garlic Chili Oil Glazed Salmon, picturelink: null}, 25561: {instructions: Cut the celery in large dice, including the leaves, and puree in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Add the horseradish, shallot, Worcestershire sauce, celery salt, kosher salt, Tabasco and lime juice and process until smooth. Pour the mixture into a large pitcher, add the tomato juice, and stir.nPour into tall glasses and serve each with the top half of a celery stalk., ingredients: [3 stalks celery from the heart, including leaves, plus extra for serving, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon chopped shallot, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 dashes hot sauce, or to taste recommended: Tabasco, 2 limes, juiced, 1 48ounce bottle tomato juice recommended: Sacramanto], title: Virgin Marys, picturelink: 9fbRJ7p5boLkgsh7o2DfdisnwrKeJOS}, 25562: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the sour cream, the milk and the hot sauce. Add the onion rings and set aside while you season the flour. In a large baking dish or pie plate, combine the celery salt, onion powder, garlic powder, mustard powder, paprika, chili powder, white pepper, salt and the flour.nHeat about 3 inches of oil to 350 degrees F in a large Dutch oven.nRemove the onion rings from the liquid mixture and dredge in the flour mixture. Repeat the process to double coat the rings. Place the onion rings into the oil in batches and fry until golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Drain the onion rings on a paper towel lined plate and season with salt while still hot, then transfer to a serving platter. Serve with the Crab Burger and Celery Root Remoulade., ingredients: [1 12 cups sour cream, 1 12 cups milk, 2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce recommended: Crystal, 2 large red onions, sliced into rings, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon white pepper, Salt, 2 cups selfrising flour, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Rajun Cajun Onion Rings, picturelink: sWHdno4VT93OP3XOfPjdwKgowBDgfm}, 25563: {instructions: Special equipment: a piping bag fitted with tipnFor the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F line a cupcake pan with 12 paper liners.nMash the bananas in a bowl with a fork until a few small lumps are left. Fold in 1 teaspoon of the baking soda. Measure out 12 cup of this mixture and set aside.nSift the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt and remaining 14 teaspoon baking soda into a large bowl and mix well. In a smaller bowl, whisk together the soy milk, vegetable oil, vanilla and mashed bananas. Gently fold the wet ingredients into the dry dont overmix or youll get tough cupcakes small lumps are fine. Fold in the dark chocolate.nDivide the batter among the cupcake liners and bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool completely before frosting.nFor the frosting: Using an electric mixer with a whisk attachment, mix together the vegan butter and shortening until well combined, about 3 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, add the peanut butter and mix for another minute. With the mixer on low, slowly add the confectioners sugar. Add the soy milk and vanilla and mix on medium for 2 minutes. If the peanut butter flavor is too subtle, add 2 more tablespoons to the frosting and rewhip you want to try to avoid a heavy, dense or gritty frosting, so adding a little at a time and then whipping it into the frosting will avoid thatnFor the ganache: Using a double boiler or in the microwave, heat up the soy milk until it reaches a boil. Pour over the dark chocolate and wait a minute before stirring.nTo assemble: Put the frosting in a piping bag and apply to the top of each cupcake. Drizzle with the ganache. Dip the banana chips in the ganache, and then dip into the popping sugar. Top each cupcake with some of the banana chips., ingredients: [About 2 medium bananas, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 23 cup soymilk, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 13 cup finely chopped vegan dark chocolate most dark chocolate IS vegan, but always double check, 1 cup vegan butter substitute, 12 cup vegan shortening, 12 cup peanut butter, plus more as needed to keep this vegan, avoid ones that have honey in them, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon soy milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 13 cup soy milk, 23 cup chopped vegan dark chocolate, Banana chips, for topping, Popping sugar, for topping], title: Fun House in Your Mouth Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 25564: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high on one side and lightly oil the grate. Season a 2inchthick porterhouse steak 3 pounds with coarse sea salt and pepper. Grill over direct heat for 4 minutes, then rotate the meat 90 and cook 2 more minutes. Repeat on the other side. Move the steak to the cooler part of the grill position the smaller end away from the heat cover and cook until the meat reaches 128 to 130 for mediumrare, 12 to 15 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes before slicing. To make the sauce, simmer 34 cup balsamic vinegar, 23 cup ketchup, 14 cup honey, 2 sliced shallots, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon allspice, and salt, pepper and sugar to taste until thickened, about 15 minutes. Strain, then whisk in some butter.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: Porterhouse with Balsamic Steak Sauce, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 25565: {instructions: Heat 2inches vegetable oil in a large, wide, heavy saucepan until it registers 370 degrees F. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, zest, and salt in a bowl. Whisk together the ricotta cheese, eggs, granulated sugar, and vanilla in another bowl, then whisk into the flour mixture. Working in batches, gently drop in tablespoons of batter and fry, turning occasionally, until deep golden, about 3 minutes per batch. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Dust generously with confectioners sugar, garnish with lemon zest and serve with Quick Berry Jam.nCombine the berries and 12 cup of the sugar in a bowl and coarsely mash with a potato masher. Let the berries sit at room temperature for 15 minutes to allow the berries to release some of their juice. Taste for desired sweetness and add remaining sugar if necessary. Transfer berries to a medium saucepan, add lemon juice and cook until thickened, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover and refrigerate until chilled or serve immediately: transfer to a bowl and set the bowl over an ice bath, stirring until jam is cooled., ingredients: [4 to 6 cups vegetable oil, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup whole milk ricotta, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Lemon zest, for garnish, Quick Berry Jam, for accompaniment, recipe follows, 1 pound fresh strawberries, tops cut off and halved, 12 pint blackberries, 12 pint raspberries, 12 to 34 cup sugar, depending on sweetness, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Lemon Ricotta Fritters with Fresh Berry Jam, picturelink: JKKxvurg7s4DXBIIqldJtb8GMHK8Rq}, 25566: {instructions: Special equipment: Assorted tools for sculpting, such as pins, scissors, marzipan modeling tool, leaf cutters Small paintbrushnTint marzipan with liquid food color, slowly adding the coloring in small amounts and working it into the dough with your hands. Rub hands with a small amount of vegetable shortening to prevent marzipan from drying out. Use a 2ounce ball of marzipan, a little larger than a golf ball, to make each turkey. Pinch the back of the ball to form a fan of tail feathers. Shape the front into the neck, head, and wattle. Sculpt breast and wings with marzipan sculpting tool. Snip wing feather shapes with small scissors. Let dry, 15 to 20 minutes. Use powdered food color and a dry paintbrush to tint the surface. Mix powdered food color in 12 teaspoon almond extract for bolder colors. Let dry completely before using.nMarzipan:nIn a large bowl, combine almond paste, confectioners sugar, and corn syrup.You may need to work the mixture with your hands to ensure that it is well mixed. To prevent the mixture from drying as you work with it, rub hands with a light coating of vegetable shortening. Wrap tightly in plastic until ready for use.nYield: 2 poundsnPrep Time: 1 hournEase of preparation: intermediate, ingredients: [2 pounds homemade or storebought marzipan, recipe follows, Paste or liquid food color, Vegetable shortening, for hands, Powdered food color, Almond extract, 1 pound almond paste, 1 box confectioners sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup], title: Marzipan Turkeys, picturelink: null}, 25567: {instructions: Combine the quinoa, almond milk, 1 14 cups of the coconut milk, brown sugar and salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Simmer, partially covered, stirring occasionally, until the mixture has thickened and the quinoa is very tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the pudding to a bowl, and refrigerate, covered, until cold.nTo serve, stir in some additional coconut milk for a creamy consistency. Top with cocoa nibs, almonds and toasted coconut. Enjoy, ingredients: [34 cup quinoa, rinsed and drained, 1 14 cups almond milk, 1 34 cups lowfat coconut milk, 14 cup dark brown sugar, Pinch salt, Cocoa nibs, toasted sliced almonds and toasted coconut shavings, for serving], title: Coconut Quinoa Pudding, picturelink: xrMixgaTzetihw8HZy65NZ.aoxt3mi}, 25568: {instructions: Place cider and juices in a percolator and stir. In a bowl combine sugar and spices and place in percolator basket. Turn on and let perk. Serve hot and garnish with a cinnamon stick. Or Bring ingredients to a boil, with spices in a sachet. Remove sachet and serve., ingredients: [1 quart apple cider, 1 pint cranberry juice, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup lemon juice, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon allspice berries, 1 teaspoon whole cloves, 3 sticks cinnamon, Cinnamon sticks, for garnish], title: Chez Rays Holiday Brew, picturelink: null}, 25569: {instructions: In the bottom of a shallow salad bowl, combine the marmalade with the juice of 1 lemon then whisk in extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss greens with oranges and onions and season with salt and pepper. Top with hazelnuts., ingredients: [1 tablespoon marmalade, 1 lemon, 14 extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 cups young spinach, 2 to 3 cups arugula, 1 navel orange, peeled and thinly sliced into discs, 12 small red onion, very thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped hazelnuts, toasted], title: Spinach and Arugula Salad with Orange, picturelink: MVwHmOiLfTJnztIavHxb80adpPXdia}, 25570: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSpread the olives out on several thickness of paper toweling, top with several more thicknesses of paper toweling, then roll up tight, and set aside this is to rid the olives of as much moisture as possible so that the pate wont be soupy.nSlice off the top part of the head of garlic, exposing the cloves. Drizzle the head with olive oil. Wrap the whole head of garlic in a double thickness of aluminum foil, and then twist each loose end into a gooseneck sealing in the garlic. Place in the oven and roast until the garlic is very tender, about 1 hour remove from the oven and cool to room temperature. Take out all cloves of garlic and put into a blender or food processor fitted with a metal chopping blade add the olives and pepper, and puree by buzzing 15 seconds nonstop. Scrape down the sides of the blender or work bowl with a rubber spatula, buzz for another 15 seconds, then scoop all into a small bowl, and cover tightly. Store in a refrigerator until about 30 minutes before serving.nMound into a small decorative bowl and serve as a cocktail spread on crisp crackers., ingredients: [1 pound large ripe black olives, pitted, 1 large head garlic about 2 to 3 ounces, Olive oil, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Black Olive Pate, picturelink: null}, 25571: {instructions: Put the noodles in a large bowl and cover with boiling water. Let the noodles soak until tender, about 10 minutes drain and rinse under cold water until cool. Transfer to a serving bowl.nWhisk the lime juice, soy sauce, peanut butter, brown sugar and vegetable oil in a medium bowl until smooth. Pour the dressing over the noodles. Add the bell pepper, scallions, basil, cilantro and mint and toss to combine. Season with salt and sprinkle with the peanuts.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [8 ounces rice vermicelli noodles, 6 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 3 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 small red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 12 cup sliced scallions, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh basil, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh mint, Kosher salt, 13 cup salted roasted peanuts, roughly chopped], title: Peanut Noodle Salad, picturelink: grXkOR2hE4mv2dOVgAmVLhgT.P8oN0.}, 25572: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the walnuts on a baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted, 5 to 7 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop.nMake the dressing: Whisk the vinegar, mustard, sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in the olive oil until well blended, then whisk in the sour cream.nAdd the cabbage, cilantro, dill, tarragon, scallions, grapes and toasted walnuts to the bowl toss to coat with the dressing. Cover and refrigerate 1 to 4 hours before serving.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [34 cup walnut pieces, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 23 cup sour cream, 1 small or 12 large head green cabbage, finely shredded, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 8 scallions, chopped, 2 cups seedless green grapes, chopped], title: Creamy Coleslaw With Grapes and Walnuts, picturelink: PSK1LUqdfR.43q.7mnri4xxV3bNinYq}, 25573: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, garlic, salt, and oil. Stir in the oregano and pepper. Set aside.nWhen ready to serve: In a large bowl lightly toss the lettuce with some of the dressing. Divide the lettuce among 4 salad bowls. Scatter the olives, cheese, cucumber, tomatoes, onion, and peppers over the top of the greens. Serve and pass the remaining dressing at the table., ingredients: [6 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons kosher salt plus more to taste, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, preferably Greek, 2 teaspoons minced fresh oregano, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 head romaine lettuceabout 1 pound, trimmed of tough stems and torn into bitesized pieces, 6 ounces calamata olives, about 1 cup, 12 pound feta cheese, crumbled, 1 English seedless cucumber, trimmed, cut into 1 inch chunks, 12 ounces vineripened cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 small red onion, cut into 12inch wedges, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes and drained, 1 green pepper, trimmed, seeded, and diced], title: Greek Salad, picturelink: null}, 25574: {instructions: Add the cilantro, mint, red onion, garlic, ginger, and salt, and pepper, to taste, to a food processor or blender. Puree on high until smooth. With the processor running, add about 14 cup water, and blend until the mixture is the consistency of a thick paste, a.k.a. masala. Set aside.nIn a large pot or deep skillet heat the olive oil over medium heat until shimmering. Add the shallot and cook, stirring often, until golden brown.nAdd the spices and cook for 30 seconds. Pour the masala mixture into skillet and cook, stirring often until it deepens in color and aroma. Youll know its ready when it looks shiny, little droplets of oil will appear on the surface, and the masala will hold together as a cohesive mass.nAdd the chicken, coating every piece in the masala and stirring often. Continue to cook for 5 minutes, so that the masala really adheres to the chicken. Add about 1 12 cups water, just enough to cover the chicken, and the vinegar. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, until the chicken is tender and sauce has thickened slightly, about 20 to 25 minutes.nRemove the pan from heat and stir in the yogurt. Taste and adjust seasonings, if needed. Transfer the mixture to a serving dish and serve over rice or with warm naan bread., ingredients: [2 small bunches cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 12 cups, 1 bunch fresh mint, leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 12 cups, 1 red onion, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, 1 12inch piece ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup water, plus 1 12 cups, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 6 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, about 1 34 pounds, halved, 12 teaspoon malt vinegar, 14 cup plain whole milk yogurt, whisked until smooth, Cooked basmati rice or warm naan bread, for serving], title: Green Chicken Curry, picturelink: SVO6zIfqqcADM2W0zr4phrAJmTUnLi}, 25575: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the eggplant in a single layer onto 2 9 by 17inch baking sheets. Brush both sides with 3 tablespoons canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake until browned and softened, 10 to 15 minutes.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining 1 tablespoon canola oil and the onions and cook until they soften, about 3 minutes. Add the beef, breaking into pieces with a wooden spoon. Add the garlic, Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, and salt and pepper. Stir in the tomatoes and simmer until it is thick and the flavors have combined, 20 to 25 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, if needed.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Whisk in the flour and cook for 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk, season with salt and pepper, and the remaining 12 teaspoon cinnamon. Bring it to a simmer, and cook until it is thick, about the consistency of pancake batter.nPut a layer of eggplant into a 9 by 9inch baking dish. Spread the beef mixture evenly over the top. Put another layer of eggplant on top reserve the remaining eggplant for Online Round 2 Recipe Eggplant Dip. Pour the bechamel sauce over the top and sprinkle with the cheese. Bake until browned and bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes. Garnish with the parsley before serving., ingredients: [2 eggplants, sliced lengthwise into 14inch thick slices 4 tablespoons canola oil, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 pound 80 percent lean ground beef, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, divided, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups milk, at room temperature, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Moussaka, picturelink: y2YBJSosnIknWp4UCDb.i.JAeW7gVm}, 25576: {instructions: Place the cilantro, garlic and chile in a mortar and grind to a paste, or use a blender. Transfer this mixture to a saucepan, and add the vinegar, sugar and salt. Heat to a boil, remove from the heat and cool. Set aside.nCut the soaked noodles into 3inch lengths. Mix the noodles, prawns, onions and celery together in a bowl. Pour the dressing over the top and toss gently to coat. Add the tomato, and shrimps and gently toss again.nServe on lettuce leaves with cilantro leaves garnishing the top., ingredients: [1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro, 1 clove pickled garlic, minced, 1 chile, thinly sliced, 13 cup white vinegar, 14 cup sugar, Salt, 8 ounces mung bean cellophane noodles, soaked in hot water, drained, 12 pound prawns, boiled and thinly sliced, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, plus light green leaves roughly chopped, 1 tomato, cored, seeded and cut into strips, 14 cup dried shrimp, crisp fried and cooled, Green lettuce, leaves washed, Cilantro leaves], title: Mung Bean Thread Salad, picturelink: null}, 25577: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together cream cheese and heavy cream until smooth. Fold in crab, chives and horseradish. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Transfer mixture to a small baking dish and bake 10 minutes, until hot and bubbly.nPreheat broiler.nSpread 12 teaspoon mustard on 1 side of each pumpernickel round. Top with spinach leaves and crab mixture. Sprinkle Parmesan over top. Broil 2 minutes, until top is golden brown. Place 2 olive rings on the top of each crab melt and fill the center with a piece of pimento, making eyes. Use another strip of pimento to make a circle for a screaming mouth., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, 2 tablespoons heavy cream or milk, 1 pound lump crabmeat, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped chives, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard, divided, 4 to 8 slices pumpernickel bread, cut into 4inch rounds making 8 rounds total, 1 cup baby spinach leaves, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Pitted black olives, cut crosswise into rings, Pimento pieces and strips], title: Screaming Crab Melts on Pumpernickel, picturelink: yB1qmrLQ5cQqJWnfN2aVIOxPzwSIe4u}, 25578: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 25579: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Combine the oats, coconut, almonds, cashews, oil, honey, cinnamon and salt in a large bowl, and toss together to coat. Spread evenly on a baking sheet. Bake until golden, 30 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheet. Add the dried fruit and serve. If not using right away, store in an airtight container, adding the dried fruit to order., ingredients: [4 cups rolled oats, 2 cups unsweetened coconut, 2 cups slivered almonds, 1 cup cashews, 34 cup olive oil, 12 cup honey, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups of your favorite dried fruit, such as dates and dried cherries, chopped], title: Lizzies Granola, picturelink: null}, 25580: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nOn the side burner, melt the brown sugar, honey and butter in a small saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Remove from the heat and whisk in the mustard, soy sauce, olive oil and ginger. Let cool.nPreheat grill to medium heat. Brush salmon with vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place the salmon skin side down on the grill. Coat the flesh of the salmon fillets with the brown sugar mixture. Grill for 6 to 8 minutes to medium doneness, turning once after 5 to 6 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely grated ginger, Vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 salmon fillets, 6 ounces each], title: Salmon with Brown Sugar and Mustard Glaze, picturelink: 1vU2xeJFZK9HzOHE2Nus2UyHlae2YLu}, 25581: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the shrimp with salt and add to the skillet. Cook, stirring frequently, until the shrimp are opaque and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove to a plate.nReduce the heat to medium and add the onion, ginger and garlic, and cook, stirring, until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the tomato and cook until it begins to break down, about 2 minutes. Add the curry paste and stir constantly for 1 minute. Add the coconut milk and chicken broth, scrapping up any browned bits of curry on the bottom of the pan. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the cooked shrimp and peas and simmer for 2 minutes. Sprinkle with chopped the cilantro before serving., ingredients: [2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Kosher salt, 1 small onion, finely chopped, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 plum tomato, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons red curry paste, 1 cup light coconut milk, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup frozen petit peas, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro], title: Coconut Shrimp Curry, picturelink: null}, 25582: {instructions: Place the peanut butter and honey in a food processor or mixer and combine well. Add the dry milk powder and the powdered sugar and mix again until smooth and well blended. Make into 1 long log and divide into 24 equal pieces. Roll each piece into a thick worm and place 2 peanuts or raisins at the end to look like 2 eyes. Chill 30 minutes before serving.nTo serve, take a small flowerpot and fill it with balled up plastic wrap. Crumble up a leftover plain chocolate cup cake and spread that on top of the plastic wrap to make it look like a pot of soil. Using your finger poke a hole in the soil, tuck the worm tails into the soil. Repeat this with 3 or 4 worms. Place the pot on a platter and surround the pot with the remainder of the worms, ingredients: [1 cup smooth peanut butter, 12 cup honey, 1 12 cups dry milk powder, 12 cup powdered sugar, Raisins and peanuts], title: Peanut Butter Worms, picturelink: null}, 25583: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In a separate large bowl using an electric mixer, beat together the butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar, mixing until pale yellow and fluffy, 3 minutes. Add in the vanilla and eggs and mix well. Slowly incorporate the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and mix well.nUsing slightly wet hands, roll the dough into heaping tablespoonsize balls or use a small cookie scoop and place them about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake just until the edges start to brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Bake one sheet at a time for even cooking and browning. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack and let cool.nThe cookies will keep in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs], title: Holiday Sugar Cookies, picturelink: null}, 25584: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add the shortening and half of the butter, a few pieces at a time, and pulse until it looks like coarse meal. Add the remaining butter and pulse until the dough begins forming a ball. Add the vinegar and 2 tablespoons ice water pulse a few more times until the dough is smooth. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and squeeze together, then roll out into a 12inch round. Ease into a 9inch pie plate, pressing the dough into the bottom and up the side. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp with your fingers or a fork. Freeze until firm, about 1 hour.nPut a baking sheet on the middle oven rack and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line the crust with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Transfer to the hot baking sheet and bake until lightly golden around the edge, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack, remove the foil and weights and let cool completely leave the baking sheet in the oven.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Whisk the pumpkin puree, melted butter, eggs, brown sugar, granulated sugar, allspice and cinnamon in a medium bowl until well combined. Add the buttermilk and flour and whisk until smooth. Pour into the cooled crust and return to the hot baking sheet in the oven. Bake until the filling is set, 50 minutes to 1 hour the top may crack slightly. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely. Dust with confectioners sugar just before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar or fresh lemon juice, For the filling:, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin puree, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 2 large eggs, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Buttermilk Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: kYN6CdKOlua.nP7.t3YhXoShAAJwNHC}, 25585: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nMix the salt and pepper in a small bowl with the fivespice powder. Rub some of the mixture all over the ribs, and then store remaining rub in an airtight container for another use. Arrange the ribs in a single layer in a roasting pan and slowroast for 2 hours.nTo make Teriyaki Glaze: In a pot, combine the soy sauce, grapefruit juice, hoisin sauce, ketchup, rice wine vinegar, chile, garlic, and ginger over medium heat. Bring to a slow simmer and cook, stirring, until thickened, about 20 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of Teriyaki Glaze in a small bowl and set aside.nIn the last 30 minutes of cooking, baste the ribs with the Teriyaki Glaze. When they are done, the meat will start to pull away from the bone. Just before youre ready to eat, baste the ribs with the Teriyaki Glaze again and stick them under the broiler for 5 to 8 minutes to make the spareribs a nice crusty brown. Separate the ribs with a cleaver or sharp knife, cutting at every second rib so there are 2 bones per piece. Pile them on a platter, and pour on the reserved Glaze. Sprinkle with sesame seeds and chopped cilantro., ingredients: [Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Chinese fivespice powder, 1 rack pork spareribs, trimmed of excess fat, cut in 12 through the bone so you have 2inch length riblets, 2 tablespoons white sesame seeds, for garnish, Cilantro leaves, chopped, for garnish, Green onion, thinly sliced, for garnish, 1 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 cup fresh grapefruit juice, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 fresh red chile, split, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 2 inch piece fresh ginger, cut into 1inch coins], title: TeriyakiGlazed Pork Spare Ribs, picturelink: 169Ptce37weujN1X6M6udFjjGPhxWbe}, 25586: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper.nCombine the flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the butter and mix on low speed until the butter is mixed into the flour.nWith a fork, lightly beat the buttermilk, egg, and orange zest together in a measuring cup. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the buttermilk mixture to the flour mixture. Combine the currants with 1 tablespoon of flour and mix into the dough. It will be very wet.nDump the dough onto a wellfloured board and knead it a few times into a round loaf. Place the loaf on the prepared sheet pan and lightly cut an X into the top of the bread with a serrated knife. Bake for 45 to 55 minutes, or until a cake tester comes out clean. When you tap the loaf, it will have a hollow sound.nCool on a baking rack. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for currants, 4 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch dice, 1 34 cups cold buttermilk, shaken, 1 extralarge egg, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 cup dried currants], title: Irish Soda Bread, picturelink: THnQyFQQLkXrIavXim18Q1LME4b05aa}, 25587: {instructions: Combine the Cranberry Apple Glaze, yogurt, scallions and jalapenos in a small bowl. Whisk together the wholegrain mustard, honey and Dijon mustard in another bowl until smooth.nTo assemble the sandwiches, spread the honey mustard on the bottom halves of the rolls, and spread a generous amount of the spicy cranberry cream on the top halves. Top each bottom half with 1 lettuce leaf, 1 ounce turkey and 14 cup stuffing, if using, and then place the spicy cranberry cream halves on top. Slice the sandwiches in half and serve with a pickle spear.nCombine the apple cider, cranberries, cranberry juice, maple syrup and apple cider vinegar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, and then reduce to a simmer until the liquid has been reduced by 2 cups and the cranberries have burst, 18 to 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and then transfer to a blender and puree until smooth., ingredients: [12 cup Cranberry Apple Glaze, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons Greek yogurt, 2 scallions, white and green parts thinly sliced, 12 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 4 focaccia rolls, split lengthwise, 4 leaves green curly lettuce, 4 ounces leftover turkey, sliced, 1 cup leftover stuffing, optional, Pickle spears, for serving, 2 cups apple cider, 2 cups cranberries, 1 cup cranberry juice, 12 cup maple syrup, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Leftover Turkey Sandwich with Spicy Cranberry Cream, picturelink: 0iPVuOoxHDW1Ft2eteANHmP5dZ12V8W}, 25588: {instructions: Cut off the 8 largest outer leaves from the lettuce and wash and dry them carefully, trying not to tear them. Cut the leaves at the base, where they connected to the root the leaves should be about 9 inches long. Using a vegetable peeler, shave down the center rib of each leaf so it will roll up more easily. Set aside.nCombine the cream cheese, spinach and basil in a food processor and puree until smooth. Season with 14 teaspoon kosher salt and a few grinds of black pepper.nLay two of the romaine leaves out on a clean work surface. Cover the leaves with 2 slices of turkey. Spread 2 tablespoons of the cream cheese mixture over the turkey and line up 14 of the pepper strips along one end. Line up 14 cup of the shredded carrots just above the peppers. Roll up the wrap tightly, starting from the edge with the peppers and carrots, so the wrap holds together and the peppers and carrots end up in the center of the roll. Place the wrap on a plate seamside down. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Cut each wrap in half and serve., ingredients: [1 large head romaine lettuce, 4 ounces whipped cream cheese, 1 cup baby spinach leaves, loosely packed, 8 large fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices glutenfree ovenroasted deli turkey about 8 ounces, 1 whole roasted pepper from a jar, sliced into 14inch strips about 12 cup, 1 cup shredded carrots], title: Roast Turkey and Herbed Cream Cheese Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: null}, 25589: {instructions: Combine the milk, bourbon, egg whites, sugar, water and vanilla in a shaker and shake vigorously. Serve in a rocks glass and sprinkle with nutmeg, to taste.nOchsner Criteria Slimmed Down Original RecipenCalories: Less than 800 241 calories 306 caloriesnTotal Fat: Less than 20 1.3 gm fat 9.5 gm fatnSaturated Fat: Less than 8 gm .9 gm 5.9 gmnCholesterol: Less than 150 mg 5.3 mg 36 mgnSodium: Less than 1000mg 61 mg 48 mg, ingredients: [1 12 cups 2percent milk, 12 cup skim milk, 12 ounces bourbon, 2 egg whites, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup cold water or ice, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Ground nutmeg, as needed], title: Brandy Milk Punch, picturelink: ibprAQqwCtHvyrXLau6X9.YMySSwWom}, 25590: {instructions: In a large skillet heat the oil over high heat until it is smoking. Add the broccoli, give it a quick stir and cook it covered, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. It should look crispy and brown around the edges. Turn the heat to a low and cook it for 2 minutes more or until it is just tender. Add the red pepper flakes, garlic and salt and pepper to taste and cook the mixture for 1 minute. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 bunch broccoli cut into florets about 4 cups, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 garlic clove put through a press], title: Spicy and Crispy Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 25591: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRub 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper around the whole turkey breast, in every crevasse and crevice. Gently peel back the skin and rub the seasoning under the skin too. Do the same with the honey, concentrating it under the skin avoid putting the honey on top of the skin.nOn a baking sheet, mix the thyme, carrots, sweet potatoes, fennel, onions and 2 tablespoons of the melted butter. Season with salt and pepper. Spread the vegetables out evenly and place the turkey on top of the vegetables. Next, brush the remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter all over the turkey and on top of the skin.nCook for 15 minutes, then bump the temperature down to 325 degrees F and cook until the meat registers 165 degrees F on a GOOD instantread thermometer, for another hour or so. Let rest at least 10 minutes.nSlice and serve with the roasted vegetables. The turkey will keep in the fridge for up to 5 days, and is perfect for the kids lunches the following week., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 4pound boneless, skinon turkey breast, 2 tablespoons honey, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 carrots, sliced into 3inch chunks, 1 sweet potato, peeled and sliced into wedges, 1 fennel bulb, sliced, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: RoastYourOwn HoneyRoasted Turkey Breast and Vegetables, picturelink: GtTArvhM3vyOKg6aK4KTKohTL0bPKq}, 25592: {instructions: To prepare the crust, in a medium bowl whisk together the wholewheat pastry flour, all purpose flour, granulated sugar and salt. Add the butter and using two knives or a pastry cutter, cut the butter into the flour mixture until you get a pebbly, course texture. In a small bowl combine the buttermilk and ice water. Using a fork, gradually mix the buttermilk mixture into the flour mixture. Pat the dough into a 4inch round and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nIn the meantime, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F, and prepare the filling. Peel the pears, core them and cut into 14inch slices. In a large bowl toss the pear slices with the lemon juice. Sprinkle in the cornstarch, brown sugar and cinnamon and toss until the pears are evenly coated. Set aside.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the chilled dough into a large circle about nine inches in diameter. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper, and draping the dough over the rolling pin, transfer to the prepared baking sheet. If the dough breaks at all patch it up with your fingers.nArrange the pears in a mound in the center of the dough, leaving a 2inch boarder. Fold the border over the filling. It will only cover the pears partially and does not need to be even.nBake the tart for 15 minutes, and then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F, keeping the tart in the oven all the while, and bake for another 40 minutes, until the pears are tender and the crust is golden brown.nIn a small bowl stir together the honey and boiling water to make a glaze. When the tart is done remove it from the oven and brush the honey glaze all over the top of the fruit and crust. Transfer to a plate to cool slightly. Cut into 6 wedges and serve warm or a room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup wholegrain pastry flour or regular whole wheat flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons cold, unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons lowfat buttermilk, 3 tablespoons ice water, 3 medium pears, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 teaspoon boiling water], title: Rustic Pear Tart, picturelink: s5P66j66z9GCh2znXMWhzHoVZsx3A.}, 25593: {instructions: Combine the vodka, lemon juice, maple syrup and cayenne in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice and top with club soda. Twist the orange peel over the top of the glass as a garnish., ingredients: [2 ounces vodka, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Grade B maple syrup, Dash cayenne pepper, Club soda, for serving, 2inch strip of orange peel, for garnish], title: Clean Slate, picturelink: null}, 25594: {instructions: Using a peeler, remove the skin from the carrots and discard, then continue to peel the carrots until you are left with a pile of long thin slices. Cut the fennel bulb in half and remove the core from the inside. Shave the fennel as thinly as possible. In a separate bowl, mix together the lemon juice and extra virgin olive oil, season with salt and pepper. Dress the fennel and carrots with some of the vinaigrette and add the mache last., ingredients: [2 large carrots, 1 large fennel bulb, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste, Baby mache any mild green will do], title: Fennel,Carrot and Mache Salad, picturelink: null}, 25595: {instructions: Cover pork bones with water. Add parsley, sprig of thyme and black peppercorns and cook for 1 hour. Strain. Reduce to 14 cup. Add cider and gelatin and allow to cool.nMake hot water paste: Boil lard with water. Heat flour and salt in a bowl in the oven. Add lard and water to flour and mix until dough leaves sides of bowl. Knead dough and when smooth, and while still hot, roll into a loaf shape Cut off 14 of the paste for the lid and place in a bowl over hot water to keep warm. Upend a 2 pound jam jar and dust with flour. Lightly dust dough with flour. Place dough onto jar and mold it carefully around the jar until approximately 14inch thick. Cut a cross in the top. Clip a piece of double folded paper around the paste and then upend jar and pour hot water into the jar. The paste will slide off easily. Place the mold onto a greased baking sheet. Do not remove the paper. Use a bulledog clip. Finely chop the onion and apple. Cut pork into 14inch dice and season highly with salt and pepper. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Fill the pastry mold with layers of port, onion and apple ending with a layer of pork, do not pack tightly. Trim paper away 12 inch below rim of pastry to fit top. Dampen edge of pastry with water and affix lid crimping edges together. Gild with egg and bake in the oven for 1 12 hours. Thirty minutes before the end of cooking, remove paper band and brush sides with egg. Remove pie from oven and using a small funnel pour in the slightly warmed stock. Place in the refrigerator. Serve the pie cold with a little hot mustard on the side. Recommended drink: A pint of English wallop, ingredients: [Pork bones, Water, Parsley and thyme, Black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons cider 1 fluid ounce, 2 teaspoons gelatin, 14 medium onion, 12 Granny Smith apple, 8 ounces pork breast trimmed weight, Salt and white pepper, 1 egg, 78 cup water 7 fluid ounces, 58 cup lard 5 ounces, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 cups allpurpose flour 16 ounces plain flour], title: Handraised Pork Pie, picturelink: null}, 25596: {instructions: 1. Place about 1012 DOVEu00ae Brand Milk Chocolate Eggs in a metal bowl.n2. Place the bowl over simmering water and stir until the chocolate is melted. Remove the bowl from the saucepan and slightly cool the chocolate by adding 23 more DOVEu00ae Brand Milk Chocolate Eggs and stirring until smooth.n3. Add 1 cup of pretzel sticks to the melted chocolate and stir carefully until the pretzel sticks are completely covered with melted chocolate.n4. Form small nests and use extra chocolate to drizzle over the top of the nest.n5. Repeat process above to make remaining 3 nests.n6. Place in the refrigerator for approximately one hour, then fill with MMSu00ae Brand Peanut Butter Eggs., ingredients: [40 pieces DOVEu00ae Brand Milk Chocolate Eggs, 4 cups pretzel sticks, 24 pieces Starburst Jelly Beans or MMSu00ae Brand Peanut Butter Eggs], title: Speckled Egg Pretzel Nest, picturelink: null}, 25597: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees, setting rack at middle level. Butter a 10inch round cake pan, 2 inches deep, and cut a piece of parchment or waxed paper to fit the bottom.nCut the chocolate finely and place in a small bowl over hot water to melt, stirring occasionally. Remove the bowl from the pan and cool slightly.nIn a large mixer, beat the butter with half the sugar until soft and light. Beat in the chocolate, then the yolks, one at a time, scraping bowl and beaters often. Continue beating until the mixture is smooth and light. Place the walnuts in the bowl of a food processor and grind them finely, pulsing the machine on and off at one second intervals. Be careful that the walnuts do not become pasty. Stir the walnuts into the batter.nIn a clean dry bowl, beat the egg whites until they hold a very soft peak and beat in the remaining sugar in a slow stream. Beat the whites until they hold a soft glossy peak. Stir 14 of the whitesninto the batter, then fold in the rest with a rubber spatula, so that no streaks remain.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake the Torta Caprese about 40 minutes, until the center is firm when pressed with a fingertip.nCool the cake in the pan for 10 minutes. The cake may sink slightly, though this does not affect its texture. Trim off any loose crust and invert the cake on a rack, remove the pan and allow to cool completely. Dust cake with confectioners sugar and slide onto a platter., ingredients: [6 ounces semisweet chocolate, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 23 cup sugar, divided, 8 large eggs, separated, 1 13 cups walnut pieces, about 5 12 ounces, 13 cup allpurpose flour, Confectioners sugar for finishing], title: Torta Caprese, picturelink: null}, 25598: {instructions: Special equipment: Paper towels Riveras tostonera or 2 mini muffin pans not siliconenSalt and pepper the meat and lightly dust with flour Do not cut off fat.nBrown the meat in olive oil in a large cast iron braiser. Add enough water to surround the meat, but dont cover it. Add green pepper, 12 of the chopped onions and the garlic. Simmer, covered, until meat is fork tender, about 2 hours. Add more water sparingly to avoid burning and flip meat over at the halfway mark.nRemove from heat and cool. Shred the meat and remove the fat.nDiscard the veggies and sauce. Slightly clean the braiser then add back to the stove top add olive oil.nSaute the roasted garlic and the remaining chopped onion until transparent. Add chopped red pepper. Add crushed tomatoes, cumin, 12 of the red wine and bay leaf. Incorporate salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and cook over low heat for about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add other half of the red wine and cook for 14 minutes more.nRemove bay leaf and serve with white rice or stuff in Plantain Cups.nFill large bowl with warm salted water to cover the plantains. Peel green plantain and cut into 2 inch pieces. Put the cut plantains into the water and soak.nHeat oil to 375 degrees F.nRemove plantains from water, shake off excess water and fry the plantain pieces for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the plantains and let cool for a couple of minutes.nUsing the Rivera Tostonera designed to make cups put fried plantains lengthwise into mold. If you dont have a Tostonera maker take 2 mini muffin pans and put fried plantains in the mold of 1 pan lengthwise and with the other muffin pan press down firmly to form a cup.nCarefully remove the cup and refry the plantain cup in the hot oil until golden brown.nRemove the cups and drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt.nServe warm., ingredients: [2 pounds beef chuck, marbled with fat, 1 green pepper, roughly chopped, 1 red pepper, chopped, 1 extra large vidalia onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 4 cloves of roasted garlic, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons thyme, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 12 cups red wine, 1 bay leaf, Olive oil, Flour, Salt and pepper, Plantain Cups, recipe follows, 1 large green plantain, cut into 2 inch pieces, Canola oil, Salt], title: Earnest Hemingways Old Shirt Ropa Vieja, picturelink: null}, 25599: {instructions: Combine a halfpint of raspberries, all the blueberries, sugar, zest and 13 cup water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and cook uncovered over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, for 8 to 10 minutes. The juice will become a syrup and the berries will be slightly cooked. Off the heat, stir in the remaining raspberries and the framboise, if desired., ingredients: [3 halfpints fresh raspberries, divided, Halfpint fresh blueberries, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon orange zest, 13 cup water, 2 teaspoons framboise raspberry brandy, optional], title: Stewed Fresh Berries, picturelink: T2YabG79YDeKKAMD5kNpqs5mWTDAkK}, 25600: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.nMix the canola oil, agave syrup, honey, cinnamon, brown sugar and vanilla extract in a small bowl until smooth. Combine the oats, almonds, sunflower seeds, pumpkin seeds, flax seeds, wheat germ and salt in a large bowl. Add the wet mixture to the dry mixture and stir, making sure everything is evenly coated. Spread the mixture evenly on the prepared baking sheet bake, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, 25 to 30 minutes.nRemove the granola from the oven and let cool slightly, then break into clumps while still warm. Let cool completely, then toss with the dried mango in a bowl. Serve with the yogurt. Store leftover granola in an airtight container in a cool place.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 14 cup agave syrup, 14 cup clover honey, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups oldfashioned rolled oats not instant, 34 cup slivered almonds, 12 cup raw sunflower seeds, 12 cup raw pumpkin seeds, 2 tablespoons flax seeds, 2 tablespoons wheat germ, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup diced dried sweetened mango, 1 pint 2 Greek yogurt], title: MangoAgave Granola With Greek Yogurt, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 25601: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix together the apple cider, brown sugar, salt, and pepper.nToss the apples, pears, and dried cranberries in the apple cider mixture until well combined.nEvenly divide the endive among 4 plates. Divide the apple mixture into 4 equal portions and top each plate of endive., ingredients: [14 cup apple cider, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup julienned apples preferably Granny Smith, 1 cup julienned pear, 14 cup dried cranberries, 2 cups julienned Belgium endive], title: Apple Pear Slaw, picturelink: null}, 25602: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a large open star tipnFor the frozen banana bites: Peel and slice the banana into 1inch pieces. Heat up the chocolate and shortening for 30 seconds in the microwave in a bowl. Remove and stir. If any lumps remain, heat in 10second increments until fully melted.nPlace the banana pieces on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Using two forks, place a banana piece on one fork and dip it into the chocolate. Make sure the banana piece is covered completely. Remove the banana piece from the chocolate and, using the other fork, gently move the banana piece onto the cookie sheet. When completed, place the chocolatecovered banana pieces in the freezer for at least 1 hour, preferably overnight.nFor the chocolate cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare a 9by13inch cake pan by rubbing with butter, sprinkling with flour and tapping out the extra.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, granulated sugar, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Mix together with a wooden spoon, then set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine the eggs, milk, oil and vanilla. Beat well with a hand mixer. Slowly add the boiling water and mix. Add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture, and fold and stir until smooth. Pour the batter into the prepared pan.nBake until a cake tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the cake from the pan and cool on a rack.nFor the whipped cream: Beat the cream and vanilla in a chilled nonreactive bowl with a whisk or an electric mixer just until the mixture holds a loose peak. Lift the beater from the cream and look at the shape of the peak at the end of the whisk it should hold a lazy curve. Sift the confectioners sugar over the cream and continue to beat just until it holds a soft peak. Take care not to overbeat the cream or it will be curdy. Refrigerate, covered, for up to 4 hours.nTo assemble: When the cake is cool, cut in half with a long serrated knife. Place one half of the chocolate cake on a serving platter or cake stand. Cover the cake with strawberry pie filling about 1 cup you will have some left over, which can be refrigerated. Set the other half of the cake on top. Try to match up the ends that have been cut when stacking.nWith a pastry bag fitted with a large open star decorating tip, pipe whipped cream mounds on top of the cake. Add sprinkles. Cut the frozen banana bites in half and set on top of the whipped cream. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 banana, 12 cup chopped semisweet chocolate, 1 tablespoon shortening, Butter, for the pan, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pan, 2 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup boiling water, 1 cup 12 pint heavy or whipping cream, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla paste or extract, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, Canned strawberry pie filling, for layering, Rainbow sprinkles, for topping], title: The Ultimate Banana Split Cake, picturelink: NjN45gygEoKeb.kGMc09KU.gwijGxyG}, 25603: {instructions: Set soaked beans in saucepot and cover with water 4 quarts. Bring water to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, partially covered for 1 hour or until the beans are just tender, but not mushy. Drain, reserving cooking liquid. Mix precooked beans with molasses and mustard and season lightly with salt and pepper. While beans are cooking, parboil sausages and salt pork for 10 minutes. Drain. Dice the salt pork into small cubes and slice the sausages. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a shallow gratin or baking dish layer 13 of the beans. Top the beans with half of minced garlic, onion, diced salt pork and sliced sausages season with salt and pepper. Repeat with a layer of beans, remaining salt pork, sausages, onions and garlic and finish with layer of beans. Add about 1 cup of reserved bean cooking liquid to the baking pan, cover the top with strips of bacon and bake for 1 12 to 2 hours or until the liquid is almost entirely absorbed. Add more liquid if it evaporates too quickly.nServe with Corn Bread recipe followsnPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 13 by 9inch baking pan. With a whisk combine the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and sugar. Beat eggs with buttermilk and combine with corn and corn oil. Swiftly blend dry ingredients with wet ingredients and transfer to baking pan. Bake for 30 minutes or until bread pulls away from edges and a toothpick when inserted in the middle of the bread comes out dry., ingredients: [2 pounds 4 cups dried pea or navy beans, soaked and drained, 13 cup Blackstrap molasses, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds Italian sweet sausage, 12 pound chunk salt pork, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 onion, finely chopped, 12 pound sliced bacon, 2 cups all purpose flour, 2 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 cups buttermilk or 1 cup yogurt mixed with 1 cup milk, 1 cup thawed frozen corn kernels, 12 cup corn oil], title: Sunday Startup Pork and Beans, picturelink: null}, 25604: {instructions: Soak 14 cup minced red onion in cold water, 10 minutes drain. Cook 8 ounces elbow macaroni as the label directs drain and rinse under cold water. Toss the macaroni, onion, 1 chopped celery stalk, 1 chopped hardcooked egg, 13 cup mayonnaise, a pinch of cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon each olive oil and white wine vinegar, and 3 tablespoons chopped parsley. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Macaroni and Egg Salad, picturelink: 3gHVMWhuSDDvhiBRoZd4BFLuOUMMx4m}, 25605: {instructions: Preheat a grill for cooking over medium heat. Whisk together the ginger, 2 tablespoons coconut milk, 14 cup fish sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, juice of 1 lime, half the minced garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Pierce the skin of the drumsticks all over with the tip of a knife or fork. Toss the drumsticks with the marinade to coat and set aside.nMeanwhile, heat the canola oil in a small saucepan over medium heat and add the remaining garlic. Cook, stirring often, until the garlic is golden, about 30 seconds. Remove from the heat and whisk in the remaining 12 cup coconut milk, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon honey and juice of 2 limes. Whisk in the peanut butter and 1 tablespoon water. Stir until well combined and season with 14 teaspoon salt. Set aside.nGrill the drumsticks, turning halfway through and basting twice with the marinade, until they are charred and crisp, 8 minutes. Discard the remaining marinade. Reduce the heat to low, then cover and cook until the drumsticks are tender, crisp and cooked through, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the drumsticks to a bowl. Add half of the peanut sauce and toss to coat. Sprinkle with the cilantro leaves and serve with the lime wedges and remaining peanut sauce on the side., ingredients: [3inch piece ginger, peeled and finely grated about 3 tablespoons, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons coconut milk, 14 cup plus 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 3 tablespoons honey, Juice of 3 limes, 6 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 chicken drumsticks about 2 pounds, skin on, 1 teaspoon canola oil, 13 cup creamy peanut butter, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, Lime wedges, for serving], title: ThaiStyle Satay Drumsticks, picturelink: AGanqgqEqiiu6inzdALDtQhSagONZKu}, 25606: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roast the peppers cutside down on a baking sheet until wrinkled, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover and let stand 10 minutes. Peel off the skin with your fingers under running water. Cut each piece in half to make 8 pieces.nSpread the almonds on a baking sheet and bake until golden, about 10 minutes. Let cool, then roughly chop. Combine all but 1 tablespoon of the almonds in a small bowl with the chopped mint and parsley.nMake the vinaigrette: Whisk the vinegar, garlic, sugar, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in another small bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified.nLine four 4ounce ramekins with plastic wrap, leaving an overhang. Place 1 tomato slice in each ramekin sprinkle with salt and some of the vinaigrette and herbalmond mixture. Top with a layer of cucumber slices sprinkle with more salt, vinaigrette and herbalmond mixture. Add 1 piece of roasted bell pepper to each ramekin sprinkle with more salt, vinaigrette and herbalmond mixture. Repeat the layers, reserving 1 to 2 tablespoons of the vinaigrette.nPull the plastic wrap taut around the vegetable stacks and cover with the overhanging plastic transfer the ramekins to a baking dish. Weigh down each stack with a heavy can. Refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours.nOpen the plastic wrap drain the excess liquid and invert the stacks onto plates. Toss the mint and parsley leaves with a drizzle of the reserved vinaigrette. Pile on top of the vegetable stacks. Sprinkle with the reserved chopped almonds and drizzle with more vinaigrette.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [2 orange bell peppers, halved, 13 cup slivered almonds, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, plus 12 cup leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus 12 cup leaves, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 small clove garlic, finely grated, 14 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tomatoes, cut into 8 slices, 12 seedless cucumber, thinly sliced], title: Produce Stand, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 25607: {instructions: Add all the ingredients to a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into ice pop molds and freeze for at least 4 hours., ingredients: [1 3 14ounce package instant banana cream pudding mix regular, not sugarfree, 1 34 cups milk, 2 cups sliced strawberries, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Strawberry Banana Ice Pops, picturelink: null}, 25608: {instructions: Make the pork mixture: In a large skillet cook the onion and the bell pepper in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened. Add the pork, and cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring and breaking up any lumps, until the pork is no longer pink. Stir in the tomato sauce and paste, corn, cumin, chili powder, and cornmeal, season with salt and black pepper, to taste, and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 30 minutes. Spoon the mixture into a shallow 2 12quart casserole. The mixture may be made 1 day in advance and kept, covered and chilled.nMake the topping: Into a bowl sift together the flour, cornmeal, sugar, and baking powder, add the butter, milk, and egg, and stir the batter until it is just combined. Stir in the monterey jack and the chile peppers and drop the batter by the large spoonfuls around the edge of the casserole.nBake the potpie in the middle of a preheated 400 degree F. oven for 10 minutes, reduce the heat to 350 degrees F, and bake the potpie for 30 minutes more. Serve hot, with a composed salad., ingredients: [1 cup medium diced onion, 1 cup medium diced green bell pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 pounds lean ground pork, 1 12ounce can tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 10ounce package frozen corn, thawed, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon yellow cornmeal, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons doubleacting baking powder, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 34 cup milk, 1 large egg, beaten lightly, 12 cup grated monterey jack, 1 4ounce can green chile peppers, drained and chopped, Serving suggestion: composed salad of red onions, orange segments, and avocado slices], title: Pork Potpie with Cornbread Crust, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 25609: {instructions: Combine the flour, ginger, cinnamon, and salt. Set aside.nIn a heavyduty mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the shortening, powdered sugar, dark brown sugar, and molasses. Mix on low speed, just until smooth, trying not to incorporate too much air.nAdd the flour mixture all at once, and mix on low to mediumlow speed. As this begins to mix, add the 14 cup of cooled coffee. Watch closely as the dough begins to come together. If it looks and feels dry and crumbly, begin to add the remaining coffee, 1 tablespoon at a time as needed. The dough should be firm, but evenly moist.nAlternatively, this dough can be mixed by hand. If you choose to do this, add the flour mixture in 3 or 4 batches, instead of all at once, to the sugar and shortening mixture. Add the coffee, a little at a time, along with the flour.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and shape into 2 flattened rectangles. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap, then place into an airtight container or ziptop plastic bag. Refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours before rolling and cutting. The dough keeps for 4 days, refrigerated.nIf dough has been chilled for longer than 1 to 2 hours, allow it to sit at room temperature for 15 minutes before rolling.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment or foil, or very lightly grease.nWorking with 1 piece of the chilled dough at a time, roll out on a lightly floured surface to 38inch thick small, decorative pieces may be rolled thinner pieces that will need to provide support may be rolled thicker. Transfer to prepared baking sheets, then cut to desired shapes using templates that have been lightly floured. Cut out desired shapes use templates and lightly flour them before placing on the dough and cutting. If cutting windows, doors, etc., start by cutting them first, then cut the overall shape. This prevents distortion of the pieces. Keep similar sized pieces on each sheet for even baking. If you have the refrigerator space, a brief chilling at this point 15 minutes will help the dough hold its shape in the oven, but this step is optional.nLightly brush or spray the surface with water and bake 15 minutes for medium to large pieces 7 to 10 minutes for smaller pieces. Remove from oven and let rest for 5 minutes. With a sharp knife, carefully recut the hot gingerbread using your templates if any spreading occurred. Remove all scraps from the tray.nReturn the baking sheet to the oven. Bake for 30 to 45 minutes more, even longer for very large or thick pieces, until dark brown, but not burned. You must bake gingerbread for houses much longer than you would bake cookies. It must be very dry throughout, and quite dark in color. The low oven temperature helps to keep the browning even, as opposed to dark around the edges. As oven temperatures will vary, check the pieces during the second baking frequently. If they are browning too quickly, lower the oven to 300 degrees F.nRemove from the oven and allow to cool 5 minutes on the baking sheet. Loosen the pieces from the tray with a thin spatula and continue to cool on the tray until firm. Remove the pieces from the tray and allow them to cool on a wire rack for several hours before assembling your house., ingredients: [5 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for surface, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 cup allvegetable shortening, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 1 cup molasses, 14 cup plus 2 to 3 tablespoons strong coffee, cooled], title: Christinas Gingerbread Dough, picturelink: null}, 25610: {instructions: In a shallow bowl, add the flour. Season well with salt and pepper. Dredge the meat in the flour, shaking off any excess. In a large stock pot or Dutch oven over high heat, add the olive oil and heat. When the oil is hot, add the meat, and brown on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. When all of the meat is browned, remove the meat from the pan and set aside on a plate.nTo the pot, add the garlic and red onion and sweat. Add the wine to the pot. Add the browned meat back into the pot and add the crushed tomatoes. Add enough water to cover the meat and add the bay leaves. Bring to a simmer and simmer over low heat for 2 12 hours.nAdd the carrots and the potatoes and simmer for another 45 minutes. Remove from heat and serve., ingredients: [2 cups flour, Salt and pepper, 6 pounds oxtail, cut into chunks, 14 cup olive oil, 4 cloves garlic sliced then mashed in salt to puree consistency, 1 red onion chopped, 1 cup red wine, 3 cups crushed tomatoes with juice, Water, to cover, 3 bay leaves, 2 pounds carrots peeled and chopped into large chunks, 6 pounds potatoes peeled and chopped into large chunks], title: Oxtail Stew, picturelink: null}, 25611: {instructions: Special equipment: Makisu bamboo rolling matnTo cook the sushi rice  wash rice well, drain and let stand for 30 minutes in colander. When cooking rice, for 1 cup of rice add just a little less than 1 cup water in a rice cooker. 45 minutes after rice has been started, remove into a big mixing bowl plastic or wood is best, metal is also OK to speed the cooling process. Add 1ounce of sushi su seasoning and mix well into rice. Let stand to cool. Periodically turn your rice to cool evenly. Do this for about 20 to 30 minutes, then cover.nPlace a full sheet of nori rough side up, on the bamboo rolling mat. Cover the whole sheet except for about 78inch at far end with rice, pressing rice with damp hands into an even layer. Sprinkle sesame seeds on rice from left to right. Place bands of Unagi, cucumber, and kaiware sprouts across leading edge of nori. Roll closest edge to you, up and away from you, very carefully tuck in the roll and continue until you reach the bare end, to seal your roll. Make sure when rolling all ingredients are tightly secured, this will help to keep ingredients intact when cutting. Compress the roll with the bamboo mat. You may shape your roll making it slightly oval or squared off. To serve, slice into 12 even slices. Place Unagi glaze on plate or serve as side dish. Fan out sushi on plate, garnish with pickled ginger and wasabi. Serve with soy sauce.nSushi hints: Nori has 2 sides, 1 rough and 1 smooth and shiny. The rough side holds the rice better and the smooth side is more presentable on the outside. Also, water is your best friend when making sushi. Keep you hands wet when handling rice so the rice will not stick to your hands. This is important when slicing or cutting sushi rolls, keep your knife wet at all times so the knife can glide through the rice.nCombine all ingredients in a saucepan. Cook just until sugar completely dissolves. Remove from the heat and cool completely.nCombine all ingredients and set aside., ingredients: [8 ounces sushi rice, Sushi Su seasoning, recipe follows, 1 full sheet nori roasted seaweed, 1ounce cucumber, julienned, 12ounce Kaiware daikon sprouts, juilienne, 4 ounces Unagi broiled fresh water eel, 1 pinch sesame seeds, 1 ounce Unagi Glaze, recipe follows, Gari pickled ginger, to taste, Wasabi Japanese horseradish, to taste, Soy Sauce, to taste, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 cup rice vinegar, 1 ounce sea kelp, 4 ounces sake, 4 ounces mirin, 1ounce sugar, 1ounce water, 12ounce soy sauce], title: Unagi Roll Broiled fresh water Eel, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 25612: {instructions: Heat grill to mediumhigh heat.nRinse fillets and pat dry. Slice onion into 18inch rings, and set aside. Slice lemon into 18inch rings, remove seeds and set aside.nRub 1 clove of crushed garlic over the fillet. Place fillet in the center of the aluminum foil. Top with 1 pat of butter, 2 to 3 onion rings, then season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover fish with 1 or 2 lemon rings. Fold aluminum foil around fish to create a sealed package. Repeat for each fillet.nPlace packets on hot grill for 5 minutes or until cooked through, careful not to overcook the fillets. Remove fish from foil, plate and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 trout fillets, 1 medium white or yellow onion, Large lemon, 6 to 8 cloves garlic, crushed, 13 stick butter, Salt and ground black pepper, 6 aluminum sheets, approximately 12 by 12 inches], title: Fishermans Grilled Trout, picturelink: c6tA3amvQqsckIel7bMOTKaSJnl4gEO}, 25613: {instructions: Cut baby bok choy in 12 lengthwise, place side by side in shallow microwave proof dish with 2 to 3 tablespoons water. Cover loosely with plastic wrap. Microwave on high for 4 to 5 minutes or until tender and cooked through., ingredients: [4 heads baby bok choy], title: Microwave Steamed Baby Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 25614: {instructions: 1.Wash and cut potatoes into wedges, do not peel. Dry potato slices on paper towels.n2.In a large bowl, toss potatoes with Mrs. Dashu00ae Extra Spicy Seasoning Blend, olive oil, and garlic.n3.Spray baking sheet with nostick cooking spray and lay wedges on baking sheet.n4.Place potatoes in preheated 425 degrees F oven and bake for 20 minutes. Turn the potatoes and bake another 15 minutes or until potatoes are browned and tender., ingredients: [2 large potatoes, 2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Extra Spicy Seasoning Blend, 2 Tbsp. olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced], title: Spicy Steak Fries, picturelink: hPTK28V3evFMJszc.mKs9hFVqacj36}, 25615: {instructions: For the marinade: Place the red wine vinegar, apple cider vinegar, the mustards, and honey in a food processor. Turn it on and drizzle in the olive oil until fully incorporated emulsified. Marinate the chicken breasts overnight in this mixture.nPreheat grill or grill pan on high. Remove chicken breasts from the marinade and transfer to a plate. Season them with salt and pepper. Mark the chicken breasts by grilling them only long enough to make grill marks and then rotating them about 45 degrees to make crosshatch marks. Do this on 1 side only. The chicken breasts should still be completely raw inside. Hold breasts in refrigerator until ready to stuff.nFor the stuffing: Peel, core, and very roughly chop the apples. Melt the butter in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add the apples. Cook the apples for roughly 5 to 10 minutes or until they are deeply browned. Remove from heat and transfer to a mixing bowl. Add the fontina and cherries and mix. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nFor the chicken: Preheat your oven to 400 degrees F. Cut a slit in the side of each breast in the thicker part about 1inch wide, creating a pocket almost as large as the breast itself. Stuff the breasts with the apple stuffing mix u00bf cramming in as much as possible without ripping the breast. At this point the breasts are ready to bake and can either be held in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours or baked right away. When ready to bake, place on a baking sheet and bake for about 12 to 15 minutes or until an instantread thermometer registers 155 degrees F in the thickest part of the breast., ingredients: [2 ounces red wine vinegar, 3 ounces apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 4 teaspoons honey, 7 ounces olive oil, 8 chicken breasts, boneless and skinless, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 medium Fuji apples, 1 ounce unsalted butter, 6 12 ounces fontina cheese, shredded, 6 12 ounces dried bing cherries, roughly chopped], title: Caramelized Apple Stuffed Chicken Breast with Fontina and Bing Cherries, picturelink: null}, 25616: {instructions: Place potatoes in a medium saucepan, cover with cold water, and add salt. If using more than 1 variety, use a different saucepan for each to accommodate varying cooking times. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer and cook until fork tender, about 10 to 20 minutes.nWhile the potatoes cook, heat butter and oil in a medium skillet over high heat, and add onions. Reduce heat to medium, and saute until golden brown and slightly caramelized, 10 to 12 minutes.nDrain potatoes, and let cool briefly. With a paring knife, remove a decorative band of peel from the center section of each potato. Divide potatoes between 4 soup bowls and pour 34 cup buttermilk into each bowl. Top with caramelized onions, season with salt and pepper, and garnish with dill. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds potatoes, such as Gold Rush, Austrian Crescent, All Blue, and Red La Soda, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, plus more if needed, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 small onions, thinly sliced, 3 cups buttermilk, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped dill], title: Buttermilk Potato Soup, picturelink: null}, 25617: {instructions: Fill 2 lowball glasses with ice. Divide the ingredients, except cranberry juice, evenly among the glasses, and stir to combine. Top each drink with a splash of cranberry juice, garnish with lime wedges, and serve., ingredients: [Ice, 12 cup anejo tequila recommended: 1800, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 cup orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 14 cup citrus soda recommended: Orangina, 14 cup tonic water, 2 tablespoons cranberry juice, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Just Keep Livin Margarita, picturelink: null}, 25618: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 8 ounces snow peas, 1 bunch chopped scallions, a pinch of sugar and 14 cup water. Cover and simmer 2 minutes, then uncover and boil until the water evaporates, 2 more minutes. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Glazed Snow Peas, picturelink: nf7ruUbCSo3j9IgosARKW9VRe4nZS}, 25619: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDefrost spinach in microwave.nDrizzle a little oil on large plate and have a rack sitting on baking a sheet or slotted broiler pan nearby. Halve the bacon across and reserve on a meatsafe prep board. Halve the chicken tenders and slide into the dish with olive oil. Season with salt, pepper, poultry seasoning and paprika. Wring out the spinach in a clean dish towel and put the spinach in a small dish. Top each piece of chicken with a little spinach and wrap with bacon. Arrange, seem side down, on the baking pan. Bake until golden and firm, 18 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a few inches of salted water to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Have a large bowl of ice water, for shocking the vegetables, ready as well. Add the radishes to the boiling water and blanch for 1 minute, then remove them and shock in ice water. Repeat with the pepper removing them with tongs or small strainer or spider. Add the asparagus and cook until crisptender, about 2 to 3 minutes, then shock and reserve.nIf using fresh onions, add last and cook for 3 minutes to loosen skins. Shock them and use a towel to wipe away the skins.nArrange the meat, vegetables and pretzels around a fondue pot and serve with cubed bread in a basket.nPut the wine in a fondue pot and bring to a bubble over medium heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer. Add the lemon juice, then add the cheeses in handfuls, stirring in a figure8 motion with wooden spoon. When the cheese is fully melted, stir the cornstarch into the brandy, in a small bowl until smooth, then add to cheese. Season with nutmeg and cayenne and serve over a warming station for your fondue pot., ingredients: [1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 6 slices good quality smoky bacon, halved across recommended: Oscars from Warrensburg, 12 chicken tenders, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika, 1 bunch radishes, trimmed, 1 large red pepper, seeded and sliced 12inch thick sticks, 1 bundle white or thin green asparagus, trimmed, 1 sack purple pearl onions or 1 jar pickled pearl onions, drained, 1 jar mini gherkins, drained, 1 bag pretzel rods, Wholegrain or seeded bread, diced for dipping, Fondue with Apple Brandy, recipe follows, 1 34 cups dry white wine, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 34 pound Gruyere, shredded, 34 pound Emmentaler, shredded, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 13 cup apple brandy, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, Pinch cayenne pepper], title: Fondue Dippers: Bacon Wrapped Chicken with Spinach, Blanched Vegetables and Apples, picturelink: fjbiPAE0Kn.OKY5QSVVWQ0OlMUDlcdG}, 25620: {instructions: Brush both sides of bread slices with 1 tablespoon olive oil. Heat deep 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook bread, turning once, 3 minutes or until golden brown. Remove bread and set aside.nHeat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil with red pepper flakes in same saucepan over mediumhigh heat and cook onion, stirring occasionally, 4 minutes or until onion is tender. Stir in garlic and cook 30 seconds. Stir in wine and cook, stirring frequently, 1 minute. Stir in Sauce and bring just to a boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow and stir in mussels. Simmer covered 10 minutes or until mussels open. Discard any unopened shells. Evenly arrange garlic toasts in serving bowls, then top with mussel mixture and sprinkle with parsley.nSUBSTITUTION: Use 1lb. peeled and deveined shrimp instead of mussels and cook 3 minutes or until shrimp turn pink., ingredients: [8 slices 12 inch thick crusty Italian bread, 2 Tbsp. olive oil, divided, 14 tsp. crushed red pepper flakes optional, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 large clove garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup dry white wine OR chicken broth, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Vineyard Premium Collections Marinara with Burgundy Wine Sauce, 2 bags 2 lbs. ea. mussels, well scrubbed, 2 Tbsp. finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Mediterranean Mussels With Wine, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 25621: {instructions: Roughly chop 1 12 cups soft sundried tomatoes and 1 cup roasted red peppers and transfer to a medium bowl. Stack 6 basil leaves, roll into a tight cylinder and thinly slice. Add to the bowl. Mince 3 garlic cloves and add to the bowl. Add 1 cup crumbled feta cheese and 14 cup olive oil to the bowl, season with salt and pepper and toss. Arrange 20 to 24 crostini, crackers or baguette slices on a platter. Divide the mixture evenly among the crostini and drizzle with olive oil.nPhotograph by Marko MetzingerStudio DnPer Serving: Calories: 128 Total Fat: 4.5 grams Saturated Fat: 1.5 grams Protein: 4 grams Total carbohydrates: 17 grams Sugar: 3 grams Fiber: 1 gram Cholesterol: 7 milligrams Sodium: 356 milligrams, ingredients: [], title: Tomato Bruschetta, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 25622: {instructions: Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onions cook until soft and golden, about 10 minutes. Raise the heat to mediumhigh and continue cooking, stirring, until uniformly brown, 5 to 10 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nMix the pork, garlic and parsley in a bowl. Season the mixture with salt and pepper and form into 10 small patties, being careful not to pack them too tightly.nHeat a grill pan over medium heat grill the patties until mediumrare, about 4 minutes per side. Place a cheese slice on the bottom half of each roll top with a burger, some caramelized onions and the roll top.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound ground pork, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 10 small rolls, halved lengthwise, 10 slices chipotle gouda or pepper jack cheese], title: Mini Pork Cheeseburgers, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 25623: {instructions: Preheat oven 400 degrees F.nBrown sausage and onion over mediumhigh heat. Drain fat. Pat sausage with paper towel to remove residual fat. In a metal bowl, combine sausageonion mixture, cream cheese, salt and pepper. Stir until completely combined. With a small spoon, fill jalapeno halves with sausagecream cheese mixture. Place filled jalapeno halves on a foil lined baking sheet. Bake until golden brown and jalepenos appear to be slightly softened. This will take approximately 2535 minutes. Eat immediately or store leftovers in refrigerator and warm up in microwave., ingredients: [1 pound medium jalapenos, cut in half lengthwise, seeded, and deveined, 1 pound cream cheese, softened, 1 pound ground sausage, 1 medium white onion, finely chopped, 1 tsp salt, pepper to taste], title: Jalapeno Pork Poppers, picturelink: null}, 25624: {instructions: Simmer sausages in shallow boiling water to heat through, drain and wipe out, return to stove.nWhile the sausages simmer, slice the bacon into 12inch wide batons. Add a drizzle of olive oil to the pan and heat over mediumhigh heat. Thick cut the knocks on an angle and add them to the skillet and sear at the edges, remove the sausages and add the bacon and render until almost crisp but notquite. Remove the bacon from the skillet to paper towel to cool but reserve the drippings.nIn a casserole dish, stir together the beans, garlic, and shallots and season with lots of coarse black pepper. Smooth out in the dish and wipe down the sides of the dish. Nestle the chunks of knocks into the beans, arranging them all around the casserole and allowing them to peek up and out a bit. Dot the beans with thick Worcestershire sauce. Scatter the chiles and scallions and herbs over top of the casserole. Scatter the bacon over top and using a pastry brush, dot with some of the drippings. Cover and store for a makeahead meal.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBake the casserole in a hot oven on a baking sheet liner until the top surface is crispy in spots and bubbly all over.nSlice the brown bread into 1inch thick slices. On a heated griddle, melt 2 tablespoons butter and toast brown bread until slightly browned and crispy, flip the bread , and repeat., ingredients: [6 knockwurst sausages, sliced into thirds about 2inch pieces, 8 slices lean, good quality smoky bacon recommended: Oscars Smokehouse, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 2 16 to 18ounce cans good quality baked beans recommended: Bushs Grilling Baked Beans, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, Coarse black pepper, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce or steak sauce recommended: Lea and Perrins thick Worcestershire Sauce, 2 red chile peppers, Small bunch thin scallions, whites and greens thinly sliced on an angle, Couple small sprigs fresh thyme andor fresh marjoram, leaves picked and finely chopped, 1 can brown bread or brown bread with raisins, Softened butter], title: Knocks and Beans Supreme, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 25625: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLay out 1 large sheet about 16 inches by 12 inches of parchment paper. Place 4 asparagus spears in the center of the paper, then 1 fish fillet on top and then a slice of lemon. Season with salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon of lemon juice, 1 tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil and 1 sprig of thyme. Fold over the ends of the parchment paper to enclose the fish. Place on a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nBake in the oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until the fish reaches 130 to 135 degrees F on a thermometer., ingredients: [16 asparagus spears, trimmed 1 inch from end, Four 6ounce cod fillets, 1 lemon, sliced into 4 rounds, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup lemon juice, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 sprigs fresh thyme], title: PackageParceled Cod, picturelink: udSNVVGo5lRnGXURWpGhTgCptrCXT66}, 25626: {instructions: Mix together sugar and salt. Puree onions, carrots, peppers, lemons, and limes together in a food processor. Combine sugar mixture and puree. Add tequila. Pour half of the mixture into the bottom of a large pan. Coat flesh side of salmon with pepper. Place salmon in the pan skin side up. Cover salmon with remaining mixture and place another pan on top with plenty of weight. Refrigerate for 2 days.nTo serve, slice thinly and place on top of sweet corn cakes, Cachapas or Cuban crackers.nServing suggestion: sweet corn cakes cachapas or Cuban crackers., ingredients: [4 cups brown sugar, 6 cups salt, 2 red onions, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and roughly chopped, 3 red peppers, cored, seeded and roughly chopped, 3 green peppers, cored, seeded and roughly chopped, 3 yellow peppers, cored, seeded and roughly chopped, 2 lemons, cut into 8 wedges, 2 limes, cut into 8 wedges, 3 cups tequila, 1 8 to 10 pound salmon fillet, 1 cup black pepper, freshly ground], title: Tequila Cured Salmon, picturelink: null}, 25627: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and butter and flour an 8inch square baking pan, knocking out excess flour.nIn a heavy 1 12quart saucepan melt bittersweet and unsweetened chocolate and butter over low heat, stirring, until smooth and remove pan from heat. Cool mixture to lukewarm and whisk in sugar and vanilla. Add eggs, 1 at a time, whisking well until mixture is glossy and smooth. Stir in salt and flour just until combined and stir in chocolate chips.nSpread batter evenly in pan and bake in middle of oven 25 to 30 minutes, or until a tester comes out with crumbs adhering to it. Cool brownies completely in pan on a rack before cutting into 16 squares. Brownies keep, layered between sheets of waxed paper in an airtight container at cool room temperature, 5 days., ingredients: [3 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, chopped, 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: TripleChocolate Fudge Brownies, picturelink: null}, 25628: {instructions: Sift together flour, baking soda, sugar, and cocoa powder. Place into mixing bowl.nPut butter, oil, and water into a pot and melt over medium heat.nWhen butter has melted, pour into dry ingredients and mix on low speed until incorporated.nThen mix on medium speed while adding eggs, 1 at a time, and then sour cream. Continue to mix only until incorporated. Pour batter into greased and papered sheet pan 8 inch by 12 inch. Bake in a preheated 375degree F oven until firm to touch and releases from sides of the pan. Cool. Then invert onto back of another pan or onto a pastry or cutting board.nTake a round cutter, 12inchindiameter larger than the base of the pear. Cut out cake circles. Save rest of cake as snacks, cut into squares and dust with powdered sugar.nPlace cream in pan, place over medium high heat. Bring just to a boil. Remove immediately from stove. Pour in chopped chocolate. Stir until all chocolate pieces are melted. Cool slightly. Place cake circles on cooling rack placed on top of a pan to catch drippings. Pour glaze over cakes, being careful to fully cover top and sides.nPlace in refrigerator to harden. Once set, take spatula and carefully remove circles. Place on papered sheet pan. Roll out marzipan and cut it into a 34inch wide strip. Cut a decorative design on 1 side like waves or triangles. Wrap the strip, straight side on the bottom around the base of each glazed cake circle.nPlace cake circle in center of dessert plate. Pour reduced cool sauce around cake enough to coat plate nicely. Place Dipped Poached Pear in center on top of cake. If desired, take edible gold leaf and place in increments around cake on sauce.nMix together puree, liqueur, and sugar. Pour into saucepan. Set aside.nPeel pears, core out from bottom of pear using melon baller. Careful not to break or split the sides of the pear. Slice bottom of pear, to enable pear to stand straight up. Place pears standing up in puree mixture. Bring to boil, reduce heat to a simmer. Cover with aluminum foil, poach until tender, approximately 8 to 10 minutes, depending on ripeness of pears.nRemove pears from liquid and place on cooling rack. Remove poaching liquid from stove and cool.nOnce liquid is cold, place pears back into liquid and store, covered in refrigerator over night.nRemove pears from liquid reserve liquid for later use. Place on cooling rack to drain.nMelt chocolate in bowl over a pan of simmering water. Once pears have drained, pat dry, and dip into the melted chocolate, approximately 1inch up base of pear. Place on waxed paper to set chocolate.nPlace cooking liquid back into a saucepan, and bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer. Continue to simmer, reducing liquid to sauce consistency. Remove from stove and cool., ingredients: [13 ounces flour, sifted, 12 ounce baking soda, 18 ounces granulated sugar, 3 12 ounces cocoa powder, 5 ounces butter, 5 ounces canola oil, 10 ounces water, 3 eggs, 5 ounces sour cream, 10 ounces heavy cream, 9 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 4 ounces marzipan, Dipped Poached Pears, recipe follows, 8 ounces red currant puree, store bought or fresh, strained through cheese cloth, 4 ounces raspberry liqueur, 3 teaspoons granulated sugar, 4 Bosc pears, ripe, peeled, corded, 4 ounce semisweet chocolate, melted], title: Poached Pears in Red Currant Sauce with Chocolate Decadence Cake, picturelink: null}, 25629: {instructions: Combine pineapple juice, soy sauce, brown sugar and garlic with 1 tablespoon provided sesame ginger dressing in small sauce pan. Bring to boil and reduce to 13.nHeat the grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat brush grill lightly with oil or spray with nonstick vegetable cooking spray.nBaste chicken with pineapple mixture. Grill chicken, turning once and continuing to baste, 10 to 12 minutes or until no longer pink in center.nSlice chicken. Place salad blend in large bowl with provided accompaniments and toss with remaining dressing.nArrange salad on plates top with bell pepper, onion, and chicken., ingredients: [14 cup DOLEu00ae Pineapple Juice, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon packed brown sugar, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 8 oz. boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 pkg. DOLE All Natural Asian Island Crunchu2122 Salad Kit, 1 cup red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 14 cup DOLEu00ae Red Onion, thinly sliced], title: Asian Island Grilled Chicken Salad, picturelink: 9JauTC98Ln2LAC7z3OKj.YK1v17GxKa}, 25630: {instructions: Squeeze the juice from 1 half of the lime into a bowl. Add the olive oil and cilantro and whisk well. Add the mango, red pepper, onion, jalapeno, and lime zest and toss to coat. Gently stir in the crabmeat to keep it from breaking up. Set aside while preparing the avocados.nCut the avocados in half and remove pit. Squeeze the remaining lime half over the avocado flesh, using the lime half to spread it evenly, in order to keep them from turning black.nToss the crab salad, check for seasoning, and mound into the avocado halves, dividing it evenly. Use an ice cream scoop for neat, even rounds, if thats your thing. Serve right away., ingredients: [1 lime, zest finely grated, lime cut in 12, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 12 mango, peeled and cut into 14inch dice about 1 cup, 13 cup diced 14inch red bell peppers, 13 cup diced 14inch red onion, 12 jalapeno, stemmed and cut into small dice about 2 tablespoons, 12 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 3 Hass avocados], title: Avocado Stuffed with CrabMango Salad, picturelink: null}, 25631: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and set aside.n2. Butter one side of each piece of bread. Place 4 slices, butteredside down, on prepared baking sheet. Layer half of cheese slices on bread followed by bacon and scallions. Place remaining cheese slices on top. Cover each sandwich with remaining 4 slices of bread, buttered side up.n3. Bake sandwiches until bottoms are a toasted golden brown, about 10 minutes. Flip and continue to bake until cheese melts and other side is toasted, 8 to 10 more minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 8 slices potato sandwich bread, 8 ounces sliced Cheddar cheese, 8 slices crisply cooked bacon, 4 scallions, halved lengthwise and cut into 1 inch pieces], title: Oven Grilled Bacon Cheddar Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 25632: {instructions: Special equipment: A Belgian waffle ironnFor the glutenfree flour blend: In a large bowl, whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt.nFor the waffles: In another large bowl, whisk together 1 12 cups of the glutenfree flour blend, sugar, baking powder and salt. Reserve the remaining glutenfree flour blend for another use.nPreheat a Belgian waffle iron to mediumhigh and grease with glutenfree cooking spray. In a small bowl, whisk together the milk, eggs, oil and vanilla stir into the flour mixture until combined. Stir in the chocolate chips, then lightly fold in the cookie crumbs.nPour a heaping 13 cup of batter into each waffle iron square, pushing the batter out to the edges scatter over some of the larger cookie pieces. Close the waffle iron and cook until crisp, about 4 minutes. Cook the remaining waffles and top with whipped cream, chocolate syrup and more cookie pieces., ingredients: [3 cups 435 grams white rice flour, 1 12 cups 187 grams tapioca flour, 34 cup 123 grams potato starch, 1 tablespoon 8 grams xanthan gum, 1 12 teaspoons 5 grams salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Glutenfree cooking spray, for greasing, 1 12 cups milk, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 13 cup canola oil, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 14 cup white chocolate chips, 13 cup finely crushed glutenfree sandwichstyle cookies, such as Glutino, plus larger pieces for scattering and topping, Whipped cream, for topping, Chocolate syrup, for topping], title: GlutenFree CookiesnCream Waffles, picturelink: HlWrUyHrZy1nMt4J4Ye94GGBhPO3Cne}, 25633: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd 1 tablespoon of salt to a large pot of water and bring it to a boil.nMeanwhile, melt the butter and olive oil in a large 12inch saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and saute for 5 to 10 minutes, tossing often, until the mushrooms are cooked and the liquid has evaporated.nTransfer the mushrooms to a bowl and rinse out the pan.nPour the cream into the saute pan and heat it over medium heat until it simmers. Add the truffle butter, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper, lower the heat to very low and swirl the butter until it melts. Keep warm over very low heat.nMeanwhile, add the pasta to the boiling water and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Drain the pasta in a colander and add it to the truffle cream. Add the chives and mushrooms and toss well with tongs. Stir in the Parmesan. Serve hot in shallow bowls, garnished with extra chives and Parmesan.nNote: This recipe was doubled for filming., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepperKosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon good olive oil, 12 ounces cremini mushrooms, stems removed, caps sliced 14inch thick, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 ounces white truffle butter, 8.82 ounces fresh fettuccine, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, plus extra for garnish, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish], title: Fettuccine with White Truffle Butter and Mushrooms, picturelink: K4s0HNn5NcQuZrg6jnjHt3dPCc.rLJ.}, 25634: {instructions: Heat a large skillet to high heat and add the oil. Wait 1 or 2 minutes for it to come up to the smoking point. Add the onion and garlic and toss furiously so that the garlic doesnt burn. When the onions become translucent add the mushrooms and toss until all mushrooms are golden brown and caramelized. Remove from the heat. Add butter and thyme and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately.nCooks Note: Never run mushrooms directly under water they will absorb water like a sponge, and your saute will be far too soggy. Instead, using a slightly damp paper towel, wipe mushrooms down. Alternatively, use pastry brush and dust the dirt from the mushrooms., ingredients: [18 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 cup sliced white onion, 1 cup sliced button mushrooms, 1 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup cleaned and sliced portobello mushrooms, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 25635: {instructions: Place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. Grill until caramelcolored grill marks appear, and an instantread meat thermometer registers 125 degrees F. for mediumrare, about 5 to 7 minutes per side, depending on thickness.nMeanwhile, place the wine in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Boil gently until reduced to 1 cup, about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat. Whisk in the honey until dissolved. Add the extravirgin olive oil, rosemary, salt, and pepper. Whisk to combine.nServe the lamb chops on a platter with a serving bowl of the Chianti vinaigrette alongside for drizzling over the meat.nI like the tanginess of the reduced wine with the lamb., ingredients: [4 to 6 lamb rib or loin chops, 2 cups Chianti or other red wine, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning], title: Lamb with Chianti Vinaigrette, picturelink: Qtq8XOQNGMfNTrspchcmIF8zYJUyy}, 25636: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan, bring the soaked beans, ham hock, bay leaf, garlic, jalapeno, and 5 cups of water to a boil over high heat. Cover the pan, reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 2 hours or until beans are tender. If the beans absorb too much water, add 1 cup of water after 1 hour and continue cooking Beans mixture should remain soupy while cooking. Turn off the heat.nCook the bacon in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until almost crisp, about 10 minutes. Add onion and cook for about 3 minutes or until translucent. Transfer bacon and onion mixture to the pot with the beans. Wipe pan clean. In same pan cook chorizo over medium heat until crisp, about 1 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the chorizo and drain on paper towels. Add to the beans. Season lightly with salt, if necessary. Stir the beans over mediumhigh heat until heated through. Remove the bay leaf and ham hock and discard. Ladle into bowls and serve.nCooks Note: In place of soaking the beans, you can use 3 15ounce cans rinsed and drained pinto beans. Proceed as above but reduce the cooking time to 1 hour., ingredients: [2 cups pinto beans, cleaned, soaked overnight in a nonreactive bowl and drained liquid discarded, 1 ham hock, 1 bay leaf, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 whole jalapeno chile, 5 cups water, 23 cup finely chopped white onion,, 2 slices thickcut bacon, finely chopped, 4 ounces pork chorizo, casing removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cowboy Beans, picturelink: r4O8TGeV93iyTBdNC2NcIP7YLvE6S}, 25637: {instructions: Rinse ham in cold water. In a small saucepan, bring 1 cup of cold water to a boil over high heat. Add ham and return to boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow, cover and simmer 20 minutes. Drain ham, set aside to cool. Slice into paperthin slices, then stack a few at a time and cut into julienne strips to make about 12 cup. Soak mushrooms in 12cup cold water for about 30 minutes. When softened, drain and squeeze mushrooms dry, reserving the liquid. Cut off and discard stems, and thinly slice caps. Cut chicken into scant 12inch thick slices and place in medium bowl. Add mushrooms, ginger, rice wine, thin soy sauce, black soy sauce, cornstarch, sesame oil, sugar and pepper and mix with hands to combine. Place rice in a 2quart saucepan. Wash the rice in several changes of cold water, until water runs clear. Drain. Level the rice and add enough cold water to cover by 1 inch or add 1 34 cups of water. Bring to a boil, covered, over high heat, never stirring. Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, 7 to 10 minutes or until water almost completely evaporates. Meanwhile, stir 1tablespoon vegetable oil into the chicken mixture and combine thoroughly. Heat a 14inch flatbottomed wok or skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking. Add the remaining 1tablespoon vegetable oil to the wok, and carefully add chicken mixture, spreading it in wok. Cook undisturbed 1 minute, letting chicken begin to brown. Then, using a metal spatula, stirfry 1 minute, or until chicken is lightly browned on all sides but not cooked through. Add mushroom liquid and ham and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Uncover rice and quickly spread chicken mixture and scallion over it. Immediately recover rice and cook 5 to 10 minutes more, or until chicken is just cooked through and rice is tender. Bring the pot to the table and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ounce piece Smithfield ham, 1 cup cold water, 8 Chinese dried mushrooms, 8 ounces skinless, boneless chicken breast or thigh, 2 tablespoons finely shredded ginger, 1 tablespoon Shao Hsing rice cooking wine, 1 tablespoon thin soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons black soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 14 teaspoon sugar, 18 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 cup long grain rice, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 scallion, finely julienned], title: Tender Chicken on Rice, picturelink: null}, 25638: {instructions: Pork: In medium bowl, add soy and oyster sauce, ginger and garlic, and sesame oil. Add pork and let marinate for 1 hour in the refrigerator.nHeat grill to mediumhigh, and grill pork on both sides until done. Heat remaining marinade to 165 degrees F and use to baste meat as it cooks. When meat is almost cooked through, glaze both sides with sweet and sour sauce and let finish cooking while sauce caramelizes on meat. Remove from grill, allow to stand for 10 minutes, and cut into 12inch pieces.nRice: While pork is standing, heat oil in wok or large skillet on high heat until oil almost begins to smoke. Add ginger, as well as all vegetables except garlic. Cook for 3 minutes, or until vegetables are cooked, then add garlic. Before garlic browns, add rice and mix rapidly so rice does not stick to sides of wok or pan.nOnce entire mixture is thoroughly combined, pour beaten eggs over rice and vegetables, and toss again rapidly until all egg is cooked. Add the soy sauce, oyster sauce, and sesame oil. Mix thoroughly and then add pork.nGarnish with green onions and sesame seeds. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 pound pork tenderloin, 14 cup sweet and sour sauce, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 12 cup diced red bell pepper, 12 cup diced yellow bell pepper, 1 cup diced red onion, 12 cup thinly sliced green cabbage, 12 cup thinly sliced snap peas, 12 cup peeled, diced carrot, 12 cup diced celery, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 6 cups shortgrain white rice, cooked and cooled, 3 eggs, beaten, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 12 cup chopped green onion, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds], title: BBQ Pork Fried Rice, picturelink: GHVcC6UfHVenZH0rzbfCe9R0CroSLu6}, 25639: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium. Make the foil packets: Tear off twenty 20inchlong pieces of heavyduty foil. For each packet, stack 2 sheets of foil and pull up the edges to form a bowl shape put about 10 clams in each packet.nDivide the shallots, garlic and parsley among the packets. Drizzle each with about 3 tablespoons wine and top with 2 tablespoons butter season with salt and pepper. Gather the edges of the foil at the top and crimp to seal.nPlace the packets on the grill and cook 10 to 12 minutes, or until the clams open. Discard any unopened clams. Serve straight from the packet garnish with thyme.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [10 to 12 pounds about 100 littleneck or Manila clams, scrubbed, 4 shallots, thinly sliced, 8 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 cups white wine, 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Thyme sprigs, for garnish], title: White WineSteamed Clams, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 25640: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring to a boil the sugar, water, and vanilla bean. Once it boils add the frozen peaches and lemon juice and let them sit in the hot syrup 5 minutes. Remove the vanilla bean and puree the liquid. Strain into a shallow pan and freeze overnight. Scrape the next day and store in a container in the freezer until ready to serve the floats.nTo serve the floats, place a spoonful of the scraped peach granita in a small juice glass. Top with 6 or so fresh blueberries. Pour tonic water over to cover and serve with a straw, cut the straw shorter, if needed, to fit the glass., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 cups water, 1 vanilla bean, split, 2 cups frozen peaches, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 pint blueberries, 16 ounces tonic water], title: Blueberry Peach Float, picturelink: null}, 25641: {instructions: To make the noodles: Mix baking soda and water in a bowl. Then, mix salt and flour together. Add water mixture to the flour and salt and mix until it becomes a soft and pliable dough. Leave the dough to rest for about 30 to 50 minutes.nPut the dough on a board and, with 2 hands, knead the dough for 15 to 20 minutes, stretching the dough into a rope, and using both hands, swinging it until it stretches. Divide the dough into 5 lumps of dough. Using some dry flour, double it up again and again, spinning it, until it turns into a set of noodles. Set aside.nTo make the beef: Put all of the ingredients in a pot and cook for about 1 hour over low heat. Remove from the heat and let the beef cool until it is cool enough to be handled. Slice the beef.nTo make the soup: In a mixing pot, combine the chicken bone, beef bone, water and cook for about 90 minutes. Throw the bones away and keep the soup. Then, put the pepper, ground ginger, salt, sesame oil and chicken spice in the soup. Bring the soup to a boil. Cook the noodles for 1 minute in the boiling soup. Add the sliced beef, parsley, and bean sprouts and serve., ingredients: [34 teaspoon baking soda, 16 ounces water, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 15 pounds flour, 2 14 pounds beef, 3 12 ounces salt, 4 12 pints water, Pinch cassia bark or Chinese cinnamon, Pinch Chinese prickly ash, Pinch ginger, Pinch fennel, Pinch clove, 12 pound chicken bones, 1 pound beef bone, 1 gallon, plus 48 ounces water, 2 teaspoons pepper, 4 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 teaspoons sesame oil, 3 teaspoons chicken spice, 1 bunch parsley, chopped, 12 pound bean sprouts], title: Dragging Noodles with Beef and Bean Sprouts in Soup, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 25642: {instructions: If using 6 to 8 limes instead of lime juice, put water in blender or food processor, set processor on puree, and with processor running drop lime slices in, one at a time. Key limes are very tough  do not drop in too many at one time. Drop in 8 to 10 slices, maybe more if you have a really powerful blender or processor. Process completely, then pour through strainer into another container. Make sure to press out all of the juice, discard lime remains then pour the lime juice back into blender. Again, drop in lime slices, repeating the above process until you have processed all of the limes. Set aside 1 cup of the resulting lime juice.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBlend key lime juice with the sweetened condensed milk. Add the sour cream. In a separate container, beat the eggs, then add to the key lime mixture and beat for 1 minute. Pour mixture into the graham cracker crust. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool pie completely, about 1 hour. Top with whipped topping and put in freezer. Freeze at least 3 hours. Serve straight from freezer. Cutting the pie is made easier by wetting a knife in hot water before slicing., ingredients: [1 cup key lime juice, or regular lime juice, or 6 to 8 key limes, quartered, 16 ounces water, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs, One 9inch graham cracker crust, 8 ounces whipped topping], title: Kristis Key Lime Pie, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 25643: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPour the oil into a 10inch nonstick skillet and place over medium high heat for 2 minutes. Meanwhile, add the salt, pepper, parsley, chives, basil and oregano to the eggs and beat well. Pour the egg mixture into the hot skillet, reduce the heat to medium and cook about 3 minutes, occasionally pulling the egg away from the sides of the pan. Add the red peppers and goat cheese, remove the skillet from the heat and slide it into top half of the oven. Cook until the center of the frittata is set, about 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool 10 minutes. Slide the spatula around the edges of the pan, working underneath the frittata a bit. Shake the pan to loosen the bottom and gently slide onto a serving platter. Slice into 12 wedges, garnish with basil leaves and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt, Generous pinch freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 12 eggs, beaten, 12 cup sliced roasted red peppers, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese, Fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Roasted Red Pepper and Fresh Herb Frittata, picturelink: jWgHnhcjs7RqrJ7gz1nQKY2ZXA.Cyqu}, 25644: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large saucepan over medium heat until crisp, about 5 minutes. Stir in the shallots and half of the dill and cook until the shallots are soft, about 3 minutes.nAdd the potatoes, carrots, 4 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt. Increase the heat to medium high, cover and bring to a simmer. Cook until the potatoes and carrots are almost tender, about 6 minutes. Add the mushrooms and Brussels sprouts and cook until all of the vegetables are tender, about 6 more minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the egg yolks, halfandhalf and wine in a small bowl.nReduce the heat to medium low, add the salmon and cook until opaque, 2 to 3 minutes. Gently stir in the egg mixture and cook until the soup thickens slightly, 1 to 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Divide among bowls and top with the remaining dill.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, 6 shallots, chopped, 13 cup chopped fresh dill, 3 medium Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced, 6 medium carrots, diced, Kosher salt, 1 10ounce package sliced white mushrooms, 10 ounces Brussels sprouts, halved quartered if large, 2 large egg yolks, 1 cup halfandhalf, 3 tablespoons dry white wine or fresh lemon juice, 34 pound skinless salmon fillet, cut into 2inch pieces, Freshly ground pepper], title: SalmonVegetable Chowder, picturelink: 2FTPnYfleE.hHZDIDdOd.8l.6m8OWI.}, 25645: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSet a medium ovensafe pot over moderate heat and add bacon. Cook until most of the fat is rendered out and the bacon is crisp. Prepare a plate with paper towels, and using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon from the pot to the plate. Set about a quarter of the bacon aside, for garnish.nAdd the onions, garlic and ginger to the pot, and saute until soft and golden. Add the tomato paste and cook until the tomato paste deepens in color, about another minute.nNext add the root beer, cider vinegar, molasses, grainy mustard, red pepper flakes and garam masala. Stir to combine. Then add the beans and bacon, and gently stir so the beans dont lose their shape. Taste for salt and pepper, then pop into the oven, uncovered, until the mixture thickens, about 30 minutes. Remove the beans from the oven, let it cool slightly, and sprinkle with reserved bacon and serve.nCombine the cinnamon sticks, cloves, green cardamom seeds, black cardamom seeds, if using into a spice grinder or coffee grinder and grind until fine. Store the spice mix in an airtight container away from direct sunlight., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 large white onion, finely diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Two 12ounce bottles root beer, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons molasses, 1 tablespoon grainy mustard, Hefty pinch red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon garam masala, store bought or homemade, recipe follows, Four 14ounce cans cannellini beans white kidney beans, rinsed and drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 large cinnamon sticks if you have the kind you get at Indian stores, its about 3 tablespoons of cinnamon bark bits, 3 tablespoons whole cloves, 14 cup green cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 2 tablespoons of seeds, 4 large black cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 1 tablespoon of seeds, optional], title: Root Beer Baked Beans, picturelink: Ywlu3XMeGJ3.cG0jeFhv1fFZp1pZke}, 25646: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a food processor, pulse the coconut until coarsely ground and transfer to a shallow bowl. Mix coconut with bread crumbs, curry powder, and salt, and set aside. Beat egg whites until slightly foamy. Dip shrimp in egg whites and coat with coconut mixture. Repeat to form a double coating. Place shrimp on rack placed within a sheet pan and bake for 10 minutes. Garnish with lime wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 cup shredded, sweetened coconut flakes, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 egg whites, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Crispy Curried Coconut Shrimp, picturelink: q4Q7VZGJZpTv9YPYjuNgOv3ISR22YkO}, 25647: {instructions: Soak onions in milk and water for 30 minutes to remove some of the harshness. Drain and spread on towels.nPreheat oil to 350 to 370 degrees. Dip onions in batter and fry, for about 5 minutes until light brown drain on absorbent paper.nTo fry mushrooms, cut stems 14inch below caps. Wipe caps clean with paper and sprinkle with lemon juice and salt. Heat vegetable oil to 375 degrees. Dip mushrooms in fritter batter and fry, 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 onion, cut into 14inch slices, 12 mushrooms, 12 cup milk combined with 12 cup water, Fritter batter see below, Peanut or vegetable oil, Juice, Salt], title: French Fried Onions and Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 25648: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 F.nScore the surface of the ham in a diamond pattern about 18inch deep. Place cloves in the middle of each diamond. Bake the ham for 2 to 212 hours, or longer, depending on the package directions.nHeat the brown sugar, mustard, vinegar and soda in a small saucepan until bubbly. Cook until thick, about 15 minutes.nAfter 2 hours of baking time, brush the glaze on the ham in 20 minutes intervals until its nice and glossy., ingredients: [1 fully cooked ham, bonein 18 to 20 pounds, Whole cloves, 3 cups brown sugar, 12cup spicy brown mustard, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 can soda, such as Dr. Pepper], title: Glazed Baked Ham, picturelink: ECVaMD69JvD89hw83hFtSBCAgmmK}, 25649: {instructions: Peel, core and slice apples. Layer apples and sausage on the bottom of a 9 by 13 by 2inch casserole dish and dot with butter. Then layer the onions, potatoes, bell peppers and zucchini. Bake in a preheated 300 degree oven for 1 hour. Once casserole is cooked, cover the top with cheese and bake until melted., ingredients: [6 Granny Smith or Jonathan apples, peeled, cored and thinly sliced, 2 pounds precooked bratwurst or kielbasa, 2 teaspoons butter, or to taste, 1 small onion, diced, 2 medium potatoes, peeled, sliced thin, 1 green bell pepper, seeded, diced, 2 zucchini, sliced thin, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella or Jack cheese optional], title: German Style Sausage Apple Bake, picturelink: null}, 25650: {instructions: Make the creme anglaise: Combine the halfandhalf, crushed nutmeg, and vanilla pod and seeds in a medium saucepan and bring just to a boil over medium heat. Remove from the heat and let steep 5 minutes.nWhisk the egg yolks and sugar in a bowl. Slowly whisk in the warm halfandhalf mixture, then pour the egg mixture into the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the creme anglaise just begins to thicken, about 10 minutes. Strain and refrigerate until cold, about 4 hours.nMake the cocktails: Combine the sugar and grated nutmeg on a plate. Dip the rims of 8 martini glasses in water, then in the sugar mixture. Combine half each of the creme anglaise, brandy, rum and bourbon in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake well and strain into 4 glasses. Repeat to make 4 more cocktails.nPhotograph by James Wojcik, ingredients: [2 cups halfandhalf, 12 whole nutmeg, crushed with a heavy pan, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped out, 6 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 ounces brandy, 2 ounces rum, 2 ounces bourbon], title: Eggnogaritas, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 25651: {instructions: Heat broiler on high. Season steak on both sides with salt and pepper and brush with olive oil to lightly coat. Place in broiler pan, and transfer to the broiler. Broil for 15 minutes, turn, and continue to broil for another 10 minutes for mediumrare. Remove from broiler, and let rest for 8 to 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 28ounce ribeye steak on the bone, 2 12 inches thick, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Roasted RibEye For Two, picturelink: null}, 25652: {instructions: Pour the Curacao into a martini or shot glass. Add Stoli and Sweet and Sour to a shaker and shake the heck out of it, until the Sweet and Sour foams white at the top, pour into glass. Carefully pour the grenadine down the side of the glass. It has so much sugar in it it will sink to the bottom, giving you tricolor layers., ingredients: [1 oz. Curacao, 1 oz. Stoli vodka, 1 oz. Sweet and Sour, 12 oz. grenadine], title: Red, White and Blue Shooter, picturelink: null}, 25653: {instructions: Sweat 12 head chopped cabbage and 2 each chopped celery stalks, leeks, carrots and parsnips in oil. Add thyme, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, a bay leaf and 10 cups beef broth simmer 30 minutes. Add 4 diced roasted beets and 2 cups shredded cooked beef simmer 15 minutes. Top with sour cream and dill.nSee all 50 Easy Soups, ingredients: [], title: Beef Borscht, picturelink: YNzHVekoIz23qkGKoeloj3b5C8fCi}, 25654: {instructions: Buttermilk Biscuits: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Have all ingredients well chilled. Place all dry ingredients and shortening in bowl of an electric mixer with paddle attachment. Mix until crumbly, then add buttermilk and mix just until dough comes together. Gently roll out dough to 34inch thickness and cut with round cutter. Glaze with egg wash or milk and bake for 15 to 20 minutes.nSplit the biscuits in half horizontally. Toss the strawberries with the balsamic vinegar and half the honey. Set aside. Whip the cream in a small mixing bowl to soft peaks. Add the remaining honey and whip to stiff peaks. Spoon the strawberries over the bottom half of each biscuit. Be sure to pour some of the balsamichoney sauce over each biscuit as well. Spoon the whipped cream over the strawberries and finish by placing the top half of each biscuit on the cream. Garnish with mint., ingredients: [4 medium buttermilk biscuits, recipe follows, 2 cups strawberries, hulled and halved, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup honey, 14 cup light whipping cream, 4 sprigs fresh mint, 2 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk, Egg wash or milk, for glazing], title: Strawberry Shortcake with Balsamic Honey, picturelink: null}, 25655: {instructions: In large bowl combine scallions, cabbage, ginger, and pork. Mix well with a fork and season with salt. Add egg white to bind mixture together. Place a spoonful of meat mixture on top of a wonton wrapper. Wet edge of wrapper with fingertips, make pleats on one side, fold over and seal closed. Continue with remaining meat. In large skillet heat oil. Brown dumplings in oil on one side. When bottoms are brown and crispy, add water. Cover pan and steam over medium heat for 8  10 minutes, until dumplings are cooked through. Serve with soy sauce for dipping., ingredients: [2 scallions, minced, 1 cup finely chopped green cabbage, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 12 pound ground pork, Salt, 1 egg white, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 package wonton skins], title: Pork Gyoza, picturelink: null}, 25656: {instructions: Pop the kernels according to package directions and transfer to a large serving bowl.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Mix in the remaining ingredients until well combined. Pour the spiced butter over the popcorn and toss until evenly coated. Serve.nCopyright 2009, Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [12 cup popcorn kernels, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Spiced Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 25657: {instructions: Remove angel food cake from container and set on a plate. With a serrated knife, carefully remove the top of the cake by slicing horizontally 12inch down from the top. Set top aside.nHollow out the center of the cake. If cake already has a hollow center ring, make a canal around center hole by carefully cutting and removing a 1inch deep trench around the entire cake. Be careful not to tear the inside or outside walls. Place the removed pieces of cake in a medium bowl.nPick out 1 strawberry to use as garnish the best looking one and set aside. To the bowl with the cake pieces, add the remaining strawberries, chopped mint, orange liqueur, and 12 cup of the whipped topping. Fold until combined.nFill cake, both the well and the center, with the strawberry mixture. Replace the top of the cake that had been set aside.nTo the remaining whipped topping, add a few drops of orange extract and combine thoroughly. This will remove the storebought taste. Frost the cake with remaining whipped topping and garnish with fresh mint leaves. Top with reserved strawberry.nChill cake for 4 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 storebought angel food cake, 16 ounces frozen strawberries, thawed and drained, 1 tablespoon fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur, 8 ounces nondairy whipped topping, 14 teaspoon orange extract, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Angel Food Cake with Strawberries and Mint, picturelink: null}, 25658: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the oil and heat until shimmering. Rub the fish with the chili powder and season with salt. Carefully lay fish, skinnedside up in the skillet Cook the fish turning once until brown, crisp, and just firm, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Transfer the salmon to a serving platter and tent with foil to finish cooking, about 5 minutes more.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, skinned, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Chili Rubbed Salmon, picturelink: ddpcCST.KthvbOCPRnXY2P7Pyd4fmS}, 25659: {instructions: Day 1. Prepare the rind:nCut the watermelon into 34inch slices. Trim the rind away from the pink flesh make sure no pink is left on the rind. Trim away the outer skin. Cut the rind into approximately 34inch cubes. Toss with the pickling salt in a large bowl and refrigerate overnight.nDay 2. Prepare the jars and lids:nWash all jars and lids thoroughly with soap and water and rinse well. Fill your canner with enough water to cover the jars by at least 1 inch and bring to a simmer. Using a pair of canning tongs, lower the jars in gently, tilting them to fill with the hot water. In a small saucepan, keep some water warm but not boiling place the lids in the water. Have an additional kettle of water on to boil.nPickle the rind:nRinse the rind thoroughly and drain, twice. In a large stockpot, combine the vinegar, sugar and cloves, and bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar is completely dissolved. Add the rind to the brine, bring back to the boil, reduce to a low boil and cook uncovered until the rind is translucent, about 20 minutes.nFill and close the jars:nUsing canning tongs, remove the jars from the canner, carefully pouring the water back into the canner. Set next to the stockpot with the pickled rind. Turn the heat under the canner to high. Use a ladle to pour the pickled rind into the jars through a canning funnel, leaving 12inch headspace at the top. Run a clean chopstick around the inside of the jar to dislodge any trapped air. Wipe the rims of the jars with a damp paper towel. Place the lids on, and screw on the rings until just fingertight.nSeal the jars:nUsing canning tongs, gently transfer the jars to the canner, taking care to keep them vertical. When all the jars are in the canner, there should be at least 1 inch water covering them if you need more, add water from the kettle until the jars are sufficiently covered. Bring the water to a full rolling boil, and process for 5 minutes.nRemove and cool:nUsing canning tongs, gently remove the jars from the canner and transfer them to a kitchen towel or cooling rack, again keeping them vertical. Do not set hot jars directly on to cool counter surfaces. Leave to cool, undisturbed, for at least 12 hours. If any of the jars do not seal when cool, reprocess using the method above, or refrigerate and use immediately.nLabel and store:nAdd a label to the lid or side of your jar, noting the date it was canned. Remove the rings and store jars in a cool, dark place for 3 weeks before opening. Jars can be stored for up to a year. Refrigerate after opening., ingredients: [8 lbs watermelon rind, 1 c. pickling salt, 4 12 c. cider vinegar, 6 lbs sugar, 40 cloves], title: Watermelon Rind Pickles, picturelink: E.5Tl0PxtaJgZNdLqTe1I80sB7G3su}, 25660: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace potatoes in a saucepan, cover with water and bring to a boil. Boil just until potatoes begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Drain well. Place potatoes on a baking sheet and drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and season, to taste, with salt and pepper and toss well to coat. Make sure potatoes are in 1 layer and then place in the oven and roast until golden brown and tender, about 10 minutes. Alternately, toss raw potatoes with 1 tablespoon olive oil and salt and pepper, to taste, and spread on a baking sheet. Roast 30 minutes, or until golden brown and tender.nPlace a grill pan on the stove over mediumhigh heat. Coat chicken all over with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, salt and black pepper. Place the chicken on the grill pan and cook about 4 to 5 minutes per side, until cooked through.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan, combine Puttanesca Sauce, onion, raisins, vinegar and brown sugar. Set pan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Simmer 10 minutes, until sauce thickens and reduces.nPlace broccoli florets in a microwavesafe bowl. Add 3 tablespoons water, cover and microwave for 3 to 4 minutes, until tender.nServe sauce over chicken. Serve potatoes and broccoli on the side.nPuttanesca Sauce:n2 teaspoons olive or vegetable oiln1 medium onion, choppedn2 tablespoons minced garlicn2 28ounce cans crushed tomatoesn1 cup pitted Greek kalamata olives, halvedn3 tablespoons drained capersn2 teaspoons anchovy pasten12 teaspoon saltn12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakesn12 cup red wine, optionanHeat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and saute 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, olives, capers, anchovy paste, salt, and red pepper flakes and stir to combine. Add the wine and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 Idaho potatoes, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Salt and ground black pepper, 4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, 1 cup Puttanesca Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup chopped red onion, 12 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 2 cups broccoli florets], title: Puttanesca Chutney over Chicken with Potatoes and Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 25661: {instructions: In a large bowl, dissolve the yeast with the milk. Allow it to proof in a warm place for 10 minutes. Mix in the flour and eggs, beating well until dough is smooth. Cover the bowl, and let rise at room temperature for 45 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush 6 individual savarin molds or ramekins with butter.nMix 5 tablespoons softened butter, the salt, and sugar into the dough, slapping it against the sides of the bowl. Fill molds almost full with the dough. Let the dough rise until molds are full. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until golden brown and a small knife or wooden skewer can be inserted in cake and removed cleanly.nTo make the syrup: Combine the sugar and water in a saucepan over high heat. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Remove from heat and cool until lukewarm. Add the vanilla and rum.nBrush the cakes with the syrup, let it soak in, then brush again. Repeat until all the syrup is used or the cakes will absorb no more syrup. Place the soaked cakes on individual plates. Garnish with Blood Orange Marmalade and whipped mascarpone.nSlice the fruit very thin on a slicer or with a very sharp blade, removing all seeds as you go.nYou should have approximately 2 12 pounds of fruit. For every pound of fruit add 2 pints of water in a large heavy bottomed pot. Add the vanilla beans and cinnamon. Bring to a boil and cook until the fruit skin is tender, approximately 10 minutes. Remove from heat, cool and refrigerate overnight.nWeigh the fruit and water mixture. You should have approximately 5 pounds. For each pound of fruit and water, add 1 pound of sugar. Bring to a boil and then continue to cook over medium heat, stirring frequently. To test, drip a small amount of the syrup onto a cool plate. When its the consistency of honey at room temperature, it is ready about 1 hour or more. Remove from heat and allow to cool. Leftover marmalade will keep in the refrigerator for several weeks., ingredients: [1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 13 cup warm milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus additional for buttering molds, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, Blood Orange Marmalade, recipe follows, 1 cup whipped mascarpone, for garnish, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup water, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup dark rum, 24 blood oranges, 8 Meyer lemons, 2 star anise, Water, measured according to weight of fruit, approximately 5 pints, 2 vanilla beans, split and scraped, 1 cinnamon stick, Sugar, measured according to weight of fruit, approximately 5 pounds], title: Rum Cakes, picturelink: null}, 25662: {instructions: Put the applesauce in a small saucepan and warm briefly over low heat. Sprinkle the yeast over the applesauce and set aside until it begins to foam, about 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl mix the flours, spices and salt. Make a well in the center and spoon the yeast mixture into the well. Using fingertips gradually work the flour into the yeast mixture while adding the hard cider. When the dough comes together in a ball, turn it out onto a floured board and knead it until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. Shape the dough into a ball. Place it in an oiled bowl, cover and let it rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 12 hours.nButter two 4 cup loaf pans. Punch down the dough and divide it in half. Shape each half into an oval loaf and transfer the loaves to prepared pans. Cover, and let rise again until the dough fills the pans, 1 12 to 2 hours. Alternately chill the dough for at least 8 hours or up to 3 days.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place a roasting pan on the oven floor and fill it half full with hot water.nBake the loaves in the preheated oven until they are brown and sound hollow when rapped, 50 to 60 minutes. Remove the loaves from the pans and bake them for an additional 5 minutes. Cool completely on a rack before slicing., ingredients: [2 tablespoons applesauce, 1 package active dry yeast, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup buckwheat flour, 14 cup whole wheat flour, 14 cup semolina flour, 14 cup white corn flour, 14 cup rye flour, 1 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 cups hard cider], title: Cider Bread, picturelink: null}, 25663: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 2quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and carrots and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and saute until just fragrant. Season with salt and pepper. Add tomato paste and cook until toasted, just 1 more minute.nAdd tomatoes, red peppers, and chicken broth and let simmer for 25 minutes, until the vegetables are tender and the flavors have melded together. Taste for seasoning and add more salt, pepper, and the sugar, if needed. Add halfandhalf and basil, and puree using a hand held immersion blender until smooth.nServe in soup bowls with a sprinkle of fresh basil on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Vidalia onion, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 14.5ounce can fireroasted diced tomatoes, 1 12ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained and chopped, 2 12 cups chicken broth, 2 teaspoons sugar, optional, 12 cup halfandhalf, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, plus more for garnish], title: Creamy Tomato and Roasted Pepper Soup, picturelink: q1Vm0zMNVGrh1ua0wNxrSSuJe8rATLe}, 25664: {instructions: For the meat sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large, wide pot and saute the onions until soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the mushrooms and garlic and meat and stir until the meat takes on some color, about 8 minutes. Add the tomatoes, spices, wine, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer until the sauce is thick, 1 12 to 2 hours. You may need to add a little water to the sauce in the beginning, so that there is enough liquid to bring to a boil. The sauce may be prepared 1 to 2 days ahead of time and refrigerated.nFor the bechamel: Heat the butter in large saucepan over medium heat. When it melts and is bubbly, add the flour. Whisk until the flour begins to turn a light golden color. Be careful it doesnt get too much color. Pour in the milk and whisk until thick. This might take 15 to 20 minutes. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Remove from the heat and vigorously whisk the yolks into the hot bechamel. Add the cheeses and whisk until smooth. Set aside, covered with a kitchen towel to prevent a skin from forming on the top of the sauce. The sauce may be made several hours ahead, reheated, and thinned as needed.nFor the vegetables: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the eggplants in one layer on an oiled sheet pan. Brush the top with olive oil. It is best to use sheet pans with a perforated rack, to let the steam circulate around the vegetables as they bake. Bake until soft, about 12 minutes. Remove. Repeat with the remaining eggplants slices until all are cooked to tender but al dente. They should not fall apart.nIn a large, heavy, nonstick skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil and saute the zucchini slices, turning once. Do this in batches if necessary and replenish the oil as needed. Remove and blot dry on paper towels.nRemove the potatoes from the water and blot dry with paper towels. Heat 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet and saute the potatoes over medium heat for a few minutes, just to soften but not to color. You will need to do this in batches. Set aside on platters lined with paper towels.nTo assemble: Spread about 3 tablespoons olive oil on the bottom of a large, deep baking pan we use hotel pans at the restaurant. Spoon the crushed tomatoes on the bottom of the pan. Place the potato slices in a single layer over the tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Place a layer of eggplant on top and season lightly with salt and pepper.nMix 6 tablespoons of the bechamel into the meat sauce. If the bechamel is cold from having been made in advance and refrigerated, warm it slightly and loosen it up with a little additional milk, if necessary. Spread about 13 of the meat sauce over the eggplant slices. Spread a layer of zucchini, season with salt and pepper, and then a layer of meat sauce. Finish with a layer of eggplant slices, salt and pepper, and the last of the meat sauce, spreading evenly on top. Pour the remaining bechamel over the top, spreading evenly with a spatula. Bake the moussaka, uncovered, until the bechamel is set and lightly golden, 45 to 55 minutes. Remove, cool, and cut into serving pieces., ingredients: [3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 large red onions, finely chopped, 1 pound button mushrooms, trimmed and coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 pounds ground beef, or combination ground beef and lamb, 2 cups chopped plum tomatoes, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Pinch of ground cloves, 3 bay leaves, 1 cup dry white wine, Salt and pepper, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 7 cups milk, Salt and pinch of white pepper, Pinch of nutmeg, 2 egg yolks, 12 cup fresh Greek anthotyro cheese or ricotta, drained, 12 cup grated kefalotyri cheese or other hard, yellow sheeps milk cheese, 2 to 3 large eggplants, peeled and cut lengthwise into 18inch slices, 2 large zucchini, trimmed and sliced on the bias into large ovals, 18inch thick, 3 large potatoes, peeled and cut lengthwise into 18inch slices, and kept in a bowl of water to prevent oxidation, Olive oil, 1 12 cups canned chopped tomatoes, drained, Salt and pepper], title: Pylos Moussaka, picturelink: null}, 25665: {instructions: Layer pink cubes, green cubes and whipped cream creatively in tall skinny parfait glasses.nGet the kids involved in measuring the liquids, squeezing the citrus, cutting the finished gel into cubes, whipping the cream, and layering the parfaits. The combination of pomegranate, lime and cream is delicious, ingredients: [1 recipe Pomegranate or Cranberry Gel, cut into cubes, 1 recipe Limeade Gel, cut into cubes, Sweetened Whipped Cream], title: Fruit Gel Parfaits, picturelink: null}, 25666: {instructions: In a bowl, mix eggs. Then add sausage, peppers, onions, tomatoes, and Cajun spice.nIn a large frying pan, heat oil over medium high heat. Pour mixture into pan. Flip over when browned. Then add mozzarella cheese. Fold when finished.nServe with a side of home fries, if desired.nRecipe can be expanded., ingredients: [3 eggs, 2 to 3 links precooked sausages, sliced, 12 green pepper, chopped, 2 slices chopped onions, 3 slices chopped tomatoes, 1 tablespoon chicken Cajun spice, 2 slices mozzarella cheese, Home fries, optional], title: Cajun Omelet, picturelink: null}, 25667: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. If using homemade pate brisee, lightly dust a clean work surface with flour, and roll dough into a 12inch circle. Fit circle into a 9inch pie plate being careful not to stretch dough too thin create edges of choice. Transfer to freezer until firm, about 15 minutes.nCoarsely chop 1 14 cups pecans set aside. In a medium bowl, combine eggs and sugar. Whisk to combine. Add corn syrups and vanilla. Whisk until well combined. Add chopped pecans, and stir. Pour into prepared crust.nArrange remaining 1 14 cups pecan halves decoratively on top of pie. Bake until crust is golden, filling is firm, and a cake tester inserted in center of pie comes out clean 50 to 55 minutes. Cool completely before slicing. Serve with whipped cream.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine flour, salt, and sugar. Add butter, and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal, 8 to 10 seconds. With machine running, add ice water in a slow, steady stream through feed tube. Pulse until dough holds together without being wet or sticky be careful not to process more than 30 seconds. To test, squeeze a small amount together: If it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Divide dough into 2 equal balls. Flatten each ball into a disk, and wrap in plastic. Transfer to the refrigerator, and chill at least 1 hour. Dough may be stored, frozen, up to 1 month., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 12 recipe Pate Brisee, recipe follows, or frozen storebought pastry shell, 2 12 cups pecan halves, 4 large eggs, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup dark corn syrup, 12 cup light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Whipped cream, for serving, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces, 14 to 12 cup ice water], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: null}, 25668: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the pork, lamb, ground round, spinach, cheese, egg, basil, parsley, garlic powder, salt, red pepper flakes, and 14 cup of the bread crumbs. Using your hands, mix all ingredients until well incorporated. Use immediately or place in refrigerator for up to 24 hours.nPlace the remaining 14 cup of bread crumbs into a small bowl. Using a scale, weigh meatballs into 1.5ounce portions and place on a sheet pan. Using your hands, shape the meatballs into rounds, roll in the bread crumbs and place the meatballs in individual, miniature muffin tin cups. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden and cooked through., ingredients: [12 pound ground pork, 12 pound ground lamb, 12 pound ground round, 5 ounces frozen spinach, thawed and drained thoroughly, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 whole egg, 1 12 teaspoons dried basil, 1 12 teaspoons dried parsley, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup bread crumbs, divided], title: Baked Meatballs, picturelink: kgB1HO03fci4HTULRTKonh0aj3pNOYq}, 25669: {instructions: In a large saucepot combine 3 cups of water, milk, Creole seasoning and salt. Bring to a boil.nWhisking, add grits in a slow steady stream. Reduce heat to mediumlow and cover, stirring occasionally until thickened, about 5 to 7 minutes.nRemove from the heat and stir in butter and cheese. Top with Andouille Sausage Creole, if desired., ingredients: [3 cups water, 1 cup milk, 1 tablespoon Creole seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup quick cooking grits, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup shredded Cheddar], title: Cheesy Creole Grits, picturelink: null}, 25670: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a mandoline or sharp knife, finely slice the cucumbers and red onion. Put in a mixing bowl with the dill sprigs and a pinch of salt while you prepare the pickling solution.nIn a small pot over medium heat, combine white vinegar, sugar, allspice and salt. Stir well until the liquid is simmering and the sugar has completely dissolved. Pour pickling liquid over red onion and cucumbers and stir to ensure everything is evenly coated. Allow to cool to room temperature, then cover with plastic wrap press the plastic wrap down onto the cucumbers so there is no air and refrigerate. Chill for at least 4 hours to cool completely before serving., ingredients: [1 hothouse seedless cucumber, 12 small red onion, 2 tablespoons fresh picked dill sprigs, 1 12 cups white vinegar, 1 cup sugar, 5 to 6 allspice berries, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Pickled Cucumbers and Red Onion, picturelink: 1dB7MvdgRhBZkfuf7WOL8o18NQIX3b2}, 25671: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nToast the unsalted pistachios in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes or until crisp. Pull from oven, cool and finely chop. Place chopped pistachios in a bowl.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, whip the heavy cream with 1 tablespoon of sugar until it holds a soft peak. In a large bowl fold together the whipped cream, raisins, 13 of the chopped chocolate, 13 of the chopped pistachios and 1 tablespoon of sugar. Gently fold the whipped cream mixture into the ricotta. When ready to serve, spoon the filling into a pastry bag fitted with a fat round tip. Fill the cannoli shells from each end.nBlend the remaining chopped chocolate and pistachios on a plate.nTo garnish: Dip each end of the cannoli into the chocolate pistachio mixture.nCannoli can be filled and stored in the refrigerator no more than 1 hour ahead of time., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted pistachios, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 1 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate, 1 cup ricotta, 14 cannoli shells], title: Chocolate Cannoli, picturelink: NhIThBlOsEp.KpGw0p7N4ZdxTG1RnFy}, 25672: {instructions: Place meat in bowl and cover with onion rings. Add green peppers and Worcestershire sauce. Insert garlic and bay leaves in between the meat, season well with salt and pepper and marinate for 3 hours covered, in the refrigerator.nPlace coconut in a separate bowl and cover with boiling water. Let stand for 1 hour. Skim off 38 cup cream that collects on top.nHeat 14 cup clarified butter in a large skillet over high heat. Stir in diced onion and Jamaican peppers and fry. Add curry powder and allspice. Stir and reduce heat to low. Meanwhile, remove marinated meat from bowl and dry very thoroughly on a towel. Reserve vegetables. Pour remaining butter into casserole over high heat and add goat cubes 1 at a time, coating each with butter. Fry until brown. Add reserved vegetables and marinade to onion and pepper pan. To the frying meat, add ketchup, jelly, and coconut cream. Pour vegetable curry into pan with meat, add lime juice, and reduce heat to low, stirring constantly. Cook covered, for 30 minutes, then uncover and cook for 60 minutes more to reduce. Just before service, stir in arrowroot to thicken sauce. To serve, stir in sour cream and serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 pounds goat leg or mutton shoulder, trimmed and cut into 1inch cubes, 2 medium onions, 1 sliced into rings, the other finely diced, 1 green bell pepper, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 bay leaves, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 24 ounces shredded coconut, 40 ounces boiling water, 12 cup clarified butter, 4 Jamaican peppers, seeded and finely diced, 5 teaspoons Madras curry powder, 1 teaspoon allspice, 2 ounces tomato ketchup, 1 tablespoon red currant jelly, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon arrowroot mixed with 1 tablespoon water, 4 ounces sour cream], title: Curried Goat, picturelink: null}, 25673: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the oil, evaporated cane juice, applesauce, cocoa powder, salt, and vanilla. In another medium bowl, whisk together the flour, flax meal, baking soda, and xanthan gum. Using a rubber spatula, carefully add the dry ingredients into the wet mixture and combine until dough is formed. Gently fold in the chocolate chips just until they are evenly distributed throughout the dough.nUsing a melonballer or tablespoon, scoop the dough onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing them 1inch apart. Gently press each with the heel of your hand to help them spread. Bake on the center rack for 14 minutes, rotating the trays 180 degrees after 7 minutes. The cookies will be crispy on the edges and soft in the center.nLet the cookies stand on the baking sheet for 10 minutes, then transfer the cookies to a wire rack and cool completely before covering. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 cup coconut oil, 1 14 cups evaporated cane juice, 13 cup applesauce, 12 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups glutenfree allpurpose baking flour, 14 cup flax meal, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons xanthan gum, 1 cup chocolate chips], title: GlutenFree Double Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: z2aD6RuvgxY6S8aHXj.L.RC27PkhtOS}, 25674: {instructions: Bring water to a full rolling boil, then remove from heat immediately. Pour about half a cup of the boiling water into the plunger pot and a splash into each of the coffee mugs to heat them. This step is essential to avoid lukewarm coffee.nGrind beans. Conventional plunger wisdom calls for a coarse grind in order to keep the beans from escaping through the mesh screen. However, if you like your coffee thick and velvety, use a fine i.e., espresso grind. If you are using preground beans, buy them in quantities that will be consumed within a week.nSpoon ground coffee into plunger pot. If you are halfasleep, doublecheck that you have dumped out the warming water. Add 4 cups of hot water and insert the plunger just far enough so that it acts as a lid. Let the coffee steep for 3 to 4 minutes, then press plunger down very slowly and steadily. Allow another minute for the coffee sediment to settle to the bottom.nHold the French press up to the sun before serving and pay homage to the coffee gods. If any hint of sunlight shines through the coffee, pour it out and start all over again., ingredients: [6 cups fresh cold water, see note 2, 8 tablespoons whole beans, or 6 tablespoons ground beans, see note 1, 1 4 cup French press], title: The Perfect Cup of Joe, picturelink: null}, 25675: {instructions: Trim and discard zucchini ends. Working with the 3 widest, cut across width into 2inch lengths. Using a melon baller or small spoon, scoop out inner meat and seeds of each 2inch piece, leaving a thin base at bottom so boat stands for stuffing. Place scoopedout centers into a food processor.nRoughly chop remaining zucchini. Add to food processor and puree until well chopped.nBring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Blanch zucchini boats just until they begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Immediately refresh in a bowl of iced water. Drain and arrange, flatside down, in a large jelly roll pan or roasting pan.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add reserved chopped zucchini and saute until liquid is evaporated, about 15 minutes. Stir in nuts, cook for 1 minute, then add cream, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil. Cook until cream thickens, about 3 minutes. Add 12 cup Parmesan cheese and all bread crumbs. Remove from heat and stir until smooth.nUsing a tablespoon or pastry bag fitted with a plain tip, stuff zucchini boats with cream mixture. Pour boiling water into pan containing filled zucchini boats until it rises about 14inch, to form a water bath. Bake 15 minutes.nHeat broiler. Sprinkle remaining Parmesan cheese over tops and place under broiler until slightly golden, about 1 minute. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large, firm zucchinis, with skin, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup ground almonds, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup Parmesan cheese, 14 cup fine dry bread crumbs], title: Zucchini Boats, picturelink: null}, 25676: {instructions: Using a sharp knife, break up the chocolate into smaller pieces. In a saucepan, combine the chopped chocolate, milk, sugar, and salt over mediumlow flame. Heat and stir until the chocolate is completely melted and milk is very hot, but not boiling, about 10 minutes.nRemove from the heat and froth the chocolate milk with a mini whisk or molinillo. Divide the hot chocolate among big mugs, top each with a few marshmallows, and serve with the cinnamon sticks as stirrers., ingredients: [3 ounces tablet or cone Mexican chocolate or bittersweet chocolate, 3 cups milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch salt, Miniature marshmallows, for serving, 6 cinnamon sticks preferably Mexican canela, for serving], title: Mexican Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 25677: {instructions: Brush pizza dough with olive oil and dust with salt and pepper. Place on a medium indirect grill, covered, for approximately 3 minutes. Flip dough and grill in the same manner for 1 minute.nRemove dough from the grill, brush with the pesto, then the pizza sauce, stopping a 12 inch before the edge of the crust. Spread 12 of the mozzarella and Parmesan on the sauced surface. Lay out sliced tomato. Dust with basil. Top with remaining mozzarella and the parmesan. Bake on grill over indirect heat for approximately 4 minutes.nRemove from the grill and sprinkle with green onions. Slice into 8 pieces., ingredients: [7 ounces pizza dough, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 pinch kosher salt, Black ground pepper, 1 teaspoon basil pesto, 2 fluid ounces pizza sauce, 1 ounce shredded mozzarella, 1 ounce grated Parmesan, 6 each thin sliced Roma tomatoes, 1 tablespoon julienned fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon julienned green onion hay cut, 2 to 3 inches in length], title: Margherita Pizza, picturelink: null}, 25678: {instructions: Bring the potatoes and the clam juice to the boil. Cook until the potatoes are tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Add the clams and any of their liquid. Cook about 5 minutes. Set aside.nAdd the pork to a saute pan and cook over low heat until rendered. Add the onions and cook until transparent. Add the butter and allow it to melt. Add the flour and cook until slightly colored. Add a bit more flour if necessary if the mixture is too soft. Bring the clams, juice and potatoes back to the boil. Gradually stir in the cooked roux. Bring to a rolling boil to thicken. Stir continuously while cooking. Beat the halfandhalf and add to the soup. It may not be necessary to use all the halfandhalf the soup should be thick. Adjust the seasoning and add a dash of hot pepper sauce and Worcestershire sauce before serving., ingredients: [10 cups clam juice, 2 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and diced, 4 pounds fresh or frozen clams, shelled and diced, 14 pound salt pork, diced, 2 small onions, diced, 1 cup butter, 1 cup flour, 2 pints halfandhalf, Salt and pepper, Dash hot pepper sauce, Dash Worcestershire sauce], title: Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 25679: {instructions: Preheat waffle iron and read manufacturers instructions. Melt butter in microwave. In a large bowl, combine flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. In another bowl, beat together milk and eggs. Whisk liquid mixture into dry ingredients until just combined. Stir in melted butter. Brush hot waffle iron with butter. Spoon about 12 cup of batter onto iron and close to cook. This first waffle will be the tester. Cook waffle until golden brown. Remove to plate and keep warm, ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cup flour, 1 12 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch of salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 cup milk, 2 eggs], title: Simple Waffles from Scratch, picturelink: null}, 25680: {instructions: Toppings: Blue cheese dressing, cayenne hot sauce, and chopped celery and carrotsnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Hot Wing Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 25681: {instructions: For the cake mix: Whisk together the flour, sugar, dry milk, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Store in a resealable bag in a cool dry place for up to 3 months until ready to use.nTo bake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 9inch cake pans with parchment. Coat with cooking spray.nWhisk 1 14 cup water, oil, eggs and vanilla in a large bowl until well combined and slightly frothy. Add the dry mix and whisk vigorously until well combined and smooth, about 50 strokes. Divide between the prepared cake pans. Bake until lightly golden and slightly puffed and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with a few moist crumbs, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in the pans 5 minutes, then turn out onto a cooling rack rightside up to cool completely. Frost and decorate as desired.nFor cupcakes: Place liners in pans for 24 cupcakes. Fill each cup 23 full. Bake at 350 degrees F until golden, puffed and a toothpick comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through. Cool completely before frosting as desired., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 14 cups sugar, 13 cup instant nonfat dry milk, such as Carnation, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract], title: Homemade Yellow Cake Mix, picturelink: jdtH8x61M36Z9DYkPHamC1IQVP921S}, 25682: {instructions: Butter 1 side the brioche slices theyll be the outsides of the sandwiches.nGently fold the caviar and chives into the creme fraiche.nOn a clean work surface, arrange brioche butteredside down. Place the smoked salmon on 4 of the slices and spread the creme fraiche over the others. Put the 2 together to make 4 sandwiches.nToast the sandwiches in a large skillet over a medium heat, turning once, until golden brown. Cut the panini into wedges and serve topped with dill sprigs., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 brioche slices, 1ounce American caviar, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 cup creme fraiche, whipped, 4 smoked salmon slices, 16 dill sprigs], title: Smoked Salmon and Caviar Panini, picturelink: aEiudydP9OJcfBFtpSG11iMIUUA1aOe}, 25683: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nAdd the garlic, onion, turkey, mustard, soy sauce, and salt and pepper, to taste, to a large mixing bowl. Mix well with a wooden spoon. Divide the turkey into 8 equalsized balls and flatten them into patties. Lay 2 slices of cheese on 4 of the patties and cover each with another patty. Pinch the edges to seal the patties closed, so the cheese will not melt out.nSeason the tomatoes with salt and pepper, to taste, and brush with olive oil. Grill for 2 minutes per side. Remove from the grill to a plate. Toast the buns on the grill and set aside.nGrill the burgers until cooked through, about 5 to 6 minutes per side. Transfer the burgers to the buns and top with Spicy Mayo Sauce, lettuce and grilled tomatoes.nCombine all the ingredients in a small bowl., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 Vidalia onion, finely chopped, 1 12 pounds ground turkey, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices pepper jack cheese, cut from an 8ounce block, 1 beefsteak tomato, sliced into 34inch thick rounds, Olive oil, 4 large onion buns or rolls, Spicy Mayo Sauce, recipe follows, Lettuce, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons hot chili sauce recommended: Sriracha, 12 lime, juiced], title: Pats Stuffed Turkey Burgers, picturelink: cjcz23sFW20XTnjeXMHJswTfmnQfq.}, 25684: {instructions: Carefully pull apart the 2 lobes of the foie gras with your hands and remove the veins that are lodged between them. Using a sharp knife dipped in boiling water, cut each lobe into 1inch medallions, approximately 6 4ounce slices. Score the top of each medallion in a diamond pattern and season with salt and pepper. Sear the medallions in a hot, dry pan for 30 seconds per side, seasoned side down first. Remove to a warmed platter lined with paper towels to drain.nLower heat to medium and pour out a bit of the rendered duck fat. Fry the bread rounds until brown, about 2 minutes each side, set aside. Wipe out the pan and coat with olive oil. Brown the figs, cut side down, then add the shallots and tarragon. Cook for 2 minutes. Deglaze the pan with port, juice of 12 orange and balsamic vinegar, cook down, about 3 minutes. Finish off the sauce with butter, a pinch of sugar, orange zest, salt and pepper.nCombine the endive, arugula and chives together in a small bowl. Toss with remaining orange juice, lemon juice and olive oil, season with salt and pepper. Arrange a handful of salad on each plate and lay the toast on top. Carefully place a foie gras medallion on each toast round. Top with figs, drizzle with port wine sauce. Garnish with chives and serve at once., ingredients: [1 whole duck foie gras, about 1 12 pounds, slightly chilled, Coarse salt, Black pepper, freshly ground, 6 slices white bread, cut in rounds, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 4 fresh black mission figs, halved, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 6 tarragon leaves, chopped, 12 cup port wine, 1 orange, juiced, divided, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 pat butter, Pinch sugar, 12 teaspoon orange zest, grated, 3 heads endive, julienned, 1 bunch arugula, 12 bunch fresh chives, roughly chopped, 12 lemon, juiced], title: PanSeared Foie Gras with Figs and Port Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 25685: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the coconut water, whey protein and one squeeze of lime juice. Shake for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice., ingredients: [3 ounces coconut water, 1 bar spoon whey protein powder, 12 lime], title: Sucker Punch, picturelink: OBxCYacS85I0QzjkPNG9ygH6aADKuy}, 25686: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to boil for the pasta. Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over high heat until just smoking. Add the broccoli and season with salt, to taste. Cover and cook until just crispy and brown around the edges, about 3 minutes. Remove the cover, stir, and reduce the heat to mediumhigh. Cover and cook until the florets are crisp but tender, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken stock and pepper flakes.nAdd the capellini to the boiling water and cook until al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain the pasta and add to the skillet with the broccoli and stock. Stir in half the cheese and season with salt and pepper. Divide among 4 warmed soup plates and sprinkle with the remaining cheese., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large head broccoli, 1 14 to 1 12 pounds, stems removed and florets trimmed into pieces 2 inches long with a stem about 12inch thick 4 to 5 cups, Salt, 1 quart chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 to 2 teaspoons hot red pepper flakes, to taste, 12 pound capellini, 1 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Crispy Broccoli with Capellini in Broth, picturelink: null}, 25687: {instructions: For the cake: Melt the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the marshmallows, and cook, stirring occasionally, until they melt completely, about 5 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat, and stir in the vanilla and a pinch of salt. Add the cereal and sprinkles, and stir with a rubber spatula, scraping up from the bottom, until the cereal is completely coated. Transfer the cereal to the prepared cake pan, and pat it down into an even layer. Let sit at room temperature until firm, about 30 minutes. Invert onto a serving plate.nFor the frosting: Heat the marshmallows and butter in small saucepan over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly, until completely melted. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and stir in the confectioners sugar.nSpread the frosting over the top of the cake in an even layer. Decorate with sprinkles. Cut into wedges, and serve. The frosted cake can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing pan, One 10ounce bag mini marshmallows, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 6 cups crispy white cereal, 13 cup multicolored sprinkles, plus more for decorating, 2 cups mini marshmallows, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup confectioners sugar, Butter a 9inch round cake pan.], title: Birthday Cake Crispy Rice Treats, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 25688: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 large footlong skewers, metal or thick bamboo work best, soaked in water for half an hour if using bamboo or wood.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nSlice chicken thinly, cut the baguette into 12inch rounds, and cut the sausage links up into chunks, alternating cuts at 45 degree angles for nice triangular shapes.nNow prepare the kebabs. Take the skewers 1 at a time and begin threading the components alternately. Start with a piece of bread, then chicken, bay leaf, sausage, and bread repeat this 3 times to fill the skewers, ending with bread.nLay the prepared kebabs out on your board and drizzle liberally with extravirgin olive oil. Squeeze the lemon juice all over and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Place the prepared kebabs onto preheated grill and cook for about 7 to 10 minutes per side, or until cooked through.nWhile kebabs are roasting you can prepare the salad. In a blender combine the anchovies, garlic, lemon juice, egg yolks and grated Parmesan. Pulse a couple of times to combine, then add the water and blend again. With the motor running, gradually pour the oil through the feed tube and continue to blend until emulsified. Season, to taste, with salt and some freshly ground black pepper.nIn a large mixing bowl add the chopped romaine. When the kebabs are done, remove from the oven and slide the kebab components off the skewers directly into the bowl. Add some dressing and gently toss to combine.nTo plate, garnish with parsley leaves, shaved Parmesan and fresh lemon wedges., ingredients: [8 links sweet Italian pork sausage, 1 crusty baguette, 2 to 3 medium, boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 12 fresh bay leaves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 lemons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 anchovies, 2 cloves garlic, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 egg yolks, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus shavings for garnish, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 heads romaine lettuce, chopped, Flatleaf parsley, for garnish, 2 lemons, cut into wedges, for garnish], title: Chicken Kebab Salad, picturelink: Jz9QKDqvDkO6TI3Mk56aaKLevBYpxC}, 25689: {instructions: Pulse together the mustard with the softened butter in a food processor. Scrape the mixture into a medium bowl, add the parsley, capers, shallots, lemon zest and juice and some black pepper and fold together to incorporate., ingredients: [1 12 cups Dijon mustard, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup finely minced fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons minced capers, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, Zest of 3 lemons plus juice of 2 lemons, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Piccata Mustard, picturelink: g5pAFtVYFkG8mGghjbf2K5AIjnAlvq}, 25690: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 long wooden skewers, soaked in waternCombine the chiles, cilantro, orange zest, orange juice, rice wine vinegar, Mirin, salt, pepper, chicken and shrimp. Toss all to coat well. Cover and place in the refrigerator to marinate for 2 hours.nMeanwhile, to make the coconut peanut sauce: Heat a saucepot over medium heat and add the peanut oil. Add the chiles and garlic and toast until dark brown but not burnt. Add the rice wine vinegar and reduce by half. Add the coconut milk and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the peanut butter and mix well to combine. Season with salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nPreheat a grill or grill pan.nGrill the chicken for 3 to 4 minutes on each side and shrimp 2 minutes on each side, or until pink and opaque. Remove the chicken and shrimp from the grill. Let the chicken rest for a minute, then assemble the skewers with 2 pieces of chicken and 2 shrimp on each skewer. Serve the skewers over vegetable salad, with a bowl of coconut peanut sauce for dipping.nJust before serving, combine the cabbage, red pepper, yellow pepper, red onion, snap peas, cilantro, orange juice, rice wine vinegar, peanut oil, and red wine vinegar in a large bowl. Taste the salad, then season with salt, and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [3 Thai chiles, sliced thin, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Mirin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, cut into 8 cubes, 8 shrimp, peeled, deveined, and tail removed, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 5 Thai chiles, sliced thin, 4 cloves garlic, sliced thin, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 12 cups coconut milk, 5 tablespoons peanut butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 12 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, Fresh Vegetable Salad, recipe follows:, 2 cups Napa cabbage, washed and julienned, 1 small red pepper, julienned thin, 1 small yellow pepper, julienned thin, 1 small red onion, julienned thin, 1 cup snap peas, julienned thin, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Juice of 1 orange, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Chicken and Shrimp Satay with Coconut Peanut Sauce and Fresh Vegetable Salad, picturelink: 2ZqyguWfnifsXacNYBdun4WVVafDIH6}, 25691: {instructions: In a food processor grind fine the whole almonds with the sugar and salt. In a bowl beat the whites until they are foamy just before they hold soft peaks and fold in the almond mixture gently but thoroughly. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper and butter the parchment. Spoon the batter onto the parchment, 2 inches apart. Bake the macaroons in the middle of a preheated 300 degrees F. oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until they are golden around the edges, and let them cool on the parchment. Peel the macaroons from the parchment and store them in an airtight container., ingredients: [1 12 cups blanched whole almonds, 1cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large egg whites, Butter], title: Macaroons, picturelink: null}, 25692: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush an 8 by12 lasagna dish with 2 tablespoons of chicken fat. In a medium skillet over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon of chicken fat and onions, and saute for 2 minutes, or until translucent. Let onions cool.nIn a large bowl, mix potatoes, cooked onions, and dill together with remaining chicken fat and season with salt. Place mixture in lasagna dish and bake in the oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until potatoes are tender in the center and crisp on top.nRemove from pan and layer top with smoked salmon. Cut into 10 equal size portions and serve., ingredients: [1 cup chicken fat, 1 onion, sliced, 4 russet potatoes, peeled, grated, and liquid squeezed out, 1 bunch dill, chopped, Salt, 1 pound sliced smoked salmon], title: Potato and Smoked Salmon Kugel, picturelink: null}, 25693: {instructions: Put the yogurt, cilantro, cumin, lemon juice, and salt and pepper, to taste, into a blender and puree until the mixture is smooth and green. Pour it into a bowl and fold in the cucumber and mint. Refrigerate at least 12 hour before serving to allow the flavors to develop. Taste and adjust the seasoning before serving and drizzle with a little olive oil., ingredients: [2 pints thick yogurt recommended: Greek yogurt, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cucumbers, peeled, seeded and chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped mint leaves, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Cool Cucumber Raita, picturelink: null}, 25694: {instructions: Evenly spread sauce on pizza crust, then top with cheese. Grill covered over medium heat, rotating pizza occasionally, 10 minutes or until sauce is hot and cheese is melted. Drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with basil and serve immediately.nCalories 440, Calories From Fat 150, Saturated Fat 6g, Trans Fat 0g, Total Fat 16g, Cholesterol 30mg, Sodium 490mg, Total Carbohydrate 49g, Sugars 6g, Dietary Fiber 4g, Protein 18g, Vitamin A 6, Vitamin C 0, Calcium 25, Iron 15, ingredients: [1 cup Bertolliu00ae Olive Oil  Garlic Sauce, 1 12in. prebaked pizza crust, 4 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced, Bertolliu00ae Extra Virgin Olive Oil, chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Grilled Pizza Margherita, picturelink: c73sdPCEualY1ueBuBTtByjrWBVv4va}, 25695: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason chicken with salt. In a large heavy skillet, heat olive oil over medium heat and saute chicken for about 15 minutes or until lightly browned.nPlace onion, celery, carrots, and parsley in the bottom of a large ovenproof casserole. Layer chicken over vegetables. Tuck garlic cloves between chicken pieces. Pour wine and water over chicken. Sprinkle with thyme, basil, rosemary, and oregano.nCover casserole and bake for 1 12 hours. Dont lift the cover until cooking time is complete. Skin chicken before eating. Serve with prepared rice.nRecipe provided by Low Cholesterol Olive Oil Cookbook, ingredients: [3 12 to 4 pound chicken, cut into serving pieces, Kosher salt, 14 cup Filippo Beriou00ae Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 celery stalks, chopped, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped, 2 heads garlic, separated into unpeeled cloves about 25 cloves, 14 cup dry white wine, 14 cup water, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Serving suggestion: prepared rice], title: Garlic Chicken, picturelink: null}, 25696: {instructions: Special equipment: Bamboo sushi mat wrapped in plastic wrapnMake the Rice: Wash rice well by rinsing 2 to 3 times without breaking the rice. Cook the rice a rice cooker according the manufactureru00bfs instructions. While the rice is still hot, transfer it to a bowl and add the vinegar. Using a rubber spatula or wooden paddle, mix the rice until well coated with the vinegar, slightly cooled and glossy, about 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer the rice to a parchment paperlined sheet pan, cover with a tea towel, and let cool for 30 minutes.nTo make the Filling: Finely chop the tuna and transfer to a bowl. In another bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise and Shriracha add more Shriracha, if desired. Gently mix together the tuna and mayonnaise mixture.nTo make the Sushi Roll: Fold the nori sheets in 12 and break them apart. Working with 12 a sheet at a time, lay it on the bamboo mat shiny sidedown. Spread an even layer of rice not too thick on the nori, and sprinkle lightly with the sesame seeds. Flip the nori over, and arrange the tuna mixture across the middle of the sheet, forming a horizontal line. Put about 20 pieces of kaiware evenly on top of the tuna line make sure the sprouted ends face towards the ends of the roll, jutting out from the sides. Roll the nori over the tuna by lifting the near end over the top and rolling to meet the far end then use the sushi mat to press the roll together. Repeat to make 4 rolls., ingredients: [2 cups shortgrain sushi rice, 12 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 8 ounces fresh tuna, preferably bigeye or yellowfin, 2 teaspoons Asian mayonnaise recommended: Kewpie brand, 2 teaspoons Shriracha Thaistyle hot sauce, 2 sheets unsalted nori Japanese dried seaweed, Toasted sesame seeds, as needed, 1 bunch kaiware daikon radish sprouts], title: IchiRoll, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 25697: {instructions: Combine milk, coconut milk, and coconut cream. Bring to a boil, reduce and simmer for 15 minutes. Take off flame and let cool before adding the toasted coconut. Let toasted coconut infuse for 15 minutes.nMake caramel by adding the sugar and water in medium sauce pot and cooking until it darkens to amber, then whisk in the lemon juice.nPour the caramel evenly in 4ounce ramekins and set aside. Strain the milk mixture into a bowl. Add the eggs and yolks and whisk lightly. Fill each ramekin with this mixture, then place ramekin in roasting pan. Create a water bath by filling the roasting pan half way with hot water, and cook covered with foil in a preheated 325degree oven for 25 minutes.nServe with a fruit salsa., ingredients: [1 pint milk, 8 ounces coconut milk, 8 ounces coconut cream, 1 cup toasted coconut, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 whole eggs, 3 egg yolks], title: Coconut Flan, picturelink: null}, 25698: {instructions: Mix the rum and water in a large container and submerge the planks in the water for 30 to 45 minutes, allowing the planks to become soaked.nMeanwhile, in a mediumsize bowl, mix together the sugar, ginger, coriander, salt, cinnamon, and lemon juice to create a paste. Spread spice mixture evenly on top of the flesh side of salmon not skin side. Refrigerate for 30 minutes and up to 1 hour.nPreheat the grill over mediumhigh.nRemove the fillet from the refrigerator and arrange on the planks, unseasoned side down. Put the planks on the grill and cook until the flesh is firm to the touch, allowing the plank to smolder, not burn, about for 30 to 40 minutes. Once the salmon is cooked, remove planks from the grill, with hot pads, to a serving platter and allow it to rest for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup dark rum, 3 cups water, 1 or 2 cedar planks, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 teaspoons kosher or sea salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 to 3 pound salmon fillet, cut in 12 to fit on planks, if needed], title: Cedar Plank Rum Salmon, picturelink: UYyihzG2C2xnLKVts7tVtSFeATi1PK}, 25699: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl whisk together the lemon juice, salt, pepper and olive oil. Set aside.nPut the endive and apples into a large decorative serving bowl. Squeeze the juice of half a lemon into the bowl and toss to coat the endive and apples so they dont turn brown. Add the cheese and avocado, and then add the cranberries and corn.nPour the dressing over the salad just before serving and toss to coat., ingredients: [2 lemons, juiced, plus 12 lemon, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup and 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 medium heads Belgian endive, ends trimmed and cut into 1inch circles, 1 medium green apple, peeled, cored, and cut into 1inch cubes, 14 pound Gruyere cheese, rind removed and diced into 1inch cubes, 12 avocado, diced into 1inch cubes, 2 tablespoons dried cranberries, or the seeds of 1 small pomegranate, 23 cup defrosted corn kernels or 12 ear corn, cooked and kernels removed], title: Holiday Salad, picturelink: sXm7KHhM7axFRGUNToIpEOiNlkmatm2}, 25700: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat and saute the onion and celery until softened. Stir in the flour and cook for 3 minutes, stirring frequently. Gradually add the stock, whisking until you have a smooth liquid. Add the potatoes, corn, thyme, salt and pepper. Cover and bring to a boil. Then reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes or until the vegetables are tender, stirring occasionally.nStir in the crabmeat and heavy cream and heat the soup gently but thoroughly. Do not let it boil or the soup may curdle. Sprinkle with the chopped parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups homemade fish stock or bottled clam juice, 12 cup diced potato, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup coarsely chopped white crabmeat, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Sweet Corn and Crab Chowder, picturelink: null}, 25701: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line bottom and sides of 8 x 8inch pan with foil, extending foil over edges of pan. Coat lightly with nostick cooking spray.nSTIR together flour, brown sugar and salt until mixed. Add oil, water and almond extract. Combine with fork until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pat evenly in bottom of prepared pan.nBAKE 15 minutes.nSPREAD preserves evenly over warm crust. Mix almonds, brown sugar and oil until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle over top of preserves.nBAKE 20 minutes. Cool completely. Lift out of pan using foil. Cut into 16 bars. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 12 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 14 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 18 tsp. salt, 6 tbsps. Criscou00ae Puritan Canola Oil with Omega3 DHA, 2 tsps. water, 12 tsp. almond extract, 34 cup Smuckersu00ae Cherry Sugar Free Preserves or Smuckersu00ae Cherry Preserves, TOPPING:, 12 cup chopped almonds, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tbsps. Criscou00ae Puritan Canola Oil with Omega3 DHA], title: Cherry Almond Bars, picturelink: 7LhqfygJxoOWaIyETo5VWTZMTGWPlz2}, 25702: {instructions: For the shortcakes: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment. nCombine the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Add the butter and work it into the flour mixture with your fingers until it resembles coarse meal.nWhisk together the lemon zest, egg and 12 cup of the buttermilk in a small bowl. Add to the flour mixture and lightly mix with your hands or a spoon until the dough just comes together. Do not overmix. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. With lightly floured hands, gently pat the dough into a 7u00adinch round about 12 inch thick. Cut into 8 equal wedges. Space the shortcakes evenly on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops with the remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with the almonds. Bake until golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes.nFor the filling: Combine the strawberries, granulated sugar and orange zest and juice in a large bowl. Let stand until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is syrupy, about 15 minutes.nSplit the shortcakes. Place the bottom halves of the shortcakes on plates and top evenly with the strawberry mixture and yogurt. Cover with the shortcake tops. Dust with the confectioners sugar if using., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 tablespoons cold salted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 1 large egg, slightly beaten, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon lowfat buttermilk, 1 tablespoon sliced almonds, 4 cups strawberries, hulled and sliced, 2 to 3 tablespoons granulated sugar depending on the ripeness of the berries, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest plus 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 cup 0 percent or 2 percent fat Greek yogurt, for serving, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, optional], title: Light Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: E4x7bpnpgsCkxMD23BssXrFrexrTxe}, 25703: {instructions: Special equipment: Cupcake corernFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin pans with cupcake liners.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flours, baking powder and salt, and set aside. In a mixing bowl, cream the butter and sugar on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy using an electric hand mixer. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until just incorporated. Beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixing speed to low. Add the flour mixture in three batches, alternating with the milk. Beat until combined.nDivide the batter evenly among the lined cups, filling each threequarters full. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and cool completely.nFor the filling: In a medium bowl, combine 14 cup water and the gelatin, then set aside. Cut up the whole strawberries into small pieces, and set aside in a small bowl. Using a food processor, puree the strawberries and pour into a medium saucepan. Add the sugar and lemon juice to the sauce pan. Cook over mediumhigh heat until it begins to bubble, stirring constantly. Let the mixture boil for 2 minutes. Pour the hot mixture into the bowl with the water and unflavored gelatin. Stir together until incorporated. Add in the cut strawberries. Put in the refrigerator until the mixture has thickened, 2 hours.nFor the frosting: Beat the butter and cream cheese until light and creamy. Add in the vanilla. Add in the powdered sugar, 1 cup at a time. Add milk as needed if the frosting is too thick. Place the frosting into a piping bag fitted with a large star tip.nOnce the cupcakes have cooled, pull out the centers with a cupcake corer. Fill with strawberry compote filling. Pipe the frosting onto each cupcake. Place some strawberry compote on top for garnish., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups cake flour not self rising, sifted, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 34 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 14 cups whole milk, 1 packet unflavored gelatin, 2 cups whole strawberries, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 cup sliced strawberries, 12 cup unsalted butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 to 4 12 cups powdered sugar, Milk], title: Strawberry Shortcake Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 25704: {instructions: Preheat your wood fired pizza oven 4 hours before cooking. Alternately, you can use a preheated pizza stone in your home oven. Its best to heat it for 1 hour in a 500 degrees F oven.nSprinkle some flour on your pizza peel. Using a rolling pin, stretch your dough to a very thin 10inch round.nTop the dough with 14 of the cheese and arugula, leaving a 1inch border on the crust. Place the pizza on the wood oven floor until the cheese is just melted. Remove the pizza and top with a 14 of the prosciutto slices. Place back in the oven and bake for another minute.nRemove the pizza and drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nRepeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 4 12 ounce ball pizza dough, room temperature, 8 ounces mozzarella, grated, 5 to 6 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced, 4 handfuls arugula, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: White Pizza, picturelink: null}, 25705: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Immersion BlendernAdd butter and oil to a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Once the butter foams, add the onion and garlic and saute until soft, about 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the corn and cook for 1 more minute.nAdd the sweet potatoes, chicken broth, apple juice, 2 teaspoons seasoning, white pepper, remaining 1 12 teaspoons of salt, allspice, and cayenne. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until the potatoes are cooked through and fork tender, about 20 minutes.nUse an immersion blender and puree the bisque until smooth. Taste for seasoning, then stir in the heavy cream. Rewarm over low heat. Transfer to serving bowls and garnish with Sage and Savory Croutons.nHeat olive oil in saucepan over low heat. Carefully add the bread to the saucepan and toss until browned. While browning, sprinkle with poultry seasoning. Transfer to a bowl and set aside., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 small onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning, plus 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 12 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 cups chicken broth, 2 cups apple juice, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning recommended: Savory Spice Shop s Sage and Savory Stuffing Seasoning, 12 teaspoon finely ground white pepper, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, Sage and Savory Croutons, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup cubed French bread, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning recommended: Savory Spice Shop s Sage and Savory Stuffing Seasoning], title: Jens Sweet Potato Bisque, picturelink: YJXAQqdeyryXPWrLjPVa.4xclev6hy}, 25706: {instructions: For the filling: Pulse the graham crackers in a food processor until crumbly. Add the chocolate and cream cheese and continue to pulse until crumbly and pasty.nUsing the filling portion the bumpy side of a 12section ravioli mold, cover the indented side with plastic wrap. Pack some of the filling into each indentation, leveling each one so its flush with the top of the mold. Remove and place on a plate. Repeat to make 24 fillings. Cover the filling with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Eat the crumbs left behind.nTo make the dough: Combine the butter and sugars in a large mixing bowl. Beat at medium speed, until fluffy and combined, about 2 minutes. Add the molasses and vanilla and beat until combined.nIn a separate bowl, whisk both flours, the baking soda, salt and cinnamon together. Add flour mixture to butter mixture in 3 parts, alternating with cream in 2 parts, beginning and ending with flour. Be careful not to overwork the dough. Divide into 2 disks, wrap in plastic warp and chill until very firm, about 1 hour.nLay out an 11 by 15inch piece of foil on a clean workspace and sprinkle generously with flour. Place a disk of dough on top and cover with a large sheet of plastic wrap. Roll the dough between the 2 layers Voila, no messy hands until you have a rectangle measuring 10 by 13 inches, cutting and patching as needed. Repeat with the other disk of dough. Transfer each foil to a cookie sheet and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nWhen chilled, remove plastic wrap from 1 flat of chilled and rolled dough. Spray the zigzag side of the ravioli mold with nonstick spray and sprinkle it with flour. Place the mold, zigzag side down, onto the lower half of the dough, making a slight indent in the dough. Take the chocolate filling from the refrigerator. Place a round of filling on the center of each square ravioli impression.nUsing the foil to lift the top of the dough, fold it over the mounds on the bottom half leaving plenty of give to tuck dough between each mound. Gently press out the air around the mounds with wet fingers to keep the dough from cracking. Spray the zigzag side of the mold again and sprinkle the top of the ravioli with flour. Invert the press on the cookies, making another impression in the dough, and press very firmly to seal the 2 layers together and cut off excess dough.nTo remove the mold, gently lift by pressing downward on the 2 mounds on the end. Lift up on the mold working your way across the dough slab. Use a dry pastry brush to brush off excess flour. Cut ravioli into individual portions, trimming away excess dough with a knife or fluted pastry cutter. Arrange on a baking sheet. Chill the molded ravioli in the refrigerator until firm to the touch, 30 more minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBake the ravioli for 25 to 30 Minutes. Remove from oven and let sit on cookie sheet 5 more minutes, using a pastry cutter to cut in between the ravioli while warm, if desired. Then slide the slab onto a cookie sheet to cool. Eat 1 slab and freeze the other to keep it really fresh. Yummmmm, ingredients: [5 graham crackers, broken into pieces, 6 ounce milk or dark chocolate, or a combination, chopped, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons molasses, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 112 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup graham flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup heavy cream], title: SMore Rockin Reindeer Ravioli, picturelink: uXHadkeaKiIeAqxYynjB7QWtpnKGX6}, 25707: {instructions: Add coals to one half of grill. Clean chicken, remove head and innards. Rub paprika, sugar, salt, spice mix, oil, mustard, and pepper into chicken, under skin and inside cavity.nOpen the beer and add any remaining seasoning to beer can. Place chicken over the beer can, inserting the can gently into the cavity of chicken.nPlace chicken on opposite side of coals on grill. Make sure chicken is covered  use large pot if your grill cover is too small. Add coals to maintain high heat if it cools down. Make sure chicken is not directly over coals. Use an instantread thermometer to test temperature, it should read 165 degrees F under thigh. Remove carefully and carve., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, preferably fresh slaughtered 4 to 5 pounds, 3 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons Welch sea salt, 1 teaspoon South African hot spice mix, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 12 can beer, from South America, if available], title: United Nations Beer Can Chicken, picturelink: null}, 25708: {instructions: Wash ginger root but do not peel. Chop roughly and process in food processor until reduced to a textured paste. Put ginger in a large non reactive container and pour boiling water over it. Stir in the lime juice, zest and cream of tartar. Cover and stir occasionally as mixture cools. When lukewarm, mix the yeast with the warm water, pressing out lumps, and add to container. Cover and let stand for 6 hours. Stir the sugar into the ginger beer until completely dissolved and immediately pour into sterilized bottles, making sure the stoppers are well sealed and airtight. The ginger beer will keep for 3 to 4 days in a cool place. To keep longer, add rum.nTo serve, strain and pour into glasses over shaved ice if desired, with a sprig of mint and thin slice of lime., ingredients: [6 ounces fresh ginger root, 4 quarts boiling water, Juice and zest of 2 limes, 2 ounces cream of tartar, 1 fresh cake yeast 0.6ounces, 13 cup warm water, 2 14 pounds granulated sugar, 12 cup dark rum optional], title: Ginger Beer, picturelink: null}, 25709: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 8by8inch baking pan with cooking spray. Line the pan with parchment paper so that it hangs over on two sides. Spray the parchment.nFor the crust: In the bowl of a food processor, combine the butter, sugar, flour, cinnamon and salt. Process until the mixture starts to come together and clump, 1 minute. Remove 34 cup and reserve press the remaining crust mixture evenly into the prepared baking pan. Set aside.nFor the filling: In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg, sour cream, sugar, lemon juice, flour, cornstarch, vanilla extract and cinnamon until smooth. Mix in 1 cup of the blueberries. Pour the filling mixture over the crust, shaking the pan gently to settle the custard and berries. Pour the remaining 1 cup blueberries over the top, spreading them evenly.nTake the reserved crust and sprinkle it over the top of the berries, squeezing the mixture in your hands to encourage large lumps.nBake for 1 hour. Let cool. Remove the bars from the pan and cut into 9 pieces. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for pan, 12 cup unsalted butter, chilled, 34 cup sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch kosher salt, 1 egg, 12 heaping cup sour cream, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups blueberries], title: Blueberry Pie Bars, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 25710: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the heavy cream to a full boil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, then continue to boil rapidly for 45 to 50 minutes, until it s thickened, like a white sauce, stirring occasionally.nRemove the pan from the heat and add the Gorgonzola, Parmesan, salt, pepper, and parsley. Whisk rapidly until the cheeses melt, and then serve. If you must reheat, warm the sauce over low heat until melted, then whisk vigorously until the sauce comes together., ingredients: [4 cups heavy cream, 3 to 4 ounces crumbly Gorgonzola not creamy or dolce , 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley], title: Gorgonzola Sauce, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 25711: {instructions: Combine orange juice, apple juice and almond extract in a bowl. Stir in gently all the fruit and chill the compote, covered, until ready to serve., ingredients: [12 cup apple juice, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 1 Granny Smith apple, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 cup seedless red grapes, halved, 2 navel oranges, peeled and sectioned, with membranes removed, 2 kiwis, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces], title: Winter Fruit Compote, picturelink: null}, 25712: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nSprinkle chicken quarters with salt and pepper. Place in a 13 by 9inch baking pan and set aside.nIn a medium skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the chopped onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the paprika and all but 1 tablespoon of the green onions and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, for an additional 4 minutes.nSpread the onion mixture evenly over the chicken, spoon the orange juice and bourbon over the top, and bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes, turning and basting occasionally.nRemove the chicken from the oven, spoon the peaches over the top, sprinkle with nutmeg, and return to the oven for an additional 15 to 20 minutes or until the chicken is tender and shows no trace of pink near the bone. Remove the chicken from the pan, place on serving dish, and pour the juices over the chicken. Garnish with the remaining green onions and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 chicken breast halves, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 12 cups green onions, chopped about 6 green onions, including green part, 12 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 1 cup chopped fresh peaches about 2 medium peaches, Dash nutmeg], title: BourbonLaced Tipsy Chicken with Peaches, picturelink: null}, 25713: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil for pasta.nPlace oven rack in middle of oven and preheat broiler or oven to 425 degrees F.nDefrost the spinach in the microwave for 10 minutes on high.nWhile spinach defrosts, heat a medium sauce pot over medium heat. Cut butter into small pieces and melt. Whisk in flour and cook a minute or 2 then whisk in milk. Bring sauce to a bubble, as it begins to thicken, drop heat to low and season it with nutmeg, salt and pepper, to your taste.nCombine ricotta cheese, a little salt and pepper, lemon zest and garlic in a bowl.nCook pasta to al dente, 5 to 6 minutes in salted water.nRemove spinach from the microwave and wring it completely dry in a kitchen towel. Open the towel and separate the spinach with your fingers. Pile up the sliced artichokes on your cutting board.nDrain pasta well. Ladle just enough white sauce in the bottom of a lasagna dish to lightly coat it. Top with 13 of the pasta. Top the pasta with a layer of half of the ricotta cheese dotted with half of the spinach and artichokes. Thinly cover the veggies with more white sauce then top liberally with grated cheese. Repeat these layers then top your lasagna with the remaining 13 of the cooked ravioli, the last of the white sauce and some grated cheese.nPlace under hot broiler or into a preheated 425 degree F oven until sauce browns and bubbles, 3 minutes, ingredients: [1 10ounce packages chopped frozen spinach, 14 stick butter, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 quart milk, Freshly grated nutmeg, to taste, Salt and pepper, 3 cups ricotta cheese, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon zest, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 4 packages large fresh ravioli cheese, wild mushroom or spinach stuffed varieties, 2 15ounce cans artichoke hearts in water, drained and thinly sliced, 1 12 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: SpinachArtichoke RavioliLasagna, picturelink: hwAYFwCPLvPpk8I9rY2Ai4CQDsR1gAq}, 25714: {instructions: Season the salmon with salt and pepper on both sides. Make 2 or 3 slits across the skin of the salmon. Place a castiron skillet over high heat. Add enough peanut oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan. Just as the oil begins to smoke add the salmon, skinside down and cook for 4 minutes. Lower the heat and cook the salmon all the way on the same side, about 10 minutes  it will cook from the bottom up. During the last 30 seconds or so, spoon some of the oil over the top of the salmon to help cook it through.nWhile the salmon is cooking, make the sauce. In a stainless steel saute pan over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon butter and the oil. When the butter is melted, add the onions and cook until translucent but not browned, about 6 minutes, stirring constantly. Season with salt and pepper. Deglaze with the balsamic vinegar and red wine. Add the thyme and cook until the liquid is almost completely reduced, about 3 minutes. Add the cream and bring to a simmer. Cook until the cream is slightly reduced and starts to thicken, about 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally. Be careful as the cream could boil over at this point. Once the cream is reduced, remove the thyme sprig. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Stir in the remaining butter.nSpoon the onion marmalade onto plates. Top with the salmon and garnish with chive flowers., ingredients: [4 6ounce salmon fillets, skin on, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Peanut oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon oil, 2 red onions, cut into 1inch dice, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons red wine, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter, Chive flowers, as garnish], title: Sauteed Salmon with Red Onion Marmalade, picturelink: null}, 25715: {instructions: In a shaker with ice pour rum, cointreau and juice. Shake and pour into a rocks glass. Dip the end of a drinking straw into the puree, hold the tip of your finger over the other end and use the straw to squirt puree into the bottom halfinch of the drink, where it will sink in red blobs. Do not stir., ingredients: [1 12 oz. Bacardi 0, 12 oz. cointreau, 2 oz. pineapple juice, 1 Tbs. strawberry or raspberry puree], title: Blood Sucker Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 25716: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nPlace the olives and basil in the bowl of a food processor process until finely chopped. Add the salt and pulse to combine. Spread the salt mixture on a baking sheet place in the oven for 30 minutes, or until the mixture is quite dry. Remove and let cool, then break apart using your fingers.nPlace a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the grapeseed oil and give it 1 minute to heat up. In batches, so as to not overcrowd the pan, fry the peppers until blistered on all sides, 2 or 3 minutes per side. With tongs or a slotted spoon, remove the peppers to a papertowellined plate and immediately sprinkle with some of the flavored salt use about 2 tablespoons of the salt mixture and reserve the rest in an airtight container in the refrigerator for a later use., ingredients: [34 cup pitted oilcured olives, 34 cup chopped fresh basil, 13 cup kosher salt, 14 cup grapeseed or vegetable oil, 1 pound shishito peppers], title: Blistered Shishito Peppers with OliveandBasil Salt, picturelink: kawBzJ4uLNg89l7t9BdkUefPE1aDKJi}, 25717: {instructions: Two days before frying, set up a large deep fryer with burner base and propane tank, meant for frying turkey, according to manufacturers instructions. Measure the amount of oil needed by placing the wrapped turkey in the pot and filling the pot with water to cover the turkey by 1 inch. Remove the turkey and mark the water level on the side of the pot.nCombine all ingredients, except turkey and oil, in a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes. Cool. Following package instructions, fill the injector that comes with turkey fry kit with butter mixture inject butter mixture in turkey all over. Refrigerate turkey for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours before frying.nFill the fryer with oil up to the marked line, attach a deep fry thermometer to the pot, and heat oil to 350 degrees F. Put the turkey on the fry stand, attach to the metal hanger that comes with kit, and slowly lower into the hot oil. Cook turkey 4 minutes per pound when done, turkey will float to the surface. Meat should register 180 degrees F on meat thermometer. Let turkey rest for at least 20 minutes before carving.nYou can also use the butter mixture to baste a turkey in a 325 degrees F oven every 20 minutes until an internal temperature of 180 degrees F is reached., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons Original TABASCOu00ae brand Pepper Sauce, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 to 14pound turkey, rinsed and trussed, Up to 4 gallons peanut oil, Turkey Fry Kit with Injector], title: Spicy Pepper Butter Fried Turkey, picturelink: null}, 25718: {instructions: For the dressing:nCombine the miso paste and honey in a large mixing bowl. Whisk in the rice wine vinegar and soy sauce. While whisking, add the olive oil in a slow stream season with salt, to taste.nToss the Mizuno greens with desired amount of dressing., ingredients: [1 cup yellow miso paste, 13 cup honey, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 13 cup grapeseed oil, Salt, 1 pound Mizuno greens], title: Mizuno greens with Miso Honey Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 25719: {instructions: 1 cup fresh raspberries HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray bottom and sides of 9inch springform pan with nostick cooking spray. Prepare brownies as directed on package, using oil, water and eggs. Stir in chocolate chips. Spread batter in prepared pan. BAKE 45 to 50 minutes or until center is almost set. Cool 1 hour or until completely cooled. BEAT cream in large bowl until stiff peaks form. Combine cream cheese and powdered sugar in separate large bowl beat until smooth. Stir in melted vanilla chips. Fold in 13 whipped cream fold in remaining whipped cream. Reserve 1 cup mixture for piped edge spread remaining mixture over brownie. Using decorating bag fitted with star tip 14 to 38inch opening, pipe decorative border around edge of brownie, making sure border doesnt touch side of pan. Cover refrigerate at least 2 hours while preparing sauce. PROCESS thawed raspberries with syrup until smooth in food processor bowl with metal blade or in blender container. Strain to remove seeds. In small saucepan, combine 3 tablespoons sugar and cornstarch stir in raspberry puree. Cook and stir over medium heat until mixture boils and thickens. Cool to room temperature. About 1 hour before serving: ARRANGE fresh raspberries over filling. Refrigerate until serving time. With sharp knife, loosen dessert from sides of pan remove sides of pan. Cut into wedges. Serve with raspberry sauce. Store in refrigerator. High Altitude above 3500 ft.: ADD 13 cup flour to dry brownie mix. Bake as directed above., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 19.5 oz. pkg. Pillsbury Classic Traditional Fudge Brownie, 12 cup Crisco Pure Vegetable Oil, 14 cup water, 2 large eggs, 34 cup large chocolate chips or chunks, 2 cups heavy cream, 4 oz. cream cheese, softened, 14 cup powdered sugar, 12 cup white baking chips, melted, 1 10 oz. pkg. frozen raspberries in syrup, thawed, 3 tbsps. sugar, 1 tsp. cornstarch], title: MakeAhead Brownie Delight, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 25720: {instructions: Add 12 cups of water to a large stockpot. Add salt and bring to a boil.nTo make lemon tarragon drawn butter, melt the butter in a heavy saucepan over mediumlow heat. When butter is fully melted, remove from heat and transfer to a glass measuring cup, or something similar. Let stand for 3 minutes. The butter should settle into 3 layers: a frothy top, a clear yellow middle, and a milky bottom. Begin by skimming or spooning the froth off the top. Then carefully and slowly pour out the clear middle layer into a bowl while retaining all of the white milky sediment in the cup. Discard the froth and white milky solids. If necessary, repeat the skimming process on the remaining butter in the cup.nIn a small pot over mediumlow heat, add clear butter, tarragon, lemon zest, and 2 tablespoons of lemon juice. Let simmer for 15 minutes. Strain off solids and transfer butter to a serving bowl.nPuree all the ginger mango puree ingredients in a blender or food processor until smooth.nTo make aioli, add the garlic, egg yolk, lemon juice, salt, and pepper to a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. If you do not have a blender or food processor, whisk the ingredients together in a bowl. Slowly drizzle in oil with the motor running and puree until aioli thickens should take 2 to 3 minutes. Cover and refrigerate. If you are using a whisk, keep beating while very gradually adding the oil until the aioli is thicku00bfthis will take several minutes.nTo make soywasabi sauce, put the wasabi in a bowl and add 2 tablespoons of the soy sauce.nUsing the back of a spoon, blend until wasabi is dissolved. Add the remaining soy sauce.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Drop the live lobsters headfirst into the pot, cover tightly, and say 10 Hail Marys. Boil for 8 to 10 minutes per pound 12 minutes should be perfect for 1 14pound lobsters. The lobsters will be a deep red color when done. To doublecheck doneness, pull off 1 of the walking legs. If it comes away easily, it is done.nServe with dips.nRecommended beverage: White Burgundy, ingredients: [12 pound salted butter, 14 cup fresh tarragon leaves, 1 lemon, zested, juiced, 1 mango, peeled, pitted, and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 12 jalapeno chile, seeds and membranes removed, minced, 4 fresh basil leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon seasoned rice vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 egg yolk, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon premixed wasabi, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon salt, 4 live 1 14pound lobsters], title: Lobster Cape Cod Style with Assorted Dips, picturelink: null}, 25721: {instructions: Coat chicken breast in flour, then saute chicken in 12 teaspoon of butter for about 4 minutes on each side. Add salt and pepper to taste. Cover chicken with prosciutto and cheese. Pour vermouth over chicken and reduce until vermouth evaporates. Add tomato sauce and bring to boil. Add heavy cream and blend together. Serve over rice pilaf or your favorite pasta., ingredients: [2 8ounce boneless skinless chicken breasts, 12 cup all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon butter, Salt and pepper, 2 slices prosciutto ham, 2 slices fontina cheese, 12 cup dry vermouth, 12 cup tomato sauce, 3 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Chicken Valdostana for Two, picturelink: null}, 25722: {instructions: Cook noodles according to package directions.nMeanwhile, in a medium saucepan, combine chicken broth, soy sauce, peanut butter, sesame oil, and hot sauce. Whisk until blended and set pan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer. Simmer 10 minutes.nHeat peanut oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add ginger and garlic and saute 2 minutes. Add bell pepper and saute 2 minutes. Add shrimp and saute 2 minutes. Add 1 cup of the peanut sauce sauce and simmer 2 minutes, until shrimp are bright pink and cooked through. Drain noodles and add to shrimp mixture. Toss to combine.nTransfer noodle mixture to 4 individual plates and top each serving with peanuts, scallions and cilantro, if desired.nReserve remaining peanut sauce for additional meals such as Robins Steak Salad with Peanutlime Dressing, or Chicken Satay with Peanut Dipping Sauce., ingredients: [8 ounces uncooked somen noodles, 3 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 teaspoons peanut oil, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 cup dry roasted peanuts, coarsely chopped, 14 cup chopped scallions, Chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish, optional], title: Peanutty Somen Noodles with Shrimp, picturelink: WooDYQjhhQQ1lYAuMWO6hzv1MCtAhNu}, 25723: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIf you like a salt rim on the glasses, rub the lime around the edge of the glass and then dip the rim of each glass lightly in a plate of kosher salt. Set aside to dry.nCombine the grapefruit juice, lime juice, orange liqueur, and ice in a blender and puree until smooth. Pour into a large pitcher and stir in the tequila. If youre not serving the margaritas in salted glasses, stir 14 teaspoon of salt into the pitcher of margaritas. Believe me, it will make a differencenServe ice cold., ingredients: [1 lime, cut in wedges, optional, Kosher salt, optional, 1 cup ruby red grapefruit juice, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice 4 limes, 1 cup orange liqueur, such a Triple Sec, 2 cups ice, 1 cup white tequila], title: Pink Grapefruit Margaritas, picturelink: odYJpE0Z2t9I2rLjTMituMxEHTzrwO}, 25724: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat, add the scallion whites cinnamon, salt, and pepper, and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic, tomato, and raisins and cook over high heat until mixture is almost dry, about 6 minutes. Add the chicken and cook stirring until meat is cooked through, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the green part of the scallions, yogurt, and pine nuts. Serve mixture stuffed into warm pita with tomato slices and cucumber slices., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 bunch scallions white and green parts separate, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 14 cup golden raisins, 1 pound lean ground chicken, 14 cup plain lowfat yogurt, 13 cup pine nuts, toasted, 4 4inch whole wheat pitas with pockets, tops trimmed and warmed, Suggested servings: sliced tomato and cucumbers], title: Middle Eastern Chicken Sloppy Joe, picturelink: null}, 25725: {instructions: Special equipment: a tortilla pressnFor the pineapplepomegranate relish: Combine the pineapple, cilantro, pomegranate, chives and lime juice in a bowl. Add honey if needed. Season the relish with salt and pepper and let sit at room temperature at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nFor the pork: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPut the pork into a large bowl and sprinkle with the ancho, New Mexican and arbol chile powders and the salt, tossing to coat evenly.nHeat the oil in a large roasting pan or braising pan over high heat until the oil begins to shimmer. Add the pork and sear until golden brown on all sides. Add the pineapple, garlic and onions and cook for 2 minutes. Add the chicken stock, pineapple juice and pomegranate juice and bring to a boil.nCover the pan tightly with aluminum foil and put in the oven. Braise until the pork is forktender, about 1 12 hours. Remove the pork to a bowl and let cool slightly, then coarsely shred with two forks.nMix together the pomegranate molasses, honey and 12 cup of the braising liquid in a large saute pan and bring to a boil over high heat. Add the shredded pork and toss to coat.nFor the puffy tacos: Combine the masa mix, salt and 2 14 cups warm water in a large bowl and mix until a smooth dough forms. Pull off pieces of dough and roll them into balls about the size of a ping pong ball.nMeanwhile, pour 2 inches of oil into a large deep pot and heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F.nCut a quartsize resealable plastic bag open down both sides to form a rectangle. Use the bag to line the tortilla press as you shape the tortillas so they do not stick: Lay one side of the plastic over the bottom of the press. Place a ball of dough in the center and fold the other side of the plastic over the dough. Shut the top and press firmly down on the dough to shape the tortilla. Continue with the remaining dough balls.nDrop a tortilla into the hot oil and, using a metal spatula, repeatedly douse the tortilla with the hot oil until it begins to puff up. Flip it over and, using the spatula, make an indentation in the center of the tortilla to form a taco shape. Transfer to paper towels to drain and sprinkle with salt.nFill the puffy taco shells with some of the pork, avocado slices, cheese, pineapplepomegranate relish, cilantro and radish slices and serve., ingredients: [34 cup finely diced fresh pineapple, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup pomegranate seeds, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced chives, Juice of 2 limes, Honey, as needed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds boneless pork shoulder, fat cap removed, cut into 1inch cubes, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons New Mexican chile powder, 1 tablespoon arbol chile powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup diced fresh pineapple, 10 cloves garlic, smashed but left whole, 1 medium Spanish onion, diced, 2 cups homemade chicken stock or lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 cups goodquality pineapple juice, 1 cup goodquality pomegranate juice, 12 cup pomegranate molasses, 2 tablespoons clover honey, 3 cups corn masa mix, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, About 4 cups canola oil, for frying, Thin slices Hass avocado, for topping, Grated Cotija cheese, for topping, Fresh cilantro leaves, for topping, Radish slices, for topping], title: Pork and Pomegranate Puffy Tacos, picturelink: jXDIB9rsInGLDQYC88tmxdF753fCkHS}, 25726: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Heat a large castiron skillet over high heat. Rub the turkey skin with 1 tablespoon olive oil rub over and under the skin with the marjoram, garlic, salt and pepper.nSear the turkey, skinside down, without moving, until golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip the turkey, then add the onions, cutside down, and cook until slightly browned, 4 to 5 more minutes. Scatter the celery and carrots over the onions, drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Add the mushrooms, drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the skillet to the oven and roast until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the turkey registers 160 degrees F and the vegetables are tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Let the turkey rest 5 minutes before slicing. Sprinkle with the parsley.nPer serving: Calories 371 Fat 15 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 119 mg Sodium 671 mg Carbohydrate 14 g Fiber 4 g Protein 44 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 skinon boneless turkey breast 1 12 to 1 34 pounds, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 teaspoon dried marjoram, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 bunches spring onions or small regular onions trimmed and halved, 4 stalks celery, cut into 3inch pieces, 2 bunches small carrots, trimmed, 1 10to12ounce package mixed mushrooms, stemmed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Skillet Turkey With Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 25727: {instructions: Special equipment: a 4inch cookie or biscuit cutternFor the filling: Coat a large wide pot with extravirgin olive oil and set over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork, cumin and some salt, and cook until the pork is cooked through. Using a slotted spoon, remove the meat and set aside. Return the pan to the heat, and coat with more oil if needed. Add the onions, season with salt and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Toss in the poblanos and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add in the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Return the pork to the pan and add the potatoes. Season with salt, and stir to combine. Add the cilantro and stir to combine. Add the wine and scrape the crud off the bottom of the pan. Then add the stock and bay leaf. Taste and season if needed. Bring to a boil and then reduce to a simmer. Partially cover and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove the lid and continue to cook, stirring frequently, until most of the liquid evaporates. The filling should be saucy but not soupy. Remove the bay leaf and cool the filling completely.nFor the dough: In a large bowl, sift together the flour, masa harina, baking powder and salt. Stir in the melted butter. Gradually add 12 cup to 34 cup water, and work it in with your hands to incorporate the dough should be easy to handle and not sticky. Form the dough into a ball, wrap it in plastic, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nLightly dust a rolling pin and a clean surface with flour. Divide the dough in half. Refrigerate half of the dough and roll out the other half of the dough to 18inch thick. Using a 4inch cookie or biscuit cutter, cut out 10 circles of dough. Repeat with the remaining dough.nIn a small bowl, beat the egg with 1 tablespoon water. Spoon 2 generous tablespoons of the filling into the center of each pastry circle, leaving a 12inch border. Brush the edges with the egg wash and then fold the dough to enclose the filling and form a semicircle. Tightly seal the edges by crimping with the tines of a fork. Chill for at least 30 minutes.nFor the sauce: Preheat a grill pan to high heat. Grill the tomatillos on all sides until charred, then remove and cool. When cool enough to handle, coarsely chop the tomatillos.nCoat a large saute pan with oil and set over medium heat. Add the garlic, jalapenos and half of the cilantro, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the tomatillos, season with salt and stir to combine. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the lime zest and juice and the remaining cilantro. Transfer to a food processor and puree until smooth.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet.nPlace the empanadas on the prepared baking sheet and brush the tops with some egg wash. Using a fork, prick a few holes in the tops of the empanadas for the steam to escape. Bake until golden brown, 30 minutes.nServe hot with the charred tomatillo salsa., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for coating, 1 pound ground pork, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, toasted and finely ground, Kosher salt, 12 onion, cut into 14inch dice, 12 poblano pepper, stemmed, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 2 large Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 14inch dice, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves and stems finely chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup masa harina, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 large egg, Butter, for greasing, 3 tomatillos, husks removed, Extravirgin olive oil, for coating, 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 12 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 14 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves and stems finely chopped, Kosher salt, 12 lime, zested and juiced], title: Pork and Potato Empanadas with Charred Tomatillo Sauce, picturelink: .F1EM3YeZmDLkJ4avqNmqHKIR0yTPA6}, 25728: {instructions: Add the vodka, Campari and pineapple juice to a large punch bowl. Stir until well mixed. Top with the prosecco. Serve chilled in your favorite punch glasses., ingredients: [2 cups vodka, chilled, 1 cup Campari, chilled, 1 cup pineapple juice, chilled, 2 bottles prosecco, chilled], title: Starving Artist Cocktail, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 25729: {instructions: Cut chocolate doughnut holes in half and sandwich with chocolate ice cream freeze until firm trim the bases, if necessary, so they sit flat. Melt 4 ounces chopped semisweet chocolate in the microwave, stirring every 30 seconds. Let cool a few minutes, then dip the tops of the ice cream sandwiches in the chocolate mixture and sprinkle with white nonpareils. Freeze at least 1 hour., ingredients: [], title: TripleChocolate Doughnut Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 25730: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 tablespoons of oil in a heavy large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, carrots, garlic, and thyme and saute until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the broth, bell peppers, potato, wine, and sugar. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Decrease the heat to mediumlow. Partially cover and simmer until the potatoes are very tender, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Cool the soup slightly.nUsing an immersion hand blender, puree the soup in the pot until it is smooth. Alternately, working in batches, puree the soup in a regular blender, taking care while blending warm liquids. Season the soup, to taste, with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the bread cubes and saute until they are crisp and golden, about 8 minutes.nLadle the soup into bowls. Dollop a tablespoon of mascarpone in the center of each bowl and top with croutons. Sprinkle with pepper and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 onions, chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 6 cups chicken broth, 2 12ounce jars roasted red bell peppers preserved in water, drained, 1 russet potato, peeled and coarsely chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 34inch thick baguette slices, cut into 12 to 34inch cubes, 12 cup mascarpone cheese], title: Creamy Red Pepper Soup, picturelink: Vnp.G37eBN.BK1mxaMlsz8RPoX7wvna}, 25731: {instructions: In a small skillet over medium heat cook sesame seeds until fragrant and golden. Remove to a small bowl.nArrange the fish on a plate. Rub with garlic. Sprinkle ginger and chives over fish. Drizzle with soy sauce and lemon juice. Sprinkle with sesame seeds.nHeat the olive and sesame oil in a small saucepan until it begins to smoke.nPour hot oil over fish. The hot oil will sear the fish as it makes contact., ingredients: [12 teaspoon sesame seeds, 3 ounces sashimiquality fluke fillet, thinly sliced on the diagonal, 1 small clove garlic, minced, Finely julienned fresh ginger, Fresh chives, cut into 1 12inch lengths, to taste, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons sesame oil], title: NewStyle Sashimi, picturelink: null}, 25732: {instructions: For the thousand island dressing: Combine the mayonnaise, chili sauce, ketchup, lemon juice, sweet pickles and capers together in a mixing bowl and mix until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the butter lettuce salad: Quarter each head of lettuce, removing the cores. Arrange the lettuce in a serving bowl or on individual salad plates. Cut the Pickled Sugar Snap peas in half on the diagonal and toss evenly over the lettuce. Drizzle the homemade thousand island dressing over the salad and top with the Homemade Breadcrumbs.nYou can pickle just about anything, not just cucumbers...sugar snap peas are one of my favorites.nPlace the vinegar, sugar, salt, coriander and mustard seeds in a small saucepan and stir to combine. Bring to a boil and turn off the heat. Place the snap peas in a bowl or canning jar and pour the pickling brine over them so they are submerged. Cover with plastic wrap or a jar lid for at least 30 minutes before removing.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Place the bread cubes in a single layer on a sheet tray and bake 10 minutes to dry out. Pulse in a food processor until the bread is in fine crumbs but still has a little texture. Toss with olive oil, salt and pepper. Raise the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Place the breadcrumbs back on the sheet tray and bake until golden brown, another 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chili sauce, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped sweet pickles or gherkins, 2 teaspoons finely chopped capers, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 2 heads butter Bibb lettuce, 1 cup Quick Pickled Sugar Snap Peas, recipe follows, Homemade Breadcrumbs, for serving, recipe follows, 34 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon whole coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon whole mustard seeds, 1 cup snap peas, trimmed, 14 baguette, cubed about 3 cups, Olive oil, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper], title: Butter Lettuce Salad with Pickled Sugar Snap Peas and Homemade Thousand Island Dressing, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 25733: {instructions: Using a fork, coarsely mash avocado with lemon juice and garlicnStir in remaining ingredients to blend, ingredients: [4 ripe, Fresh California Avocados, seeded and peeled, 2 tbsp. lemon juice, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 1 tomato, finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 18 tsp. ground cumin, 3 drops hot pepper sauce, Tortilla chips], title: Classic Guacamole, picturelink: HTbBgLdQSw4CoU23oUBLbkHxNst2Ey}, 25734: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine the water or broth, milk, salt, and cayenne and bring to a boil. Slowly whisk in the grits and lower the heat to a simmer. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 30 minutes.nStir in the cheese and butter until evenly incorporated. Season with pepper to taste. Serve immediately.nRemove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 cups water or chicken broth, homemade or low sodium canned, 3 cups whole milk, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 14 cups grits not instant, 1 12 cups grated sharp cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 3 to 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 large eggs beaten optional], title: Cheese Grits, picturelink: null}, 25735: {instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add milk and egg and beat until smooth. Sift together flour, baking powder and salt. Add to creamed mixture. Mix until moistened. Toss blueberries with flour and fold into batter. Fill a wellgreased muffin pan 23 full with the batter. Bake at 400 degrees for 20 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup butter, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup milk, 1 egg, 1 34 cup sifted flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup blueberries, 1 tablespoon flour], title: Blueberry Muffins, picturelink: null}, 25736: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the panko and half of the cheese. Set aside.nHeat the stock, milk, bay leaf and thyme in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat until steaming. Keep warm while you prepare the vegetables. You can skip infusing the liquid with the herbs if you like, but it does need to be warmed so it doesnt make lumpy gravy when you add it to the flour.nHeat the butter in a large ovenproof and flameproof casserole or skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and celery. Cook until the onion is soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper cook until tender, stirring occasionally, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 45 to 60 seconds. Add the flour and stir to combine. The mixture will be dry.nRemove the bay leaf and thyme from the stock mixture. Whisk the stock into the flour and vegetables. Add the remaining cup of cheese and stir until smooth. Add the rice and stir to combine. Add the sour cream, cayenne and nutmeg stir until smooth. Place the 6 pieces of chicken in the casserole and snuggle them into the rice. Cover with a tightfitting lid and transfer to the oven. Bake until the rice is tender and the liquid has been absorbed, about 40 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the broccoli in a microwavesafe bowl with 14 cup of water. Cover and microwave until the broccoli is just tender and bright green, about 2 minutes, depending on the strength of your microwave. Drain the broccoli and keep warm.nOnce the rice is tender and the liquid has been absorbed, remove the casserole from the oven and stir in the broccoli. Its easiest if you transfer the chicken to a plate first, then stir in the broccoli, then pop the chicken back on top. Smooth the top and sprinkle with the reserved pankocheese mixture. Return to the oven and bake until the topping is golden brown, about 15 minutes longer. Place the casserole on a rack to cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 cups extrasharp Cheddar cheese, grated about 8 ounces, 2 cups homemade chicken stock or canned reducedfat lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups 2percent or whole milk, 1 bay leaf, preferably fresh, 1 thyme sprig, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, diced, 8 ounces sliced cremini mushrooms, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups longgrain rice, 34 cup sour cream, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 3 boneless skinless chicken breasts, halved, or 6 boneless skinless thighs about 1 12 pounds, 1 pound broccoli crown, chopped into small florets], title: Cheesy Broccoli, Chicken and Rice Casserole, picturelink: 34RLjLxuuesghcEl3bslZ7ZPqN5p1nq}, 25737: {instructions: Cut the bread into tiny slices and place in a large bowl, pressing down gently to lightly pack them into the bowl. Sprinkle with 6 tablespoons water and the salt, cover with a damp cloth and let stand overnight.nThe next day, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a castiron or heavy skillet. Add the garlic and peppers and saute, stirring often, until caramelized and roasted from the hot oil, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain the garlic cloves and peppers from the oil and reserve in a separate dish. They will be used as the garnish for the final dish.nIn the same skillet, fry the bacon until golden and crisp. Drain the bacon and set aside, to be added back to the skillet a little later in the recipe. Remove the skillet from the heat and drain off any excess oil leave 1 to 2 tablespoons of fat in the skillet.nStir in the pimenton. Return the skillet to medium heat and add the reserved sliced bread and bacon. Let the underside of the bread roast in the hot oil until golden, about 3 minutes. With the edge of a large metal spoon, break up the mixture and stir and fry in the oil, while gradually adding 1 tablespoon water, one drop at a time. Continue to fry, stir and break up the bread and bacon, incorporating the golden crust into the crumb mixture, until the crumbs are the size of rice kernels and are golden and crisp, 20 to 30 minutes.nServe hot, accompanied by the fried peppers and garlic cloves in a separate dish to be added to each serving for garnish., ingredients: [1 loaf dayold, firm, countrystyle bread or baguette about 2 14 pounds, very thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 7 cloves garlic, intact and unpeeled, 2 green peppers, sliced, 2 red peppers, sliced, 5 ounces slab bacon, diced, 1 tablespoon sweet pimenton or Spanish paprika], title: Migas Extremenas ExtremaduraStyle Fried Breadcrumbs, picturelink: null}, 25738: {instructions: Place 2 Champagne flutes into the freezer to chill for 10 minutes.nRemove the glasses from the freezer.nTo each glass add: 1 tablespoon pomegranate seeds, 4 ounces Champagne, 1 ounce pear juice, and 1 ounce pomegranate juice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh pomegranate seeds, 8 ounces Champagne or sparkling wine, 2 ounces pear juice, 2 ounces pomegranate juice], title: Christmas Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 25739: {instructions: Prepare vinaigrette just before use. Through the feed opening of a running blender, add 1 at a time: champagne vinegar, lemon juice, chopped mint, salt and pepper. Leaving the blender running, add the oil in a slow stream. Adjust seasoning, to taste, with salt and pepper.nToss together arugula and onion. Fold in watermelon. Gently stir in enough of the vinaigrette to coat. Top with feta cheese. Serve with any extra dressing on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, from about 3 or 4 sprigs, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup grapeseed oil, 1 head arugula, soaked to remove all grit, stiff spines of leaves removed, dried in a salad spinner, and torn into bitesized pieces, 1 small red onion, sliced thin, 1 small seedless watermelon, such as Crimson Sweet or your choice, as long as the seeds are removed cut into 1inch cubes or into 1inch spheres with a melon baller, 3 ounces feta cheese, cubed], title: Watermelon Salad, picturelink: r9WSr.NOgwO2Y9CbKtFij5fT.3nHcC}, 25740: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oil to 375 degrees F.nWhisk the beer, flour, salt and pepper until smooth.nDip green beans into batter to coat, letting excess drip off. Fry in the peanut oil in batches, until they are golden and crisp. Remove from oil with a spider strainer to a paper towel lined sheet tray. Sprinkle with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 1 cup beer, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 pound green beans, ends trimmed], title: Fried Green Beans, picturelink: pdCOv5brBdLmg8aeDETObD4ncF8h72S}, 25741: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a plastic bag, mix the flour, seasoned salt and some salt and pepper. In a bowl, mix the eggs with 2 tablespoons water. In a separate bowl, add the breadcrumbs.nShake the chicken pieces in the bag to coat. In batches, dip them in the egg wash, then in the breadcrumbs.nHeat about 2 inches of vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until a few breadcrumbs dropped in the oil start to sizzle immediately. Fry the chicken, in batches if needed, until golden brown and cooked through, a couple minutes per side. Drain on a paper towel and serve with ketchup., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon seasoned salt, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 2 cup seasoned breadcrumbs, 2 chicken breasts, cut into small pieces, Vegetable oil, for frying, Ketchup, for serving], title: Chicken Nuggets, picturelink: 2NoUOQ78ix9OVD6cBAB8hZyKkL5IH7e}, 25742: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine 2 tablespoons of the olive oil with the vinegar, a little salt and pepper, and the salmon. Just before serving, put the shells on a baking sheet covered with crumpled aluminum foil so the shells stay flat. Preheat the broiler. Arrange the scallops in their shells and spoon on the smoked salmon mixture. Season lightly with salt and pepper and slide under the broiler for about 3 minutes, until the tops of the scallops turn opaque. Decorate each scallop with a tiny pinch of chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 bay scallops in the shell, shucked, shells removed, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper, 1 thin slice of smoked salmon about 1 ounce, cut into very thin 1inch shreds, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh chopped chives], title: Bay Scallops with Smoked Salmon and Balsamic Vinegar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 25743: {instructions: If you are using this dough to make either the sticky orangecoconut pinwheels or the killer pecan sticky buns, proceed directly to those recipes after Note.nCombine the water, yeast, and 1 teaspoon of the sugar in a small bowl stir to combine. Let stand in a warm place until small bubbles form on the surface, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the milk, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, salt, and remaining 2 teaspoons sugar in a small saucepan over very low heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until sugar has dissolved and the butter has melted. Be sure not to let the mixture become hotter than 115 degrees F, or it will kill the yeast. Remove from heat, and pour into a large bowl add the yeast mixture. Stir until combined. Add 6 cups flour, and stir until the mixture forms a soft dough. It may be necessary to add the remaining 12 cup flour. Transfer mixture to a lightly floured work surface, and knead until the dough is smooth, 5 to 8 minutes.nLightly oil a large bowl, and place dough in bowl. Cover, and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, 30 to 45 minutes. At this point, dough may be stored, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. Allow dough to reach room temperature before proceeding with the recipe.nPunch dough down, and divide equally in half. Place on a clean work surface, and cover loosely with a kitchen towel or inverted bowl. Let rest for 5 to 10 minutes. Note: If you are using this dough to make either the sticky orangecoconut pinwheels or the killer pecan sticky buns, proceed to one of the following recipes.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly butter a baking sheet set aside. Melt remaining 3 tablespoons butter set aside.nWorking with 1 piece of dough at a time, roll out on a lightly floured work surface until 34inch thick. Using a 2 12inch biscuit cutter, cut out about 2 dozen rolls. Place rolls on prepared baking sheet, and let rise until rolls have doubled in size, 15 to 20 minutes. Brush tops lightly with melted butter. Repeat with remaining dough.nBake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve immediately.nButter a 9inch round glass baking dish with 2 tablespoons butter set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine raisins and bourbon, and let soak until plumped, about 20 minutes.nIn a second small bowl, combine cinnamon, 12 cup brown sugar, and remaining 6 tablespoons butter set aside.nIn a third small bowl, combine remaining 34 cup brown sugar, honey, and pecans. Spread mixture evenly in prepared baking dish set aside.nRoll dough into a 12 inch by 6inch rectangle about 14inch thick. Spread the brown sugar and butter mixture evenly over dough, leaving a 1inch border. Drain raisins, and sprinkle over brownsugar mixture. Beginning with the long side of the dough, roll into a log. Place the log, seam side down, on a clean work surface. Using a sharp knife, cut the log crosswise into 1inchthick slices. Transfer slices, cut side down, to prepared baking dish the slices should fit snugly. Set aside in a warm place, and allow to rise until slightly puffy, 20 to 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place baking dish on a baking sheet with sides and bake until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean and the buns are golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes.nLet cool for 5 minutes. While still warm, place a plate over baking dish. Invert baking dish to unmold. Serve warm or at room temperature.nYield: 12 bunsnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9inch round glass baking dish set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine the sugar, coconut, and orange zest set aside.nUsing a rolling pin, roll dough into a 12inch round, about 14inch thick. Brush with melted butter set aside. Sprinkle sugar mixture evenly over dough. Cut into 12 equal pieshaped wedges. Roll up wedges, beginning at the wide end. Arrange wedges in a pinwheel pattern in prepared baking dish. Cover with a clean kitchen towel, and let rise until doubled in size, about 30 minutes.nBake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Drizzle glaze over pinwheels.nYield: 1 9inch cakenIn a medium saucepan, combine all ingredients. Cook, stirring constantly, over medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase the heat to high, and bring mixture to a boil. Cook, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes more.nYield: 34 cup, ingredients: [12 cup warm water 105 degrees F to 115 degrees F, 1 14ounce package dry yeast, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 cups milk, 11 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for baking sheet, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 to 6 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup raisins, 12 cup bourbon, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 14 cups firmly packed lightbrown sugar, 12 cup honey, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 recipe Granny Fosters Refrigerator Roll Dough recipe above, prepared through Note, 1 tablespoon unsalted melted butter, plus more for baking dish, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup flaked sweetened coconut, 1 orange, zested, 14 recipe Granny Fosters Refrigerator Roll Dough recipe above, prepared through Step 5, Glaze, recipe follows, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Granny Fosters Refrigerator Rolls, picturelink: null}, 25744: {instructions: Toast salt in a dry, small, heavy skillet, over moderate heat, stirring, until salt turns light tan, about 7 minutes. Transfer salt to a bowl. Toast Szechuan peppercorns in skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Transfer toasted peppercorns to a sheet or waxed paper to cool. Using paper as a funnel, pour peppercorns into an electric coffeespice grinder or a mortar. Add pink peppercorns and pulse or pound with a pestle until finely ground. Pour through a coarse sieve into bowl of salt and stir together. Cook edamame in 4 batches in salted boiling water until tender, about 4 minutes and immediately transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Return water to boil between batches. Drain in a colander and pat dry. Toss edamame with some peppered salt to taste and serve with remainder on the side., ingredients: [12 cup Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons Szechuan peppercorns, 2 tablespoons pink peppercorns, 4 1 pound bags frozen edamame soybeans in the pod], title: Salt and Pepper Edamame, picturelink: null}, 25745: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 9inch spring form pannCrust:nIf using the anise seeds, lightly toast them in skillet over medium heat until aromatic, 2 minutes. Grind in a spice mill or mortar and pestle until fine. Combine the butter and sugar in a food processor until creamy. Add the egg, anise seed if using, vanilla and salt and pulse to combine. This may look rough and curdy, but dont worry, it all comes back together. Add about half of the flour and pulse quickly 3 to 4 times to incorporate. Scrape down the edges of the processor and add the remaining flour. Pulse just enough to make a coarse, crumbly dough. Press dough into the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch spring form pan to form a thin, even layer see photo, using waxed paper to smooth. Freeze crust while you prepare the filling.nFilling:nPulse 1 14 cup almonds in a food processor until very finely ground take care not to over process the nuts or they can get oily. Transfer nuts to a bowl. In the same processor, combine the butter and sugar until smooth. Add the cinnamon and continue to pulse until evenly combined. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and pulse in the egg. Add the reserved almonds and pulse until just blended. Arrange the plums cut side down, over the crust. Spread the filling on top and smooth with a small offset spatula. Sprinkle with the remaining almonds and place in the freezer for 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake pie until the filling puffs and is golden but still slightly soft in the center, 1 hour 15 minutes for a glass bottomed pan, or 1 hour 30 minutes for an aluminum pan. If the crust begins to over brown, cover the pie with foil during the last 15 minutes of cooking. When pie is done, turn off the oven and prop door open. Cool pie in the oven for 15 minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely. Serve at room temperature with ice cream or lightly sweetened whipped cream.nMake ahead:n Pie can be assembled and frozen up to 2 weeks in advance. Bake frozen pie for about 1 12 hours.  Baked pie can be tightly wrapped and refrigerated for up to 2 days, or frozen for up to 2 weeks. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 teaspoons anise seeds, optional, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, sliced, at room temperature 1 14 sticks, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups sliced almonds, with skin, plus 14 cup for top, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, sliced and at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 large egg, 34 pound firmripe Italian, prune or Angeleno plums about 10, pitted and halved or quartered, Ice cream, or whipped cream], title: Deep Dish Plum and Almond Pie, picturelink: yzoGFtss7LumqiPKJu3Uc2iIYWSzT2}, 25746: {instructions: In a medium saucepan add a 2 count of extravirgin olive oil. Add the red onion, apricots and almonds and saute gently over low heat until translucent and slightly fragrant. Add the couscous then dump in the warm chicken broth. Stir with a fork to combine, add lemon zest and cover. Let sit for 10 minutes, then uncover and add the scallions, mint, and cilantro. Fluff again with a fork. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Toss gently to combine.nServe familystyle on a large platter and garnish with fresh cilantro., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 small red onion, small dice, 14 cup dried apricots, coarsely chopped, 14 cup whole almonds toasted, coarsely chopped, 1 cup couscous, 1 12 cups chicken stock, warm, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 scallions green parts only, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, roughly chopped, 12 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped plus leaves for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Apricot Couscous, picturelink: oAZ6nAUIdcK5Gh6NMTXk64uiPwtGkk2}, 25747: {instructions: Spray a grill or charcoal broiler with pan coating. Season the fillets with lemon pepper and cook for approximately 15 minutes, turning once. Fillets should be white throughout and flaky, but not overcooked. Place 14 pound halibut over 3 heated tortillas. Add 14 cup cabbage and top with 2 ounces of creamy avocado sauce. Repeat the process for remainder of ingredients.nTo make creamy avocado sauce: Mix all of the ingredients together in a medium sized bowl., ingredients: [1 pound halibut fillets, Lemon pepper seasoning, 12 6inch corn tortillas, 1 cup chopped cabbage, 12 cup creamy avocado sauce, recipe follows, 1 avocado, 2 green onions, chopped, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup sour cream, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon green habanero sauce, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon lemon pepper], title: Tacos de Mero: Halibut Tacos, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 25748: {instructions: Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking.nIn a bowl, combine chicken tenders with 12 cup salad dressing set aside. Brush pizza crust with remaining 2 tablespoons of dressing and top with cheeses set aside.nRemove chicken from marinade and cook on hot oiled grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until just done. Remove from grill and place on top of pizza.nSlide pizza onto grill and cook, covered, 8 to 10 minutes, or until cheese has melted and begun to bubble.nFor the topping:nWhile pizza is cooking, toss shredded romaine with lemon juice. Add 14 cup dressing and 14 cup Parmesan. Toss and set aside.nRemove pizza from grill and cut into wedges. Top with salad and garnish with croutons. Serve immediately., ingredients: [34 pound chicken tenders, 12 cup Caesar salad dressing, plus 2 tablespoons recommended: Wishbone, 1 12inch thin pizza crust recommended: Boboli, 1 34 cups shredded mozzarella and asiago cheese recommended: Sargento, 14 cup shredded Parmesan recommended: Kraft, 4 cups hearts of romaine, shredded recommended: Ready Pac, 1 tablespoon lemon juice recommended: ReaLemon, 14 cup Caesar salad dressing recommended: Wishbone, 14 cup shredded Parmesan recommended: Kraft, 1 cup seasoned croutons recommended: Marie Callenders], title: Chicken Caesar Salad Pizza, picturelink: Egl72AWHn82wMTE1CEnS.1lNwpq9vN2}, 25749: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring broth to a boil over high heat. Remove from heat, add bulgur and lemon zest, cover, and let sit for 5 to 7 minutes, until bulgur has absorbed all the water. Transfer to a serving bowl, mix in almonds, mint, red pepper, lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups vegetable broth, 1 cup finegrained bulgur wheat, 12 lemon, zested and juiced, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 14 cup chopped mint leaves, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: WildStyle Grains N Thangs, picturelink: null}, 25750: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine flour, butter, egg, salt and 1 teaspoon water. Mix lightly with your fingertips until pastry forms peasized pieces. You should be able to see chunks of fat, and the pastry should be moist enough to begin to stick together. If the pastry is too dry, add up to 2 more tablespoons of water.nTurn the pastry out onto a lightly floured work surface, dust with flour, and knead it until the pastry is smooth, about 3 to 4 times. Transfer to a plastic bag and form pastry into a disk. Refrigerate a minimum of 30 minutes, or up to 3 days.nIn a small bowl, combine the watercress and crabmeat and toss well. Set aside. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees and arrange the rack in the middle of the oven. On a generously floured surface, roll pastry from the center out, lifting the pastry, turning slightly, and occasionally flipping to prevent sticking. Roll pastry to 18inch thickness. Lightly butter and flour a 8 by 12inch tart pan with removable bottom, and line with pastry. fork. Line the pastry with parchment or aluminum foil larger Prick the bottom all over with a than the pan and fill the pan with weights, rice, or beans. Bake about 20 minutes, until the edges begin to color. Remove the paper and weights, and brush the mustard over the bottom of the pastry. Lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. In a bowl, beat eggs and yolks lightly with milk and cream, add sherry, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Spoon crab mixture into tart shell, spreading evenly. Pour custard over crab to within 14inch of the top of the crust. Bake 25 to 30 minutes, or until custard puffs. Allow to cool 10 minutes before serving. Remove tart shell and serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [1 13 cups flour, 12 cup 1 stick cold, unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 to 3 tablespoons iced water, 1 bunch watercress, cleaned and finely chopped, 8 ounces cooked crabmeat, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 2 eggs, 2 yolks, 34 cup milk, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sherry, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Crab Quiche, picturelink: null}, 25751: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Remove crusts from bread and reserve. Cut bread slices into cubes. In a large bowl, beat eggs well. Add milk, cream, sugar, vanilla, Grand Marnier and mix well. Add cinnamon, juice, and lemon zest. Stir in cherries and raisins. Add bread cubes and stir until well coated. Let stand 30 minutes, stirring often. If mixture is soupy, you may need to add additional slices of white bread crusts removed. The mixture should be wet but not soupy. Pour into buttered baking dish, dusted with sugar. Prepare topping in a food processor. Add crusts, butter and brown sugar, pulsing until mixture is crumbly. Spread evenly over top of pudding. Bake in a water bath for 50 minutes covered with foil. Remove foil and bake another 10 minutes or until brown on top. Serve with bourbon sauce.nMix eggs, butter, and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add vanilla and 12 cup bourbon. In top of a double boiler cook until temperature reads 165 on a thermometer. Beating constantly and being careful not to curdle eggs. Remove from heat and strain. In a mixer bowl, beat sauce until slightly cool, adding remaining bourbon a little at a time. Serve with bread pudding., ingredients: [2 loaves Raisin Cinnamon Bread, 8 eggs plus 2 egg whites, 2 cups milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup sugar or vanilla sugar, 2 tablespoon Madagascar vanilla, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 lemon juiced and zested, 1 cup dried cherries and raisins, 14 cup melted butter, for baking dish, 2 cups bread crumbs from crusts, Bourbon sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 stick cold butter, cut into cubes, 2 egg yolks, 1 stick butter, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 1 cup bourbon], title: Southern Style Christmas Bread Pudding with Bourbon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 25752: {instructions: Make the Biscuits:nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt. While stirring with a wooden spoon, slowly pour the cream into the center of the bowl, and continue mixing until a dough just forms. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and roll into a 34inch thick rectangle. Cut the dough into 6 large, equalsized squares and transfer them to a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Refrigerate until ready to use. The biscuit may be prepared up to a day in advance.nMake the Filling:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the turkey breast in large roasting pan, cover with the chicken stock, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until just cooked through and an instantread thermometer inserted in the breast reads 165 degrees F. Transfer the turkey breast to plate and let cool. Pull the turkey into small pieces and set aside.nTransfer the chicken stock to a saucepan, bring to a boil, and reduce to 1 12 cups.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a small saucepan. In another roasting pan, toss together the carrot, rutabaga, parsnip, and turnip with the butter and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until browned and tender, about 35 to 40 minutes.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 10 minutes. Set aside.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add the reduced chicken stock, bring to boil, lower the heat and simmer for 15 minutes.nWhile the sauce is simmering, bake the biscuits until golden brown, about 15 minutes.nStir the cream into the sauce and return to a boil. Stir in the pulled turkey, roasted vegetables, onionmushroom mixture, thyme, and parsley. Season the filling with salt and pepper, to taste. The filling may be prepared up to 3 days in advance, and reheated before serving.nDivide the hot filling among 6 warmed 12inch wide bowls. Place a biscuit in the center of each and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 14 tablespoons baking powder, 4 12 teaspoons sugar, 3 teaspoons fine salt, 3 34 cups heavy cream, chilled, One 5 to 6pound bonein turkey breast, 6 cups chicken stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into a large dice, 1 rutabaga, peeled and cut into a large dice, 1 parsnip, peeled and cut into a large dice, 1 purpletopped turnip, peeled and cut into a large dice, 1 onion, diced, 2 cups quartered cremini mushrooms, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: DutchStyle Turkey Pot Pie, picturelink: jmfcpeAEfppogi8FpDSDpYk9jIDBZy}, 25753: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill pan over high heat. Place the onions and tomatillos cutside down and the bell peppers cutside up on the grill. Grill the vegetables until charred, about 10 minutes. Place in a blender and puree until smooth. Set aside. Heat the oil in large nonstick Dutch oven set over high heat. Add the pork and cook, stirring, until the meat is no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, add the garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the vegetable puree, oregano and bay leaf. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in the spinach and cook until wilted, about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish with the diced tomatoes and cilantro leaves to serve., ingredients: [1 medium onion, halved, 1 pound tomatillos, husks removed and halved, 1 large green bell pepper, halved, seeded, stemmed and ribs removed, 1 teaspoon canola oil, 1 pound lean ground pork, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 whole bay leaf, 3 cups baby spinach, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup diced tomatoes, 2 sprigs fresh cilantro], title: Paleo Pork Chili Verde, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 25754: {instructions: In a large heavy saucepan cover potatoes with cold salted water by 1 inch and simmer until tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nTransfer potatoes with a slotted spoon to a colander to drain and cool 10 minutes. Return water in pan to a boil and blanch snap peas until crisptender, about 1 minute. In a colander, drain snap peas and refresh under cold water. Drain snap peas and pat dry with paper towels.nCut potatoes lengthwise into quarters. In a bowl toss together potatoes, snap peas, vinegar, oil, mint, and salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [3 pounds small purple or other boiling potatoes, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds sugar snap peas, trimmed, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup lightly packed fresh mint leaves, sliced thin, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Mess of Pease and Things Purple Potato, Sugar Snap Pea, and Mint Salad, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 25755: {instructions: Bring broth to a boil. Add greens and bring back to a simmernRight before serving, pour beaten eggs into soup they should curdle into ribbon shaped strands. Season to taste with salt and pepper and remove from heatnLadle into soup bowls and sprinkle Parmesan over top., ingredients: [6 cups chicken broth, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 pound escarole, fresh spinach or romaine lettuce, cut into chiffonade, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Egg Ribbon Soup, picturelink: null}, 25756: {instructions: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and saute until tender, about 10 minutes. Add rice and stir to coat. Add stock, lime juice and lime peel. Bring to boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand covered 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nTransfer rice to serving bowl. Sprinkle with parsley or cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, peeled, finely chopped, 2 cups long grain white rice, 3 34 cups vegetable or chicken stock, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons grated lime peel, Chopped fresh parsley or cilantro], title: Lime Rice Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 25757: {instructions: Roll out shortcrust pastry to fit 8inch pie plate. Prick base with a fork. Place a piece of greaseproof paper over pastry  fill with dried peas and bake in a preheated 425 degree F. oven for 20 minutes. Remove paper and dried peas and allow to cool. Lower the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Lightly saute bacon in a fry pan. Place bacon strips on base of pastry case. Strew with thin slices of gruyere cheese. Mix eggs with milk and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Pour half the milk and egg mixture over the cheese and bacon. Leave for 2 minutes to set, then add the remainder. Place into the oven and allow to bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from oven, place on serving dish and serve hot or cold, cut into small slices., ingredients: [12 ounces shortcrust pastry, 6 ounces bacon rashers, rinds removed and cut into strips to fit pastry base, 3 ounces gruyere cheese, cut into thin slices, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups milk, Salt, pepper and nutmeg to season], title: Quiche A La Lorraine, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 25758: {instructions: For the filling: Place the tuna on a cutting board. Remove the skin, if any, and dice the fish into 14inch cubes and place in a large bowl. Mince the ginger and green onions and add to the tuna. Blend in the egg whites sherry and the soy sauce. Toss, and chill in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.nTo assemble: Keep a cup of water, your filling, and your wrappers handy. Lay a few wrappers out flat on a countertop. Place about 1ounce of filling into the center of a wrapper using a tablespoon. Dip your finger in the water or use a wet brush and run your wet fingernor wet brush along 2 connected edges of the wrapper. Say, for example, the left side and the bottom. The area you are creating here is a moist strip along the half of the perimeter where water is applied. Fold the wrapper over on the diagonal. The 2 moist sides will bond to their dry counterparts to make a nice little triangular pocket. Remember that the water acts like a glue. Thus, if wet edges are folded to the dry edges, all is well otherwise, your pot stickers will come open. If you get pulled away in the process of assembling, cover the wrappers with a kitchen towel to keep them moist until you get back.nTo give the foldedover wrappers that traditional pot sticker look, pick up the wrapper and fold over the sides that have been joined with water in a pleating action. Make 3 or 4 pleats. Put the assembled wrappers on a parchmentlined pan, but make sure that they do not touch each other. If they are left touching, they will stick together, which is bad news because, when you go to separate them, you will have pot stickers with holes. However, this is less of a problem if you use traditional pot sticker wrappers, as they are thicker. When all of the pot stickers are assembled in wrappers, you can cook them immediately at this point or you can freeze them for future cooking. We freeze them by the hundreds at the Diner, placing them in airtight containers more suited for freezer storage.nFor the pot stickers: Heat a griddle, wok, or pan over mediumhigh heat. When hot, cover the bottom with nonstick spray. Put the pot stickers in the pan and cover with a tightfitting lid or, if you are working on a griddle, use a pan to cover the pot stickers.nLift the lid, toss in about a quarter of a cup of water, and quickly close the lid. Let the pot stickers steam for about 4 minutes. If you really need to satisfy your curiosity and take a peek, just be sure to add more water. The end result should be that the pot stickers have a crispy golden brown bottom and a soft pasta top. We serve them at the Diner on a bed of garlicsauteed spinach with a soy dipping sauce. Chopsticks are provided. I also recommend them with any good commercial spicy chili oil. To make the soy dipping sauce, mix equal parts soy and rice wine vinegar. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 pound ahi tuna, sushi grade, 1ounce fresh ginger, 1 bunch green onion, 3 large eggs, whites only, 2 ounces sherry, 2 ounces soy sauce, 20 round won ton wrappers see Cooks Note, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Ahi Tuna Pot Stickers, picturelink: null}, 25759: {instructions: Heat butter and olive oil in a 3 to 4quart Dutch oven or heavybottomed saucepan with a tight fitting lid over medium heat. When oil shimmers, add onion, garlic, cumin, and cinnamon, and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until spices are aromatic and onions are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes.nAdd squash and potatoes, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, stir to coat, and cook until just tender, about 3 minutes. Add broth, chickpeas, tomatoes and their juices, and saffron, if using. Bring mixture to a boil then reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer until squash is fork tender, about 10 minutes.nRemove from heat and stir in preserved lemon and olives. Serve over couscous garnished with cilantro, almonds, and yogurt., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, small dice, 4 medium cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 3inch cinnamon stick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound butternut squash, large dice, 34 pound red potatoes, large dice, 2 cups lowsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 2 cups cooked chickpeas, drained, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, with juices, Pinch saffron threads, optional, 12 preserved lemon, finely chopped, 1 cup brined green olives recommend: Cerignola, Steamed couscous, for serving, Fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, for garnish, Toasted slivered almonds, for garnish, Plain yogurt, for garnish], title: Squash and Chickpea Moroccan Stew, picturelink: 1mgz8VzS1S3jHGZJaQwdaJ4vCe4U9q}, 25760: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, chopped anchovies, thyme, salt and pepper and cook until the onions are sweet and golden brown, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, holding the knife parallel to the cutting board, shave off the rounded top and bottom of the baguette with a serrated knife so that it lies flat. Then cut the baguette in half lengthwise to make 2 long slices of bread. Brush both sides of each with the remaining 4 tablespoons butter.nWhen the onions are cooked, put the bread slices on a baking sheet and spread with the onions. Garnish with olives and drizzle with olive oil. Place in the oven and bake until the bread is crispy, about 15 minutes. Shower with Parmigiano. Cut into pieces and serve hot.nServe the onion toasts alongside an assortment of Italian meats., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 4 tablespoons, softened, for brushing the bread, 3 onions, sliced, 3 to 4 anchovy halves, chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 baguette, 13 cup pitted Nicoise olives, Extravirgin olive oil, Shaved ParmigianoReggiano, Serving suggestion: store bought Italian cured meats, such as some sliced prosciutto, sliced mortadella and your favorite hard salami], title: Caramelized Onion Toasts, picturelink: Oh.cm1zQMvhTiO7EkTCmGM5bMWD1xKe}, 25761: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together sugar, flour and egg yolks until thick and smooth, 3 to 5 minutes.nIn a medium pot, bring the milk and vanilla bean to a gentle boil. Pour about half of the milk mixture over the eggs whisking constantly. Pour the whole mix back into the pot and place the pot back over low heat, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the mixture thickens, 3 to 5 minutes. Note: you must stir this mixture constantly, scraping the bottom as you stir, so the flour doesnt stick to the bottom and burn.nRemove the pot from the stove and whisk in the marzipan. Pour the mixture onto a baking sheet lined with plastic wrap and cover it with a coating of plastic wrap. Place the tray in the refrigerator to cool.nIn a medium skillet over low heat, melt the granulated sugar. Spray a tray with a light coating of nonstick spray. Spray the end of a wooden spoon as well. When the sugar turns light brown, add the almonds and stir to coat them with the sugar. Spoon the almonds on to the baking sheet and sprinkle lightly with salt.nWhen the almond cream has cooled, remove and discard the vanilla bean and place the pastry cream in a medium bowl. Whisk until it is smooth. In another medium bowl, toss the strawberries and brown sugar together.nPlace 4 to 6 glasses on a flat surface. Begin by spooning a thin layer of almond cream in the bottom of each. Sprinkle with a few almonds. Add a layer of the whipped cream. Top with a layer of strawberries. Repeat the layers until the glasses are full. Refrigerate for a while before serving or enjoy immediately., ingredients: [12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 egg yolks, 1 14 cups whole milk, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 3 ounces marzipan, 13 cup granulated sugar, Nonstick spray, 1 34 cups slivered almonds, lightly toasted, Kosher salt, 12 ounces fresh strawberries, hulled washed and quartered, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, lightly whipped], title: Strawberry and Almond Cream Parfait, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 25762: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 12inch metal conesnCombine all of the above ingredients, except the ice, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nFill a large serving glass bowl with ice.nStuff 8 to 10 deep metal cones with the crab mixture. If metal cones are not available, you can make your own snow cones out of wax coated paper. Arrange the cones in the ice bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 pound chopped crabmeat, 1 bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 2 cups finely chopped mango flesh, 12 cup finely chopped red onion, 14 cup chopped green onions, 2 lemons, juiced, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon specialty salt recommended: Hawaiian Lava salt...cause I am fancy like that, 1 chopped serrano or jalapeno pepper, or to taste, 1 teaspoon fine sugar, Dash hot sauce, Ice, for serving], title: Crab Snow Cones on Ice, picturelink: null}, 25763: {instructions: In a deep saute pan or wok, place 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and the smashed garlic cloves and heat on medium until the garlic turns a golden brown and emits a deep odor. Discard the garlic and keep the pan warm on low.nCook the pasta according to the package instructions al dente, salting the water well. When cooked, drain the pasta, and keep warm in the saucepan, tossing the remaining tablespoon of oil through to prevent sticking.nBring the heat on the saute pan up to medium, and when oil starts to sizzle, add sliced garlic and crushed red pepper flakes, and then the diced tomato. About a minute later add the cooked penne and start tossing or stirring to combine. Turn off the heat, add the arugula, and continue stirring, until it has started to wilt. Taste and season with sea salt and freshly cracked pepper. Add more olive oil, if desired.nDivide the pasta among 4 large bowls and garnish with a quarter of lemon, for squeezing lightly over the top. Sprinkle on shaved Parmesan and enjoy Enough to keep you dancing for hours..., ingredients: [3 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus a bit extra, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and lightly smashed, plus 1 garlic clove, peeled and sliced paper thin, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 Roma tomatoes, squeezed and roughly diced, 12 ounces dry penne, 12 pound arugula, washed and dried, 1 lemon, quartered, Shaved Parmesan, Sea salt and freshly cracked pepper], title: Tinas Show Pasta, picturelink: null}, 25764: {}, 25765: {instructions: Muddle 2 watermelon chunks with the juice of 1 lime and 2 teaspoons sugar in each glass. Stir in a handful of mint leaves, then add 2 ounces white rum and ice. Top with ginger ale garnish with more mint., ingredients: [], title: Watermelon Mojitos, picturelink: ENkQ3B1Yy.XWo5RhwdiK62X5TUmMuGm}, 25766: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 4ounce ice cream scoopnCombine the mayonnaise, eggs, honey mustard, parsley, lemon juice, baking powder, seafood seasoning, Worcestershire, hot sauce, sriracha and celery seed in a large bowl. Whisk together, making sure to break up the eggs and combine all the ingredients thoroughly. Add the panko and incorporate it. Let the mixture set for 10 minutes so the panko absorbs as much moisture as possible. Add the jumbo lump crab meat if desired, substitute with smaller lump crab meat to keep your cost down. Mix in the crab gently with your hands so that you dont break up the crab lumps. Refrigerate until the mix solidifies, about 20 minutes.nAdd some butter to a nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Use a 4ounce ice cream scoop to scoop a level crab cake into the pan. Cook the crab cakes in batches until golden brown on one side, 4 to 5 minutes, then flip with a spatula and cook until the other side is golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes more., ingredients: [1 34 cups mayonnaise, 6 large eggs, 2 tablespoons honey mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, Juice from 12 lemon, 12 ounce baking powder, 12 ounce seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 12 ounce Worcestershire sauce, 38 ounce hot sauce, 38 ounce sriracha, 18 ounce celery seed, 2 14 cups panko breadcrumbs, 2 pounds jumbo lump crabmeat, Unsalted butter, for cooking], title: GCCC Style Crab Cake, picturelink: ppQtizGQCzcO3wl51zdWMh8ELK0XnLq}, 25767: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the beets into a small baking dish and rub them with 1 tablespoon of oil. Cover the dish with foil and put into the oven for 30 minutes.nIn the meantime, peel and cut the carrots into 1inch pieces, trim the Brussels sprouts and halve them lengthwise, and peel the garlic cloves. Put the carrots, Brussels sprouts and garlic cloves into a large baking dish and toss with the remainder of the oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nAfter the beets have been cooking for 30 minutes add the large pan of vegetables to the oven and cook everything for 1 hour more, stirring the vegetable mixture once or twice.nRemove the beets from the oven and transfer them to a cutting board to cool. Stir the thyme into the carrot and Brussels sprouts mixture and let it continue to cook for another 10 minutes while the beets are cooled and cut. When the beets are cool enough to handle, about 5 minutes, peel them and cut them into 1inch pieces. Remove the other vegetables from the oven, toss with the beets, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [4 medium beets, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 12 pounds carrots, 1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, 8 large garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme leaves], title: Jewel Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: adMSgVR2ERrznnVkXVM2fwf7bkPrGW}, 25768: {instructions: Pulse half each of the parsley and onion, the cumin, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a mini food processor to make a paste. Put the chickpeas in a large bowl and roughly mash with a potato masher, leaving some whole. Add the parsley mixture, egg and 12 cup panko stir to combine. Refrigerate 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the tomatoes, the remaining parsley and onion and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl set aside. Whisk the hummus and yogurt in another bowl to make a dressing.nPut the remaining 1 cup panko on a baking sheet. Scoop tablespoonfuls of the chickpea mixture and roll in the panko to coat and form a ball. Heat 1 inch vegetable oil in a large highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry the falafel, turning often, until golden, about 6 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate to drain.nToss the lettuce with half of the hummus dressing in a large bowl. Top with the tomato mixture and falafel. Serve with the remaining hummus dressing.nPhotographs by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 cup fresh parsley, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14.5ounce can chickpeas, drained, rinsed and patted dry, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 12 cups panko breadcrumbs, 1 12 pounds Campari or other small vineripened tomatoes, quartered, 1 10ounce container hummus, 1 cup plain 2 Greek yogurt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 romaine lettuce hearts, chopped], title: Falafel Salad with Hummus Dressing, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 25769: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMicrowave the potatoes according to package directions.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, in a medium pot over medium heat, warm the cream with the butter, thyme, salt and pepper. Dont let it boil.nPut the potatoes into a large pot and mash with a potato masher. Strain half the cream mixture into the warm potatoes and add the cheese in chunks. Mix together, adding more cream to get a nice creamy consistency. Taste and adjust the seasoning with more salt, if necessary. Keep covered and serve warm., ingredients: [2 24ounce bags microwavable peeled and cut potatoes recommended: OreIda Steam n Mash, 2 cups light cream, 12 stick unsalted butter, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 8 ounces peppered goat cheese, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground pepper], title: Peppered Goat Cheese Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 25770: {instructions: For the hash: Heat the olive oil in a frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, onions and peppers and cook until the onions are translucent, about 3 minutes. Turn down the heat to medium, and add the potatoes and cook until browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Add the smoked meat to the hash and season with sea salt.nFor the eggs: Heat a nonstick frying pan over medium heat. Add some olive oil. Crack the eggs into a bowl, and then slide them one at a time into the frying pan, being careful not to break the yolks. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper, and then reduce the heat to medium low, and cook until the whites have set, 2 to 3 minutes.nFor the sauce: Combine the vinegar, ginger, oil, chipotle powder, cherry peppers, tomatoes, garlic, scallions, red peppers and some salt and black pepper in a food processor and mix until blended, about 2 minutes.nDivide the hash among 4 plates and top each with an egg. Spoon chile sauce over the eggs and hash., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 Vidalia onion, diced, 12 red pepper, diced, 1 12 pounds tricolored marble or fingerling potatoes, such as Yukon, red and Peruvian purple, diced, 1 pound smoked meat, sliced at deli to 14inch thick, diced, Sea salt, Olive oil, 4 eggs, Freshly cracked pepper, 2 tablespoons citrus champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon chipotle powder, 6 marinated cherry peppers, drained, 4 whole San Marzano tomatoes, drained, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, 1 large scallion, 12 red pepper, chopped, Salt and freshly cracked pepper], title: Montreal Smoked Meat Hash with Chile Sauce, picturelink: null}, 25771: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 375 degrees. Butter a shallow 3 quart baking dish. In a small saucepan, combine the broth, cream, garlic, and sage. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, trim any fat from the ham steak, if using, and remove and discard the center bone. Cut the ham steak of baked ham into 12inch dice. Arrange 13 of the potatoes in a layer on the bottom of the prepared dish. Top with half of the diced ham and 13 of the shredded cheese. Repeat the layers of potatoes, diced ham, and shredded cheese. Top with the remaining potatoes and the remaining cheese. Remove the brothcream mixture from the heat. Remove and discard the garlic cloves. Season the mixture to taste with pepper and pour over the layered vegetables, distributing it as evenly as possible. Bake, uncovered, until the potatoes are tender when pierced and the top is brown, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let stand for about 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups chicken broth, 12 cup heavy double cream, 3 cloves garlic, 5 or 6 fresh sage leaves, chopped, or 1 teaspoon dried sage, 1 centercut ham steak, about 1 14 pounds, or 1 14 pounds good quality baked ham, cut into slices about 12inch thick, 4 large baking potatoes, about 3 pounds total weight, peeled and thinly sliced, 12 pound sharp cheddar cheese, finely shredded, Ground pepper], title: Ham, Cheddar and Potato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 25772: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHalve the avocados lengthwise, remove the pits, and scoop the flesh out of the skin.nAdd all the ingredients, except the tortillas, to a bowl. Blend with a fork until the mixture is just slightly lumpy.nTo make flamelike tortilla chips for garnish, cut flour tortillas into wavy triangles shapes, then bake on a cookie sheet until crisp, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 ripe avocados, like Hass, Bacon, Zutano, or Gwen ripe means it indents easily with the firm press of a finger, 12 cup lightly packed cilantro leaves stems discarded before measuring, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 4 scallions green onions, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground chipotle pepper may be replaced with cayenne pepper, 8 flour tortillas], title: Holy Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 25773: {}, 25774: {instructions: Marinate the duck breast with 5 spice powder, ginger root, scallions, salt, pepper and sesame oil for at least 6 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees Heat skillet on moderately high heat, do not add any oil. Sear duck breast skin side down, brown both sides. Transfer duck to oven proof plate and cook the duck in the oven for 10 minutes for medium rare. Pour off grease form the skillet, add plum wine, add duck stock season with salt and pepper and reduce the sauce to 1 cup. Then incorporate the butter to the sauce and set aside and keep warm. Remove duck from oven let it set for 5 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [10 ounces boneless duck breast with skin, 1 teaspoon fivespice powder, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger root, 3 scallion heads white part only, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, 4 ounces sesame oil, 2 cups duck stock or canned chicken stock, 1 cup plum wine, 1 ounce unsalted butter], title: Seared FiveSpice Duck Breast with Plum Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 25775: {instructions: In a large pot, bring enough water to cover two crabs to a boil. Add the crabs and cook for about 10 minutes. Shell the crab and set aside all the crabmeat. Next, in a separate pot, bring water for the pasta to a boil. Add salt. Cook the egg fettuccine according to package directions for al dente. Drain. In a pan, heat the unsalted butter in a pan over medium heat. Add the garlic, and pinch of chile flakes and saute until it becomes golden and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the sweet cherry tomatoes, sea salt, brown sugar, and freshly ground pepper to the pan. Cook for about 8 minutes, until the tomatoes begin to create a nice, light sauce. Add in the halfandhalf and bring to a boil. The moment it starts to boil, turn the heat down to mediumlow and add the sweet peas, 12 cup of Parmesan and a big handful of minced parsley. Stir and let it thicken for about 8 minutes. Mix in the crabmeat and heat through, about 2 minutes.nUsing tongs, mix the cooked fettuccine and the sauce. Serve topped with freshly grated Parmesan cheese and minced parsley., ingredients: [2 crabs, 1 pound or 500 grams egg fettuccine, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, Pinch hot chile flakes, 2 cups sweet cherry tomatoes, halved, Pinch sea salt, Pinch brown sugar, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups halfandhalf, 12 cup fresh sweet peas, 12 cup plus a pinch freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup minced fresh parsley], title: Egg Fettuccine Rose, picturelink: null}, 25776: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook orzo as directed on package.nIn a large bowl, toss together orzo with remaining ingredients. Can be served warm or chilled., ingredients: [2 12 cups orzo, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup chopped red onion, 14 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Parmesan Herbed Orzo, picturelink: omaG7xbQqjp1jKKwq0L1G8dSkONyIOy}, 25777: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nCombine the onions, flour, panko and salt in a large mixing bowl and toss to combine. Coat a sheet pan with nonstick spray and evenly spread the onions on the pan. Bake in the oven until golden brown, tossing every 10 minutes, for approximately 30 minutes. Once done, remove from the oven and set aside until ready to use.nTurn the oven down to 400 degrees F.nWhile the onions are cooking, prepare the beans. Bring a gallon of water and 2 tablespoons of salt to a boil in an 8quart saucepan. Blanch for 5 minutes. Drain in a colander and immediately plunge the beans into a large bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Drain and set aside.nMelt the butter in a 12inch castiron skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms begin to give up some of their liquid, approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and nutmeg and continue to cook for another 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the mixture and stir to combine. Cook for 1 minute. Add the broth and simmer for 1 minute. Add the halfandhalf and cook until the mixture thickens, approximately 6 to 8 minutes.nRemove from the heat and stir in 14 of the onions and all of the green beans. Top with the remaining onions. Place into the oven and bake until bubbly, approximately 15 minutes. Remove and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons panko bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Nonstick spray, 1 pound fresh green beans, rinsed and trimmed, 1 gallon water, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 ounces mushrooms, trimmed and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 cup halfandhalf], title: Not Your Mamas Green Bean Casserole, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 25778: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the rice and cook for 2 minutes. Add the wine and stir until it is completely evaporated. Add the chicken broth and some salt and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the rice is just tender, about 15 minutes.nHeat the butter in another skillet. Add the mushrooms, onion, garlic and some salt and pepper and saute until the mushrooms begin to show color, about 5 minutes. Add the parsley to finish and remove from the heat.nWhen the rice is cooked stir in the mushroom mixture and Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups arborio rice, 12 cup dry Sauvignon Blanc wine, 2 12 cups chicken or vegetable broth, Salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 10 ounces fresh porcini and chanterelle mushroom, sliced, 14 cup diced onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Mushroom Risotto, picturelink: null}, 25779: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the wine and vinegar and reduce by half over medium heat. Add the chestnuts and cook until they are cooked through and tender, about 10 minutes. Set aside.nHeat a heavy bottom saute pan over medium heat and season the duck on both sides with salt and pepper. Saute the duck breasts slowly skinside down, draining the fat that accumulates in the pan into a bowl. Reserve the fat.nWhen the fat has rendered off the duck breasts and the skin is golden brown and crispy, ladle the fat over the tops of the breasts to cook the other side for 2 or 3 minutes, for mediumrare meat. Remove from heat and keep warm.nDrain all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the pan and increase the heat to high. Add the Brussels sprouts and vinegar and cook until they are golden brown and tender. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nTo serve, pile some Brussels sprouts in the center of a plate. Slice the duck breasts into 5 pieces and lay on top of the greens. Scatter some of the chestnuts about and drizzle the dish with the wine reduction.nNote: To peel the chestnuts, score with an X on the flat side and cook in a pot of boiling water until the outer shell peels back. Drain and remove the peel with a paring knife., ingredients: [2 12 cups young Tuscan red wine, also known as vino novello, 1 cup whole chestnuts, peeled see note, 4 8ounce white Pekin duck breasts, skin on and excess fat trimmed, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed of outer leaves and sliced into three pieces from stem to tip, 14 cup balsamic vinegar], title: Seared Pekin Duck with Chestnuts and Wine, picturelink: null}, 25780: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason chicken tenders with salt and pepper. Place flour in a large shallow dish. Coat chicken in flour. Beat eggs and milk in a shallow dish. Combine cereal, bread crumbs, paprika, poultry seasoning, grill seasoning and vegetable oil in food processor. Transfer breading to a shallow dish. Place a nonstick baking sheet near chicken breading station. In batches, take flour coated chicken and coat in eggs then in breading and place on nonstick cookie sheet. When all the chicken has been coated, transfer to oven and bake 15 minutes, until evenly brown and cooked through. Cool and serve, or pack up for a picnic This chicken may be served hot or cold., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken tenders, Salt and pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, A splash milk, 2 cups honey nut flavored cereal recommended: Honey Nut Corn Flakes, 1 cup bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Seasoning, 14 cup vegetable oil, eyeball it], title: Honey Nut Chicken Sticks, picturelink: vQrM333oh9xwQ.P2U7HrZnMBZb8x8e}, 25781: {instructions: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over moderate heat. Saute the onions with the salt until caramelized, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and achiote paste and cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon to avoid scorching. Add the tomato paste and pour in the fish stock or clam juice and boil 5 minutes longer. Stir in the pepper and vinegar and remove from the heat.nTransfer the sauce to a blender and puree. Pass through a strainer. The sauce keeps up to 4 daysnTo finish, pour the sauce into a large skillet. Bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in the scallops or shrimp, reduce the heat to medium and cook 3 to 5 minutes. Serve over a bed of white rice and garnish with the capers., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, 3 ounces achiote paste, 12 cup white vinegar, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups fish stock or clam juice, 1 12 teaspoons black peppercorns, crushed, 2 pounds sea scallops, muscle removed, or rock shrimp, 12 cup capers], title: Poached Achiote Scallops, picturelink: null}, 25782: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large 4quart slow cooker sprayed with cooking spray, mix the macaroni, evaporated milk, milk, butter, salt, pepper, eggs and all but 12 cup of the grated cheese. Sprinkle the reserved cheese over the top of the mixture and then sprinkle with paprika. Cover and cook on low heat for 3 hours and 15 minutes. Turn off the slow cooker, stir the mixture and serve hot., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 8 ounces elbow macaroni, cooked, One 12ounce can evaporated milk, 1 12 cups whole milk, 14 cup 12 stick  of butter, melted, 1 teaspoon salt, Dash of pepper, 2 large eggs, beaten, Two 10ounce bricks sharp Cheddar cheese, grated about 5 cups, Dash of paprika], title: Slow Cooker Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: SAnIH9xKFRToqdi0fIVmd9OnV47ye9C}, 25783: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring the dashi to a simmer in a 4quart saucepan over medium heat. Add the lemongrass, galangal, cilantro, habanero, fish sauce and lime juice and bring the liquid to a simmer. Add the catfish and the coconut milk and cook until the fish is just cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, ladle into soup bowls and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups dashi, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced lemongrass, 1 tablespoon julienned galangal or ginger, 1 tablespoon cilantro leaves, 1 habanero pepper, seeds removed and thinly sliced, 14 cup fish sauce, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 pound US farmraised catfish fillets, cut into 1inch pieces, 14 ounces coconut milk], title: Catfish Soup, picturelink: ADmG6n2p.rFU6ozGf12CvsekmXqQL6.}, 25784: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade, process the flour sugar, cinnamon and salt. Add the frozen butter and process until it is the size of large peas, about 5 seconds. Add the frozen shortening and process for 3 seconds. In a measuring cup, combine the egg and the water. Add egg mixture and process for 5 seconds. Empty the dough onto a counter and incorporate Remaining flour without overworking the dough. Let rest 2 hours.nIn small bowl, combine sugar, salt and spices. Beat eggs in a large bowl. Stir in pumpkin and evaporated milk. Pour into pie shell. Bake at 425 degrees for 15 minutes. Reduce temperature to 350 and bake for 45 minutes or until firm., ingredients: [1 14 cups flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 teaspoons sugar, Dash of salt, 4 tablespoons frozen butter, cut in pieces, 14 cup vegetable shortening, frozen in pieces, 12 egg, lightly beaten, 2 to 3 tablespoons cold water, 34 cup light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 eggs, 1 15ounce can solid pack pumpkin, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk], title: Traditional Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 25785: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the butter and sugar in a small mixing bowl with a paddle attachment. Beat on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add 1 egg and scrape down the side of bowl. Beat on low speed and add the remaining 2 eggs and vanilla extract. Add the flour all at once and beat until just combined. Remove from bowl and press down to form a 12inchthick disk of dough. Place in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour before working with it.nTo make the strussel, cream together the butter and sugars until smooth and light. Rub in the flour until it resembles a coarse pea shape. Add in the nuts and rub until everything comes together. Store in refrigerator until ready to use or up to 4 weeks.nFor the filling, melt the butter in a saute pan and add all of the spices. Peel and core the pineapple and cut into bite size pieces. Add the pineapple to the spice mixture and saute until all the juices start to blend together. Remove from heat and allow to cool.nRoll the sugar dough to about 18inch thick and place into a greased tart pan. Fill with the cooled pineapple filling and cover with the strussel. Bake for approximately 20 minutes or until golden brown.nServe with 2 scoops of vanilla bean ice cream., ingredients: [1 pound 8 ounces butter, room temperature, 1 pound sugar, 3 eggs, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 pounds flour, 1 pound butter, 1 pound brown sugar, 8 ounces sugar, 1 12 pounds flour, 1 pound nuts, pecans, walnuts, 2 ounces butter, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 white pineapple or regular pineapple, Vanilla Bean Ice Cream], title: White Pineapple Cobbler with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 25786: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a cupcake pan with 18 paper liners, set aside.nMake the sweet potato puree by processing the sweet potatoes in a food processor. Set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, salt, ginger and nutmeg.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the butter, brown sugar, granulated sugar and eggs. Add the dry ingredients. Whisk in the sweet potato puree. Fill each cupcake in the prepared pan threequarters full of batter.nBake until the tops spring back when touched and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool.nTo assemble: Frost the cupcakes with the Brown Sugar Cream Cheese Frosting. Sprinkle with the Candied Pecans.nIn a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese until creamy. Add the butter and beat until well incorporated. Add the light brown sugar and beat until fluffy. Add the powdered sugar 1 cup at a time, beating until well incorporated. Add the vanilla extract and beat until combined.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray.nBeat the egg white in a bowl until frothy whisk 4 teaspoons water and the vanilla extract into the egg. Stir the sugar, cinnamon and salt into the egg mixture. Add the chopped pecans, stir to coat completely. Spread the pecans onto the baking sheet. Bake the pecans, stirring about every 20 minutes, until the coating forms a glaze, about 1 hour. Allow to cool on the baking sheet., ingredients: [One 16ounce can sweet potatoes, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ginger, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, Brown Sugar Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, Candied Pecans, recipe follows, One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 sticks butter, at room temperature, 12 cup light brown sugar, 6 cups powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 1 egg white, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 pound chopped pecans], title: Sweet Potato Cupcakes, Brown Sugar Cream Cheese Frosting, Candied Pecans, picturelink: NLc.VHCoai9GzkDfQkS9zhykzId4Mcm}, 25787: {instructions: For the shrimp: Prepare a grill to mediumhigh heat.nMix all the ingredients except for the shrimp in a 1gallon zip lock bag. Add the shrimp and marinate in the refrigerator for up to 6 hours.nRemove the shrimp from the marinade and place on the grill. Cook until the meat is opaque. Remove from heat and cool immediately. Cut each shrimp into 4 pieces.nFor the cocktail sauce: Mix all the ingredients together.nAdd the shrimp to the sauce. Mix together and serve in a martini glasses with slices of lime and saltine crackers., ingredients: [3 teaspoons dried oregano, 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 3 tablespoons crushed garlic, 1 12 teaspoons sea salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tapatio, 2 dozen 2125 count shrimp, shelled, deveined, and butterflied, 1 12 cups ketchup, 1 12 cups orange soda recommended: Fanta, 1 cucumber, peeled, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 avocados, peeled, pitted, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 red onion, peeled, cut into 12inch cubes, 6 ounces water add sparingly, 2 ounces at a time, to get desired consistency, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 limes, juiced, 3 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Tapatio, Lime slices, for serving, Crackers, for serving recommended: Saltines], title: The Spaniards Cocktail of Shrimp, picturelink: wCClcogi5afXawvRLCP0OmF08qbmQS}, 25788: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 5ounce ramekinsnIn a medium saucepan, bring the milk, orange zest, cinnamon sticks, and salt to a boil then reduce the heat to low and simmer for 3 minutes to infuse flavors. In a large bowl, whisk the egg yolks with the 1 cup of sugar until pale and fluffy. Whisk the cornstarch with 12 cup water to make a slurry and whisk until thoroughly combined.nRemove and discard the orange zest and cinnamon sticks from the milk. Whisking constantly, gradually add the milk to the egg yolk mixture. Return the mixture to the saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat, whisking constantly to thicken, about 3 to 5 minutes. Strain the custard into a large bowl and whisk in the vanilla. Divide the custard between 10 5ounce ramekins and smooth the surfaces. Cool the custards slightly, then cover the ramekins with the plastic wrap and refrigerate them until the custard is cold, at least 8 or up to 24 hoursnTo serve the crema catalana, sprinkle each ramekin evenly with 2 teaspoons of sugar. Use a kitchen torch to melt and caramelize the sugar until browned and crusty. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 cups milk, 4 strips orange zest, 2 cinnamon sticks, Pinch salt, 8 large egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, plus extra for caramelizing, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Crema Catalana, picturelink: bAjnlFOhwcKW1bJSD3310LzwChHCmJO}, 25789: {instructions: Simmer the pork fat in water to cover for 15 minutes. Drain, allow to cool, and chop finely.nCut the salmon into a small dice. Put all the ingredients, except the wonton skins, into a mixing bowl and stir in one direction until mixed.nSpread a wonton skin in front of you. Put 1 teaspoon of the filling in the center of the skin. Dampen the edges of the skin with water and fold in half, pressing the edges to seal. Then, with the folded edge facing you, pull the bottom corners directly down, fold them over one another slightly, and pinch to seal. The resulting dumpling should look like a nurses cap. Repeat until filling has been used.nBring a large quantity of water to a boil. When rapidly boiling, add the wontons not so much that the water will stop boiling, about half, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until opaque. Remove, drain, and serve over or with the Coconut Curry Sauce.nHeat a saucepan and add the curry paste. Saute very briefly. Add the coconut milk and chicken stock, and simmer until the sauce reduces by onethird. Set aside.nWhile boiling the dumplings, reheat the coconut milk mixture add the fish sauce and lime juice and, when the dumplings are done, drizzle the sauce generously over a serving plate. Sprinkle with the fresh cilantro. Arrange the dumplings over the sauce and serve.nMakes about 1 12 cups, ingredients: [4 ounces fresh pork fat, 1 pound salmon, preferably wild, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon finely minced ginger, 1 tablespoon finely minced scallion, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon sugar, 12 egg white, beaten, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 12 tablespoons chicken stock, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 30 to 40 fresh wonton skins, Coconut Curry Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons fresh Yellow Curry Paste, One 14ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, preferably Chaokoh brand, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, Juice 1 lime, 14 cup lightly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Salmon Dumplings with Coconut Curry Sauce, picturelink: FLAiOYOQOQaM2x5142jBJLXHcxuhgiq}, 25790: {instructions: Combine juice, water and sugar in bowl and whisk until the sugar has dissolved. Pour liquid into a 13 by 9inch baking pan. Freeze until hard, about 3 to 4 hours.nTo serve, scrape with a fork and spoon the scrapings into small chilled martini glasses or small glass bowls. Garnish with small sprigs of fresh mint., ingredients: [2 12 cups fresh pink or ruby grapefruit juice, at room temperature, 1 cup boiling water, 13 cup superfine sugar, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Grapefruit Granita, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 25791: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium heat. Spread butter on 1 side of all 8 slices of bread. Spread Dijon mustard on the opposite side of 4 slices of bread. Top the mustard coated bread slices with a folded slice of Emmentaler. Top cheese with slices of pickle and set tops in place with the buttered side facing up. Place the sandwiches in hot skillet and cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side, toasting and crisping the bread. Cut the sandwiches corner to corner and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons softened butter, 8 slices pumpernickel bread, 8 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 large dill pickles, thinly sliced lengthwise, 8 slices Emmentaler Swiss cheese, folded in 12], title: Grilled Cheese on Pump, picturelink: 4QDqOp1lHh5z8eW9QuexAfltkXVuxn2}, 25792: {instructions: Divide ground sirloin into eight 12 balls and eight patties. Place patties on grill and add sauce on each pattie, grill for a couple of minutes turn over add more sauce. Put one ground sirloin ball into each hole in pineapple slices. Place on grill, add sauce, and grill a couple minutes more before turning over and adding more sauce. Place buns on grill to warm. Place one pattie and one pineapple slice between two buns and serve.nSauce: in saucepan over medium heat, add ketchup, barbeque sauce and pineapple juice and bring to boil., ingredients: [1 pound ground sirloin, 8 pineapple slices, canned or fresh, 8 hamburger buns, pineapple juice from can or fresh pineapple, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup barbeque sauce, salt and pepper], title: Pineapple Burgers, picturelink: null}, 25793: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Unroll pie crust place in ungreased 9inch glass pie plate as directed on box for OneCrust Filled Pie flute edge.nIn medium bowl, stir brownie mix, peanut butter chips, oil, water and egg 50 strokes with spoon. Pour batter into crustlined pie plate.nBake 30 to 40 minutes, covering edge of crust with strips of foil after 15 to 20 minutes, until crust is golden brown and center of brownie is set. Cool slightly, about 20 minutes. Refrigerate 1 hour or until completely cooled.nIn medium bowl, beat cream cheese, peanut butter and powdered sugar with electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Fold in whipped topping. Spread mixture over brownie. Sprinkle with peanuts and chocolate chips. Refrigerate 30 minutes before serving. Store covered in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated pie crust, softened as directed on box, 1 box 15.5 oz Pillsburyu00ae Chocolate Chunk Brownie Mix, 14 cup Reesesu00ae peanut butter chips, 13 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 3 tablespoons water, 1 EGGLANDS BEST egg, 1 package 8 oz cream cheese, softened, 12 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 container 8 oz frozen whipped topping, thawed, 2 tablespoons Fisheru00ae Party Peanuts, chopped, 2 tablespoons Hersheysu00ae mini chips semisweet chocolate], title: MileHigh Peanut ButterBrownie Pie, picturelink: utPIpN1YbNOfisfeiR2qvssFs8R8JLq}, 25794: {instructions: Mornay Sauce Preparation:nMelt butter in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add flour and whisk until mixture is smooth, about 1 minute. Whisk in milk and salt. Whisk until mixture thickens slightly, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in cheeses. Stir until mixture is smooth and begins to bubble, stirring, constantly, about 5 minutes. Cover and keep warm.nEgg Pastry Crowns Preparation:nMeanwhile, preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper.nPlace 1 layer of pastry shells on the prepared cookie sheet and brush with egg wash. Top with another hollowed out shell. Bake for 12 minutes, or until golden on top.nWhisk eggs and milk in a large bowl to blend. Place a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add oil and butter to skillet. When the butter foams, add the egg mixture. Stir continuously with a rubber spatula until eggs are light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Remove tops and hollow out pastry shells. Divide scrambled eggs among pastries. Top each with 2 to 3 tablespoons of Mornay Sauce. Sprinkle with chives and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups whole milk, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup shredded Swiss cheese, 12 cup shredded Parmesan, 12 frozen puff pastry shells recommended: Pepperidge Farm, 1 egg, slightly beaten, plus 1 teaspoon water, for egg wash, 6 eggs, slightly beaten, 14 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh chives, chopped], title: English Crown Scramble, picturelink: j5dIHTCsjZIJB91dKhmp0HKvQ9ewu}, 25795: {instructions: Special equipment: deep fryernPreheat the deep fryer to 375 degrees F.nWhisk the egg whites and flour together until smooth. Dip the calamari rings into the egg white batter. Toss calamari rings in the panko, 1 piece at a time.nIn a deep fryer set at high temperature, fry the pankocoated calamari until golden, about 2 minutes. Season with kosher salt and serve immediately.nCooks Note: Also known as Calamari.nCooks Note: Coarse bread crumbs often used in Japanese cooking. Panko is available in Asian food shops.nServing suggestion: Green Papaya and Lotus Root Salad, recipe follows .nSpecial equipment: deep fryer.nBring a pot of water to a boil and blanch the lotus root for 20 seconds. Refresh in cold water.nAdd lotus root, julienned papaya, orange juice, Thai chile and kosher salt. Mix well.nLet stand for 15 minutes before serving.nCooks Note: The root of the water lily, it has a taste and texture similar to potato. Its available canned and frozen and found in specialty Asian markets.nYield: 2 cupsnPreparation Time: 15 minutes, ingredients: [2 pounds cleaned squid, cut into rings, see Cooks Note, 6 egg whites, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 212 cups panko, see Cooks Note, Kosher salt, 1 small fresh lotus root, peeled and thinly sliced, see Cooks Note, 1 green papaya, peeled and julienned, 1 orange, juiced, 1 Thai chile, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Panko Fried Calamari, picturelink: null}, 25796: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil and add the tomatillos, jalapeno, onion, garlic, and 1 tablespoon salt. Reduce the heat and simmer gently for 5 to 10 minutes until the tomatillos are soft but have not burst. Drain and reserve cooking liquid. Add the cooked vegetables to a blender with the cilantro leaves and lime juice. Pour in 14 cup of the reserved cooking liquid and process to a coarse puree  be careful when you process the hot liquid as it will expand  so make sure you hold the lid down firmly. Taste and adjust seasoning with more cilantro, lime juice, or salt according to preference.nPrepare corn chips. Preheat oil to 375 degrees F. Cut tortillas into large wedges and deep fry in batches until golden and crispy, approximately 1 to 2 minutes. Season immediately with salt so it sticks and serve warm chips with tomatillo salsa.n When blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [1 pound tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, 1 small Spanish onion, quartered, 5 to 6 garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves coarsely chopped, 2 lime, juiced, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 corn tortillas, Kosher salt], title: Fresh Fried Corn Chips with Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 25797: {instructions: For the salsa verde: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add some salt. Add the tomatillos, garlic, cilantro, jalapeno and onion and bring back to a boil. Boil until the tomatillos turn olive green, about 10 minutes. Strain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Transfer the ingredients from the pot to a blender with the reserved cooking liquid and puree until smooth. Return the mixture to the same empty pot, bring to a boil and boil until the sauce is darker green and reduced, 20 to 25 minutes. Season with 1 teaspoon salt or to taste and set aside.nFor the enchiladas: Put the potatoes in a pot with enough water to cover, add some salt and cover the pot. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and simmer until the potatoes are forktender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a large pan. Add the garlic and onion and saute until golden, about 5 minutes. Add the kale and saute until wilted, about 5 minutes more. Mix in the butter and 14 cup of the crema until melted and smooth. Gently mix in the potatoes and 1 cup of the cheese. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set the filling aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 13by9inch glass baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nHeat enough vegetable oil to come 1 inch up the sides of a skillet to 350 degrees F over medium heat. Make an assembly line close to the stove top. Place half of the salsa verde in a cake pan reserve the rest for topping and put a cutting board and the potatokale filling nearby.nDip a tortilla in the hot oil until golden but still pliable. Using tongs, transfer it to the cake pan with the salsa verde and turn to coat. Place the dipped tortilla on the cutting board, stuff with a scant 14 cup of the potatokale filling and roll up. Repeat with the remaining tortillas, salsa verde and filling.nTransfer the stuffed tortillas to the prepared baking dish. Top with the reserved salsa verde and remaining 14 cup crema and 14 cup cheese. Bake until darkened in spots, about 30 minutes. Serve slightly cooled., ingredients: [Salt, 2 pounds husked and rinsed tomatillos, 2 cloves garlic, 1 large bunch fresh cilantro, thick stems removed, 1 large jalapeno optionally seeded, 14 large white onion, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 large onion, chopped, 2 cups loosely packed chopped kale thick stems removed, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 cup Mexican crema, 1 14 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking dish, Vegetable oil, for frying the tortillas, 10 tortillas], title: KalePotato Enchiladas Verdes, picturelink: NyNRnkj1cpfgPL.QDFAR0fFFr6KxMe}, 25798: {instructions: Special equipment: two 6count mouseshaped chocolate molds pastry brushnFor the caramel: In a heavybottomed 4quart saucepan, bring 13 cup plus 1 12 tablespoons water, the sugar and corn syrup to a boil, wiping the sides of pan with a wet pastry brush occasionally until the mixture turns a dark amber color. Carefully and slowly add the heavy cream, stirring with a whisk, then add the butter, vanilla and salt. Bring back to a boil and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Cool the caramel for 10 minutes, then add the orange oil and food coloring. Cool completely before using.nFor the gummy tails: In a small liquid measuring cup, bloom the gelatin in 12 cup cold water for 5 minutes. Warm the mixture in a microwave on high until the mixture is liquid and smooth, 15 seconds. Add the orange oil, mixing it in well.nFor the shells: Temper the chocolate. Fill the mouse molds with the chocolate and knock them carefully on a hard surface to release any air bubbles. Pour out the excess chocolate back into the bowl of tempered chocolate.nScrape the flat portion of the mold to clean off the excess chocolate. Cool the mouse shells to harden completely.nPlace the cold caramel in a piping bag, with a small hole cut in the end. Pack the pumpkin seeds into the body cavities of the chocolate shells, then pipe in the caramel until the filling is 116inch below the top. Pour more tempered chocolate over the filling, and scrape the excess again, then let cool and set up completely. Carefully dig out any chocolate that may have gotten into the tail portion of each mouse mold. Clean them with cheese cloth until shiny. Pour the liquid gelatin mixture into the tail portion of each mouse mold. Let cool and set up completely. Release the mice from their molds by gently tapping the mold, rightside up, until they all come out. If any of the gelatin tails do not adhere to their chocolate bodies, use a small amount of tempered chocolate to glue them back on., ingredients: [8 ounces sugar, 34 ounce corn syrup, 6 ounces heavy cream, 1 14 ounces butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon orange oil, 2 drops concentrated red food coloring, 2 tablespoons powdered unflavored gelatin, 3 drops orange oil, 1 12 pounds 45percent couverture milk chocolate, 12 cup roasted, salted pumpkin seeds], title: Mouthwatering Mice, picturelink: SUesE8ewiSC6phRTT4.MXaUl6JL3KHq}, 25799: {instructions: About 20 minutes before grilling, remove the steaks from the refrigerator and let sit, covered, at room temperature.nHeat your grill to high. Brush the steaks on both sides with oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. Place the steaks on the grill and cook until golden brown and slightly charred, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn the steaks over and continue to grill 3 to 5 minutes for mediumrare an internal temperature of 135 degrees F, 5 to 7 minutes for medium 140 degrees F or 8 to 10 minutes for mediumwell 150 degrees F.nTransfer the steaks to a cutting board or platter, tent loosely with foil and let rest 5 minutes before slicing.nPhotographs by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [4 1 14to1 12inchthick boneless ribeye or New York strip steaks about 12 ounces each or filets mignons 8 to 10 ounces each, trimmed, 2 tablespoons canola or extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Perfectly Grilled Steak, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}}