{26100: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBuy quality whole beans from a reliable purveyor preferably a roaster. If you dont have a grinder at home, ask a salesperson to grind whole beans for you rather than settling for preground.nPurchasing bulk unpackaged beans from a specialty shop is okay as long as the bins or jars are relatively small and refilled regularly. Large vats hold a lot of beans and therefore dont need frequent filling. That means that beans can hang around for a long time being exposed to light and air. That can mean stale beans, and staleness is not a desirable attribute.nPurchase prepackaged whole beans only when sealed in a foilstyle bag featuring a oneway valve. The dimeshaped plastic valve is usually integrated into the packaging so that it will be as unobtrusive as possible, so check carefully. The absence of a valve means that the coffee probably sat and gassed out before it was packaged. That means it could be stale. Stale, again, is not a good thing. And remember: paper bags with twist tops are temporary transportation vessels, not storage devices.nTry to purchase only a weeks worth of beans at a time. If you live where this is impractical, purchase several small sealed packages rather than one large one. Unopened oneway valve bags will keep coffee fresh for approximately three months. If you buy bulk coffee not sealed with oneway valves in large amounts, divide into weekly batches, seal in Masonstyle jars and freeze. Transfer these small batches to counter top storage as needed see below .nStore opened or bulk coffee in an airtight, opaque container and store at room temperature for up to a week.nGrind coffee as close to brewing time as possible. For drip method, grind in blade style grinder for 15 to 20 seconds. For French presses, grind for only 10 to 12 seconds.nRegardless of method, brew using 2 heaping tablespoons of coffee for each 6 ounces of clean filtered or bottled, cool water. If you prefer a milder cup, brew to full strength, and then dilute with hot water. Brewing with too little coffee will result in overextraction, and that means bitterness.nIf you really want to taste the subtle nuances of regional coffees, consider a gold mesh filter.nWhen purchasing a coffee maker either manual or electric, look for a model that brews into a thermal carafe rather than a glass pot designed to sit on a heating element. Continuous heating of coffee leads to bitterness.nQuality decaffeinated coffees usually cost more than regular beans., ingredients: [Brewing a simply perfect cup of Joe can be perfectly simple, if you stick to some basic guidelines:], title: True Brew, picturelink: 0AdeIuBM.CYmUCE2a.ehT07NMa7iw2}, 26101: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan on medium heat add the sugar and water. Gently stir with a spoon to ensure that the sugar is completely dissolved before it comes to a boil. Let it go for approximately 20 minutes on medium heat you are looking for a nice amber color and slow bubbling. Cut the heat.nCarefully add the pecans and toss to cover. While tossing, add a pinch of salt and a pinch of cayenne pepper. Spread them out on a lightly oiled sheet pan or a silpat to cool.nServe them crumbled in a salad, on a dessert or just on their own., ingredients: [2 cups white granulated sugar, 1 cup water, 2 cups pecans, Pinch sea salt, Pinch cayenne pepper], title: Chucks Candied Pecans, picturelink: null}, 26102: {instructions: In a large heavy skillet cook the bacon over moderately low heat, turning it, until it is crisp, transfer it with a fork to paper towels to drain. In the fat remaining in the skillet cook the onion over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened. Add the garlic and mushrooms and cook the mixture, stirring, until almost all the liquid the mushrooms give off is evaporated. Add the flour and cook the mixture, stirring, for 3 minutes. Whisk in the wine and the stock, both heated, and salt and pepper to taste, bring the mixture to a boil, whisking, and simmer it, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. The sauce may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Reheat the sauce before using it. Divide the sauce among 6 wellbuttered individual gratin dishes, break 2 of the eggs gently into the sauce in each dish, and dot the eggs with bits of butter. Crumble 1 slice of the bacon over each dish, put the dishes in a large baking pan, and add enough hot water to the pan to reach halfway up the sides of the dishes. Bake the eggs in a preheated 350 degree oven for 12 minutes, or until the whites are just firm, sprinkle them with the parsley, and serve them with the gougeres.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees. Lightly grease 2 baking sheets or line with parchment paper. Stir Gruyere into pate a choux and arrange level tablespoons about 1inch apart on baking sheets. Bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, 30 minutes, or until puffed, golden, and crisp. Gougeres keep, chilled in sealable plastic bags 2 days or frozen 1 week. Reheat gougeres, uncovered in a preheated 350 degree oven 10 minutes if chilled or 15 minutes if unthawed frozen.nIn a heavy saucepan bring water to a boil with butter and salt over high heat and reduce heat to moderate. Add flour all at once and beat with a wooden spoon until mixture pulls away from side of pan. Transfer mixture to a bowl and with an electric mixer on high speed beat in 4 eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Batter should be stiff enough to just hold soft peaks and fall softly from a spoon. If batter is too stiff, in a small bowl beat remaining egg lightly and add to batter a little at a time, beating on high speed, until batter is desired consistency., ingredients: [6 slices lean bacon, 1 onion, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, sliced, stems removed, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 large eggs, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, Cheese Puffs, recipe follows, Miniature Gougeres, 1 12 cups coarsely grated Gruyere, 1 recipe pate a choux, recipe follows, 1 cup water, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 to 5 large eggs], title: Baked Eggs in Shiitake Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26103: {instructions: On a low simmer in a double boiler, melt the chocolate chips. Holding the stem of the strawberry, dip each 1 individually into the chocolate and place them on a piece of parchment until hardened., ingredients: [4 cups semi sweet chocolate chips, 30 strawberries with stems attached, dry], title: Chocolate Dipped Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 26104: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray 11 x 7inch 2quart glass baking dish with cooking spray.nHeat 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add beef, onions and carrots to skillet sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook 3 to 5 minutes, stirring frequently, until beef is brown.nStir in Italian seasoning, mushrooms, peas and pasta sauce. Heat to boiling. Cook over medium heat 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Spoon into baking dish.nOpen can of dough do not unroll. With serrated knife, cut dough into 1inch slices. Arrange slices cut side down around edges of casserole. Brush with melted butter sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.nBake 18 to 23 minutes or until bubbly and crescents are golden brown.nHigh Altitude 35006500 ft: In step 3, add 14 cup water with the pasta sauce. In step 4, do not sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. In step 5, sprinkle with Parmesan cheese the last 5 minutes of bake time., ingredients: [1 lb boneless beef sirloin steak, trimmed of fat, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 cup chopped onions, 1 cup readytoeat babycut carrots, cut into 14inch strips, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms 3 oz., 12 cup Green Giantu00ae frozen sweet peas, 1 jar 14 oz. tomato pasta sauce, 1 can 8 oz. Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu2122 refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 1 tablespoon butter or margarine, melted, 1 tablespoon shredded Parmesan cheese], title: CrescentTopped Shepherds Pie, picturelink: 8Hw4wT36N9SoooUIlmFFRiter.Fv6YG}, 26105: {instructions: Mix the eggs, water, flour and 12 cup sugar. Strain through a metal sieve to remove any lumps that might remain. Spoon 5 tablespoons batter into an 8inch diameter nonstick skillet over low heat. Spread the batter out to the edge of the pan, making a round pancake shape that is thin and smooth. Cook over medium heat until the batter has turned a light brown throughout then add 12 tablespoon of butter on top of the pancake and let it melt. With a spatula, turn the pancake and let it cook until both sides are lightly crisp. Combine 3 tablespoons of peanut butter with reamaining 12 cup sugar mixture on the center of the pancake. Now cover the peanut butter filling by first folding over the left third of the pancake over the center third then fold the right side over the fold, to form a vertical shape. Use a bit of batter to seal the edges. Next, fold the top and bottom of the pancake in the same fashion, making a roughly 5inch by 4inch rectangle. Using the spatula, lightly pat the folded pancake a few times to flatten out the filling. Continue to panfry for 4 more minutes until both sides are crispy and light brown. To serve: Place the pancake on a plate and cut into 6 squares. Serve warm as is or with a topping of lightly whipped cream, ingredients: [4 eggs, beaten, 3 cups water, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 12 pound smooth peanut butter], title: Hua Shen Bin Peanut ButterPancake, picturelink: null}, 26106: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nButter six 34cup ramekins 3 34 by 2 inches. Crumble goat cheese and separate eggs. In a saucepan melt butter over moderately low heat and whisk in flour. Cook roux, whisking, 3 minutes and whisk in milk. Bring mixture to a boil, whisking constantly, and simmer, whisking occasionally, 3 minutes. Remove pan from heat and add yolks, mustard, 1 teaspoon thyme, 23 cheese, and salt and pepper, to taste, whisking until cheese is melted. Transfer yolk mixture to a large bowl.nIn another large bowl with an electric mixer beat whites with a pinch salt until they just hold stiff peaks. Stir 14 whites into yolk mixture to lighten and fold in remaining whites and remaining cheese gently but thoroughly.nDivide souffle mixture among ramekins and arrange in a large baking pan just large enough to hold them. Add enough hot water to baking pan to reach halfway up sides of ramekins. Bake souffles in middle of oven until slightly puffed and golden brown, about 20 minutes, and transfer to a rack. Let souffles stand, uncovered, 30 minutes souffles will fall slightly.nLightly butter a baking sheet. Run a thin knife around edges of souffles. Invert each souffle onto palm of your hand and carefully put, right side up, onto baking sheet. Souffles may be made up to this point 2 days ahead and chilled, covered.nIncrease temperature to 425 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan bring cream with remaining teaspoon thyme, salt and pepper, to taste, to a boil. Remove pan from heat and keep cream warm, covered. Bake souffles in middle of oven until slightly puffed and heated through, about 5 minutes.nTransfer souffles to plates. Spoon 2 tablespoons cream over each souffle and arrange salad decoratively alongside., ingredients: [12 pound aged firm goat cheese, 4 large eggs, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra for baking sheet, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 13 cups whole milk, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup heavy cream, Accompaniment: salad greens tossed with your favorite vinaigrette], title: TwiceBaked Goat Cheese Souffles with Salad, picturelink: null}, 26107: {instructions: Place the urad dhal in a large bowl and rinse with many changes of water until the water no longer appears cloudy. Drain.nIn a large bowl, combine the drained urad dhal with the rice, fenugreek seeds, and 2 12 cups water. Soak the ingredients together for 4 hours at room temperature, until the dhal and rice expand and soften. When a grain of rice just breaks under the pressure of your fingernail, the ingredients have soaked long enough.nDrain the urad dhal and rice, reserving the liquid. Place roughly half of the solids and half of the liquid in a blender and grind them long enough to get a smooth consistency with some graininess remaining, about 1 12 to 2 minutes. Test by rubbing a little batter between your fingers. The largest grains should be the size of granulated sugar. Pour the mixture into a large bowl. Repeat the process with the remaining solids and liquid, and add the mixture to the bowl. Stir in the salt. The mixture should be very thick, so it will be necessary to thin it with approximately 14 cup water to get the consistency of pancake batter.nCover the bowl loosely with plastic wrap and place in an oven, kept warm to a temperature of 90 degrees for 12 to 15 hours. This can be achieved with the help of a trouble light or floodlight fitted with a 25watt bulb. Plug the power cord into an outlet close enough to the oven so that the bulb can rest on a rack in the oven. Turn on the light and prop the oven door open about 1 inch with the handle of a wooden spoon. Check the temperature periodically to be sure it stays at 90 degrees. During warm summer months it may not be necessary to use the lightbulb. The batter should nearly double in volume and smell a little sour.nRemove the bowl from the oven and stir the contents. The batter will be thick and foamy. If you choose not to fry the crepes immediately, refrigerate the batter at this point. Remove it from refrigerator 12 hour before frying.nWhen ready to fry the crepes, check the consistency of the batter: it should pour smoothly like pancake batter. Add the baking soda and a little more water if needed.nHeat a nonstick griddle or frying pan over medium low heat 2 pans will speed up the process. Spread about 14 teaspoon oil evenly over the griddle. Ladle 14 cup of the batter into the center of the hot griddle, and immediately, using the back of the ladle, gently but steadily spread the batter in a circular motion from the center out, creating a thin pancake. If the batter does not spread easily into a thin layer, thin it with a little more water.nAs the crepe cooks, small holes will form on the surface. Sprinkle a few drops of oil on top, to help make it crisp. When the bottom turns a golden color about 1 minute turn it over and fry the other side 30 seconds or until lightly browned. Fold the crepe in half, golden side out, and place it on a platter. Keep the fried crepes warm as you repeat the process, oiling the griddle each time. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup split urad dhal, 1 12 cups long grain rice not basmati, 12 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, Gingelly oil or vegetable oil, for frying], title: Sourdough Crepes, picturelink: null}, 26108: {instructions: Chop the cooked beets and place them in a mixing bowl. Combine the lemon juice with olive oil, vegetable oil and mustard whisk together and season with salt and pepper. Toss with the beets and parsley adjust seasoning and serve with cold pork, celery remoulade, cornichons and mustard and heavy rye or pumpernickel bread., ingredients: [Half of recipe of orange baked beets, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup chopped parsley, Salt and pepper], title: Orange Beets, Second Time Around, picturelink: null}, 26109: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly coat a 6cup muffin pan with cooking spray. Prepare the corn muffin batter as the label directs, then stir in the flour, lemon zest and vanilla. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups. Bake until the edges are set and the centers are soft but not wet, 10 to 12 minutes. Meanwhile, toss the strawberries and strawberry preserves in a bowl and set aside. Remove the corn cakes from the oven. Gently press the back of a teaspoon into the center of each to make an indentation about onethird of the way into the cake. Spoon about 2 teaspoons of the strawberry mixture into each indentation, pressing to tightly fill. Reserve the remaining berry mixture for topping. Return the cakes to the oven and continue baking until just golden, about 5 more minutes. Let the cakes cool in the pan on a rack, 5 minutes, then remove from the pan and let cool 10 more minutes. Meanwhile, beat the cream and confectioners sugar with a mixer until soft peaks form. Top the cakes with the remaining berry mixture and serve with the whipped cream.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Cooking spray, for the pan, 1 8.5ounce package corn muffin mix, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup chopped strawberries, 2 tablespoons strawberry preserves, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar], title: Strawberry Corn Cakes, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 26110: {instructions: In a small bowl, stir together the mustard and 2 tablespoons of the vinegar into a smooth paste. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside at room temperature to mellow the flavor of the mustard, for at least 6 hours or overnight.nIn a medium saucepan, whisk together the yolks, sugar, and salt with the reserved mustard paste. Whisk in the halfandhalf. Cook the sauce over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until thickened, about 10 minutes. Do not let the mixture boil at any time. Stir in the remaining 4 tablespoons vinegar and continue to cook for another 10 minutes, stirring, until thickened and creamy. Pour sauce into a bowl. Set the bowl of sauce in a bowl of ice water. Stir the sauce to cool. Serve. Store covered in the refrigerator for up to 2 days. Serve with baked ham, pork or on sandwiches., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dry English mustard, 6 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 large egg yolks, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups halfandhalf], title: Mustard Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26111: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Combine flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in large bowl mix well.nBEAT egg in small bowl whisk in peanut butter. Stir in milk a little at a time add oil and mix well. Pour into bowl with dry ingredients stir gently to combine this is a stiff batter do not over mix.nLINE a 12 muffin pan with paper muffin cups. Fill the lined cups 13 full of batter. Make a shallow indentation in the center of the batter with your finger do not go to the bottom of the cup.nPLACE 1 teaspoon jelly in each indentation. Top with halved sausage patties. Fill muffin cups 23 full with remaining batter.nBAKE 20 minutes until done and golden brown. Remove from oven and cool in pan 5 minutes. Remove from pan and cool on wire rack serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 13 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 12 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 34 cup milk, 13 cup Criscou00ae Pure Canola Oil, 6 small, cooked sausage patties, halved, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Apple Jelly], title: Peanut Butter, Apple and Sausage Muffins, picturelink: null}, 26112: {instructions: Special equipment: Preserving Hardware: Large stockpot or canning kettle Jar rack or cake cooling rack for holding filled jars off the floor of the pot 6 8ounce Mason style preserving jars with lids and bands Wide mouth canning funnel technically optional, practically indispensable Canning tongs specially made for snatching jars in and out of very hot situations Large 8ounce ladle Paper towels or dishtowels Magnetized lidwand or magnet tool from hardware store optional, but how else you gonna get hold of those darned lids Jam Hardware: Mediumlarge saucepan Wooden spoon Hand masher Nutmeg grater optionalnFor the jam: Place blueberries in saucepan over mediumlow heat. Sprinkle with pectin followed by the anise, nutmeg, lemon juice and vinegar. Once liquid starts to gather in bottom of pan, increase the heat to high and bring to a boil. Lower heat slightly and boil gently for five minutes occasionally mashing mixture. Mash in sugar, add the water and return to a boil for 1 minute. You just made jam. Cool, jar, refrigerate and enjoy within 2 weeks. Or, move to the preserving phase. Preserving the jam: Thoroughly wash all hardware in hot soapy water. Then pile everything excluding the jar lids into the pot. Cover with hot water by at least 1inch and bring to a boil and maintain for 10 full minutes to sterilize. Turn off the heat, wait 5 minutes then add the lids waiting will insure that the sealing compound does not melt. Leave all hardware in the pot until youre ready to can.nRemove the ladle, tongs, funnel and other tools from the pot, careful please, its hot in there to a clean towel or paper towels. Using the jar tongs, remove and drain the jars, placing them on the towelpaper towel surface. Avoid rock or metal surfaces which could result in thermal shock and breakage.nPlace the funnel in the first jar pick it up by the ring, avoiding the sterile interior. Use the ladle to fill each jar just to the bottom of the funnel, about 13inch from the bottom of the jar threads. This headspace is necessary for the jars to seal during processing.nWipe the jar rims with a moist paper towel, checking for any cracks or irregularities as you go. Use the magnetized device of your choice to position lids on each jar. Screw the rings on finger tight. Remember, the rings dont seal the jars they only hold the lids in place. Heat will drive out the headspace air, which when cooled will create a vacuum, thus sealing the jarsnReturn the jars to the pot being certain that they dont touch the bottom of the pot or each other. If you dont have a jar rack, try a round cake rack, or metal mesh basket. Even a folded kitchen towel on the pot bottom will do in a pinch. Add additional water if necessary to cover the jars by at least an inch, and bring to a hard boil over high heat according to the table below. Be sure not to start your timer until a true boil is reached. The headroom air may bubble out of the jars before a boil is reached. Dont be fooled.nProcessing times: Within 1,000 feet of sea level: 5 minutes 1,000  3,000 feet above sea level: 10 minutes 3,001 6,000 feet above sea level: 15 minutes 6,000  8,000 feet above sea level: 20 minutes Above 8,000 feet: wait until youre back down at base camp.nRecipe courtesy of Alton Brown, ingredients: [Large stockpot or canning kettle, Jar rack or cake cooling rack for holding filled jars off the floor of the pot, 6 8ounce Mason style preserving jars with lids and bands, Wide mouth canning funnel technically optional, practically indispensable, Canning tongs specially made for snatching jars in and out of very hot situations, Large 8ounce ladle, Paper towels or dishtowels, Magnetized lidwand or magnet tool from hardware store optional, but how else you gonna get hold of those darned lids, Mediumlarge saucepan, Wooden spoon, Hand masher, Nutmeg grater optional, 2 12ounce bags frozen blueberries, One 1 34ounce packet dry pectin, 14 teaspoon star anise, ground fine, 10 to 20 grinds fresh nutmeg or 14 teaspoon preground, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 5 tablespoons 2 12 ounces cider vinegar, 3 cups sugar, 12 cup water], title: Spiced Blueberry Jammin, picturelink: 9Z4e8BHtWF.7ESBjPw3Fwub5MhjgP8i}, 26113: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nWash, cut and remove the tops, seeds and pith from the peppers. Place in a nonreactive baking pan with a lid stainless steel, cast iron or enamel coated.nSaute the onions in the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat until very soft and transparent. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Allow to cool in the refrigerator.nMix 34 cup tomato puree with the ground turkey, rice, basil, ketchup, sage, salt, pepper, eggs and parsley. Fill the peppers, leaving 12inch space at the top. Add the remaining tomato puree.nCover the pan and bake the peppers until the rice is completely tender, 2 to 2 12 hours. Serve and enjoy, ingredients: [2 ounces fresh basil leaves, finely chopped, 12 medium organic green bell peppers, 1 large Spanish onion, minced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced fresh garlic, One 28ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, pureed, 3 pounds ground turkey thighs and legs, 1 cup basmati rice, 14 cup ketchup, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage, 1 12 tablespoons sea salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 large eggs, slightly beaten, 1 bunch curly parsley, washed and finely chopped], title: Marylous Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: null}, 26114: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a muffin pan with 24 regularsize cupcake liners.nIn a medium bowl, combine the sugar, allpurpose flour, cake flour, cocoa, cayenne powder, salt, baking soda and cinnamon. Set the bowl aside.nIn the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the oil and eggs on low speed until combined. Add the red food coloring and vanilla extract. Continue beating until the mixture is well combined. Turn the mixer to the lowest speed and add the flour mixture and buttermilk, alternating between the two, beginning and ending with the flour mixture.nFill the cupcake liners approximately half full with batter and bake until the cupcakes are set and a toothpick is removed cleanly, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and cream cheese until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add the cinnamon, vanilla extract and salt. With the mixer on low, begin adding the powdered sugar, alternating with the schnapps, until the desired consistency is reached and the mixture is smooth.nFrost each cupcake with the fiery cinnamon cream cheese frosting and serve., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons cake flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa, 2 teaspoons cayenne powder, 1 12 teaspoons fine salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups canola oil, 2 eggs, 1 ounce red liquid food coloring, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 sticks butter, at room temperature, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 6 to 7 cups powdered sugar, 12 to 1 shot cinnamon schnapps], title: Vixxxen: Red Hot Velvet Cupcakes with Fiery Cinnamon Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: X9LsEJphK4c7BmfZXiBLzLZvc5dAnTO}, 26115: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Make the topping: Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and nutmeg in a large bowl. Work in the butter with your fingers or a pastry blender until the mixture looks like coarse meal with some peasize lumps. Add the cream and stir with a fork until combined. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface knead 4 or 5 times to bring the dough together. Pat into a 12inchthick round, then use a 1 12to2inch cookie cutter to cut out biscuits. Pat the scraps together and cut out more biscuits. Put the biscuits on a baking sheet and chill until ready to use.nMake the filling: Melt the butter in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the peaches, flour, honey, lemon juice, lemon zest, vanilla, cinnamon and nutmeg and cook, stirring occasionally, until bubbling, about 5 minutes. Stir in the raspberries, then arrange the biscuits on top. Brush the biscuits with cream and sprinkle lightly with sugar.nTransfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the fruit is bubbling and the biscuits are cooked through, about 25 minutes. If the biscuits are browning too quickly, cover loosely with foil. Let cool slightly before serving.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 18 cup heavy cream, plus more for brushing, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 large peaches, peeled and cut into 12inchthick wedges, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup honey, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup raspberries], title: Peach and Raspberry Cobbler, picturelink: wisimMUYqH5HCMExp3uD9h.z2VUBBSu}, 26116: {instructions: Drizzle some extravirgin olive oil over steaks to coat lightly. Get a nonstick skillet screaming hot and add meat. Cook 3 minutes on each side for medium rare, 4 for medium to medium well.nRemove meat from pan and pull it off fire to cool for a minute.nDrizzle some extravirgin olive oil over the scallops and season with salt and pepper. Get a skillet screaming hot and cook scallops 2 to 3 minutes on each side until well caramelized.nBring 2 inches water to a boil in a medium skillet for asparagus.nReturn meat pan to medium heat and add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil. Add shallots, garlic and cook 2 minutes. Add sweet vermouth and reduce by half, 30 seconds or so. Add butter to the pan to finish sauce.nAdd asparagus to boiling water. Cook 2 to 3 minutes, remove and dress with lemon juice, a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper.nPlace each tenderloin steak on a plate and drizzle Manhattan sauce down over top. Serve 2 scallops on top of steaks and garnish with chives. Serve asparagus spears alongside., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 turn of the pan, 4 1inch thick tenderloin steaks, 8 large diver sea scallops, trimmed of the foot, Salt and pepper, 1 large shallot, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 13 cup sweet vermouth, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound asparagus spears, trimmed, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons chives, 10 blades, chopped or snipped], title: Sexy Surf and Turf: Seared Scallops and Tenderloin Steaks with Manhattan Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26117: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange the squash on a baking sheet and spray with olive oil spray, season with salt, pepper and nutmeg, and roast to tender, 30 minutes. Puree in a food processor with the stock or mash with the stock.nSimmer the puree with the cream to thicken a bit add half the cheese.nIn a skillet heat EVOO, 2 turns of the pan, over medium heat. Add the garlic and stir for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the kale and wilt.nCook the pasta to al dente and save a small ladleful of starchy cooking water just before draining. Toss the pasta with the puree, greens and starchy water transfer to baking dish and top with more cheese. Cool and store.nBring the pasta to room temperature to bake. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake until brown and bubbly on top, 40 minutes or so from room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 pounds pumpkin or butternut squash, diced or sliced, Olive oil cooking spray, Salt and pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup chicken stock, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 bundle Tuscan kale, chard or dandelion greens, stemmed and thinly sliced, 1 pound penne or fusilli], title: Baked Pumpkin and Cream Pasta, picturelink: dVQXkq1rOtHCyv6RLvmC8YT2QWA3znq}, 26118: {instructions: Scald cream in a small saucepan. Remove from heat and chill. Combine white chocolate and peanut butter together in a mixing bowl and blend together. Add chilled whipping cream and continue blending at high speed until a smooth consistency is achieved. Pour mixture into a suitable container and place in the refrigerator for 24 hours, to allow mixture to set.nUsing a melon baller, or a number 70 scoop, form the mixture into balls. Place balls on a sheet pan and into the refrigerator to firm up.nMelt the dark chocolate over a double boiler. Gently dip each ball in the melted chocolate so that its fully coated. Decorate with crushed peanuts. Keep truffles in the refrigerator until required., ingredients: [2 cups whipping cream, 2 pounds white chocolate, melted, 2 cups peanut butter, 1 pound dark bittersweet chocolate, Crushed peanuts, for decoration], title: Peanut Butter Truffles, picturelink: null}, 26119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and saute until crisp and golden, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the pancetta to a plate. Add the bell pepper, shallots, garlic, and oregano to the same skillet and saute until the shallots are tender and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the wine and simmer until it is almost evaporated, about 2 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and cool completely. Stir the reserved pancetta and 2 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese into the vegetable mixture. Season the mixture, to taste, with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nLine a heavy large baking sheet with foil. Arrange the clams in the reserved shells on the baking sheet. Spoon the vegetable mixture atop the clams, dividing equally and mounding slightly. Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons of Parmesan. Bake until the clams are just cooked through and the topping is golden, about 10 minutes.nArrange the clams on the platter and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 ounces sliced pancetta or bacon, finely chopped, 1 cup finely diced red bell pepper, 13 cup chopped shallots, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 13 cup dry white wine, 4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 medium 2 12inch littleneck clams, shucked, bottom shells reserved], title: Clams Casino, picturelink: Wgq.baW7RLrJy3lCcBrQiz7C70OD62}, 26120: {instructions: Empty drained tuna into a bowl. Add the salsa and mix well. Evenly top rice cakes with the tunasalsa mixture. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 2.6ounce packet albacore tuna packed in water, drained, 3 tablespoons prepared salsa, 2 lightly salted rice cakes], title: Salsafied Tuna Snack, picturelink: null}, 26121: {instructions: Line a small loaf pan or other mold with plastic wrap, leaving some plastic wrap hanging over the edges.nCombine jalapeno, whole milk and 12 cup of the sugar in a saucepan and heat until steaming, stirring often. Remove milk from heat and let cool to room temperature.nPeel and grate ginger and squeeze the gratings to release ginger juice. Stir into milk mixture.nCombine heavy cream, remaining sugar and vanilla extract and whip to soft peaks. Fold into milk mixture.nTransfer to prepared pan and freeze until set.nRemove semifreddo by pulling evenly on opposite ends of the plastic wrap lining., ingredients: [1 jalapeno, halved lengthwise, 1 cup whole milk, 34 cup superfine sugar, 2inch piece ginger, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Ginger Chili Pepper Semifreddo, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 26122: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees. Butter 6 4 to 5inch ramekins and sprinkle lightly with sugar to coat. In a medium nonreactive saucepan, combine the teas, cream, milk, and vanilla beans and heat over low heat. Simmer to flavor, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to steep for an hour or so. Strain the mixture, return it to the saucepan, and add the honey. Scald over medium heat. Meanwhile, in a nonreactive bowl, combine the egg yolks, cornstarch, and 14 cup of the granulated sugar and mix well. Add a ladleful of the tea mixture to the yolks, stir to temper, and stir the mixture back into the saucepan. Cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture thickens to the consistency of thick custard, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a shallow baking pan, cover the surface of the mixture with plastic film, and refrigerate to cool. The mixture can be held overnight. Place a heavy cookie sheet in the oven. Using a mixer, beat the egg whites at low speed with 1 tablespoon of the sugar until soft peaks form. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons of sugar, increase the speed to high, and whip the egg whites in 2 3second burst. Transfer the cooled tea mixture to a large nonreactive bowl and whisk until smooth. You should have an equal volume of the tea mixture and the egg whites if not, discard enough of whichever is in excess to make the quantities equal. Add the whites to the tea mixture and, using a spatual, fold until completely blended. Fill the ramekins to the top with the mixture and tap them on a work surface to disperse any air bubbles. Wipe away any mixture that spatters on the sides of the molds. Place the ramekins on the heated sheet and bake until the sides of the souffles, which have risen above the edges of the ramekins, are golden brown, about 12 minutes. After 6 minutes check to make sure that the souffles have not adhered to the sides of the ramekins, which will cause uneven rising use the tip of a sharp paring knife to free any stuck portions Sprinkle the souffles with the confectioners sugar and serve. Scoop the ice cream into the souffles at table., ingredients: [12 cup jasmine tea leaves, 14 cup oolong tea leaves, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup milk, 2 vanilla beans, preferably Tahitian, split lengthwise and scraped, 12 cup pure honey, 10 eggs, separated, 12 cup cornstarch, 12 cup granulated sugar, Confectioners sugar, Lemon grass ice cream], title: Jasmine Tea Souffles, picturelink: null}, 26123: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the scallops with salt and pepper. Cook the scallops until they are brown and warm at the center, about 1 minute per side. Drain the scallops on a plate lined with a paper towel.nWipe out the pan. Return it to the stove and heat over high. Season the foie gras with salt and pepper and sear on each side just until brown and firm, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Drain the foie gras on paper towels.nReduce the heat to medium and add the shallots to the skillet. Cook, stirring until softened, then add the sugar. When the sugar has melted and browned, add the balsamic and demiglace. Reduce the sauce by 13 then add the vino cotto.nIn a separate pan gently reheat the scallops and foie gras for 1 or 2 minutes. Once they are warm, slice the scallops. Arrange the foie gras on 2 plates, top with sliced scallops then drizzle each plate with sauce. Garnish each portion with mizuna and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large scallops, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 7ounce pieces cleaned foie gras, chilled, 1 shallot, minced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 cup demiglace, 1 12 ounces baby mizuna, 1 tablespoon vino cotto], title: Scallops and Foie Gras Sauteed with Wild Berries and Vino Cotto, picturelink: fT3Ajqm2eOzZAtdV.sEN96ViiYRDvt.}, 26124: {instructions: Whisk together the sugar, cornstarch and salt in a large saucepan whisk in the milk until smooth. Heat over mediumhigh heat, whisking, until bubbles begin to form. Remove from the heat.nWhisk the egg in a medium bowl. Slowly pour 14 cup of the hot milk mixture into the egg while whisking vigorously whisk until smooth. Pour the mixture back into the saucepan and cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking vigorously, until thick and starting to bubble, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a bowl, whisk in the sour cream and vanilla and let cool until thick, whisking frequently.nCut the bananas into thin slices. Layer a few banana slices, a few wafer pieces and 2 tablespoons of the prepared pudding in each of 4 glasses repeat the layering once and then top with a final layer of pudding. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate for up to 4 hours., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 cups lowfat 1 percent milk, 1 large egg, 14 cup reducedfat sour cream, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 ripe large bananas, 8 reducedfat vanilla wafers, broken], title: Lightened Up Banana Pudding, picturelink: p9yj4MvkE7lCTeRKBBcYn2D9I.QmPgu}, 26125: {instructions: For the relish: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste.nFor the sauce: Preheat grill or side burner. Heat the oil in a large nonreactive saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until soft. Add the Thai chiles, ginger, curry powder and cinnamon and cook for 2 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and cook until the sauce becomes thick, about 30 to 40 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool slightly. Place plum mixture, in 2 or 3 batches, in a food processor and process until smooth. Remove marinade to a large bowl and let cool completely. Reserve 1 cup. Yield: 4 cupsnFor the duck: Preheat grill mediumlow heat. Season breast with salt and pepper on both sides to taste. Grill skinside down for 5 minutes. Baste, using 3 cups of the plum sauce, turn, baste again, and grill for 5 minutes. Baste, turn and baste again cover the grill and cook the duck skinside down for 5 minutes. Baste, turn and baste again cover and cook another 5 minutes or until wellbrowned on the outside but mediumrare doneness total 20 minutes. Remove breasts to a platter and brush with the reserved plum sauce. Cover with foil and let sit 10 minutes. Grill the tortillas for 15 seconds on each side. Cut the duck on the bias into 14inch thick slices. Brush some of the reserved sauce in the center of each tortilla, place 3 or 4 slices of the duck and a few green onions, wrap and serve. Serve with Tomatillo Salsa., ingredients: [8 fresh tomatillos, husked and washed, coarsely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped red onion, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 serrano pepper, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 Thai chiles, seeded and finely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon good quality curry powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 star anise, 8 purple plums, pitted and coarsely chopped, 14 cup honey, 12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 boned whole 2 pounds each Muscovy duck breasts, with skin, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Plum glaze, 1 cup reserved recipe above, 8 flour tortillas, 16 green onions, cut into 3inch pieces white and some of green and soaked], title: Duck Breasts with Fresh PlumGinger Glaze and Tomatillo Relish, picturelink: null}, 26126: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTransfer ice cream to mixing bowl and add jelly. Using a rubber spatula, fold in the jelly so it is streaky and not uniformly mixed. Return to the pint container and freeze until set, about 2 hours.nMelt butter in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add bread cubes and stir to coat bread on all sides. Continue stirring, until bread is golden brown on all sides. Remove from heat. Sprinkle with 3 tablespoons sugar and set aside.nCombine heavy cream and brown sugar in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to simmer, add peanut butter, and stir until combined and melted. To serve, scoop ice cream into serving bowls, drizzle with peanut butter sauce and top with croutons., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, softened, 14 cup strawberry or grape jam, 14 cup butter, 2 slices white bread, crusts removed, sliced into 12inch cubes, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup crunchy peanut butter], title: PB and J Sundae, picturelink: 5AlBbtfMv1WGir7pyk47.8k8iXKde1.}, 26127: {instructions: Berries: Rinse, stem and halve large strawberries. Peel the stone fruits, halve, pit, and chop larger specimens into 12inch pieces.nPuree the fruit in a food processor along with the sugar, lemon juice, vodka and salt. Pour into another vessel and refrigerate until the mixture reaches at least 40 degrees F, 4 to 6 hours.nChurn in an ice cream machine according to the manufacturers instructions until the mixture resembles soft serve ice cream. Freeze for at least 4 hours in an airtight container or until ready to serve, ingredients: [2 pounds fresh fruit, any combination of berries or stone fruit, 8 ounces sugar, 1ounce freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12ounce vodka, Pinch kosher salt], title: Summer Sorbet, picturelink: GhMBn0OqZQcnSwpeytLawbvHMYDuLgK}, 26128: {instructions: Place the yuca in a large saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring up to a boil, then reduce the heat so that the water is simmering and cook for 20 to 25 minutes, or until forktender. Check individual pieces for doneness, some pieces may cook faster than others. Drain in a colander and, when cool enough to handle, cut into quarters lengthwise and remove and discard the fibrous cores.nIn a very large skillet, combine the butter and olive oil over medium heat. Add the yuca pieces and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of the salt. Cook the pieces on one side for about 10 minutes, stirring frequently, until brown. Turn the yuca pieces over with tongs and sprinkle with the remaining teaspoon salt. Cook for 10 to 15 minutes more, until the pieces are deep golden brown on all sides. With a slotted spoon, transfer to a large heated platter. Sprinkle with the chopped parsley and the lime juice and serve, accompanied by wedges of lime., ingredients: [2 12 pounds yuca, peeled see Note, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, I tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons coarse sea salt, 12 bunch flatleaf parsley, coarsely chopped, Juice of I2 lime, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Yuca Arrebosada Sauteed Yuca, picturelink: null}, 26129: {instructions: Place beans in a bowl, cover with water and soak overnight. Drain and remove skins.nHeat oil in a large saucepan, add onions and saute until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the reserved beans, sugar, salt to taste, and water. Stir to blend, then cover pan and simmer for 45 minutes, or until beans are very soft. Add the lemon juice, simmer for 5 more minutes, and taste for seasoning.nPuree bean mixture in a blender or food processor until smooth, then transfer to a bowl and chill until firm. To serve, either garnish the top with fresh dill, or invert puree onto a serving dish and garnish with the dill and lemon slices., ingredients: [2 cups dried fava beans, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon sugar, Salt, 3 cups water, Juice of 12 lemon, Fresh dill for garnish, Lemon slices for garnish], title: Fava Puree, picturelink: null}, 26130: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine the walnuts, melted butter, brown sugar, cumin, paprika, cayenne and 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl toss, then spread the nuts on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the nuts are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Stir, then set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, make the dressing: Whisk the yogurt, lemon juice, honey, rice vinegar and a pinch each of salt and black pepper in a small bowl set aside.nTrim the tops and bottoms of the grapefruits, then use a paring knife to remove the peel and white pith. Cut between the membranes to release the segments into a large bowl.nAdd the spiced walnuts, celery, endive, arugula and chives to the bowl with the grapefruit. Add the yogurt dressing, season with salt and pepper and toss.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [1 cup walnuts, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon paprika, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 13 cup plain Greek yogurt, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons rice vinegar not seasoned, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 pink grapefruits, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 2 heads Belgian endive, cut into large pieces, 5 cups baby arugula, 1 small bunch chives, cut into 12inch pieces], title: GrapefruitArugula Salad, picturelink: CWY6X66PueL9qAMWVpKK4LX.k1MLxOi}, 26131: {instructions: Make the dressing by adding 1 at a time through the feed opening of a running blender, vinegar, parsley, marjoram, garlic, salt, and pepper. Leaving the blender running, pour in the olive oil in a slow stream. Set aside briefly.nCombine the spinach, carrots, radishes, and celery in a large bowl and add enough dressing to coat. Serve family style with additional dressing on the side., ingredients: [14 cup vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon fresh marjoram leaves, 1 garlic clove, quartered, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup olive oil, 1 pound spinach, soaked in salt water to remove grit, dried in a salad spinner, stems removed and torn into bite sized pieces, 4 large carrots, peeled and cut into 1 inch discs, 8 radishes, cut into wedges, 4 stalks celery, cut into 12inch pieces], title: Country Castle Salad, picturelink: null}, 26132: {instructions: Place the chicken wings in a large bowl discard the tips. Add the jerk seasoning and rum and work into the wings with your hands. Cover and let marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Preheat the broiler. Arrange the wings in a single layer on a pan, place 6 to 7 inches under the broiler, and cook about 7 minutes per side, or until the wings are done., ingredients: [3 pounds chicken wings 18 wings, disjointed, 2 heaping tablespoons jerk seasoning, Walkers Wood or any other brand, 13 cup dark rum], title: Jerk Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 26133: {instructions: Bring 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Turn off the heat, add the tea bags and let steep 5 minutes. Discard the tea bags. Stir in 1 cup ice cubes until completely melted. Pour the tea into a liquid measuring cup, and let it chill completely in the refrigerator, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the sugar and 12 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has completely melted, about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat, add the mint and stir until it has completely wilted. Let cool completely at room temperature, at least 30 minutes.nStrain the cooled mint syrup into a large liquid measuring cup or a pitcher, then press the leaves with a wooden spoon or spatula to extract as much liquid as possible. Discard the mint. Add the blueberries, and use a wooden spoon or a potato masher to lightly crush most of them a few whole blueberries is fine. Add the chilled tea, and stir to combine.nTo serve, fill 4 tall glasses with ice. Divide the blueberry mixture among them. Add enough sparkling wine to fill each glass. Garnish with a mint sprig, and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 Earl Grey tea bags, 12 cup sugar, 1 large bunch mint, stems and leaves roughly chopped about 2 cups, plus 4 sprigs for garnish, 2 cups blueberries, Sparkling wine, cold], title: Earl Grey Tea and Blueberry Spritzer, picturelink: tP5U4etMtEoVTlrgG8sa9nC08600dG}, 26134: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the olives, fennel, orange zest, orange segments, lavender, if using, and olive oil into a large bowl and toss well. Pour the olive mixture onto a baking sheet and place in the oven for 20 minutes. Turn oven to broil and broil olives for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove and transfer to a decorative bowl. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups cracked green olives, 1 small fennel bulb, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 1 orange, zested, 1 orange, supremed, 1 teaspoon dried lavender blossoms, optional, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Broiled Olives with Fennel, Orange and Lavender, picturelink: null}, 26135: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nTo make the wings: In a small mixing bowl, whisk the beer, hot sauce, salt, pepper, and cinnamon. Put the drumsticks in a large, heavy plastic bag, pour in the beer mixture, seal the bag, and refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours.nMeanwhile, to make the basting sauce: Whisk all ingredients together except cayenne pepper in a small mixing bowl. Refrigerate until ready to use.nTo make the blue cheese dip, mix all ingredients until incorporated. Puree in a food processor. Refrigerate until ready to use.nCoat a baking sheet with nonstick spray. Remove the drumsticks from the marinade, pat dry and place on the baking sheet in a single layer. Reserve 14 cup of the basting sauce. Brush some of the remaining sauce over each drumstick. Bake for 10 minutes.nRemove pan from the oven and use tongs to turn the drumsticks over. Brush with more sauce, and sprinkle with cayenne pepper, return to the oven and bake until drumsticks are brown, crisp and cooked through, about 15 minutes more.nPreheat the broiler. Brush drumsticks with the reserved sauce and broil until browned, about 3 minutes. Serve immediately with blue cheese dip., ingredients: [1 12ounce can light beer, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 pounds chicken drumsticks, skinned, Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup plain nonfat yogurt, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 14 cup blue cheese, crumbled, 12 cup lowfat sour cream, 12 cup fat free cottage cheese, creamed, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons finely minced onions, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Janettes Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 26136: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Place the carrots on a large sheet of foil drizzle with 2 tablespoons melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Fold up the edges of the foil and add 14 cup water, then seal into a packet. Set on a baking sheet and roast on the bottom oven rack until tender, 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix the cornflakes, the remaining 2 tablespoons melted butter, the lemon zest and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a shallow dish. Whisk 2 tablespoons mustard and the egg white in another dish. Coat the turkey in the mustard mixture dredge in the cornflake mixture. Place on a wire rack set on a baking sheet. Roast on the top oven rack until cooked through, 15 minutes.nCombine the cranberries, pear, sugar, lemon juice and 2 tablespoons water in a small saucepan bring to a boil, stirring. Reduce the heat to medium low simmer until the cranberries burst, 5 minutes. Transfer to a blender, add the remaining 1 teaspoon mustard and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with the turkey and carrots.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups cornflakes, finely crushed about 1 34 cups crumbs, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon honey mustard, 1 large egg white, lightly beaten, 1 12 pounds skinless, boneless turkey breast, cut into strips, 2 cups cranberries thawed, if frozen, 1 pear such as Anjou or Bartlett, finely chopped, 12 cup sugar, 1 pound small carrots, greens trimmed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Turkey Tenders with Cranberry Ketchup, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 26137: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the mushrooms and cook, without moving them, until brown on 1 side, about 1 minute. Continue to saute for another 1 to 2 minutes. Season mushrooms with salt and pepper and pour onto cookie sheet to cool. Set used pan aside.nIn a separate, clean skillet, heat 1 tablespoon oil over medium heat. Add minced garlic. Cook until golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add onion and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. In the pan where the mushrooms were, add 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. Add yellow squash. Cook until browned, about 1 to 2 minutes and drain onto same cookie sheet with mushrooms.nPlace peppers in hot pan where squash was cooking, sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of thyme. When heated thoroughly, add peppers to waiting mushrooms and yellow squash. Add zucchini to the same pan, add remaining thyme, cook until browned, about 2 minutes. Pull both pans onions and zucchini off the heat, and add to cookie sheet with other vegetables.nIn the former zucchinimushroom pan, cook leeks to soften, about 2 minutes. In the other, bring the tomatoes to a simmer. Season the leeks with salt and pepper, to taste, and add spinach. When spinach is wilted, add cooked leeks to cooling vegetables on cookie sheet. Add basil to the tomatoes, then add tomatoes to cookie sheet. Stir gently, and top with Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups thinly sliced fresh wild or domestic mushrooms, Gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 onion, diced, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 pound yellow squash, cut into 14inch dice, about 1 12 cups, 14 cup diced red bell pepper, cut into 14inch dice, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 pound zucchini, cut into 14inch dice, about 1 12 cups, 12 cup thinly sliced leek, white part only, 34 cup peeled, seeded, and chopped vineripened tomatoes, about 12 pounds, 1 cup loosely packed baby spinach, sliced, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Southern Italian Ratatouille, picturelink: null}, 26138: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium stock pot. Add the vegetables to the oil, stir frequently, and cook until lightly brown around the edges. Add remaining ingredients, except sausage, 1 at a time. Bring to a boil and simmer for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Stir in sausage and allow to cook for 10 more minutes. Place in bowls, spoon 1 tablespoon of pesto and 14 to 12 cup of sausage into each bowl. Serve with GarlicParmesan Crostini.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Season the sausage with salt, to taste, and carefully place in a single layer across the skillet. Cook the sausage for 3 to 5 minutes over mediumhigh heat or until browned. Turn the sausages and repeat on opposite side. Remove from heat and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Slice into 14inch slices.nCombine all ingredients in a food processor and puree until smooth.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a small skillet. Add the garlic and cook for 5 minutes or until garlic begins to brown. Remove from heat. Brush the garlic oil on the top and bottom of each slice of bread. Place the bread in a single layer over a sheet pan. Sprinkle each slice with parmesan. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes on the middle oven rack until bread browns over the top. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 10 cloves garlic, diced, 1 medium white onion, diced, 2 carrots, diced, 4 stalks celery, diced, 1 herb bouquet tied with kitchen string: 4 stems fresh rosemary, 8 stems fresh oregano, 10 stems fresh thyme, 1 dried bay leaf, 2 cans cannellini beans, or 3 cups prepared white beans, 2 quarts chicken stock, 4 links spicy cooked chicken Italian sausage, sliced, recipe follows, 12 cup Spinach Pesto, recipe follows, GarlicParmesan Crostini, recipe follows, 14 cup olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 spicy chicken Italian sausage, 12 pound spinach leaves, 5 cloves garlic, smashed and minced, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon fresh white pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 1 French style baguette, cut into 24 12inch thick slices, 10 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup shaved Parmesan], title: White Bean Cassoulet, picturelink: null}, 26139: {instructions: For the RaspberryBlueberry Smoothie: Put raspberries, blueberries, soy milk and yogurt into blender. Add ice cubes. Blend until smooth.nFor the KiwiApple Smoothie: Put kiwis, apple juice, soy milk and yogurt into blender. Add ice cubes. Blend until smoothnFor the Sunny Day BananaPineapple Smoothie: Put bananas, pineapple juice, vanilla soy milk and yogurt into blender. Add ice cubes. Blend until smooth., ingredients: [raspberries approx. 1 handful, blueberries approx. 1 handful, 1 cup soy milk, 2 scoops lowfat yogurt, ice cubes, 2 kiwis, chopped, 1 cup apple juice, 1 cup soy milk, 2 scoops of lowfat yogurt, ice cubes, 2 bananas, chopped, 2 scoops vanilla yogurt, 1 cup vanilla soy milk, 1 cup pineapple juice, ice cubes], title: Smoothies, picturelink: null}, 26140: {instructions: One by one, place the chicken breasts between 2 pieces of plastic wrap, or inside of a resealable plastic bag, and pound with a meat mallet or rolling pin or heavybottomed pan until about 12inch thick. In a glass baking dish, combine the zest and all but 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice with 14 cup of the olive oil, the shallot, garlic, and a little more than 2 tablespoons of each of the chopped fresh herbs. Reserve the remaining chopped herbs. Add the pounded chicken breasts to the herb mixture and turn to coat. Season generously with salt and pepper, cover the dish with plastic wrap, and put in the refrigerator to marinate, at least 20 minutes and up to 1 hour.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the chicken breasts to the pan and cook, turning once, until cooked through and golden brown on both sides, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. Cook the breasts 2 at a time if the pan is too small. Transfer to a serving platter and keep warm.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon of lemon juice and the white wine to the pan, scraping to loosen any brown bits, and reduce until almost dry. Add the chicken broth and reduce by half, then off the heat add the reserved herbs and cold butter, swirling to melt the butter and thicken the sauce. Pour over the chicken paillards and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, tenders removed and trimmed of any cartilage, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon juice reserved, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt, for seasoning, Pepper, for seasoning, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon cold butter], title: HerbMarinated Grilled Chicken Paillards with Pan Sauce, picturelink: yB1qmrLQ5cQqJWnfN2aVIOxPzwSIe4u}, 26141: {instructions: Special equipment: 6inch wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnFor the vinaigrette:nBlend the vinegar, water, onion, cilantro, honey, salt and pepper, to taste, in a blender until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil and blend until emulsified.nFor the potatoes:nWhisk together the chili powder, cinnamon, cumin, sugar, salt and pepper, to taste, in a small bowl.nHeat the grill over mediumhigh heat.nBrush the potato slices with oil on both sides and season with the spice rub on one side. Skewer 2 slices of the potatoes onto 2 skewers so the potatoes lay flat and place on the grill, rub side down and cook until golden brown and a crust has formed, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn the skewers over and continue grilling until the second side is golden brown and the potatoes are just cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes longer. Remove to a platter and immediately drizzle with green onion vinaigrette, green onions and chopped cilantro., ingredients: [3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons water, 34 cup freshly chopped green onion, green parts only, plus more for garnish, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 6 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 4 sweet potatoes, scrubbed, parcooked and slice into 1inch thick slices, skin left on, Canola oil, Freshly chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Red Chile Rubbed Sweet Potatoes with Green Onion Vinaigrette, picturelink: cmbxBSh5bOEzpUCzSGYqJI9b4aesarW}, 26142: {instructions: Pour the tequila into a tall and narrow glass. Remove the frozen pops from their wrappers and submerge them 1 at a time in the glass of tequila, tilting the glass to completely moisten the entire popsicle. Sprinkle each side of the frozen pops with some salt and then arrange the pops on a plate and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup tequila, 6 lime allfruit frozen pops, Margarita salt or kosher salt], title: Frozen Margarita Pops, picturelink: null}, 26143: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a very large 12inch saute pan and cook the onions over low heat for 20 minutes, or until tender but not browned. Add the zucchini and cook, covered, for 10 minutes, or until tender. Add the salt, pepper, and nutmeg and cook uncovered for 5 more minutes. Stir in the flour. Add the hot milk and cook over low heat for a few minutes, until it makes a sauce. Pour the mixture into an 8 by 10inch baking dish.nCombine the bread crumbs and Gruyere and sprinkle on top of the zucchini mixture. Dot with 1 tablespoon of butter cut into small bits and bake for 20 minutes, or until bubbly and browned., ingredients: [6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, plus extra for topping, 1 pound yellow onions, cut in 12 and sliced 3 large, 2 pounds zucchini, sliced 14inch thick 4 zucchini, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup hot milk, 34 cup fresh bread crumbs, 34 cup grated Gruyere], title: Zucchini Gratin, picturelink: hFMMxJJshqLuQ0HIdkOu.KrigZabsOS}, 26144: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the cauliflower into a steamer basket fitted over the pot, cover, and steam until just tender, about 5 minutes. Finely chop the steamed cauliflower.nIn a small bowl, combine the bread crumbs, Parmesan, and oil.nIn a large saucepan, whisk together the milk and flour until the flour is dissolved. Whisking constantly, bring the mixture to a gentle boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the mixture thickens slightly, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the cheddar, Gruyere, mustard powder, paprika, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Whisk until the cheeses are melted and the mixture is smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chopped cauliflower and macaroni and stir until well coated.nSpray an ovenproof 10inch highsided skillet with cooking spray. Pour the mixture into the prepared skillet. Sprinkle with the bread crumb mixture, place on a baking sheet, and bake until the top is browned and the cheese is bubbly, 35 to 40 minutes.nHomemade bread crumbs are one of those chefs secrets u00bf important but often overlooked detail that can make a dish. These easytomake crumbs are flaky, mild, and versatileu00bfthey dont have that heavy wholewheat taste and dense texture that most storebought brands have. Since bread crumbs are a comfortfood cornerstone used in everything from cutlet coatings to casserole toppings, its key to have the best.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the bread in a food processor and process until fine crumbs form, 25 to 30 seconds. Place the crumbs on a baking sheet, spreading them evenly. Bake until golden brown, about 12 minutes. Store the bread crumbs in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 cups 1inchwide cauliflower florets, 1 14 cups LightandCrisp WholeWheat Bread Crumbs recipe below, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 3 cups cold lowfat 1 milk, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups shredded extrasharp cheddar cheese 5 ounces, 14 cup shredded Gruyere cheese 1 ounce, 2 teaspoons mustard powder, 34 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 6 ounces 1 12 cups wholegrain elbow macaroni, cooked for 3 minutes less than the package directions about 3 cups cooked, Nonstick cooking spray, 4 slices whole wheat sandwich bread about 1 ounce each], title: Skillet Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 26145: {instructions: For the chicken: Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat some vegetable oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the chicken and sear on both sides. Cook until cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes, depending on size.nFor the tapenade: In a bowl, mix together the olives, garlic, oil and some pepper.nFor the sauce: In a small bowl, mix together the ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard, garlic salt, onion salt and pepper.nFor the sandwich: Toast the hamburger bun. Place the bun on a plate and spread with some of the sauce. Layer the bottom bun with the lettuce and tomato, then add some of the tapenade. Add the chicken and top with more tapenade. Cover with the bun top and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 ounces chicken breast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for pan, 3 ounces pimientostuffed olives, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons grapeseed oil, Ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ketchup, 1 teaspoon mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon mustard, 13 teaspoon garlic salt, 13 teaspoon onion salt, 13 teaspoon black pepper ground, 1 hamburger bun, 1 green leaf lettuce leaf, 2 slices tomato], title: Chicken Sandwich, picturelink: N.dtYsyFKOdkl717FaKo4hFdxvDHOCe}, 26146: {instructions: Divide the malt liquor between 2 large glasses, followed by the ice cream and bacon., ingredients: [12 ounces raspberryflavored malt liquor or wine cooler, 1 pint confetti vanilla ice cream, 4 strips crispcooked bacon, very finely minced], title: Sunnys Bacon Berry Fun Float, picturelink: LPumCi5nVimmBwn3GM4g.OLNQsWJ6CK}, 26147: {instructions: In a rocks glass, muddle mint and sugar together with a spoon until sugar dissolves. Pour in ice and cachaca, stir and serve., ingredients: [Mint leaves, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, Crushed ice, 2 ounces cachaca], title: Mint Caparina, picturelink: null}, 26148: {instructions: Combine the couscous, boiling stock or water, and salt in a large bowl cover with a plate. Let sit 5 minutes, then fluff with a fork.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute the garlic and onion 10 minutes, or until tender. Add the drained tomatoes and cook 10 minutes more, stirring frequently. Stir the tomato mixture into the couscous and mix in the reserved tomato juice, basil, pine nuts, raw spinach, and pepper.nSpread half the couscous mixture into a 12 by 7 by 2inch baking dish or other shallow 2 12 quart baking dish. Sprinkle on the cheese, then top with the remaining couscous. Cover the dish with foil and bake 25 minutes, or until hot and bubbly., ingredients: [1 cup couscous, 1 12 cups boiling vegetable stock, or water, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 large onion, diced, 1 28ounce can tomatoes, finely chopped and drained reserve 13 cup juice, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh basil, or 1 teaspoon dried, 13 cup pine nuts, 5 cups about 5 ounces loosely packed fresh spinach, stems removed and leaves torn into small pieces, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 cup grated Fontina cheese], title: Baked Couscous with Spinach and Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 26149: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F.nTrim tough ends of asparagus and save for soup. Place asparagus in a large bowl and toss with about 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons of chopped thyme leaves and salt and pepper. Spread the asparagus out on a cookie sheet and roast 10 to 12 minutes until the asparagus is tender and crispy at the tips.nHeat a large skillet over medium to medium high heat add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, and 2 tablespoons butter to the pan. Place flour in a shallow dish. Season chicken with salt and pepper then dredge the tenders in flour and add it to the pan. Cook chicken 7 to 8 minutes until browned. Add wine and scrape up browned bits as wine cooks down and bubbles, 30 seconds. Add 12 cup stock to skillet. Combine cream and mustard and add to stock. Add grapes to the pan and turn chicken and grapes to coat and combine with the sauce. Simmer 5 minutes over low heat.nBring remaining 2 cups chicken stock and remaining tablespoon of fresh thyme to a boil in a small pot. Add couscous. Put a tight fitting lid on pot and remove from heat. Let stand 5 minutes, then fluff with a fork.nServe tenders and grapes on couscous alongside asparagus., ingredients: [1 12 pound asparagus, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, stripped from 6 to 7 sprigs, Coarse salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 14 cup allpurpose flour, eyeball it, 2 pounds chicken tenders, 12 cup white wine, eyeball it, 2 12 cups chicken stock available on soup aisle in paper boxes, divided, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup grainy, stoneground mustard, 1 12 cups, about 12 pound, seedless red grapes, halved, 2 cups couscous], title: Vickis Favorite Chicken with Grapes, Couscous and Roasted Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 26150: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cream the butter and sugar together until fluffy. Add the yolks in two additions, scraping well with a rubber spatula after each. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt in a separate bowl. Mix in the dry ingredients in 3 additions, alternating with 2 additions of the milk and vanilla, waiting until everything is incorporated before each and scraping down the bowl.nScrape the batter onto a jellyroll pan lined with parchment paper. Spread with a spatula until very even. Bake for 17 to 18 minutes. When it has cooled to room temperature, refrigerate until cold.nFor the cream: Meanwhile, whip together the cream, mascarpone and sugar until it reaches the consistency of sour cream. Do not overwhip it will thicken up as it sits.nFor the basil syrup: Blanch the basil in boiling water for 15 seconds, then immediately shock in ice water. Puree the leaves in a blender with the simple syrup and corn syrup until very smooth. Strain if necessary.nFor assembly: Cut the cake into desired size, such as 3 to 4inch circles or squares. Carefully slice in half horizontally. Put bottom halves on a plate, add basil syrup, a layer of strawberries, a scoop of mascarpone cream, more strawberries, basil syrup and top with the remaining cake halves., ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted butter, 2 cups sugar, 6 egg yolks, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 3 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 ounces milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 8 cups strawberries, quartered, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, Ice water, 1 cup simple syrup, 1 tablespoon corn syrup], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 26151: {instructions: Pulse the olives in a food processor until finely chopped transfer to a small bowl be sure to scrape out every last bit. Wipe out the food processor bowl. Pulse the giardiniera in the processor until finely chopped transfer to a medium bowl, add the mayonnaise and stir to combine.nPut an 18inchlong piece of plastic wrap on the counter. Arrange 9 slices of the bread on the plastic in a 3pieceby3piece square, overlapping the pieces by 14 inch. Press the overlapping parts together firmly with your fingers so they stick together. Cover the bread with another 18inchlong piece of plastic wrap, and roll over the bread several times with a rolling pin, pressing to adhere and flatten the bread. Remove the top piece of plastic, and spread half the giardinera mayonnaise over the bread in an even layer.nFold half the mortadella slices in half, and place them on the bottom third of the bread square. Place half the salami slices on the mortadella, then add half the provolone slices overlap the slices in each row. Spread half the chopped olives evenly over the cheese.nTightly roll up the bread and filling, starting at the bottom, using the plastic wrap to keep it together and tucking the filling in tightly as you go. Tighten the plastic wrap at the ends and pinch the ends together until you have made a very tight roll. Repeat with the remaining 9 slices of bread and fillings. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours up to overnight.nUnwrap the logs, and slice each into twelve 34inch slices., ingredients: [12 cup pimentostuffed green olives, 1 cup drained giardiniera, 14 cup mayonnaise, 18 thin slices packaged white bread, crusts removed, 12 pound sliced mortadella, 13 pound sliced salami, 14 pound sliced provolone], title: Muffuletta Pinwheels, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 26152: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Cut potatoes and celery root into 12inch thick matchsticks. In a small bowl, mix together cayenne, paprika, 5spice powder, garlic powder, black pepper and salt. Spread matchsticks evenly on 2 sheet trays and toss with oil and spice mixture. Roast until golden brown, about 40 minutes, shaking pan occasionally. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large sweet potatoes, 1 large celery root, peeled, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 12 teaspoon Chinese 5spice powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Sweet Potato and Celery Root Fries, picturelink: .xpkfJRzhjjuqG3eyNdw5YDdKVvF1yy}, 26153: {instructions: Combine cabbage, cucumber, radishes, jalapeno, vinegar and sugar. Toss gently. Set aside 30 minutes. Drain.Split Bolillo lengthwise. Spread with mayonnaise. Arrange cabbage mixture on bottom of Bolillo. Arrange seafood over. Top with avocado. Squeeze lime juice over. Press Bolillo together and serve., ingredients: [12 cup shredded green or red cabbage, 14 cucumber, thinly sliced, 2 radishes, thinly sliced, 14 jalapeno chili, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Pinch of sugar, 1 Bolillo, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 14 pound chopped cooked seafood shrimp, lobster, crab or salmon, 14 avocado, thinly sliced and 1 lime wedge], title: Seafood Torta, picturelink: null}, 26154: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in soup pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and brown. Add the turkey and break up with a potato masher, then season with some black pepper. When the turkey is browned, add in the corn.nPlace the reserved corncob in a small pot and add the stock and a little water to cover. Bring to a bubble and simmer.nTo the meat and corn, add the chipotle puree, stirring until fragrant. Add the cinnamon, garlic and onions, and partially cover to soften, 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute.nRemove the cob from the corn stock, then add the stock and beans to the chili, and stir to combine. Cool and store the chili for a makeahead meal.nReheat over medium heat, adding a little more stock or water if necessary.nTo serve, top with cilantro and the juice of a wedge of lime and some crushed corn chips., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 8 ounces Mexican or Spanish chorizo, casing removed and crumbled or chopped, 1 14 pound ground turkey, Black pepper, 1 large ear corn, scraped from the cob, cob reserved and broken in half, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons pureed chipotle in adobo sauce, using peppers and sauce, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large or medium onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, One 14ounce can red or black beans, A handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 lime, Crushed corn chips, such as Fritos, for garnish], title: Turkey and Chorizo Chili, picturelink: Ye5NgGjjg6zlMKuXO4Lp6lRiM12VxaO}, 26155: {instructions: Combine the beef consomme, soy sauce, lemon juice, liquid smoke and garlic in a large roasting pan a disposable is just fine. Place the brisket in the marinade, fatside up. Cover tightly with foil. Marinate in the refrigerator for 24 to 48 hours.nWhen ready to cook, preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nCook the brisket in the foilcovered pan until forktender, about 40 minutes per pound 6 to 7 hours. Transfer to a cutting board, slice against the grain and put the slices back into the cooking liquid. Serve immediately, spooning the juice over the slices. Barbecue sauce may be used, if preferred.nYou may store the pan in the fridge for up to 2 days, or freeze for use at a later date. If fat collects and hardens at the top, remove and discard.nBrisket is great with mashed potatoes, with the juice spooned over the top. It is also great on a sandwich with melted cheese., ingredients: [2 cans beef consomme, 1 12 cups soy sauce, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons liquid smoke, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 10 pounds beef brisket, Prepared barbecue sauce, for serving, optional], title: Braised Beef Brisket, picturelink: 9gI2x8rsHoIZyzF6QSI9QibHIvOt2.}, 26156: {instructions: Heat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage, break it up with a wooden spoon, and cook, stirring occasionally, until well browned and cooked through, about 7 minutes.nUsing a slotted spoon, transfer the sausage to a bowl, leaving the rendered fat in the skillet. Whisk the flour into the fat and cook, stirring, for about 1 minute. While whisking, pour the milk into the skillet and bring the gravy to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer gently for 2 minutes. Stir in the sausage and season with pepper. Split the biscuits in half and divide them among plates. Top each biscuit with some of the gravy and serve immediately.nTo make the biscuits: Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with two layers of parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt. Rub 2 tablespoons of the butter into the flour with your fingertips until completely absorbed. Work the remaining butter into the flour until it is in even pieces about the size of a pea. Gently stir the milk into the flour mixture to make a loose dough.nLightly dust a clean work surface with flour and turn the dough out onto it. Pat the dough into a 12inch thick rectangle. Fold the dough in thirds like a business letter. For a flakier biscuit repeat the folding a second time. Pat the dough into a 5 by 8inch rectangle about 34inch thick. Use a 2 to 3inch round cutter to make 6 biscuits, and transfer them to the prepared baking sheet. Press together the scraps of dough and cut 2 more biscuits.nTo make the glaze: Mix the cream and melted butter together in a small bowl. Lightly brush the tops of the biscuits with the glaze. Bake until lightly browned, about 15 minutes. Cool on a rack for 5 minutes before serving.nYield: 8 biscuits, ingredients: [One 12ounce tube bulk pork sausage, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Baking Powder Biscuits, recipe follows, 2 cups allpurpose flour about 8 ounces, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 7 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, sliced, 34 cup milk, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted], title: White Sausage Gravy, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 26157: {instructions: Soak the dried mushrooms in 1 cup warm water for 30 minutes, then lift them out and strain the liquid. Finely chop the mushrooms. Add the soaking liquid to the mushroom stock in a large saucepan. Bring to a simmer.nHeat the butter in a wide soup pot, add the diced shallots, and cook over medium heat until soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring frequently, for 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and wine and simmer until the wine is absorbed, stirring a few times, then add 2 cups stock, cover and cook at a lively simmer until its absorbed. Begin adding the stock in 12 cup increments, stirring constantly until each addition is absorbed before adding the next. When the rice is cooked, stir in the parsley, cheese, and an additional 1 or 2 tablespoons of butter. Taste for salt and season with pepper.nSoak porcini in a bowl of warm water for 30 minutes. Set aside.nHeat oil in a soup pot. Add the onion, carrots, and celery. Saute over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until the onion is well browned, about 15 minutes. Scrape the bottom of the pan to loosen juices that have collected there. Add porcini, soaking liquid, remaining ingredients and 9 cups of water. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and simmer, partially covered, for 45 minutes. Strain., ingredients: [1ounce dried porcini, 5 12 cups mushroom stock, recipe follows, or vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon butter, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons shallots, finely diced, 1 12 cups aborio rice, 12 cup dry red wine, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 12 to 1ounce dried porcini, about 12 to 1 cup, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 carrots, diced, 2 celery ribs, diced, 1 cup chopped leek greens and leek roots, if available, 2 cloves of garlic, roughly chopped, 4 sprigs thyme or 14 teaspoon dried, Bouquet Garni that includes 10 sage leaves, 2 teaspoons salt, 9 cups water], title: Dried Wild Mushroom Risotto, picturelink: null}, 26158: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine vodka, water, limeade and lemon juice. Pour into martini glasses., ingredients: [1 cup vodka, 1 cup water, 1 8ounce can frozen limeade, 2 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Dollar Martini, picturelink: NUseiECdYuzJy55cp2NolryAWnysLXO}, 26159: {instructions: In a sealable microwavesafe container, combine apples with all other ingredients. Close lid, leaving one corner of lid open to allow steam to escape. Microwave on high for 10 minutes.nUsing a hand blender or potato masher, blend to desired consistency. Serve hot immediately or chill for later use., ingredients: [3 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, and quartered, 3 Fuji apples, peeled, cored, and quartered, 1 cup unfiltered apple juice, 2 tablespoons cognac or brandy, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons honey, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: 10 Minute Apple Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26160: {instructions: Lightly butter and flour a 9 by 5inch loaf pan. Put a rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the dates in a medium bowl and cover with hot water. Soak for 15 minutes and drain.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together both of the flours, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.nIn a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or with an electric handheld mixer, combine half the dates, butter, and brown sugar and mix on low speed until just incorporated. Raise the speed to high and mix until light and fluffy, about 10 minutes. Occasionally turn the mixer off, and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula.nAdd the eggs one at time, mixing well after each addition.nMixing on low speed, add the flour in 3 parts to the butter mixture, alternating with the milk in 2 parts, until just combined. Raise the speed to medium and mix briefly until a smooth batter is formed. Add the remaining dates and walnuts and mix until just incorporated.nScrape the batter into the prepared pan. Bake, turning the pan halfway through, until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 12 hours.nRemove from the oven and cool slightly. Remove the bread from the pan and cool on a rack completely before serving., ingredients: [1 12 heaping cups dates about 40 medium dates, pitted and roughly chopped, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup whole wheat flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup whole milk, room temperature, 1 heaping cup walnut pieces, roughly chopped], title: NotSoHeavy DateNut Bread, picturelink: null}, 26161: {instructions: In a large blender place the red onion, jalapenos, and lime juice start to puree by pulsing the mixture for 30 seconds to a 1 minute.nWith the blender running, start adding the parsley and cilantro in handful bunches, slowly so as not to crowd the blender. When the whole mixture is smooth, season with salt and pepper and set aside.nHeat a large saute pan on high with 1 tablespoon of olive oil, when the oil begins to smoke add the sliced garlic and cook for approximately 30 seconds until the garlic slices are brown but not burned. Add the clams and cook for 2 minutes.nDeglaze the pan with the white wine and clam juice, cover the pan and cook for 3 more minutes. Remove the lid and add the pureed salsa verde mixture stirring constantly in order to combine the clams, their cooking liquid, and the salsa verde thoroughly. Cook for 3 more minutes, season with salt and pepper and serve with grilled bread points., ingredients: [14 red onion, roughly chopped, 1 jalapeno, roughly chopped, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 cup Italian parsley leaves, 12 bunch cilantro, roughly chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 pound cockles or Manila clams, cleaned thoroughly, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup clam juice or fish stock, Crusty bread points, grilled, optional], title: Steamed Clams with Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 26162: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the honey mustard sauce: In a bowl, combine the mayo, mustard and honey mix well.nFor the sweet pea burgers: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.nSet the sweet potatoes on the baking sheet and bake until soft, 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let cool.nWhen cool enough to handle, halve the sweet potatoes, then scoop the flesh into a medium bowl and mash with the garbanzo beans. Add the egg, chili powder, flour, breadcrumbs, Parmesan and some salt and pepper. Mix until fully combined. Form the mixture in 6 patties.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, heat the oil and butter, swirling them together. Add the patties to the skillet and cook until brown and crispy, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a papertowellined plate to drain.nServe the burgers on toasted onion rolls spread with honey mustard sauce. Top with lettuce and avocado., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup wholegrain Dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, 2 large sweet potatoes, holes poked with a fork, Two 15ounce cans garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed, 1 egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups fine breadcrumbs, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 onion rolls, toasted, Bibb lettuce leaves, Sliced avocado], title: SweetPea Burgers, picturelink: ZIbqJqU99yeQnvk3KPKlr2XUQUeSOHi}, 26163: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the chicken from the refrigerator to come up to room temperature. Line a heavyduty rimmed baking sheet with foil.nPlace the chicken on the baking sheet, and place the lemon halves in the cavity. Sprinkle the skin with salt and pepper and drizzle lightly with olive oil. Roast the chicken until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of its thigh reads 165 degrees F, 1 hour 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 30 minutes.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, yogurt, curry powder, lemon juice, hot pepper jelly, Dijon mustard and green onions in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper.nShred the cooled chicken and discard the skin. Chop into chunks. Fold the chicken, smoked almonds and cranberries into the mayonnaise mixture.nAdd a big scoop of chicken salad to a slice of bread and top with baby arugula and a second bread slice. Slice in half and serve., ingredients: [One 4pound chicken, 1 lemon, sliced in half, plus juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup plain yogurt, 1 12 tablespoons mild curry powder, 1 tablespoon hot pepper jelly, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 3 green onions, 34 cup smoked almonds, chopped, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 slices nice sourdough bread, Baby arugula], title: Curried Chicken Salad Sandwiches, picturelink: NVmJ.r6UPKgBgSQRvslaiNU5c8IUfm}, 26164: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, break bread and moisten with evaporated milk and water. Pour eggs over mixture and mix well. Add pineapple, apple, raisins, sugar, and vanilla and mix well. Cut butter into pieces and add to mixture, mixing all ingredients well, Pour into a greased 9 by 13inch baking dish. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes or until golden brown and cooked through., ingredients: [2 12ounce cans evaporated milk, 1 cup water, 6 eggs, beaten, 8 ounces crushed pineapple, 1 large apple, grated, 1 cup raisins, 1 12 cups sugar, 5 tablespoons vanilla extract, 14 pound butter, softened, 1 loaf stale po boy bread or 5 cups cubed stale white bread], title: Oldfashioned Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 26165: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker full of ice and shake vigorously. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass over ice., ingredients: [2 ounces Cognac, 6 ounces freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 ounces freshly squeezed lime juice, Pinch superfine sugar, to taste, Serving suggestion: Garnish with an orange slice.], title: The Classic Cognac Cocktail, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 26166: {instructions: Make the Basic DinnerRoll Dough, using the parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme as the mixins. Let rise as directed.nBrush two 12cup muffin pans with some of the melted butter. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide in half. Pat each half into a 10inch square, about 14 inch thick. Cut each square into 8 equal strips with a bench scraper or chefs knife. Brush the strips with melted butter.nGently stack 4 strips on top of each other and pat into an even thickness. Repeat with the remaining strips to make 4 stacks. Cut each stack into 6 pieces. Place the pieces cutside up in the prepared muffin pan and gently separate the layers. Loosely cover with plastic wrap and let stand until puffy, about 45 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 375 degrees F. Brush the rolls with some of the melted butter. Bake, switching and rotating the muffin pans halfway through, until the rolls are golden brown, about 25 minutes. Brush with the remaining melted butter. Let cool 5 minutes in the pans, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nWarm the milk and 12 cup water in a small saucepan or in the microwave until very warm 110 degrees F. Transfer to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook mix in the sugar, yeast and 1 cup flour until combined but still lumpy. Let stand until the mixture is very bubbly, about 30 minutes.nAdd the butter, salt and 2 cups flour mix on medium speed until smooth and elastic, 2 to 3 minutes. Mix in the eggs until combined, scraping the bottom and side of the bowl as needed. Add 1 14 cups flour and the mixins, if using mix until the dough is smooth and starts to gather into a loose ball, about 4 minutes. The dough should be slightly sticky if its too wet, add the remaining 14 cup flour.nLightly oil a large bowl scrape the dough into the bowl and turn to coat with the oil. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until doubled in size, about 2 hours., ingredients: [Basic DinnerRoll Dough, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 12 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 14 ounce packet active dry yeast, 4 14 to 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Mixins herbs, spices, cheese, etc. see recipes, Vegetable oil or cooking spray, for the bowl], title: Herbed FanTans, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 26167: {instructions: Mix everything together except the Squirt and ice. Let sit for 30 minutes. Fill glasses with ice and fill 34 of the way with the punch. Add a splash of the Squirt just before serving., ingredients: [2 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 cup freshly squeezed ruby red grapefruit juice, 3 cups pineapple juice, 2 cups watermelon, cut into bitesized chunks, 2 cups fresh pineapple, cut into bitesized chunks, 2 oranges, cut into wedges, 1 lemon, sliced, 2 limes, quartered, 2 cans 12 ounces each lemon lime soda recommended: Squirt, Crushed ice], title: Fruit Punch, picturelink: null}, 26168: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpray a standard nonstick loaf pan with vegetable spray, line with parchment paper, and set aside.nPlace flour and the baking powder in the bowl of a food processor and pulse for 5 seconds. Pour the dry ingredients into a large mixing bowl. Stir in the olives and tapenade.nWhisk together the eggs, olive oil, milk, honey and salt. Add this mixture to the dry ingredients and stir to combine do not mix until smooth. Pour the mixture into the prepared loaf pan and place in the oven. Bake for 75 to 80 minutes, until the internal temperature is 210 degrees F, or a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean.nRemove the loaf from the pan and allow to cool on a rack before serving.nTapenade:n12 pound pitted mixed olivesn2 anchovy fillets, rinsedn1 small clove garlic, mincedn2 tablespoons capersn2 to 3 fresh basil leavesn1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juicen2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oilnThoroughly rinse the olives in cool water. Place all ingredients in the bowl of a food processor. Process to combine, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl, until the mixture becomes a coarse paste, approximately 1 to 2 minutes total. Transfer to a bowl and serve.nYield: approximately 1 to 1 12 cups, ingredients: [Vegetable oil spray, 17 ounces allpurpose flour, approximately 3 12 cups, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 12 ounces pitted, roughly chopped mixed olives, approximately 2 cups, 13 cup store bought or homemade Tapenade, recipe follows, 2 large eggs, beaten, 12 cup olive oil, 1 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Olive Loaf, picturelink: null}, 26169: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the dill, sugar, vodka, salt and lime zest in a small bowl and stir until well mixed.nSpread the mixture over the salmon flesh. Cut the side of salmon in half crosswise. Fold each piece in half so the flesh is touching and the marinade is on the interior. Wrap the pieces tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 days.nSlice the salmon thinly on a bias and serve., ingredients: [1 cup finely minced fresh dill, 6 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup vodka, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 limes, zested, 1 side salmon approximately 3 pounds, skin on, pin bones removed], title: Homemade Gravlax, picturelink: FnI7GVJAi6LTQoz64C71xf8AqW2HdC}, 26170: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 170 degrees F or the lowest setting on the oven. Line a rimmed heavy baking sheet with a silicone baking mat.nPlace the strawberries, agave and lemon juice in a blender. Blend until smooth. Pour the puree onto the prepared baking sheet. Spread the puree evenly leaving a 1inch border around the edge of the baking sheet using a spatula.nBake until the center of the puree has set and is not sticky when touched, 6 to 7 hours.nCut into 1inchwide strips using scissors and roll up between strips of parchment paper.nAlternatively, the baked puree can be cut into shapes using decorativeedged scissors or cookie cutters., ingredients: [1 pound strawberries, hulled and quartered, 1 tablespoon agave, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice from 12 small lemon], title: Fruit Rolls, picturelink: tPxI14m8kjMpUWk5Rp0HZX1dmDcEY.}, 26171: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace the sliced onion in the bottom of a roasting pan. Remove the giblets from the hens, and rinse them inside and out. Remove any excess fat and leftover pinfeathers and pat the outsides dry. Place the hens on top of the sliced onion.nPack the cavities of the hens with the cornbread stuffing.nTie the legs together with kitchen string and tuck the wing tips under the body of the hens. Rub the hens with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nRoast the hens for 30 minutes, or until the juices run clear when you cut between a leg and thigh.nMelt the butter in a large saute pan. Add the onion and cook for 5 minutes over mediumlow heat, until translucent. Break the cornbread into pieces and place the pieces in a large bowl. Add the onion mixture to the cornbread. Add the celery, chicken stock, parsley, salt and pepper, and mix together.nYield: 2 servings, ingredients: [1 large Spanish onion, sliced, 2 Cornish hens, Cornbread Stuffing, recipe follows, Olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup yellow onion, chopped, 2 12 cups cornbread, 1 celery stalk, diced, 14 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Cornish Hens, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 26172: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the salad: Place the salad greens in a large bowl. Mix in the cranberries, walnuts, mandarin oranges, grape tomatoes and feta.nFor the vinaigrette: Combine the raspberries, vinegars, sugar and mustard in a blender until smooth. Slowly stream in the oil until combined.nToss the salad with the vinaigrette before serving., ingredients: [1 pound mixed field greens, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup walnut pieces, One 22ounce can mandarin oranges, drained and chilled, 1 12 cups grape tomatoes, halved, 1 12 cups crumbled feta cheese, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup aged balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Tossed Salad and Raspberry Vinaigrette, picturelink: dkpSMROALieGdaAkwtiF7i6U8t5MOO}, 26173: {instructions: Position racks in the lower and upper third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Place the almonds and pecans on a baking sheet toast on the upper oven rack until lightly browned and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Let cool, then pulse in a food processor with 14 cup granulated sugar until finely ground. Dont overprocess or the mixture will turn into a paste. Turn off the oven.nWhisk the flour, cinnamon, cardamom and salt in a medium bowl. Set aside.nUsing a mixer, beat the butter and the remaining 1 14 cups granulated sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Beat in the vanilla extract, egg yolks, and the lemon and orange zest add the ground nuts. Add the flour mixture, mixing just until incorporated do not over mix. Divide the dough into 2 pieces place 1 piece between 2 lightly floured sheets of parchment paper and roll into a 14inch square, about 14inch thick. Repeat with the other piece of dough. Refrigerate both rectangles, covered with the parchment sheets, until firm, at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Cut the dough into hearts with a 2 14 to 2 12inch heartshaped cookie cutter. Using a smaller heartshaped cutter about 1 12 inches, cut out the centers from half of the cookies you can reroll the centers and scraps. Place the cookies, about 1 inch apart, on baking sheets and bake 2 sheets at a time until the edges are golden, 12 to 15 minutes, rotating the sheets halfway through. Cool on wire racks.nSift confectioners sugar over the cookies. Spread 1 teaspoon raspberry preserves evenly over each whole heart cookie, leaving a slight border around the edge top with the cutout heart cookies.nPhotograph by Allan Penn, ingredients: [1 12 cups whole almonds, 1 cup pecans, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 6 large egg yolks, Grated zest of 1 lemon, Grated zest of 1 orange, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 cup seedless raspberry preserves], title: Linzer Cookies, picturelink: oSJcDBo57w7pSNggXoQINTYgUAPiUEq}, 26174: {instructions: Divide arugula between 4 plates and top with pears.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine vinegar, oil, honey, sour cream and yogurt. Fold in Gorgonzola. Drizzle dressing over salad. Garnish each plate with walnuts and serve., ingredients: [4 cups baby arugula, washed, 1 18ounce can pear halves, drained and cut into large dice, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup plain yogurt, 34 cup crumbled Gorgonzola, 3 tablespoons walnuts], title: Pear Salad with Gorgonzola Dressing, picturelink: YOkU7fjEMelWMBmZtxVtq3uoWlwNkzC}, 26175: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.n1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro or parsley leaves or 1 teaspoon dried parsleynPreheat the broiler.nBrush the tortillas on both sides with vegetable oil and lightly salt. Heat a large saute pan over medium heat and cook the tortillas, 1 at a time, until slightly golden on both sides. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together the sour cream, lime zest and juice, cumin, and salt and pepper, to taste, until smooth. Pour into a plastic squeeze bottle or sturdy resealable plastic bag and cut small tip in corner.nArrange the browned tortillas on a baking sheet and sprinkle evenly with cheese. You may need to do this in batches if both tortillas dont fit on 1 tray. Broil until the cheese bubbles and begins to brown, about for 1 to 2 minutes, be careful not to burn. Slice each quesadilla into 8 wedges and drizzle sour cream decoratively over the top. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve., ingredients: [2 large 10inch flour tortillas, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 14 cup sour cream, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups shredded Cheddar], title: Crispy OpenFaced Quesadillas, picturelink: ObwHb4WFGa4KV00YwXmYpfe1OhWxS}, 26176: {instructions: Season monkfish chunks with salt. In a medium to large pot of water boil bay leaves, 12 stalk celery, and small onion for 5 minutes. Add monkfish and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Drain and place monkfish in large bowl set aside. Discard celery, onion, and bay leaves.nIn large frying pan, saute the celery pieces in vegetable oil until tender add to fish. Saute red and green pepper pieces, add to fish. Saute the 3 sliced onions for about 5 minutes add the tomato paste, alternating with the vinegar. Mix well add sugar and olive pieces and cook for an additional 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Season with salt and pepper. Add vegetable mixture to monkfish and refrigerate. Best when served chilled., ingredients: [2 pounds monkfish tail, cut in 1inch chunks, Salt and pepper, 2 bay leaves, 12 stalk celery plus 6 stalks celery, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 small onion, cut in pieces, plus 3 medium onions, sliced, 14 cup vegetable oil, as needed for sauteing vegetables, 2 medium green peppers, seeded and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 medium sweet red peppers, seeded and cut into 1inch pieces, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 12 cups cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 cups green Italian olives, pitted and cut in pieces, 4 cups water, for boiling], title: Sweet n Sour Monkfish, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 26177: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in an ovenproof dish on a baking sheet and melt in the oven. Serve with corn tortillas, garnished with a whole stuffed roasted pepper., ingredients: [1 cup shredded queso fresco, 1 cup shredded white cheddar, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 1 cup crumbled goat cheese, 1 cup cooked crumbled chorizo sausage, Diced roasted poblano peppers, Corn tortillas, Stuffed roasted pepper, garnish, optional], title: Queso Fundido Con Poblano, picturelink: 76Eov.l5CPVGXPr84SNw.MyFem3j9cK}, 26178: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat the milk over medium heat just until it comes to a boil then immediately turn off the heat. Place the cornmeal in a large bowl. Add the hot milk and mix lightly. Sift together 1 cup of flour, the sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt. Stir the melted butter and the egg into the cornmeal mixture. Stir the flour mixture into the cornmeal mixture and mix well. If the dough doesnt hold together, add more flour 1 tablespoon at a time. The dough should be firm enough to handle, but keep it soft by using as little flour as possible.nPlace the dough in a bowl, cover, and refrigerate 30 minutes. Flour your hands and turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Using your hands, roll into logs 1inch in diameter. Using a knife, cut into 1 12inch lengths.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a deep fryer or at least 2 inches of oil in a deep, heavy pot to 350 degrees F. Do not overheat, or the doughnuts will not cook through. Working in batches to avoid crowding the pot, fry the dough nuts, turning occasionally, until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels, sprinkle lightly with confectioners sugar, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 23 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup flour, plus more, as needed, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup 5 13 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 egg, beaten, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, Confectioners sugar], title: Indian Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 26179: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Butter a 9inch round cake pan. Coat the bottom and sides with the toasted almonds.nIn a large bowl, beat the cream cheese with an electric mixer at low speed until soft and smooth, about 1 minute. Combine the flour and sugar in another bowl and then add to the beaten cream cheese. Mix well, scraping down the sides of the bowl occasionally. Beat in the grated citrus zests. Add the eggs, egg yolks and vanilla extract. Mix thoroughly, frequently scraping down the sides of the bowl, until the batter is perfectly smooth.nPour the batter into the prepared pan, tapping the bottom on a counter four or five times to eliminate air pockets. Place the cake pan inside a large roasting pan and pour in hot tap water until it reaches halfway up the sides of the cake pan. Bake 1 hour, or until the center feels firm when pressed. Immediately remove the cake pan from the larger pan and set aside to cool on a rack. Refrigerate 4 to 6 hours or overnight.nTo serve, place the pan over a low burner for about 1 minute to melt the butter. Invert onto a plate and then invert again onto a serving platter so the nuts are on the bottom. To garnish, if desired, spread the sour cream evenly over the top and then cover the top with rows of thinly sliced kumquats., ingredients: [12 cup slivered almonds, toasted see Note, 2 12 pounds cream cheese, softened, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups sugar, Grated zest of 1 lemon, Grated zest of 2 oranges, 5 eggs, 2 egg yolks, 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup sour cream, for garnish optional, Thinly sliced kumquats, for garnish optional], title: Citrus Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 26180: {instructions: Pie Crust:nChill all ingredients, including the flour and vinegar. Combine the flour, salt and sugar. Cut in shortening with a pastry blender until the mixture resembles cornmeal. In another bowl, mix water and vinegar with the beaten egg. Add the liquid mixture, 1 tablespoon at a time, to the flour mixture, tossing with a fork to form a soft dough.nFilling:nIn saucepan combine sugar, cornstarch, and salt. Gradually stir in water. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Reduce heat, cook and stir 2 minutes more. Remove from heat. Gradually stir 1 cup hot mixture into yolks. Return mixture to saucepan, bring to a gentle boil. Cook and stir 2 minutes more. Remove from stove. Stir in butter, orange peel and orange juice.nTurn into pastry shell. Refrigerate.nMeanwhile prepare next layer by combining cream cheese and powdered sugar until well blended. Beat in the whipped topping until light and fluffy. Spread over orange filling.nTop with whipped topping and sprinkle with shredded coconut as desired. Chill until serving., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon butter flavored shortening, chilled, 13 cup ice water, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups water, 3 egg yolks, slightly beaten, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon finely shredded orange peel, 14 cup fresh squeezed orange juice, 4 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup powdered sugar, 1 cup whipped topping, Whipped Topping, garnish, Shredded coconut, garnish], title: Orange Coconut Pie  2003 1st Place Citrus, picturelink: null}, 26181: {instructions: Make Classic Sugar Cookie dough add 34 cup ground pistachios with the flour. Roll out to 14 inch thick and cut into 2inch rounds. Bake 10 to 15 minutes at 350 degrees. Cool, then sandwich with cherry jam., ingredients: [], title: Pistachio Linzers, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 26182: {instructions: Place frisee in a large bowl. Set aside. Heat a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil, and bacon. Cook until lightly browned, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Add shallots, lower heat to medium and cook until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add vinegar. Raise heat and simmer for 30 seconds. Season with salt and pepper. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil and swirl to combine. Set aside.nBring a small pot of water to a boil. Reduce to a simmer. Break 1 egg at a time into boiling water. Poach for about 2 minutes for a runny egg, longer if desired.nWhile the eggs are poaching, pour warm dressing over frisee. Sprinkle with parsley. Toss to combine. With a slotted spoon, 1 at a time, remove eggs from water. Pat dry on a clean kitchen towel. Place on frisee. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 heads frisee, inner white part only, washed well and spun dry, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 5 ounces slab bacon, cut into 12 by 1inch pieces, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 to 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Frisee Lardons with Poached Eggs, picturelink: null}, 26183: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSplit open the vanilla pod and scrape out the pulp, and add the pod and the pulp to a small saucepan along with the brown sugar, lime juice, and salt. Whisk together and place the mixture over medium high heat and bring to a boil, stirring just until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from the heat and allow to sit for 2 hours before using. Remove the vanilla pod. Once cool, place the syrup in a squeeze bottle or other sealable container. Store in the refrigerator.nPreheat grill on high.nPeel and remove the core from the pineapple. Cut the pineapple into eighths, lengthwise, and remove any prickly brown eyes.nThread the pieces of pineapple onto the skewers lengthwise. Coat the skewered pineapple on all sides with the syrup. Grill on all sides until golden brown, approximately 4 minutes per side, 12 minutes total, or until the pineapple is tender. Serve with any remaining sauce., ingredients: [1 vanilla bean, 8 ounces dark brown sugar, approximately 1 cup firmly packed, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, Pinch kosher salt, 1 whole pineapple, 8 12inch metal skewers], title: Vanilla Lime Pineapple Skewers, picturelink: XotycR9pmC4eHEjQzLv3HtqAlPRWF6}, 26184: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 F.nCream the butter and sugar. When youve got a soft, supple mass, add the maple extract and work in the sifted flour. Roll into walnutsized balls, and press with the base of a glass that youve lightly oiled and if youve got some in the house, you could use walnut oil or brushed with melted butter. Press gently onto the lined baking sheetsleaving a 2inch space round each as theyll spreadand stud each with a pecan half.nCook for 15 minutes. They start off golden so its hard to tell if theyre cooked just by sight, but lift one up to check its no longer doughy on the bottom. Remove from the oven, leave for a minute or two on the trays, and then transfer to a wire rack to cool.nVariation: You can always substitute walnut halves for the pecans, but if you leave them completely nutfree, these are wonderful as cheese biscuits. Yes, theyre sweet, but in the same way as digestive biscuits are strangely good with both creamy and hard cheese, so these can pair with a pungent blue quite wonderfully., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon maple extract, 2 14 cups selfrising cake flour, 35 approximately 12 cup pecan halves, 2 baking sheets, lined with parchment or wax paper or greased], title: MaplePecan Cookies, picturelink: null}, 26185: {instructions: Butter 1 side of each bread slice, then put 4 slices, buttered side down, on a work surface. Top the bread slices with the smoked ham, then the teleme cheese, distributing it evenly. Top each with a second slice of bread, buttered side up.nHeat a panini pansandwich griller until hot. Heat the sandwich in the griller, with a weight on top to keep as flat as possible. Cook until nicely browned, 2 to 3 minutes,nTransfer the sandwiches to a work surface and remove the top slice of bread from each sandwich. Spread the underside of those slices with mustard, and add roasted peppers, if desired.nReplace the top slice of bread, cut the sandwiches in half, and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 slices Italian bread, 1 pound ham, sliced, 1 pound teleme cheese, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 cup roasted peppers], title: Smoked Ham and Teleme Panini, picturelink: FebiVXme8Iqwt7.Mu5EJsNcIZmYdha}, 26186: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon. Add the sausage to the pot and cook, breaking up the meat, until no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Add the onion and bell pepper, season with salt and pepper and cook, scraping up the browned bits, until the vegetables soften, about 4 minutes. Add the marinara sauce, bring to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the cooked mushrooms, ham, olives and about 34 cup pepperoni season with salt and pepper. Let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Brush an 8inch round springform pan with olive oil and line with foil, leaving an overhang. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs drain and toss with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil.nCombine 2 cups mozzarella, the ricotta, parmesan and eggs in a bowl season with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper.nWrap some lasagna noodles around the inside of the pan, overlapping slightly and trimming as needed. Cover the bottom of the pan with more noodles, overlapping slightly and letting them extend up the side of the pan. Spread 2 cups sauce in the pan and top with half of the ricotta mixture cover with a layer of noodles. Repeat with 2 more cups sauce, the remaining ricotta mixture and another layer of noodles, letting them extend up the side of the pan you might not use all the noodles. Top with the remaining sauce, 1 cup mozzarella and 14 cup pepperoni.nBake until browned and bubbling, about 1 hour tent with foil if the top is browning too quickly. Let stand 30 minutes to 1 hour, then lift out of the pan using the foil. Remove the foil and slice.nPhotograph by Jon Patterson, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the pan, 4 large button mushrooms, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 ounces sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 1 small green bell pepper, finely chopped, 1 24ounce jar marinara sauce, 12 cup roughly chopped delisliced ham about 2 ounces, 14 cup pitted black olives, sliced, 1 cup sliced pepperoni about 3 ounces, 16 lasagna noodles, 3 cups shredded partskim mozzarella cheese about 12 ounces, 1 8ounce container wholemilk ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Pepperoni Pizzagna, picturelink: jEVrV9LgoJAmxoYTnjitTxL1GGLa}, 26187: {instructions: Using a tablespoon or so of the almond oil, lightly oil the bottom of an 8inch cake pan. Line with a round of parchment, lightly oil this with another tablespoon or so of the oil and then dust with flour shaking out the excess.nWith an electric mixer beat the butter, remaining oil you should have around 13 cup and sugar together until fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the almond paste, lemon zest and juice and beat until smooth. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time making sure each is fully incorporated before adding the next. Fold in the flour and baking powder.nPour batter in prepared pan and bake in a preheated 325 degree oven for 50 to 55 minutes or until a cake tester comes out nearly clean. While cake is baking, combine glaze ingredients in a small saucepan and over moderate heat stir until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.nWhen cake is done, cool on a rack for 15 minutes and then turn cake out to cool completely. Transfer cake, topside up to a plate and brush glaze over the top so that it soaks in completely. Cake can be made up to 2 days ahead. Wrap in plastic and store at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup fragrant almond oil, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened to room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 12 ounces almond paste, cut into pieces, 2 large lemons, zested and juiced, 5 large eggs, 12 cup flour mixed with 1 teaspoon baking powder, 13 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Almond Pound Cake with Lemon, picturelink: null}, 26188: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat with the onions, pepper, garlic and mojo. Cook until the garlic turns color, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the ground beef and seasoning turn and cook until the beef is brown, 3 to 4 minutes.nStir in the tomatoes, tomato sauce, wine, olives, whole sweet peppers and bay leaves. Bring to a boil, cover the skillet and turn the heat to a simmer for 30 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 medium red bell pepper, cored, seeded and chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup mojo seasoning, 3 pound ground beef, 14 cup Latino seasoning, such as Goya sazon, 8 cups seeded, diced tomatoes, 4 cups tomato sauce, 4 cups cooking wine, 2 cups green pitted olives, chopped with or without pimiento, 4 to 6 small whole sweet peppers, 4 bay leaves], title: Piccadillo, picturelink: L5dZbprrAdtyrL92kXPrEsyZ22unm8m}, 26189: {instructions: Place a tomato slice on each of 4 plates. Season with salt and pepper. Top with a slice of cheese and repeat to make 3 layers, like a Napoleon with 3 tomato slices and 2 slices of cheese. Drizzle with the Green ChileCilantro Oil and Chipotle Vinegar and serve.nCombine all ingredients in a blender and blend for 5 minutes.nBlend all ingredients in a blender until smooth., ingredients: [4 ripe heirloom tomatoes different varieties and colors or beefsteak tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound fresh buffalo mozzarella, sliced 14inch thick, Green ChileCilantro Oil, recipe follows, Chipotle Vinegar, recipe follows, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 poblano chile, grilled, peeled, stemmed, and coarsely chopped, 14 cup cilantro leaves, Salt, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chipotle pepper puree, Salt], title: Fresh Mozzarella and Stacked Heirloom Tomato Salad with Green ChileCilantro Oil and Chipotle Vinegar, picturelink: 9LGVpKbjuC4pf7x9y5HcjqhN2l5uSoi}, 26190: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a medium pan on the grill over high heat. Add onions and cook until lightly golden brown. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the spices, ginger and chile and cook for 1 minute. Add the spinach and cook until just wilted.nPlace the chickpeas in a large bowl. Add the onionspinach mixture and mix until combined. Add the tomatoes, olive oil, parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste.nYield: 8 servingsnMix all ingredients together in a small bowl.nRub lamb completely with spice rub. On a hot grill sear lamb on all sides for 4 to 5 minutes. Put lamb on rotisserie and with the cover down roast lamb for 1 14 to 112 hours for medium rare. Remove from rotisserie and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nPreheat grill or side burner. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook until soft and lightly golden, approximately 6 to 7 minutes. Add garlic and ginger and jalapeno and cook for 2 minutes. Add apricots, sugar and vinegar and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add cilantro and season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [14 cup Hungarian paprika, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 4 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 boneless leg of lamb 7 pounds, Spice rub, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, finely sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 1 jalapeno, finely chopped, 2 cups apricots, soaked in hot water for 30 minutes, drained, then coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 1 fresh Thai chile, seeded and chopped, 34 pound baby spinach leaves, 3 cans chickpeas, drained, rinsed and drained again, 4 plum tomatoes, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup coarsely chopped flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Spiced Rubbed Leg of Lamb with Apricot Chutney and Chickpea, Tomato, Spinach Salad, picturelink: null}, 26191: {instructions: Special equipment: Shallow 24hole fairy cake tin or 16hole muffintin 2 12inches6 cm plain or fluted cutter 1 12inches4 cm plain or fluted cutter or 114inches3 cm starshaped cutternMince pies freeze very well, taking some of the headache out of all that Christmas preparation. If I make lots of these before Christmas, I freeze them raw and then cook them on the day. Cooked mince pies can be stored in a biscuit tin or airtight box and warmed through gently before serving. They are perfect with a glass of spicy mulled wine or a cup of coffee for a festive snack.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F200 degrees CGas mark 6. Brush the tin with melted butter.nOn a floured work surface, roll out the pastry to 18inch3 mm thick and, using the 2 12inches6 cm cutter, cut out 24 circles for the bases. Then use the smaller plainfluted cutter or star cutter to cutout 24 circlesstars for the lids. Reroll the trimmings, if necessary.nLine the holes of the cake tin with the larger pastry rounds. Fill each base with a teaspoon mincemeat and top with one of the smaller rounds or stars. Brush the tops of the mince pies with the beaten egg.nBake in the oven for 10 to 13 minutes until pale golden. Cool for 5 minutes before removing from the tin and transfer to a wire rack to cool. Dust with icing sugar confectioners to serve.nThis basic pastry is used in many popular recipes, from mince pies to quiches its also one of the easiest pastries to start with. The uncooked dough can be frozen or kept in the refrigerator for a couple of days.nShortcrust Pastry:nPut the flour, salt and butter in a food processor and whiz briefly. Add half the beaten egg and continue to whiz. You might add a little more egg, but not too much as the mixture should be just moist enough to come together. If making by hand, rub the butter into the flour until it resembles coarse breadcrumbs then, using your hands, add just enough egg to bring it together. With your hands, flatten out the ball of dough until it is about 34inch2 cm thick, then wrap in cling film or place in a plastic bag and leave in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes or, if you are pushed for time, in the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes. Variations: Sweet Shortcrust Pastry: In place of the pinch of salt, use 1 tablespoon icing sugar confectioners. Soured cream shortcrust pastry: Replace the egg with 2 tablespoons sour cream or creme fraiche, adding just enough to bring it together.nThis delicious mincemeat will keep happily in a cool dark place for at least a year. If you are making your own suet the fat that surrounds the beef kidney, make sure that every trace of blood has been removed before you whiz it in the food processor, otherwise it will cause the mincemeat to go off.nMincemeat:nPut the apple chunks in a small saucepan with 1 teaspoon water, cover and cook over low heat for about 8 to 10 minutes until the apples are cooked down to a pulp. Allow to cool.nMix the apples with the orange zest, orange juice, lemon zest, lemon juice, suet, raisins, sultanas, currants, candied peel, dark brown sugar, almonds, mixed spice, and whiskey in a large bowl and put into sterilized jars. Leave to mature, if possible for at least 2 weeks before using.nCut the fruit in 12 and squeeze out the juice. Reserve the juice for another use, perhaps homemade lemonade. Put the peel into a large bowl, add the salt and cover with cold water. Leave to soak for 24 hours.nNext day, throw away the soaking water put the peel in a large saucepan and cover with fresh cold water. Bring to the boil, cover and simmer very gently for about 3 hours or until the peel is soft.nRemove the peel from the pan and discard the water. Scrape out any remaining flesh and membrane from inside the cut fruit, using a teaspoon, leaving the white pith and rind intact.nIn a clean large saucepan, dissolve the sugar in 1 34 pints1 litre of water, then bring to the boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Add the peel and simmer gently for 30 to 60 minutes until it looks translucent shiny and candied and the syrup forms a thread when the last drop falls off a metal spoon. Remove from the heat and allow to stand for 20 to 30 minutes to slightly cool.nPut the candied peel into sterilized glass jars and pour the syrup over. Cover and store in a cold place or in the refrigerator. It should keep, stored like this, for at least 3 months., ingredients: [1 quantity sweet shortcrust pastry, recipe follows, 9 ounces250 g mincemeat just over half a jar, or make your own, recipe follows, 1 egg, beaten, Icing sugar confectioners, for dusting, 7 ounces200 g plain flour, sifted, Pinch salt, 3 12 ounces100 g chilled butter, cubed, 12 to 1 medium egg, beaten, 2 large cooking apples, peeled, cored and cut into large chunks, Finely grated zest and juice of 2 oranges and 2 lemons, 9 ounces 250 g shredded suet, or butter,chilled and grated, 10 ounces275 g raisins, 10 ounces275 g sultanas golden raisins, 10 ounces275 g dried currants, 4 12 ounces125 g Candied Peel, chopped, recipe follows, 1 pound, 7 ounces650 g soft dark brown sugar, 2 ounces50 g nibbed chopped almonds, orchopped pecans, 2 teaspoons mixed spice, 2 12 fluid ounces75 ml Irish whiskey or brandy, 5 oranges, 5 lemons, 5 grapefruit or 15 of just one fruit, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds, 12 ounces1.25 kg caster sugar], title: Mince Pies, picturelink: null}, 26192: {instructions: For the soup: In a medium saucepan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots, shallots, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until the carrots are softened, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the chicken broth, orange juice, basil, maple syrup, tomato paste and the tomatoes with juice. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes.nUsing an immersion blender or food processor, puree the soup until smooth. Cool the soup to room temperature until ready to serve, about 1 hour. Season the soup with salt and pepper.nFor the yogurt topping: In a small bowl, whisk together the yogurt, maple syrup and orange zest until smooth.nLadle the soup into chilled bowls and top with a dollop of the yogurt mixture.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium carrots, diced into 14inch pieces, 2 large shallots, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups orange juice, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 12 cup plain fullfat Greek yogurt, 2 teaspoons maple syrup, Zest of 12 small orange], title: OrangeScented Chilled Tomato Soup, picturelink: 3IHsh5hyiIijHo7ql3PpBSidTv3zWxu}, 26193: {}, 26194: {instructions: 1. Blend together BACARDIu00ae Mixers Margarita mix, BACARDIu00ae Superior Rum, Minute Maidu00ae Orange Juice or Simplyu00ae Orange with Pineapple, applesauce and Seagramsu00ae Ginger Ale.n2. Add ice and blend for 45 to 60 seconds or until uniform.n3. Pour into tiki collins glasses and garnish drinks with pineapple wedge, fanned apple slices and a ginger spear.n4. Serves five to six people., ingredients: [12 cup of BACARDIu00ae Superior, 12 cup Minute Maidu00ae Orange Juice or Simplyu00ae Orange with Pineapple, 12 can of frozen BACARDIu00ae Mixers Margarita mix, 12 cup cinnamon applesauce, 1 cup Seagramsu00ae Ginger Ale, Pineapple wedge, fanned apple slices and ginger spear for garnish], title: BACARDIandreg Mixers San Juan Swizzle, picturelink: null}, 26195: {instructions: Combine sauce ingredients in a small bowl mix well.nWith a vegetable peeler, remove 1inch strips of the eggplant skin, leaving a 1inch strip of skin in between. Cut the eggplant into fourths lengthwise, then cut each section crosswise into 3inch pieces.nPour enough oil into a 2quart saucepan to fill 3 inches. Heat over medium heat to 350 degrees F. Deepfry the eggplant batches until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain well on paper towels.nPlace wok over a high heat until hot. Add 1 tablespoon of deepfrying oil and swirl to coat the sides. Add the garlic, ginger, dried chiles and green onion cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add ground meat and cook, breaking up pieces with back of a spoon, until brown and crumbly. Add the sauce and bring to a simmer. Add the cooked eggplant and stir to coat. Scoop onto a warm serving platter. Serve, garnished with cilantro or green onions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chicken broth, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons Chinese black vinegar, 2 teaspoons plum sauce, 4 Chinese eggplants about 1 pound, stems removed, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 4 dried whole chile peppers, 2 green onions, cut into 2inch lengths, 14 pound ground pork, Chopped cilantro leaves or sliced green onions], title: Spicy Eggplant, picturelink: 9rwkJGwrcOkdoJJyxb4Bu5DvQPt2oBC}, 26196: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees. Line 2 baking sheets with a nonstick liner. In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the egg whites until they hold soft peaks. Slowly add the confectioners sugar and beat for 10 to 12 minutes, until they are firm. Add the Grand Marnier, to taste.nDrop tablespoon amounts of batter onto the baking sheets, leaving 3inches of space between each. Using the back of the spoon, smooth each meringue into a flat disk. Bake for 2 to 2 14 hours until meringues can be easily lifted off the liners and are completely dried out.nMascarpone Cream: Combine the mascarpone, cream, sugar, and orange liqueur, and whip until they hold soft peaks. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use. Place meringue disc on plate and top with macerated strawberries and dollop of cream, repeat. Finish with meringue top., ingredients: [4 egg whites, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon Grand Marnier, 1 cup mascarpone, 7 fluid ounces heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, Fresh strawberries, sliced and tossed in sugar, to taste], title: Strawberry Meringue Napoleons, picturelink: null}, 26197: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the salmon, bread crumbs, mustard, and zest and season with salt and pepper. Stir in egg until just combined.nForm the salmon mixture into 8 to 10 cakes. Put the ground nuts on a plate. Gently press each side of the cake into the nuts. Refrigerate the cake for at least 30 minutes and up to 12 hours.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, cook the cakes, turning once, until wellbrowned and cooked through, about 2 12 minutes per side. Transfer the cakes to a paper towellined plate to drain.nDivide the cakes among plates and serve with the lime wedges., ingredients: [2 12 cups cooked, shredded salmon, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lime zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 cup coarseground pistachio nuts, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: PistachioCrusted Salmon Cakes, picturelink: null}, 26198: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Slice washed eggplant 12inch thick. Dip slices into the egg mixture and then into the bread crumbs, coat well. Grease a cookie sheet with olive oil. Arrange each slice of coated eggplant in one layer on the cookie sheet and drizzle each piece with olive oil. Bake in the oven for about 15 minutes. Check that the slices are golden brown, turn then and bake for another 15 minutes. They should be browned on both sides. Set aside.nIn a small saucepan dilute the tomato paste with wine. A good mix is a can of paste and a can of wine. Add the oregano, salt, pepper, and crushed garlic. In a baking dish arrange browned eggplant slices in 1 layer. Spread 2 tablespoons of sauce on each slice. Layer each eggplant with a slice of mozzarella and sauce until all is used. Top with Parmesan cheese and bake for about 20 minutes. Serve hot.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [1 medium eggplant sliced, 1 egg beaten with 2 tablespoons milk, Dried Italian bread crumbs, Olive oil, 6 ounces tomato paste, 6 ounces white or red wine, Pinch dried oregano, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 clove of garlic, crushed, 12 pound mozzarella, sliced, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Eggplant Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 26199: {instructions: Thoroughly whisk together dressing ingredients in a large bowl. Add tuna to bowl and toss to coat with dressing. Fold in the remaining ingredients. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Serve tuna salad on mustard rolls with lettuce.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, stir water, yeast, salt, oil, mustard, and 2 cups of flour together beat until mixed. Add remaining flour, 12 cup at a time, beating until the dough holds together. Remove from mixer and knead on a floured surface until dough springs back when poked with your finger. Place in an oiled bowl and let rise until doubled in size. Punch down and let rise again. Knead lightly and shape into rolls. Let rise 1 more time and then brush with glaze.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nBake for 20 to 25 minutes. Let rolls cool for 5 minutes before slicing in half and serving with a hearty portion of tuna salad topped with lettuce., ingredients: [14 cup Dijon mustard recommended: Edmond Fallot Taragon, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 3 6ounce cans albacore tuna, 14 cup diced red onion, 12 cup julienned jicama, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup shredded carrots, 14 cup sunflower seeds, Mustard Rolls, recipe follows, Lettuce, for serving, 3 cups warm water, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 cup vegetable oil, plus more for oiling pan, 12 cup wholegrain mustard, 5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting surface, 14 cup butter, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard seeds], title: TarragonDijon Tuna Salad on Mustard Rolls, picturelink: null}, 26200: {instructions: Special equipment: An ovenproof skilletnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason the pork with the salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in an ovenproof skillet over high heat and sear the pork on all sides. Place the skillet into the oven and roast the pork for 8 to 10 minutes. Let the meat rest for 5 minutes before cutting. Slicing on a diagonal, cut each tenderloin into 4 or 5 pieces.nIn a medium pot heat the oil over medium heat and add the shallots and garlic, cook until soft, but not browned. Add the brown sugar, balsamic, red wine, apple cider, green peppercorns, bay leaf, tomatoes, red peppers, parsley, and soy sauce. Simmer until reduced by 12.nStrain the sauce and add the bourbon. Serve warm over sliced pork tenderloin or chops.nIn a large pot heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat and saute the onions until soft. Add the cinnamon, cloves, and cumin and cook for 30 seconds. Mix in the cabbage and saute for 5 minutes, until wilted. Add the cider, sugar, and vinegar. Cover and braise over low heat until the cabbage is tender, about 20 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 pork tenderloins about 1 12 pounds, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Bourbon Glaze, recipe follows, Braised Red Cabbage, recipes follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 cups brown sugar, 34 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup apple cider, 2 teaspoons green peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup seeded and chopped plum tomatoes, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 5 sprigs Italian parsley, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 12 ounces bourbon, Can be found at specialty food stores., 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 large onions, thinly sliced about 2 pounds, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 small red cabbage, thinly sliced about 1 pound, 14 cup apple cider, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup red wine vinegar], title: Roasted Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 26201: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook until they soften, about 3 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook for 2 minutes more.nPut half of the onion mixture into a food processor with the black beans, chipotle pepper, 2 tablespoons of the lime juice, cumin, water and salt. Puree until smooth. Set aside.nAdd the corn to the skillet with the remaining onion mixture and cook for about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the cilantro leaves.nIn a small bowl mash the avocado with the remaining lime juice. In a medium bowl toss together the tomatoes, scallion and jalapeno, if using. Season tomato mixture with salt and pepper, to taste.nSpread the black bean dip into the bottom of an 8 by 8 glass baking or serving dish. Top with the corn mixture, spreading it out to form a single layer over the beans, repeat with the avocado, then the tomatoes. Top with cheese. Serve with baked chips., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 15.5ounce can black beans, preferably lowsodium, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon minced chipotle pepper in adobo, 4 tablespoons lime juice, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon water, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups corn kernels 10ounce box frozen corn, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 2 ripe avocados, 4 medium tomatoes, seeded and diced about 2 cups, 14 cup thinly sliced scallion, 1 tablespoon finely diced jalapeno pepper, optional, 34 cup shredded extrasharp Cheddar], title: Five Layer Mexican Dip, picturelink: 8NhvEAKgdJ0q1wCC6sSGf4VPkp4h61q}, 26202: {instructions: Roughly chop nearly all of the cilantro and parsley, reserving a little of each for garnish. Place the cilantro, parsley, garlic, tomatoes, onions, peppers, salt, pepper, and most of the spring onions reserve some for garnish into a large heavy bowl. With a pestle, mash together all ingredients, gradually squeezing in the lime juice.nScore the sea bass diagonally 3 times on each side. Stuff some of the vegetableherb mixture into the slits and the inside of each fish and close back together. Cover the lobster halves with the vegetableherb mixture, reserving about half of the vegetableherb mixture for later.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Arrange the sea bass and lobster, flesh side down in the hot pan. Cook for 2 minutes, and then pour over the coconut milk and bring to a simmer. After another 2 minutes, turn over the fish and lobster. Add the remainder of the vegetableherb mixture, and cook for another 10 minutes, or until the fish and lobster are tender and the vegetables are cooked through.nTransfer to a large serving dish and sprinkle with remaining cilantro, parsley, and spring onions. Ladle dende oil, if using, in a slow circular motion over the top., ingredients: [2 bunches fresh cilantro leaves, 2 bunches fresh parsley leaves, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 10 tomatoes, roughly chopped, 6 onions, chopped, 4 green peppers, seeded and chopped, 3 tablespoons salt, Freshly ground pepper, 2 bunches spring onions, finely sliced, 6 limes, halved, 2 large whole sea bass, cleaned, 2 large lobsters, halved, 5 tablespoons light olive oil, 1 pint coconut milk, 12 ladle dende oil, optional about 4 tablespoons], title: Lobster and Sea Bass Moqueca Stew, picturelink: null}, 26203: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degree F.nBake sweet potatoes for 1 hour in the oven on a baking sheet. When done, let cool. Scrape the pulp out of the skin, transfer to a large bowl, and mash. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, beat together butter, sugar, and brown sugar until creamy. Add eggs, vanilla, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, allspice and salt. Add evaporated milk and stir mixture into sweet potatoes. Beat together with mixer until smooth and pour into an unbaked pie shell.nBake on bottom rack of oven for 1 hour or until center of pie is firm. Serve warm. Add dollop of whipped cream if desired.nIn a medium bowl, beat together whipping cream and confectioners sugar. Add maple syrup. Beat together until soft peaks form., ingredients: [4 medium sweet potatoes, 12 stick butter, softened, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup brown sugar, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup evaporated milk, 1 unbaked pie crust, Maple Whipped Cream, optional, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons maple syrup], title: Calleys Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: pYxQCuZDLQA0djutXwl87shMDbllia}, 26204: {instructions: Preheat oven: 325 degrees F.nCombine flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Cut in butter with pastry blender. Combine wet ingredients and mix into dry just until moistened. Add cherries. Mixture will be very sticky. Turn onto floured surface and knead 4 to 5 times with floured hands. Pat out to 12inch thick and cut circles. Brush tops with egg wash. Sprinkle tops with sugar and sliced almonds. Place on greased baking sheet. Bake for 15 to 18 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 13 cup sugar, 2 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup chilled butter, cut into pieces, 1 egg, 23 cups whipping cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup dried cherries, Egg wash, 1 egg and 1 teaspoon water, beaten, Sugar and sliced almonds, for sprinkling], title: Dried Cherry Scones, picturelink: null}, 26205: {instructions: Seed the pumpkin: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Using a spoon, scrape the pulp and seeds out of your pumpkin into a bowl.nClean the seeds: Separate the seeds from the stringy pulp, rinse the seeds in a colander under cold water, then shake dry. Dont blot with paper towels the seeds will stick.nDry them: Spread the seeds in a single layer on an oiled baking sheet and roast 30 minutes to dry them out.nAdd spices: Toss the seeds with olive oil, salt and your choice of spices see below. Return to the oven and bake until crisp and golden, about 20 more minutes.nSweet Toss with cinnamon and sugar do not use salt in step 4.nIndian Toss with garam masala mix with currants after roasting.nSpanish Toss with smoked paprika mix with slivered almonds after roasting.nItalian Toss with grated parmesan and dried oregano.nBarbecue Toss with brown sugar, chipotle chile powder and ground cumin.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Pumpkin Seeds, picturelink: 9i9xoWQNbebgezKMXEA7dE.aO.MTZO}, 26206: {instructions: In a Dutch oven or large saucepan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the fennel, garlic, shallots, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are slightly softened, about 4 minutes. Add the sausage and break into 12inch pieces with a wooden spoon. Cook until brown, about 5 minutes. Add the wine and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Stir in the tomato paste, chicken broth, and bay leaf. Bring to a simmer, cover, and cook for 10 minutes.nUncover the pan and add the shrimp, beans, basil, and thyme. Simmer, uncovered, until the shrimp are pink and cooked through, about 4 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and discard. Season with the remaining 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Ladle the cioppino into soup bowls and serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large fennel bulb, trimmed and chopped into 12inch pieces, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 large or 2 small shallots, chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus 12 teaspoon, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus 14 teaspoon, 1 pound spicy Italian turkey sausage links, casings removed, 2 cups white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, 14 cup tomato paste, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 bay leaf, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, Serving suggestion: crusty sourdough bread.], title: Shrimp and Sausage Cioppino, picturelink: BeFj3oW4XhY5C.OSmjlhIXdv5MOhlES}, 26207: {instructions: Combine the Swiss cheese, 12 cup of the mayonnaise, the mustard, cream cheese, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper in a food processor. Blend until very smooth. Remove and set aside. Rinse out the food processor bowl.nCombine the coleslaw, sauerkraut, vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper in a food processor. Pulse until coarsely chopped. Remove and set aside. Rinse out the food processor bowl.nAdd the corned beef to the food processor and pulse until coarsely chopped.nWhisk together the remaining 12 cup mayonnaise, the chili sauce, ketchup and a few grinds of black pepper for the sauce.nLayer the dip in your favorite 3quart serving dish. Spread out the cheese mixture on the bottom. Then top with, in even layers, the corned beef, rye bread, sauce and sauerkraut mixture.nWrap and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour or overnight. Serve with rye bread toasts, rye crackers or potato chips.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [1 12 cups shredded Swiss about 6 ounces, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons spicy brown mustard, 4 ounces cream cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups prepared dry coleslaw mix, 2 cups prepared sauerkraut, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 8 ounces thinly sliced corned beef, 12 cup prepared chili sauce, such as Heinz, 12 cup ketchup, 4 slices seeded rye bread, toasted and cut into small pieces, Rye bread toasts, rye crackers or potato chips for serving], title: FiveLayer Reuben Dip, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 26208: {instructions: Chop leeks and in a bowl of cold water wash leeks well. Lift leeks from water into a colander to drain. In a large saucepan cook leeks in oil with salt and pepper, to taste, over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Peel potatoes and cut into 1inch cubes. Add potatoes, broth, and 2 cups water to leeks and simmer, covered, about 10 minutes, or until potato is tender. Stir in peas and simmer, uncovered, about 5 minutes, or until peas are tender.nWhile potato mixture is simmering, discard sorrel stems. Cut leaves crosswise into thin strips about 6 cups loosely packed. In a blender puree potato mixture with sorrel in 4 batches until very smooth, transferring to a bowl. Whisk in yogurt and 1 cup water, adding enough water to thin soup to desired consistency.nJust before serving, stir in lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste. Garnish soup with egg and sorrel., ingredients: [6 leeks, about 1 12 pounds total, white and pale green parts only, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 small boiling potatoes about 12 pound, 3 cups chicken broth, 3 cups boiling water, plus additional to thin soup, 1 cup shelled fresh peas about 1 pound in pods or thawed frozen peas, 12 pound sorrel, 23 cup yogurt, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, Chopped hardboiled egg, for garnish, Thin strips sorrel, for garnish], title: Sorrel, Pea and Leek Soup, picturelink: null}, 26209: {instructions: For the filling: Cook the chorizo in the oil in a large Dutch oven, stirring occasionally, until cooked through. Add the hot dogs, onion and garlic and cook until fragrant. Add the tomato sauce, cumin, garlic powder and 2 tablespoons salt and cook, stirring together, 1 minute. Add the rice and stock and cook until the rice is tender. Stir in the beans and cook, stirring occasionally, 10 more minutes.nSpread the shredded cheese on the tortillas. Spread the chilirice mix on top of each and roll up like a sushi roll. Slice each roll in half on the diagonal.nFor the bacon sour cream: Stir together the sour cream, bacon and cilantro.nFor the heavy cream liquid: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stir together the milk, eggs, sugar, vanilla and lobster tails. Pour into a nonstick 8inch square baking pan and bake for 15 minutes.nPut a dollop of the heavy cream liquid onto each of 4 plates. Arrange 2 pieces of chili sushi next to each dollop, and top with the bacon sour cream. Scatter microgreens over the top and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 links ground chorizo sausage, 1 tablespoon oil, 4 beef hot dogs, cut into 12inch slices, 4 pork hot dogs, cut into 12inch slices, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves fresh garlic, minced, 12 cup tomato sauce, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, Salt, 3 cups cooked rice, 2 cups chicken stock, One 15.5ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, One 15.5ounce can kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 4 large burritosize flour tortillas, grilled, 4 dollops sour cream, Crumbled bacon, for topping, 4 pinches minced fresh cilantro, 12 cup milk, 6 eggs, beaten, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 cooked lobster tails, removed from their shells and chopped, Microgreens, for serving], title: Chili Dog Hand Roll, picturelink: rjAlsnM7R043Ne191cpvGTn5WIYHgXS}, 26210: {instructions: For the short ribs: Marinate the short ribs with wine, shallot, garlic and herbs overnight.nPreheat the oven at 350 degrees F.nRemove the ribs and keep the marinade for later. Sear the short ribs in a heavy saucepan on medium high or until golden brown on all sides and remove. Add the carrot, leek, celery in the saucepan and caramelize on high heat, then deglaze with the reserved marinade. Bring to a boil and add the short ribs again, veal stock, ketchup, and honey. Season with salt and pepper.nCover and place in the oven for 3 hours or until the meat falls off the bone. Remove from oven, strain liquid and skim the fat. On medium heat, reduce the braising liquid by half, about 30 minutes. Keep aside for the creamy mushroom sauce.nFor the filling: Rehydrate the dried mushrooms in hot water for about 15 minutes and keep the liquid for the sauce.nPlace the onions in a saute pan and cook on low heat for about 30 minutes, until golden brown and caramelized, stirring on a regular basis.nIn another pan, saute the rehydrated mushrooms in olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Add the shredded short rib meat and caramelized onions. Season with salt and pepper. Keep aside.nFor the pasta dough: Place the flour on a table in a mound and make a well in the center. Put the eggs and salt into the well.nWhisk the eggs together with a fork, and gently incorporate the flour into the egg mixture a little at a time. Using your hands, bring the mixture together to form a ball.nKnead the pasta dough, about 5 minutes. Put the dough in a bowl with olive oil. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest for 15 minutes until ready to roll your fresh pasta.nThe pasta can be used right away or will keep in the refrigerator for up to a week.nCut the pasta dough into 4 equal sections. Flatten one of the dough balls with the palm of your hand until its about 12inch thick and no wider than the slot of the pasta machine. If you dont have a pasta machine, a rolling pin will work fine but make sure to roll the dough thin enough.nAdjust the slot of the pasta machine to its widest setting usually number 7. Turn the handle while feeding the dough through the slot. Gently hold the flattened dough as it comes out of the pasta machine, but dont pull on it. After the dough has completely passed through the pasta machine, turn the slot down to the next smallest setting and pass the dough through the slot.nAs you make the slot smaller, your sheet of dough will become longer. Try to gently hold the dough as it exits the pasta machine so it doesnt tear. Continue passing the dough through the machine until its about a 116inch thick or number 2 on the pasta machine.nFor the ravioli: Using 2 spoons, place about 1 tablespoon of filling into each pocket. Leave 2inches in between each of them.nBrush the edges of the pasta with water. This will help the ravioli to seal tightly when boiled. Place another sheet of pasta over the ravioli filling. Press out any air to form a seal around each ravioli. Using a cookie cutter to cut desired shape.nPlace the raviolis in a single layer on a parchmentlined baking sheet to prevent from sticking. At this point, if you want to freeze the ravioli for later, place the entire baking sheet into the freezer. Once the ravioli have frozen, you can remove the pasta and place them in resealable bags.nFor the sauce: In a pan on medium heat, saute the shallots and fresh mushrooms in olive oil and butter until golden brown. Season with salt and pepper. Add reserved short rib braising liquid and water from the rehydrated mushrooms. Continue cooking until quantity is reduced by half, about 15 minutes. Add the cream and let simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes.nFor serving: Cook the ravioli in salted boiling water for 2 to 3 minutes or until the ravioli floats. Serve 3 to 4 raviolis per person, add the mushroom sauce and garnish with grated Parmesan cheese and chopped chives., ingredients: [4 pieces short ribs, 2inch cut, 4 cups red wine, 1 shallot, minced, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 5 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 cups veal stock, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 leek, chopped, 1 celery stalk, chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 large onions, thinly sliced, Shredded meat from braised short rib, 1 cup mixed dried mushrooms, 2 cups boiling water, 3 12 cups flour, 6 eggs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon chopped herbs basil, parsley, chives, optional, Pasta dough, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups mixed fresh mushrooms, sliced, 1 shallot, minced, 2 cups braising liquid from the short ribs, 2 cups 35percent cream, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Chopped fresh chives, Grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Short Rib Ravioli and Creamy Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26211: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Place the chicken breasts and thighs in a pot with the bay leaves, carrot, onion, orange and some salt. Cover with water, then cover the pot and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and cook at a low rolling boil for 20 minutes. Remove the chicken to a cutting board. Strain the poaching liquid, then return to the pot and boil for a few minutes to reduce it slightly. Remove the skin and bones from the chicken and shred the meat.nFor the BBQ sauce: Meanwhile, combine the ketchup, mustard, brown sugar, maple syrup, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, pepper, bourbon, garlic and orange juice in a small pot. Simmer over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes.nFor the slaw: Whisk together the oil, vinegar, sugar, salt, lemon juice and onions. Season with salt and some pepper. Add the cabbage and apples and toss to combine.nAdd 1 cup poaching liquid to the BBQ sauce, then add the chicken, stirring and shredding it with 2 forks. Pile the chicken on the rolls and top with pickles and slaw., ingredients: [2 small skinon, bonein chicken breasts, 2 skinon, bonein chicken thighs, 2 bay leaves, 1 small carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 small onion, quartered, 12 orange, sliced, Salt, 1 cup organic ketchup, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground pepper, 2 shots of bourbon, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, Juice of 12 orange, 13 cup vegetable oil or olive oil, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, About 1 12 teaspoons sea salt or kosher salt, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 red onion, grated, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 pound cabbage red, green or a mix, shredded, 1 large green apple, peeled and coarsely grated, Brioche rolls, split, Breadandbutter pickles, for topping], title: Bourbon BBQ Pulled Chicken Sandwiches and Green Apple Slaw, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 26212: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a large paella pan or skillet over mediumhigh heat.nAdd soy sausage and garlic and cook 2 minutes. Add artichokes, squash, zucchini, carrots, asparagus, peas, tomatoes, saffron, paprika, and bay leaves, bring to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. Add rice and broth and cook for 5 minutes, until liquid is absorbed. Remove from heat, remove bay leaves and stir in parsley. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 8 ounces soy sausage, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup marinated artichoke hearts, quartered, 1 cup sliced yellow squash, 1 cup baby squash or sliced zucchini, 1 cup sliced carrots, 1 bunch asparagus, ends trimmed, cut into 2inch pieces, 12 cup frozen green peas, 14ounce can diced tomatoes, 6 to 8 saffron threads, 12 teaspoon paprika, 2 bay leaves, 2 cups cooked rice, 12 cup reducedsodium vegetable broth, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Vegetarian Paella, picturelink: tQfEEgRzohFqPg5sqaAwNd2vwNCC}, 26213: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the corn off of the cob. Put 1 tablespoon of butter in a saute pan on mediumhigh heat and cook the shallots until they are translucent with salt and pepper about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the corn and cook until tendernIn a bowl add brown sugar, honey and cayenne pepper. Mix well to combine and stir into corn mixture to cook for a few minutes, stirring constantly., ingredients: [6 ears corn, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 tablespoons diced shallots, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Candied Corn, picturelink: NnltERQjcsjVhOq.E3l4dxjGL9I6gYO}, 26214: {instructions: With a small ice cream scoop or melon baller, scoop balls of vanilla ice cream onto a cold cookie sheet lined with waxed paper. Place in the freezer to reset the ice cream balls to firm.nPut the chocolate in a microwave safe bowl and microwave at medium until liquid, about 1 12 minutes. Stop and stir every 30 seconds until melted, be careful not to burn it.nSpread the orange drink powder onto a large plate. Roll the ice cream balls in the powder and return them to the cookie sheet. Drizzle the melted chocolate over the ice cream balls. Return to the freezer until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 quart vanilla ice cream, 12 cup powdered orange drink, 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, in chunks], title: Creamy Orange Bon Bons, picturelink: null}, 26215: {instructions: Drain off any excess liquid from storebought fruit salad. In a large bowl toss together all of the fruit, sugar and the Grand Mariner. Serve mixed fruit with mint leaves as garnish., ingredients: [12 pound storebought fruit salad from a salad bar, 1 star fruit or carambola, peeled and sliced, 1 kiwi, peeled and sliced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 tablespoons Grand Marnier, Fresh mint leaves for garnish], title: Tropical Fruit Dessert, picturelink: null}, 26216: {instructions: Add vodka and juices to a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake and strain into martini glass. Garnish with a lime wedge., ingredients: [1 part cranberry vodka, 1 part white cranberry juice, 1 part pink grapefruit juice, Ice cubes, Lime wedge, for garnish], title: Sea Breeze Martini, picturelink: null}, 26217: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor fitted with the metal blade, a blender, or the jar of mayonnaise maker, combine the yolks, lemon juice, vinegar, mustard, salt, sugar, and cayenne. Pulse several times to blend.nWith the processor running at high speed, or while quickly dashing the plunger of a mayonnaise maker, very slowly drizzle in the oil, allowing it to fully integrate as added until all the oil has been incorporated., ingredients: [3 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, Dash cayenne pepper, 1 12 cups canola oil], title: Homemade Mayonnaise, picturelink: DsU4gkOjNuZLg7XBQeR4bDKaHxte.Vi}, 26218: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly prick side of pie crust with fork. Bake 5 minutes or until lightly browned set aside. Reduce oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray medium skillet with cooking spray heat over medium heat. Add onion, zucchini and bell pepper cook and stir 5 to 8 minutes, or until crisptender. Drain pat dry with paper towel. Add potato to vegetables spoon vegetable mixture into crust.nCombine Egg Beaters, milk, oregano and basil. Season with black pepper, if desired. Pour over vegetable mixture. Cover edge of crust with aluminum foil to prevent overbrowning.nBake 45 to 50 minutes or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Let stand 10 minutes before cutting into 6 slices., ingredients: [1 frozen pie crust 9inch, thawed, PAMu00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 23 cup chopped onion, 23 cup thinly sliced zucchini, 12 cup finely chopped green or red bell pepper, 1 cup diced leftover baked potato, 1 cup Egg Beatersu00ae Original, 1 cup fat free milk, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon dried basil, Freshly ground black pepper, optional], title: Garden Vegetable Quiche, picturelink: WeZPDi4i.IOwWQLBl64.wIar22ULP9C}, 26219: {instructions: Special equipment: Tamale corn husks: 24 enconchada dried corn husks such as those marketed by Corona Real or 48 to 72 standard dried corn husks an allowance of 2 to 3 husks per tamale, or fresh corn husks as is the custom in some Latin American countries boiled water poured over them and allowed to soak for 30 minutesnFor the buffalo: Season buffalo meat with salt and pepper. In a large stockpot, cover buffalo meat with water, add onion, garlic, chiles and cumin. Cover and bring to a simmer. Slowly braise for about 2 hours or until the meat is fork tender. Reserve cooking liquid for the sauce.nFor the corn husks: Place the corn husks in a large bowl and cover with tepid water. You may have to weigh them down with another bowl of water. Allow to soak as needed to hydrate, while the buffalo is braising.nFor the masa de maez: Melt 23 cup of the shortening in a saucepan and set aside. With an electric mixer, beat the other 1 13 cups of the shortening until fluffy and gradually and alternately begin adding the harina and beef stock, mixing well after each addition. Then gradually add the melted shortening mixing completely after each addition. Cover the bowl of dough with a damp kitchen towel and set aside.nTransfer the buffalo meat to a utility platter and shred with 2 forks. Reserve 2 cups of the cooking liquid for the sauce. If there is not enough, dont worry, you will supplement it with beef stock for the sauce. Leave enough of the cooking juices to keep the meat just moist and return the shredded beef to this liquid, and cover to keep warm.nLay out the corn husks and spread about 1 to 1 12 tablespoons of the masa dough into each followed by 1 to 2 tablespoons of the shredded buffalo. Fold each tamale so that the masa encases the meat, and use a thin strip of corn husk to tie the tamale. Place in a steamer basket, on end if possible, so that each tamale supports the one next to it. Place over a pot filled with a couple of inches of simmering water for steaming, cover and let steam until firm, about 1 hour. The corn husk will fall away easily when it is done.nWhile the tamales are steaming, make the tamale sauce. Heat the grapeseed oil over medium to medium high heat in a medium saucepot. When the oil begins to shimmer add the shallots and garlic and saute until the onion becomes translucent. Add 2 cups of the buffalo cooking liquid andor beef stock to the shallots and garlic and increase heat to bring to a rapid boil. Add the chili powder, salt and pepper, to taste, and let reduce by half. Add the cornstarch to a separate small bowl and gradually whisk in 1 tablespoon of the liquid to create a slurry. Gradually whisk this into the saucepot to thicken the mixture.nLet tamales rest briefly before serving, and serve with small bowls of tamale sauce., ingredients: [1 12 pounds buffalo bottom round roast or similar cut an allowance of 1 ounce per tamale, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large onion, minced, 3 clove garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced, 3 dried red chiles, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves, 2 cups shortening, 2 23 cups corn harina flour made from hominy, such as Bobs Red Mill, 2 cups beef stock, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 3 shallot, minced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 cups cooking liquid from braising the buffalo, supplemented with beef stock as needed, 1 tablespoon red chili powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon cornstarch], title: Buffalo Tamales, picturelink: SVdL0xSGBEfHou9XWIoB.CE9PwUpxe}, 26220: {instructions: Combine flour, sugar and nutmeg in a mixing bowl stir well to mix and stir in sliced almonds.nStir in the butter evenly. Set aside for 5 minutes, then, using your fingertips, break the mixture into 14 to 12 inch crumbs. Set aside again while you prepare the filling., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 cup sliced almonds, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Almond Crumble Topping, picturelink: null}, 26221: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place the cut garlic bulb on a piece of aluminum foil and drizzle with olive oil. Close the packet and bake in the oven for 40 minutes until softened. Put the cut potatoes in a large stockpot, cover with cold water, and add salt. Bring to a boil, then simmer until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 to 30 minutes. Drain well in a colander. While the potatoes are still warm, press them through a potato ricer or food mill and into a mixing bowl. Whip in the warm milk and softened butter until incorporated and the potatoes are fluffy. Squeeze the roasted garlic cloves out of the skins. Add the garlic pulp to the potatoes. Beat again season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 head garlic, top sliced off, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 to 8 large Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and quartered, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 cup milk, warm, 12 stick butter, softened, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 26222: {instructions: For the puree: In a small saucepot, bring 4 cups water to a boil. Add the chopped carrots, and boil until soft. Strain the carrots and reserve 1 cup of the cooking liquid.nPlace the carrots in a blender with the honey, and puree. Adjust the consistency with the reserved cooking liquid. Season with salt and pepper, and cool completely.nFor the syrup: In a saute pan, cook the bacon until crispy. Remove the bacon from the pan and drain on paper towels. Then chop the bacon and add it to a small saucepot with the maple syrup, and bring to a simmer. Reduce the syrup to a volume of 1 cup.nIf the syrup is very runny, thicken with a slurry of the cornstarch mixed with 2 tablespoons water.nFor the crab salad: In a bowl, combine crab, apples, carrots, mayonnaise, lemon juice and onion, and mix gently. Season with salt and pepper.nFor plating: Sprinkle the scallops with salt and pepper. Heat a saute pan over high heat until smoking. Add the oil and then place the scallops in the pan. Sear until golden brown and the scallops release from the pan, about 3 minutes. Flip and cook for another minute. Add the butter to the pan and baste the scallops with the butter for about 1 more minute. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the scallops to rest.nOn each serving plate, drag a spoonful of carrot puree across the plate. Place 2 ounces of crab salad at the center of each plate. Trim the romaine leaves into a diamond and place on top of the crab salad. Place the seared scallop against the lettuce leaf and drizzle 1 ounce of the bacon syrup with some bacon pieces over the scallop. Garnish with the scallions and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces carrots, peeled and chopped, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 strips bacon, 1 12 cups maple syrup, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, optional, 1 pound crab claw meat, 14 cup julienned apple, 14 cup julienned carrot, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons diced red onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 scallops size U8, dry pack, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 small leaves romaine heart, 3 scallions, julienned], title: Pan Seared Scallops with Crab Salad and Carrot Puree, picturelink: null}, 26223: {instructions: Place the chicken stock in a large saucepan. Add the garlic and cook over mediumhigh heat until the stock comes to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and very slowly whisk in the cornmeal, whisking constantly to make sure there are no lumps. Switch to a wooden spoon, add the salt and pepper, and simmer, stirring almost constantly, for 10 minutes, until thick. Be sure to scrape the bottom of the pan thoroughly while youre stirring. Off the heat, stir in the Parmesan, creme fraiche, and butter. Taste for seasonings and serve hot with extra Parmesan cheese to sprinkle on top., ingredients: [4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 2 teaspoons minced garlic 2 cloves, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, preferably stoneground, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for serving, 12 cup creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter], title: Creamy Parmesan Polenta, picturelink: W7QBUTy.6D.9lhGnZqaqwZL1oq7TLae}, 26224: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill to medium.nIn a small saucepan add butter, brown sugar, apple cider, cinnamon, ginger, and salt. Place onto grill until butter melts. Mix together until well combined.nPlace pears directly onto grill for 2 to 4 minutes. Turn and cook on the other side. Brush both sides of the pears with the butter mixture to glaze. Immediately take pears off the grill after glazing and place on a plate.nScoop ice cream into 4 serving bowls. Top with pears, pecans and whipped cream. Drizzle the remaining butter mixture on top and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons apple cider, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch kosher salt, 2 pears, stemmed, cored, and sliced lengthwise 12 inch thick, Ice cream, Pecans, for topping, Whipped cream, for topping], title: Grilled Pear Sundae, picturelink: 8Wyqc.5TaF7I2NavwVtdYNmgkvNvcu}, 26225: {instructions: Boil raisins in water for 10 minutes. Add lard. Let melt. Sift dry ingredients together and add to raisinslard in pan. Add egg. Pour into greased loaf pans. Bake for 45 min to 1 hour at 350 degrees., ingredients: [1 cup white raisins, 2 cups water, 12 cup lard, 1 34 cups white flour, 1 tsp baking soda, 1 tsp nutmeg, 1 cup white sugar, 1 tsp cinnamon, 1 tsp cloves, Dash baking powder, 12 tsp salt, 1 egg], title: Grandma Adelines 1940s War Cake, picturelink: null}, 26226: {instructions: To make the pesto: In a large stone mortar, place the pine nuts, basil, garlic, and salt and grind with a pestle until it forms a paste. Drizzle in the olive oil, beating the mixture all the while with a wooden spoon. This can also be chopped in a food processor before adding the oil. The pesto can be stored in jars, topped with extravirgin olive oil, for several weeks.nTo make the pasta dish: Bring 6 quarts water to boil and add 2 tablespoons salt.nCook the pasta according to package instructions until al dente and drain.nAdd pasta to a cold pan along with the beans. Toss with pesto, red potatoes and let the hot pasta and beans warm the pesto and potatoes. Do not reheat. Add more extravirgin olive oil, to taste., ingredients: [3 tablespoons pine nuts, 2 cups fresh basil leaves, preferably picolo fino, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 1 pinch sea salt, 5 ounces Ligurian extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup fresh pesto, 6 new potatoes or small red potatoes, boiled and halved, 1 cup young green beans or haricots verts, blanched and refreshed, 1 pound package Trenette pasta], title: Trenette with Pesto, Beans, and Potatoes: Pesto Genovese, picturelink: null}, 26227: {instructions: Rub tuna with Cajun seasoning and set aside. In small bowl mix cheese and basil. Place tablespoons of the cheese mixture on a baking sheet lined with a silicon baking mat or wax paper sprayed with nonstick spray. Bake in a 350degree oven for 6 minutes or until cheese is melted and golden. Set aside to cool. Heat oil in a medium pan and cook tuna 2 min per side for medium rare. Thinly slice tuna place it on top of the Parmesan crisps along with a dollop of apricot jam., ingredients: [1pound piece sushi grade tuna, 2 tablespoons Cajun spice rub, 34 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 1 tsp olive oil, 12 cup apricot jam], title: Seared Spicy Tuna on Basil Parmesan Crisps With Apricot Jam, picturelink: fMk5761Culf4KHnHFNv3Z4QuqJsEQUi}, 26228: {instructions: Fry bacon in pan and add clarified butter. Stir in onion and cook until soft. Add flour and chili powder and cook another 3 minutes. Add beans and 1 cup water to thicken mixture. Cook over low heat for 1 hour. Gradually add white wine and remaining 12 cup water. Finally stir in sour cream and simmer 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve at once., ingredients: [4 ounces bacon, diced, 18 cup clarified butter, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 12 tablespoons flour, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 can red kidney beans, 1 12 cups cold water, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup sour cream, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Beanovski, picturelink: null}, 26229: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place bread cubes in a large bowl. Beat egg and milk together in a small bowl, then pour over bread cubes. Let stand until bread absorbs milk, about 15 minutes. Mash and stir mixture until bread is in very small chunks. Add mustard, salt, pepper, basil, thyme, onion, celery and parsley. Mix well. Add ground beef and mix well. Turn mixture into an 8 x 5inch loaf pan. Place in oven and bake for 55 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [3 cups soft white bread cubes, 1 large egg, 23 cup milk, 1 tablespoon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried basil leaves, crumbled, 14 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, crumbles, 1 onion, chopped, 12 cup chopped celery, including leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 pounds ground beef], title: Soft and Moist Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 26230: {instructions: For the BBQ sauce: Combine the ketchup, mustard, brown sugar, garlic, cider vinegar, Worcestershire, Cajun seasoning and 12 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, stirring until ingredients are completely incorporated. Reduce the heat to low and simmer gently until the flavors have melded and sauce has thickened enough to coat the back of a spoon, 30 to 40 minutes.nRemove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. If not using right away, cover and refrigerate for up to 2 weeks.nFor the pulled pork: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nSpread out the onions and garlic in an even layer in a roasting pan and pour in the chicken stock. Combine the Cajun seasoning and brown sugar in a small bowl. Pat the pork shoulder dry with paper towels and then rub all over with the spice mixture. Set the pork on top of the onions and garlic and cover the roasting pan with foil. Transfer to the oven and cook until the pork is fork tender, 6 to 8 hours.nRemove the pork to a cutting board to cool. Strain the cooking liquid through a finemesh sieve and reserve.nIf the pork has a bone, remove and discard it. With two forks, shred the meat into bitesize pieces, discarding any large pieces of fat. Return the shredded meat to the roasting pan. Add 2 cups of the BBQ sauce and a bit of the reserved cooking liquid if too dry.nFor the coleslaw: Combine the red and green cabbage, carrots and red onions in a large bowl. Whisk together the mayonnaise, cider vinegar, sugar, and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl, and then add to the cabbage mixture. Mix well to combine. Taste for seasoning adjust with more salt, pepper or sugar as needed.nServe the pulled pork on buns topped with coleslaw., ingredients: [1 12 cups ketchup, 12 cup yellow mustard, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 3 medium garlic cloves, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 1 yellow onion, thinly sliced, 4 medium cloves garlic, crushed, 2 cup chicken stock or lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 1 tablespoon packed dark brown sugar, One 4 12 to 5pound boneless or bonein pork shoulder also known as pork, butt, twine or netting removed, 12 head green cabbage, finely shredded, 12 head red cabbage, finely shredded, 2 large carrots, finely shredded, 12 red onion, finely sliced, 34 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 15 soft hamburger buns], title: Pulled Pork Sandwich with BBQ Sauce and Coleslaw, picturelink: eDU8wMrfNiq0nCnLCpp4Crh054h6em}, 26231: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition the rack on the bottom of the oven, and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat 1 tablespoon of oil in a heavy large frying pan over medium heat. Add the sausages and saute until golden brown, breaking the sausage into pieces, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Transfer the mixture to a small bowl and set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of oil in the same frying pan over medium heat. Add the spinach and cook until the spinach wilts and the juices evaporate, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Squeeze the spinach to drain as much liquid as possible.nInto a large bowl, add egg yolks and beat lightly. Stir in the ricotta, mozzarella, and 13 cup of Parmesan cheese. Add the sausage, the spinach and prosciutto to the mixture and stir to combine.nRoll out larger piece of dough on a lightly floured work surface to a 17inch round. Transfer the dough to a 9inch springform pan. Trim the dough overhang to 1 inch. Spoon the ricotta mixture into the doughlined pan. Roll out the remaining piece of dough into a 12inch round. Place the dough over the filling. Pinch the edges of the doughs together to seal, then crimp the dough edges decoratively. Brush the beaten 1 large egg over the entire pastry top. Sprinkle the remaining 2 tablespoons Parmesan over the top. Bake on the bottom shelf until the crust is golden brown, about 1 hour.nLet stand 15 minutes. Release the pan sides and transfer the pizza to a platter. Cut into wedges and serve.nPastry Dough:n3 12 cups allpurpose flourn34 cup 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into piecesn14 cup cold solid vegetable shortening, cut into piecesn1 teaspoon saltn3 large eggs, beaten to blendn2 to 4 tablespoons ice waternBlend the flour, the butter, the shortening and salt in a food processor until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Blend in the eggs. With the machine running, add the water 1 tablespoon at a time until the dough forms. Gather the dough into a ball. Divide the dough into 2 pieces, with 1 piece twice as large as the second piece. Flatten the dough pieces into disks. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until the dough is firm enough to roll out, about 30 minutes.nYield: 2 dough pieces enough for 1 Pizza RusticanPrep Time: 15 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 30 minutes, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces hot Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 12ounce bunches fresh spinach, stemmed, coarsely chopped about 12 cups, or 1 10ounce package frozen cutleaf spinach, thawed and drained, 1 15ounce container whole milk ricotta, 12 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 4 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, coarsely chopped, 4 large egg yolks, beaten to blend, Pastry Dough, recipe follows, 1 large egg, beaten to blend], title: Pizza Rustica, picturelink: 62BdXBlWC0WJpVGs9JI1cmdJnH8A2vG}, 26232: {instructions: Special equipment: Chilled martini glassnCombine the gin, lime juice, simple syrup and mint sprig in a shaker. Add some ice cubes and shake vigorously. Strain into a chilled martini glass.nGarnish with one mint leaf, smacked to release the oils, floating on top of the cocktail., ingredients: [2 ounces gin, such as Plymouth, 1 ounce lime juice, 34 ounce simple syrup, 1 sprig mint, 1 fresh mint leaf], title: Southside Cocktail, picturelink: UcOKvqUbq0yD.1sVliuXhBJ3Bgpc0eu}, 26233: {instructions: In a saucepan bring apple juice to a boil and reduce to a sugar syrup. Add beer. Do not foam. Bring to a boil. Lower heat, let reduce by 23. Set aside.nIn a large bowl combine mango, pineapple, shallots, scallions, plum tomatoes, add cilantro, lime juice, vinegar and oil. Set aside.nIn a small bowl mix 14 cup of cornstarch and some of ice water make a slurry. In a large mixing bowl combine sugar, flour and remaining cornstarch. In a saucepan heat slurry stirring constantly until slurry is clean and pasty. Remove from heat, add ice water. Stir to combine. Add ice water slurry to flour mixture, whisk to make tempura batter.nPreheat deep fryer 400 degrees F.nIn a saucepan heat beer sauce.nDip soft shell crabs into tempura batter and deep fry until crisp and golden brown. When done remove crab to paper towels, let drain and season with salt and pepper. Arrange mango pineapple salsa in center of a plate. Place soft shell crab on top salsa. Add beer sauce to plate., ingredients: [1 quart apple juice, 1 quart Petes Wicked Ale beer, 1 mango, 12 pineapple, grilled, diced, 1 shallot, minced, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 3 plum tomatoes, diced, 1 tablespoon minced cilantro, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons of grape seed or vegetable oil, 12 cup cornstarch, 14 cup of sugar, 1 cup flour, 2 cups ice water, 4 soft shell crabs, cleaned], title: Soft Shell Crab with a Micro Brew Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26234: {instructions: Using a whisk or electric mixer, whip the egg whites and salt into peaks. Add the vanilla, and continue beating to stiff peaks.nStir the cream of tartar into the regular sugar and whisk into the whites very gradually, a spoonful at a time, until the meringue is stiff and the sugar has dissolved.nSift together the icing sugar and cornstarch. Sift over the meringue and gently fold until fully incorporated.nPipe or spoon the meringues onto a parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake at 225 degrees F110 degrees C until creamcoloured and crisp on top when tapped, 1 to 1 12 hours.nRemove the meringues from the oven. Cool on the trays. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [4 egg whites, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla or orange flower water, or maple extract, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 23 cup sugar, 23 cup icing sugar confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch], title: Crisp Chewy Meringues, picturelink: null}, 26235: {instructions: Preheat oven 375 degrees F. Layer pizza crust with cheese slices, then turkey slices. Bake for 7 minutes or until crust is crispy. In saute pan, melt butter over medium heat. Saute peppers and onions until soft, about 35 minutes add eggs and cook to scramble. Pour egg mixture over cooked pizza. Season with salt and pepper slice and serve., ingredients: [1 9inch Gluten Free pizza crust, 3 slices Boars Head Jerk Turkey, thinly sliced, 12 cup 3 ounces Boars Head Monterey Jack Cheese with Jalapeno, shredded, 1 tablespoon Butter, 1 tablespoon Green pepper, diced, 1 tablespoon Sweet onion, diced, 2 large Eggs, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Gluten Free Jerk TurkeyTM Breakfast Pizza, picturelink: f22zHce6ZQhKrG49RbuhzGhBboxItu}, 26236: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a large braising pan, render chorizo in oil over low heat, creating a flavored oil. Once rendered, heat the flavored oil to almost smoking and saute onions and garlic until translucent.nAdd chicken pieces to pan and cook until brown on all sides. Remove chicken from pan and hold at 200 degrees, in the oven.nAdd tomatoes to pan with paprika and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add drained rice and saute for 3 minutes, stirring frequently.nReturn chicken pieces to pan and add boiling stock. Season, to taste, and add saffron stock.nCover and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove the cover and place all seafood on top. Replace cover and continue to simmer until chicken and seafood are tender and liquid is absorbed by the rice.nAdd pea pods to the pan and cook, covered for an additional 2 minutes.nServe immediately. Plate onto preheated dinner plates being sure each portion has rice, chicken, lobster, snails, squid, and clams., ingredients: [4 ounces chorizo, cut into brunoise, 2 ounces olive oil, 6 ounces Spanish onion, cut into brunoise, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 10 chicken bonein thighs, quartered, 8 ounces tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and cut, 12 teaspoon Spanish paprika, 1 34 pounds longgrained rice, soaked in cool water for 30 minutes, then drained, 1 12 quarts chicken stock, heated to a boil, Salt and ground pepper, 12 teaspoon saffron, soaked in 1 cup stock for 20 minutes, 3 4ounce shellon lobster tails, quartered, 10 snails, cleaned, 5 ounces squid, cleaned and sliced into thin rings, 10 small clams, scrubbed, opened, and upper shell removed, 5 ounces fresh pea pods, washed and trimmed], title: Spanish Rice Casserole: Paella, picturelink: null}, 26237: {instructions: For the Dough: Put the flour in a mixing bowl, and make a well in the center. Mix in the rest of the ingredients to form a soft dough. Knead until elastic. Form into a disk and wrap with plastic. Refrigerate for 1 hour to relax.nFor the Filling: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Peel and core the apples. Cut into 12inch pieces. Whisk together the cornstarch, rum, apple juice, and sugar. Mix in the apples and cherries. Put the mixture in a baking dish a cover with foil. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove the foil and bake for 15 to 20 minutes more, occasionally stirring until juicy, gooey, and just tender. Let cool.nBring a large pot of water to a boil.nFlour and roll the dough to 116 to 14inch thick. Cut out 3inch rounds. Paint with the egg wash. Drop 1 tablespoon of filling in the center of each round. Fold over, then crimp with a fork, pressing closed from the outsidein. Cook in small batches until tender but nice and chewy about 3 minutes.nFor the Butter Pecan Nic: Split the vanilla bean lengthwise. Scrape out the seeds. Reserve all.nPut the seeds, pod halves, milk, cream and 14 cup brown sugar in a heavybottomed, medium saucepan. Bring to a scald over low heat.nIn the meantime, put the remaining 14 cup brown sugar, egg yolks and vanilla extract in a large bowl and whisk just to blend.nWhile gently whisking the yolks, drizzle the hot cream mixture into them so that they are gradually warmed up. Return everything to the saucepan and cook while stirring with a wooden spoon. Make sure that you are constantly scraping the spoon across the bottom of the pan so the custard does not scorch. The custard is done when it has thickened slightly and can evenly coat the back of the spoon. Do not let it come to a boil.nStrain the custard through a fine sieve. Press out all the liquid in the vanilla beans and add to the custard. Nestle the container holding the custard into a large bowl of ice. Let cool, stirring occasionally. When chilled, sprinkle with pecans., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup water, Egg wash 1 egg mixed with 2 tablespoons water, 4 Granny Smith apples, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon rum, 14 cup apple juice concentrate, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 13 cup dried cherries, 1 vanilla bean, 34 cup milk, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 cup lightly packed, light brown sugar, 3 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup toasted chopped pecans], title: Cherry Apple Varenikes with Butter Pecan Nic, picturelink: null}, 26238: {instructions: Put the dates, brown sugar and butter in a microwavesafe medium bowl and cover. Microwave on high in 1minute increments, stirring in between, until the butter has melted.nTransfer the mixture to a food processor and pulse until smooth. Add the walnuts, orange zest, vanilla, salt and graham crackers and pulse until the mixture comes together into a stiff and slightly tacky ball. Scoop heaping teaspoonfuls of dough and roll them into balls. Refrigerate the balls until firm, about 1 hour.nRoll the chilled balls in sanding sugar. The sticky toffee balls can be refrigerated for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 cup pitted dates about 5 ounces, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup walnuts, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch fine salt, 4 whole graham crackers, broken into pieces, Colored sanding sugar, for rolling], title: NoBake Sticky Toffee Balls, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 26239: {instructions: 1. PREHEAT oven to 350degrees F. Grease bottom and side of 9inch springform pan.n2. PRESS cookie crumbs onto bottom of prepared pan. Place in freezer for 5 minutes.n3. BEAT cream cheese, Coffeemate and 14 cup sugar in large mixer bowl until creamy. Beat in eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Pour filling into crust.n4. BAKE for 45 to 50 minutes or until edges are set but center still moves slightly.n5. COMBINE sour cream, remaining sugar and vanilla extract in medium bowl mix well. Spread over surface of warm cheesecake. Bake for 5 minutes. Remove from oven and cool on wire rack. Refrigerate for several hours or overnight. Remove side of springform pan., ingredients: [2 cups ground chocolatemint sandwich cookies such as Oreos Mint N Cream, 3 pkgs. 8 oz. each cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup Peppermint Mocha Flavor NESTLu00c9 COFFEEMATE Powdered Coffee Creamer, 34 cup granulated sugar, divided, 3 large eggs, 1 container 16 oz. sour cream, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Peppermint Mocha Cheesecake, picturelink: 6o2pDB881xz2Upoe4i5N.j6xK5Sv6K}, 26240: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small saucepot over mediumhigh heat, combine water, blackberries, ginger and lemon juice. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until berries break down, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and strain into a bowl, using the back of a spoon to push blackberry pulp through. Return blackberry mixture to the sauce pot, add sugar and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until reduced by half, about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally to avoid burning. Remove from heat and let cool.nBrush a baking sheet with olive oil and set fillets on top. Brush fillets with oil and season with salt and pepper. Once blackberry mixture is cool, brush over salmon fillets and bake for 4 minutes. Brush again with blackberry mixture. Turn oven to broil and broil another 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup water, 12 ounces blackberries, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced into coins, 12 lemon, juice, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 8ounce skinless salmon fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Salmon with Blackberry Ginger Glaze, picturelink: 85oEr5X8ryM7TBYfSdcrKMyhqlLpxq}, 26241: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 medium wooden skewers, soaked in waternPlace lemon juice in a small nonreactive saucepan and reduce to 3 tablespoons. Place the butter in a medium bowl, add the lemon syrup and dill, then season with salt and pepper to taste. Mix well and scrape into a ramekin. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nWhisk together the zest, juice, oil, dill, and garlic, then season with salt and pepper to taste. Mix the pasta, cheese, peppers, olives, and scallions together in a bowl. Pour the vinaigrette over and mix to combine. Add the oregano and season with salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat grill to high. Toss the shrimp in some olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Thread 5 shrimp on a skewer, bending the shrimp so that the skewer passes through it twice. Grill, turning once for 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the shrimp from the grill to a large platter and brush generously with LemonDill Butter. Garnish with fresh dill., ingredients: [2 cups lemon juice, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 2 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened, Salt, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound orzo pasta, cooked al dente, drained, 6 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 1 large yellow pepper, finely diced, 1 large red pepper, finely diced, 12 cup kalamata olives, pitted and quartered, 2 scallions, finely sliced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 40 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Shrimp with LemonDill Butter and Orzo Salad, picturelink: null}, 26242: {instructions: For the sushi rice: Place the rice into a mixing bowl and cover with cool water. Swirl the rice in the water, pour off and repeat 2 to 3 times or until the water is clear. Place the rice and 2 cups of water into a medium saucepan and place over high heat. Bring to a boil, uncovered. Once it begins to boil, reduce the heat to the lowest setting and cover. Cook for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, for 10 minutes. Combine the rice vinegar, sugar and salt in a small microwave bowl and heat in the microwave on high for 30 to 45 seconds. Transfer the rice into a large wooden or glass mixing bowl and add the vinegar mixture. Fold thoroughly to combine and coat each grain of rice with the mixture. Allow to cool to room temperature before using to make sushi.nRoll the sushi rice into bitesize forms and place thinly sliced apple on top of each. Combine the strawberries and raspberry preserves in a small bowl and drop a small amount on top of the apple. To serve, garnish with chopped mint and green onions or chives., ingredients: [18 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, Pinch salt, 2 green apples peeled and sliced paper thin, 4 tablespoons raspberry preserves, 12 cup chopped strawberries, Freshly chopped fresh mint leaves, for garnish, 12 cup chopped green onions or chives, 12 pound sushi rice], title: Apple Sushi, picturelink: null}, 26243: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Melt butter in 2 x 9 x 13 inch baking dish. In a shallow bowl combine flour, cayenne, garlic salt and oregano. In another shallow bowl beat eggs. Dip chicken into flour mixture, then dip in chicken into egg. Roll chicken in bread crumbs. Place chicken in dish and turn to coat with butter. Bake for 30 35 minutes. Rotate after 15 minutes. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 2 chickens, cut into 8 pieces each, 1 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons garlic salt, 2 teaspoons oregano, 2 eggs, 12 cup dried bread crumbs], title: Oven Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 26244: {}, 26245: {instructions: For the cauliflower puree: Cook the cauliflower in salted boiling water until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the water and transfer cauliflower to a blender. Add butter and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nFor the pesto: In a blender, combine olives, basil, parsley, Parmesan cheese, 14 cup almonds, and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to an airtight container and keep refrigerated until ready to use.nFor the grilled sardines: In a skillet, grill sardines in olive oil for 1 minute on the skin side. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nFor the serving: Pour some cauliflower puree on the bottom of a plate, top with 3 sardine fillets. Garnish each sardine with a dollop of the green pesto. Crush the remaining almonds sprinkle. Drizzle with some good olive oil and serve., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, cut in small pieces, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup green olives, 2 cups fresh basil, 2 cups fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 12 cup roasted peeled almonds, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 sardine fillets, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Good quality olive oil], title: Grilled Sardines, Olive Pesto and Cauliflower Puree, picturelink: null}, 26246: {instructions: Special equipment: 9inch springform pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9inch springform pan.nTo make the cake, beat the eggs preferably in an electric mixer for 5 minutes. Add the sugar and grated citrus peel and continue to beat until the beater leaves a ribbonlike trail, about 15 minutes. Fold in the flour by hand, onethird at a time.nPour the batter into the prepared springform pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Allow the cake to cool for about 10 minutes then unmold and cool completely.nTo make the syrup: In a small bowl, combine 34 cup of warm water with the sugar and the liqueur. Stir the syrup until the sugar dissolves.nTo form the cassata: Slice the cake into 2 12inchthick slices. Trim the crusts from the cake then return one of the layers to the springform pan. Spoon half the syrup over the cake then spread a layer of ricotta crema on top. Repeat, carefully placing another layer of cake, drizzling with syrup then spreading with ricotta. Wrap the cake in plastic and chill it for at least 1 hour.nTo make the frosting: Sift half of the confectioners sugar into a bowl. Add half of the lemon juice and all of the lemon extract. Stir the liquid into the sugar, breaking up any lumps. Sift the remaining sugar into the bowl and add the rest of the lemon juice. Thin the icing with a little water until it has a thin spreading consistency and forms smooth, shiny icing.nUnwrap the cassata and invert it onto a serving plate. Ice the cassata then decorate it with whole and cut pieces of candied fruit. Chill the cassata for at least 3 hours, then slice and serve., ingredients: [6 eggs, at room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon grated orange or lemon peel, 1 cup allpurpose flour, sifted, 34 cup warm water, 5 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 3 cups Crema di Ricotta, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon lemon extract, Candied fruit, for garnish], title: Cassata, picturelink: R0p9Oyj1pnNcLVwM.ucssBBnai8DUei}, 26247: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds out on a rimmed baking sheet and toast until light brown and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Set aside.nCook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and transfer the cooked bacon with a slotted spoon to a small bowl, leaving the drippings in the skillet.nReturn the skillet to medium heat, add the shallots and 1 tablespoon water and cook, stirring, until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the vinegar and cook until it is reduced and the shallots are glazed, about 3 minutes more. Add the spinach in batches, stirring to wilt before adding more. When all the spinach has been added, raise the heat to high, add the paprika, red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, covered, for 2 minutes. Remove the lid, stir in the raisins, toasted almonds, reserved bacon and butter and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sliced almonds, 2 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 small shallot, chopped, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 12 pounds baby spinach leaves, 14 teaspoon Spanish smoked sweet paprika, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup golden raisins, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Baby Spinach with Almonds and Golden Raisins, picturelink: lBtuyBInM6kvRXHGVHP6v4MIiGXEq}, 26248: {instructions: Combine the sauce, pepper flakes and bacon in a small skillet or pot. Cook over medium heat until bubbly, 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to a simmer, while you cook the eggs.nMeanwhile, fill a 2quart pot with water, leaving 1inch of space from the rim. Bring the water to a boil.nSet a small strainer over a bowl. Crack one egg into the strainer, and allow the loose parts of the white to drain off, 1 minute.nPlace a chopstick or a butter knife in the center of the pot with the boiling water. Stir vigorously to create a funnel effect it should look like a mini tornado in the center of the pot. Gently slide the egg into the center. Reduce the flame to keep the water at a gentle bubble. Cook the egg for exactly 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the egg to a papertowellined plate to drain. Repeat this process with the remaining egg.nTo serve, divide the sauce into two shallow bowls. Place one poached egg in each bowl, and garnish with a piece of toasted bread if using., ingredients: [2 cups marinara sauce chunky works best for this recipe, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 slices cooked smoked bacon, chopped, 2 eggs, Toasted bread, for dipping, optional], title: Eggs in Purgatory, picturelink: Ynq5yS0ZLTOqwsjeJNDdZGytIzWwz2}, 26249: {instructions: 1. Season tenderloins with salt and pepper.n2. Heat oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat and brown tenderloins on all sides. Place in crock.n3. In small bowl, whisk together pineapple juice, brown sugar, soy sauce, tomato paste and cornstarch. Pour over pork tenderloin. 4. Cover and cook on HIGH for 4 hours or LOW for 6 hours or until internal temperature reaches at least 160 degrees Fahrenheit for medium doneness.n5. Remove cover and stir in pineapple chunks.n6. Cover and cook on HIGH for 1530 minutes until pineapple is heated through.n7. Slice pork and serve with sauce and pineapple.n8. Garnish with minced parsley.n9. Serve over hot, cooked rice if desired., ingredients: [3 pounds pork tenderloin, silver skins removed, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 20 oz. can pineapple chunks in juice, drained, juice reserved, pineapple set aside, 12 cup brown sugar, packed, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced], title: Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 26250: {instructions: Place the vinegar, oil, and sugar in a bowl and mix well. In a mixing bowl, add watercress, onions, tomato and dress with vinaigrette. Set aside.nIn a hot wok or pan, add oil and cook garlic until fragrant.nTurn heat to high adding beef and stir fry for 1 minute until browned, then season with a pinch of salt and 12 teaspoon pepper.nAdd the beef to the salad bowl then dress with nuoc cham. Mix well, then transfer to a plate and garnish with chile., ingredients: [3 12 fluid ounces100 ml white vinegar, 2 teaspoons garlic oil or vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 bunch watercress, trimmed and washed, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 1 tomato, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon finely diced garlic, 10 12 ounces 300 g lean beef, finely sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons nuoc cham, 1 chile, sliced], title: Warm Beef and Watercress Salad: Bo Xao Sa Lat Song, picturelink: null}, 26251: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss all ingredients gently until well mixed. Cover and chill for 30 to 45 minutes to allow flavors to blend before serving.nEat as a salad or serve on a tostada shell. Add your favorite hot sauce for an extra kick., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus spears, chopped, 1 pound shrimp, cooked and chopped, 1 cup crabmeat, shredded, 1 bunch green onions, chopped, 12 cup chopped red onions, 1 12 cucumbers, peeled and chopped, 1 avocado, chopped, 12 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, 1 cup chopped tomato, 2 cups shredded cabbage, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 lemons, juiced, 3 limes, juiced, 1 12 tablespoons garlic salt, Tostada shells, if desired, Hot sauce, optional, for garnish], title: Asparagus Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 26252: {instructions: Make the aioli and begin marinating the tuna early in the day. Microwave the lemon and lime in a small bowl to release the essential oils and set aside just long enough to be able to handle. Meanwhile, through the feed tube of a running blender, add 1 at a time, the egg yolks, dry mustard, salt, and white pepper. By this time, the microwaved lemon and lime should be cool enough to handle. Leaving the blender running, squeeze the juice from half of 1 lemon through the feed opening, then add the oil in a slow stream. Remove to a bowl and refrigerate.nSeason the tuna steaks with salt and pepper, place them in a nonreactive container and squeeze the rest of the lemon and the lime over them. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours.nHeat the grill or preheat the broiler in the oven. Brush the marinated tuna with 1 tablespoon or so of olive oil. Cook until browned, until fish flakes with a fork, 3 to 6 minutes per side, and then let rest. Leave grill hot or oven on to toast bread.nBrush olive oil about 1 tablespoon per half on Italian bread and toast lightly, either on the grill or under broiler.nFlake the tuna, place in a bowl with scallions and fennel and fold in the aioli. Spoon tuna mixture onto the toasted Italian bread, drizzle a small amount of balsamic vinegar over, and top with Cheddar. Heat briefly in the oven to melt cheese. Garnish with fresh dill. This is great served with fresh tomato soup, if desired., ingredients: [1 fresh lemon, 1 fresh lime, 2 large egg yolks, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch 116 teaspoon white pepper, 34 cup canola oil must be room temperature, 4 6to8 ounce tuna steaks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 3 tablespoons or enough as needed extra virgin olive oil approximately 1 tablespoon to brush on the fish and 2 for the bread, 1 loaf Italian bread, sliced in 12 lengthwise, 6 scallions, white and tender green parts only, 4 stalks fennel, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 pound American artisanal Cheddar such as Grafton Village Classic Reserve, sliced 18inch thick with a cheese plane, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, Tomato soup, as an accompaniment], title: Maters Mississippi Tuna Melt, picturelink: CCy.JLQtQ2EMlgKZgH3nYOIJwzWEm}, 26253: {instructions: In a metal cocktail shaker, muddle the sugar cube, strawberry and peppercorns well. Be sure to crack the peppercorns. Add the gin, Pomegranate, Tawny Port and Balsamic Reduction, vermouth and cracked ice into the shaker. Top, seal and shake vigorously. Double strain up into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with the olives on a bar toothpick.nPour the tawny port, pomegranate juice and balsamic vinegar into a small skillet on medium heat until reduced by little less than half. Take off the heat and allow to cool to room temperature before incorporating into a cocktail., ingredients: [1 white sugar cube, 1 ripe strawberry, stem removed, 2 black peppercorns, 1 34 ounces gin, 12 ounce Pomegranate, Tawny Port and Balsamic Reduction, recipe follows, 12 ounce vermouth recommended: Dolin Blanc, Cracked ice, for shaking, 2 blue cheese stuffed olives, for garnish, 8 ounces 10 year tawny port, 4 ounces pomegranate juice, 4 ounces balsamic vinegar], title: The Fortune Teller, picturelink: w26hK3zgvOYdhpvLrt7pFeOlfm9YTS}, 26254: {instructions: In a large nonstick pan with sloped sides even a wok shape works, melt the butter over mediumlow heat, being careful to not brown the butter. If it begins to bubble, the heat is too high, so lower the heat to cook the eggs properly. Slow and low like BBQ is the way to go with eggs.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, add the eggs and 1 teaspoon cold water. Vigorously whisk until frothy and smooth. Swirl the pan around to coat the butter on the bottom and up the sides. Pour the eggs into the pan and let sit for a few seconds. When the eggs begin to lightly set on the bottom, use the whisk to gently beat the eggs, then allow them to sit for just a few seconds between beating them again. Curds will begin to form and increase throughout the cooking time. Repeat this process of whisking then resting the eggs for a few seconds until about 50 percent of the eggs are set and the rest are still wet. At this point, sprinkle the eggs with a pinch of salt and pepper and continue to whisk and rest alternately. Once the eggs are 75 percent done, add the cheese and from this moment, continue to whisk the eggs until done. This entire process from pouring in the eggs to them being finished should take 8 to 12 minutes this isnt a race, only a journey to the best scrambled eggs ever. Remove from the heat and continue to scramble in the last seconds. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 12 eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup shredded CheddarMonterey Jack cheese blend], title: Sunnys Perfect Scrambled Cheesy Eggs, picturelink: PWxr2PdfMg5KiozL9Y4JF98MvEQUqS}, 26255: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nCut the onions and turnips into quarters. Toss the onions, and turnips, carrots, and fennel lightly in oil and place them on baking sheets. Roast the vegetables for 30 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes. When vegetables are a dark caramel color, remove them from the oven. Reserve 1 onion, 1 carrot, 1 turnip, and the stalk of fennel set aside. Put the remainder of the vegetables in a large pot with the chicken stock, garlic, orange juice, apple cider, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, star anise, cumin seeds, orange zest, salt and pepper. Cook the broth over high heat until reduced by about half.nWhile the broth is simmering, remove the skin and excess fat from the leg of lamb and cut the meat into 1inch cubes. Put the cubes on a wire rack to drain or on a clean towel to soak up excess moisture. Add some of the cooking oil to a large heavy skillet and heat over high heat. When the oil is hot, carefully add the diced lamb. Cook the lamb, in batches as necessary, for 3 minutes on each side, or until browned. Transfer the lamb to a roasting pan. Add the wine to the skillet that the lamb was cooked in and cook, over high heat, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Cook the wine until reduced by about half and the solids have come up off the pan. Pour the reduced wine over the lamb.nReduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Strain the broth and discard the solids. Pour the broth over the lamb in the roasting pan. Cover the pan with a lid or parchment paper and braise until the lamb is tender, about 1 12 hours.nOnce the lamb is tender, remove it from the oven and add the reserved roasted vegetables to the pan. Place the roasting pan over medium heat on the stovetop and bring to a simmer. Add salt, pepper, and fresh herbs, to taste. Serve the stew with rustic bread on the side., ingredients: [5 yellow onions, 2 turnips, 5 carrots, 1 stalk fennel, 1 cup cooking oil, divided, 1 12 gallons chicken stock, 12 head garlic, 14 gallon orange juice, 14 gallon apple cider, 14 cup coriander seeds, 18 cup fennel seeds, 1 star anise, 2 tablespoons cumin seeds, 18 cup orange zest, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 leg of lamb, 3 cups dry white wine, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Your choice fresh herbs, minced, to taste], title: Lamb Stew, picturelink: EZ6SwM4OD3Q5xKhDGWS8MPGa8qJT4AK}, 26256: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Using a mandolin or a thin knife, slice eggplant lengthwise into thin strips. Toss the eggplant with 14 cup coarse salt. Transfer the eggplant to a colander and allow to sit overnight. This will remove any excess water from the eggplant and allow it to crisp nicely when fried. Brush the salt off the eggplant slices. Heat oil in a large skillet until approximately 350 degrees. Carefully fry eggplant slices in the oil until golden brown, approximately 30 seconds on each side. Drain the slices on paper towels, set aside until needed. In a medium bowl mix together 2 cups tomato puree, oregano and 1 tablespoon chopped garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Grease a 8 by 8 inch square pan, and layer the eggplant on the bottom of the pan. Sprinkle some of the mozzarella cheese mixed with the parmesan cheese,pepper, and drizzle the tomato sauce over the cheese. Repeat the process the pan is full. Bake the lasagna for 20 to 25 minutes until the cheese is melted and golden brown., ingredients: [1 eggplant sliced thin and purged, 14 cup rock salt, 34 cup vegetable oil, 2 cups tomato puree, 2 teaspoons oregano, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 cups grated mozzarella cheese, 12 cup Parmesan cheese, Pepper to taste], title: Eggplant Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 26257: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a glass and muddle, strain into a chilled martini glass, top with Lemon Zest Meringue.nPlace egg whites in small bowl, beat on high speed for 1 minute, add in sugar, almond liqueur, and zest. Continue beating until stiff peaks form. Put on top of drink, torch with a butane torch until tips are golden, serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 ounces lemon flavored vodka recommended: Grey Goose Le Citron, 34 ounce agave nectar, 12 ounce almond liqueur recommended: Amarreto Disaronno, 12 lemon, cut in small pieces, 12 cup ice, Lemon Zest Meringue, recipe follows, 2 egg whites, 2 teaspoons sugar, 12 ounce almond liqueur recommended: Amarreto Disaronno, 12 teaspoon lemon zest], title: Frosty Lemon Pie, picturelink: y7gLM6r2sH4OnS9vMSh8S2Z7OxZgMi}, 26258: {instructions: Pour juice in a champagne flute and top with Prosecco., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chilled Currant or Black Currant Nectar, 12 cup chilled Prosecco], title: Black Currant Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 26259: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace butter and softened cream cheese in a small microwave safe bowl. Melt in microwave on medium setting stirring every 15 seconds until melted. Set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, add cookie mix, melted butter and cream cheese mixture, egg, vanilla extract, cocoa powder and cake flour. Stir until dough forms. Sift together 2 tablespoons each of cocoa powder and cake flour to use for dusting board and rolling pin. Roll out dough 18inch thick. Using cutters slightly bigger than petits fours molds, stamp out cookies. Fit cookies into molds and cut off excess. Bake in batches for 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes before removing from molds. Cool completely on wire racks.nTo make the filling, scoop out into separate bowls the pie fillings of the thawed cheesecake and baked pumpkin pie. Be careful not to get any of the crusts. Discard the crusts. Add heavy cream and beat each filling with a wire whisk to smooth out consistency.nTo assemble, using pastry bags or ziptop bag with a star tip, hold the bag on its side and spoon in half of the cheesecake filling. Then spoon half of the pumpkin filling on the other side. Test the frosting by squeezing the bag until both fillings come out. Fill 2 more pastry bags or ziptop bags, 1 with the remaining cheesecake filling and the other with the pumpkin filling. Add fillings to petits fours.nTo make the chocolate icing, remove lid and foil seal from chocolate icing. Heat in microwave for 30 seconds and stir. Pour into small ziptop bag. Snip off tiny opening in corner of bag. Drizzle over petits fours. Garnish with an espresso bean., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 4 ounces cream cheese, 1 package sugar cookie mix, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 13 cup cocoa powder, plus 2 tablespoons for dusting board, 12 cup cake flour, plus 2 tablespoons for dusting board, 1 cream cheesecake, thawed, 1 pumpkin pie, baked, 34 cup heavy cream 14 cup for cheesecake filling 12 cup for pumpkin filling, 1 can pour and frost chocolate icing, Espresso coffee beans], title: PumpkinCheesecake Petits Fours, picturelink: idpWu2SKxE6RzFjKu44LlmBUUgwcxtC}, 26260: {instructions: On a gas range or under a broiler, roast the green, red and poblano peppers until well charred. Let cool. Stem and seed the charred peppers. Coarsely chop and set aside.nIn a spice grinder or with a mortar and pestle, finely grind the whole guajillo and pasilla chiles and set aside.nIn a large saucepan, warm the oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, covered, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the guajillo and pasilla chiles, cumin, chili powder, oregano, thyme, black pepper, salt and garlic. Stir and cook until the spices become fragrant and are fully coated in oil, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd the tomatoes, green chiles and sugar. Stir and continue to cook until the sauce starts to simmer. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and continue to cook until the vegetables soften and the flavors come together, 30 to 40 minutes. Taste and add additional salt and pepper as needed., ingredients: [1 green bell pepper, 1 red bell pepper, 1 poblano pepper, 1 dried guajillo chile, 1 dried pasilla chile, 3 tablespoons olive oil or vegetable oil, 3 medium Spanish onions, coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 6 to 8 garlic cloves, sliced, Two 28ounce cans chopped tomatoes, Two 6ounce cans chopped green chiles, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Ranchero Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26261: {instructions: For the pretzel crust: In a food processor, pulse the pretzels, sugar and butter together until nearly as fine as graham cracker crumbs.nLine a 9inch cake pan with parchment and press the pretzel crumbs into the base.nBake in a preheated 350degree oven for 10 minutes. Cool on a rack.nOnce cooled, scatter the caramel pieces over the top and set asidenFor the flourless chocolate cake: Adjust the oven to 425 degrees F.nMelt the chocolate and butter in a double boiler over medium heat.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the egg whites on mediumhigh speed until they reach medium peaks.nAdd the sugar and whip to stiff peaks. Add the egg yolks and whip for two minutes.nFold in the chocolate mixture in three stages, being careful not to deflate the batter.nPour the batter into the pretzel crust, and bake for 15 minutes. When done, the center should feel slightly bouncy, but an inserted cake tester should come out like a moist brownie batter.nAllow the cake to cool overnight before unmolding.nFor the spice blend: In a small bowl, mix together the cinnamon, ginger and star anise until well blended. Set aside.nFor the sauteed pears: In a saute pan over medium heat, saute the pears until slightly translucent.nAdd the sugar and 12 tablespoon of the spice blend, and cook until the pears are tender and their juices slightly thickened. Allow to cool before use.nFor the salted caramel sauce: In a large pot, combine the sugar, water, corn syrup and salt. Cook until the mixture acquires a nice amber color, indicating it has reached the caramel stage 325 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Remove from the heat.nGently heat the cream in the microwave, then add it slowly to the caramel be very carefulu00bfthe mixture will bubble up.nOnce all cream is added, stir in the butter. Taste and season with more salt if necessary. Let cool.nTo finish: Top the cake with sauteed pears and pour caramel over. Chill until the caramel sets.nServe with brandyflavored sweetened whipped cream., ingredients: [2 cups mini pretzels, 1 cup sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, melted, Pinch salt, 8 pieces dark chocolatecovered caramel candy, cut into quarters, 1 pound semisweet coverture chocolate pistoles, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, 4 egg whites, 3 tablespoons sugar, 6 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon star anise powder, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 large pears, cut into 12inch dice, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon French brandy, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 14 cup corn syrup, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, Sweetened whipped cream, flavored with a little brandy, for serving], title: PretzelCrusted Flourless Chocolate Cake with Sauteed Spiced Pears and Salted Caramel Sauce, picturelink: DWQGcCzJHmNnR8IjQdLZz2zh74kPgc2}, 26262: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nWash and core apples, leaving enough of the core at the base of the apple to contain the filling.nCombine the butter, brown sugar, cinnamon and chopped pecans in a small bowl. Roll log shapes of the mixture and press enough into each apple to fill the core.nFill a 2quart baking dish with about 34 cup water, or enough to cover the bottom. Place the apples upright in the dish. Bake until the apples are soft and the filling is browned, 1 hour., ingredients: [4 large baking apples, such as Honeycrisp, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, softened, 12 cup brown sugar, 34 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 cup chopped pecans], title: Baked Apples, picturelink: ZIbqJqU99yeQnvk3KPKlr2XUQUeSOHi}, 26263: {instructions: 1. Put a steamer basket in a large pot over 1inch of boiling salted water. Add the asparagus cover and steam until it is crisptender, 6 to 8 minutes.n2. In a small dish, stir together the mint, garlic, lemon zest and pepper flakes.n3. Brush the tilapia with 1 tablespoon oil season with salt and pepper to taste. Add 2 tilapia fillets to hot pan cook, turning once, until opaque throughout, 5 to 7 minutes total. Transfer to plates. Repeat with remaining tilapia.n4. Serve the tilapia with the asparagus garnish with gremolata mixture. Drizzle the asparagus and fish with olive oil, if desired., ingredients: [2 pounds thin, tender asparagus, trimmed, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped mint leaves, 1 small garlic clove, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 tilapia fillets about 1 pound total, halved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, plus 4 teaspoons oil for drizzling], title: Seared Tilapia with Asparagus and Spicy Mint Gremolata, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 26264: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the Italian seasoning, black pepper, paprika, salt, and cayenne. Season each piece of fish with the rub.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the butter and oil. Once the butter has melted, add the fish and cook about 2 minutes per side.nTransfer the whole pan to the oven and cook for another 4 to 6 minutes.nFor the sauce:nPlace the white wine into a medium saucepan and reduce by half. Add the heavy cream and allow to reduce. Add the blue cheese and whisk until smooth. Serve on top of the salmon., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 12 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, for frying, Four 6ounce portions skinless and boneless salmon fillets, 14 cup white wine, 12 cup heavy cream, 34 cup blue cheese crumbles], title: Blackened Salmon with Blue Cheese Sauce, picturelink: czs4OVDPjD3BKyaaQsGeqixy2Gk7RZe}, 26265: {instructions: Special equipment: Special Equipment: Mediummesh sieve Triple mesh sieve or a sifter Food processor to grind nuts, if using If unavailable, place nuts in a heavy plastic bag and run a rolling pin or wine bottle over them to crush evenly.nTo prepare chocolatepeanut butter mixture and chill: Heat cream with peanut butter in a 1quart heavy bottomed saucepan. Use a whisk to break up peanut butter so it melts evenly. Meanwhile, melt chocolate in the top of a double boiler over barely simmering water. When chocolate and peanut butter is smooth, combine with melted chocolate, using a whisk. Force through a mediummesh sieve into another bowl, using a rubber spatula. Stir in vanilla. Let cool, then cover and chill 2 to 4 hours or overnight.nTo up to shape truffles: Whisk powdered sugar and cocoa together, then sift into another bowl to combine thoroughly. Grind peanuts, if using, in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Line a large baking sheet or tray with waxed paper or 30 to 50 1inch paper candy cups yield will depend on the size of your scoop used to shape truffle.nTo shape truffles: If very chilled, let mixture sit out at room temperature for 20 minutes to soften slightly. Scoop out or spoon small portions of chilled filling and roll into a ball. If desired, push a Goober through the side, into center of round and roll to correct shape. Roll truffle in cocoa mixture or ground nuts and place in candy cups. Place in a decorative tin or gift box, separated by sheets of waxed paper or decorative foil. Keep chilled to maintain best flavor and texture., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream preferably not ultrapasteurized, 34 cup smooth peanut butter commercially prepared, 24 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup powdered sugar, Goobers for truffle center, optional, 12 cup Dutchprocessed unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 to 1 cup finely ground cocktail peanuts optional], title: ChocolatePeanut Butter Truffles, picturelink: null}, 26266: {instructions: In a kitchen towel over a medium bowl squeeze excess water out of grated potatoes and onion. Pour off water, reserving potato starch which has collected at the bottom of the bowl. To potato starch, add potato, onion, eggs, matzo meal and salt and pepper. Mix until incorporated. Heat an iron skillet until very hot and coat with a few teaspoons of vegetable oil. With a 14 measure, spoon potato mixture onto the skillet and fry them in batches of 2 or 3 until golden brown on both sides, turning once. Serve hot with sour cream or apple sauce., ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, grated fine, 1 medium to large onion, grated fine, 2 large eggs, beaten, 14 cup matzo meal, Salt and pepper, to taste, Vegetable oil, for frying, Sour cream and apple sauce, as accompaniments], title: Marc Silverstein Latkes, picturelink: null}, 26267: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet up a large pot with a steamer insert and steam the franks until warm, about 5 minutes. When the franks are almost done, place the buns on top of the franks to steam, 1 to 2 minutes. Place the franks in the buns and top each with some of the onions, 2 peppers, some Homemade Bread and Butter Relish and slather with mustard. To serve, top the franks with a handful of Hand Cut Fries with Celery Salt, wrap each frank in foil and let steam, 2 to 3 minutes, before eating. Eat on the towellined trunk of a car.nCombine the pickles, peppers and sugar in a bowl and mix well. Serve.nFill a 6quart heavy pot or Dutch oven twothirds of the way full with oil. Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until a deepfat thermometer registers 375 degrees F.nCut the potatoes lengthwise into 14inchthick sticks. Fry the potatoes in batches, until golden brown, 8 minutes per batch. Transfer the potatoes with a slotted spoon to a papertowellined baking sheet. Sprinkle with celery salt and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 natural casing allbeef franks, 4 fresh hot dog buns, 1 small white onion, finely chopped, 8 jarred sport pickled peppers or sub pickled hot peppers, Homemade Bread and Butter Relish, for serving, recipe follows, Yellow mustard, for slathering, Hand Cut Fries with Celery Salt, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup bread and butter pickles, finely diced, 1 tablespoon pickled cherry peppers, finely diced, 1 teaspoon sugar, Vegetable oil, 4 large russet potatoes, scrubbed, Celery salt, for sprinkling], title: ChicagoStyle Hot Dog with Homemade Relish, picturelink: .m8HYhpQhrgkYcmcQf2hYhvVi0SRQC}, 26268: {instructions: In medium bowl, combine avocado, lime juice, red pepper strips, parsley, garlic salt and pepper. Gently flake and fold in tuna. Fill each sandwich with 2 slices tomato, 14 avocado filling and 2 slices red onion. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ripe avocados, peeled, pitted and coarsely mashed, 2 Tablespoons fresh squeezed lime juice or lemon juice, 14 cup roasted red pepper strips, fresh or jarred, 2 Tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 5oz. drained can tuna, 8 slices hearty multigrain bread, 8 slices tomato slices, 8 slices red onions], title: Avocado Tuna Sandwich, picturelink: fTQL2D652PfOQMGOqSfyQuiXe2iCNU6}, 26269: {instructions: In a pot, combine the beets with the red wine vinegar and enough cold water to cover them by 2 inches. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer until tender, about 40 minutes. Drain the beets and let them cool. The beets may be cooked 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled. Peel the beets and cut them into 1inch wedges.nIn a small saucepan, combine zest, orange juice, sugar, and vinegar and boil the mixture until it is reduced to about 14 cup. Let the mixture cool.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the orange mixture, oil, and salt and pepper to form a smooth dressing. Add the beet slices, orange segments, and onion and mix until well combined. Let stand at room temperature, or refrigerate for up to 6 hours, to let the flavors come together. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with the parsley., ingredients: [4 pounds trimmed beets without tops, unpeeled, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 oranges, rind and pith cut free with a serrated knife and sections cut away from the membranes, 1 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest, 13 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup distilled vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 red onions, thinly sliced, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Draculas Beet and Orange Salad, picturelink: null}, 26270: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine ground ham, cream cheese, hot sauce and mustard until well blended. Roll into a ball and then roll in chopped peanuts. Garnish with cherry on top of ball. Serve on cheeseboard with crackers., ingredients: [8 ounces ground or finely chopped country ham, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 3 dashes hot pepper sauce, 3 pinches dry mustard powder, 8 ounces unsalted Virginia peanuts, finely chopped, 1 maraschino cherry half, Assorted crackers, for serving], title: Virginia Ham and Cheese Balls, picturelink: null}, 26271: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh.nFor the Cajun dry rub: Combine the salt, black pepper, chili powder, cumin, granulated onion, paprika and cayenne pepper in a small bowl.nFor the spicy peach bbq sauce: Drizzle the Anaheim chile with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until charred on all side, about 5 minutes total. Cool briefly, and then remove the stem and chop.nPut the bacon, onion and garlic in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is translucent and the bacon is slightly caramelized, about 5 minutes. Stir in the peach preserves and Anaheim chile, then stir in the barbecue sauce, molasses, rum, cider vinegar, Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon black pepper. Bring the sauce to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until the sauce is slightly reduced and thickened, about 10 minutes. Cool put the sauce into a blender and puree until smooth. Divide the sauce among 2 bowls, reserve one for serving.nFor the prawns: Line a serving platter with the arugula. Drizzle the prawns with the oil and dust with the Cajun dry rub on all sides. Grill until charred on the first side, about 3 minutes. Flip the prawns, baste with some of the spicy peach bbq sauce, and cook until the prawns are charred on the second side, about 2 more minutes. Baste, flip, baste again, and pull off the grill.nPut the shrimp on top of the arugula and serve immediately with the reserved bowl of spicy peach bbq sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 12 tablespoons freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 Anaheim chile, Canola oil, for grilling the chile, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices bacon, cut into 14inch pieces, 1 small sweet onion, cut into 14inch pieces, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 cup peach preserves, 12 store boughtbarbecue sauce, 12 cup molasses, 14 cup spiced rum, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces baby arugula, 2 pounds U10 prawns, shells on, deveined, 14 cup canola oil], title: Cajun BBQ Prawns, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 26272: {instructions: Cooks note: this amount of sauce makes enough for 3 pasta meals and enough for 4 Quick Fix dinners based on pasta puttanesca. If you are only making this recipe, the extra sauce can be frozen for up to 3 months.nCook pasta according to package directions. Drain, transfer to a large bowl and cover with foil to keep warm.nMeanwhile, heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and saute 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, olives, capers, anchovy paste, salt, and red pepper flakes and stir to combine. Add the wine and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes.nPour 2 cups of mixture over pasta and toss to combine. Top with Parmesan. Refrigerate or freeze remaining sauce until ready to use., ingredients: [1 pound uncooked rotelle pasta or any spiral shape, Puttanesca Sauce:, 2 teaspoons olive or vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 1 cup pitted Greek kalamata olives, halved, 3 tablespoons drained capers, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup red wine, optiona, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Pasta Puttanesca, picturelink: 2AQq9eADGM2jAOpUi97ehtQMSlureTS}, 26273: {instructions: Tempering Chocolate: Tempering is important because it determines the final gloss, hardness, and contraction of the chocolate. When you melt chocolate, the molecules of fat separate. In order to put them back together, you temper it. There are a variety of ways to do it.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The chocolate should be only slightly warmer than your bottom lip, and it will retain its shape even when mostly melted. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. You can also use an immersion blender to break up the lumps and start the recrystallization process. Usually, the chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. I like to use a glass bowl because it retains the heat and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, tempering is achieved by adding small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate but is usually 14 of the total amount. I usually use an immersion blender to mix them together., ingredients: [], title: How to Temper Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 26274: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Make the salsa verde: Pulse 1 34 cups cilantro, the scallions, lime juice, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and a large pinch each of salt and pepper in a food processor until slightly chunky. With the motor running, pour in the olive oil and puree until combined, scraping down the sides of the processor as needed. Season with more salt and pepper.nPoke the steak all over with a fork to tenderize it, then cut into 1inch cubes toss with 2 tablespoons of the salsa verde and season with salt and pepper. Thread onto eight metal skewers, finishing each skewer with a lime wedge set aside.nTear off a 16inch piece of foil. Place 1 tortilla on the left side of the foil top with the cheese and the remaining 14 cup cilantro, then sandwich with the other tortilla. Fold the right side of the foil over and seal the edges to form a packet.nBrush the grill grates with olive oil. Grill the kebabs, turning occasionally, 4 to 6 minutes for medium rare. Transfer to a plate and let rest. Meanwhile, grill the quesadilla until the cheese melts, about 2 minutes per side unwrap and cut into wedges. Serve the kebabs in the lettuce leaves with the remaining salsa verde, the quesadilla wedges and mango slices.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [2 cups fresh cilantro leaves and tender stems, 3 scallions, 2 limes 1 juiced, 1 cut into 8 wedges, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the grill, 1 14 pounds beef tritip steak, 2 burritosize flour tortillas, 1 12 cups shredded pepper jack cheese about 6 ounces, 16 small romaine lettuce leaves, 1 mango, peeled, pitted and sliced], title: Steak Kebabs with Quesadillas, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 26275: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly butter a 3quart baking dish. Place the celery root, potatoes, and fennel in a large bowl and toss well.nIn a large measuring cup, combine the flour, salt, and pepper. Whisk in the milk.nLayer 13 of the vegetables in the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle with 13 of the cheese. Repeat layering, reserving the last 13 of the cheese.nPour the milk mixture over all, pressing the vegetables to coat them. Sprinkle the remaining cheese on top. Bake for 1 hour, or until the vegetables are very tender., ingredients: [1 large celery root, about 1 pound, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 fennel bulbs, thinly sliced, 12 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart milk, 12 ounces Gruyere or Swiss cheese, shredded 3 cups], title: Celery Root Fennel Gratin with Gruyere, picturelink: null}, 26276: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, make a paste with garlic, shallots, salt, pepper and enough of the canola oil to bind the paste about 14 cup. Place the beef in a roasting pan and rub paste onto meat. Roast in oven for about 1 12 hours, or until an instantread thermometer registers an internal temperature of 120 degrees F. Arrange the oven racks so you will have room for the potatoes and asparagus to follow.nWhile roast is in oven, prepare demiglace by melting the butter over medium heat in a medium saucepan and sauteing the onion until tender. Whisk in flour with a fork to make a roux, then add red wine and veal stock. Let simmer over medium heat for about 1 hour, until reduced by 13, stirring occasionally. In a large bowl, coat potatoes with about 12 cup of the remaining canola oil and toss with salt, pepper, fresh thyme, and fresh rosemary.nWhen the roast has been cooking for about 1 hour, place the potatoes in a baking pan and put into the oven. Place the asparagus in a single layer on another baking pan. When the potatoes have been roasting for 30 minutes, drain the oil and herbs from the potatoes and pour over the asparagus. Remove the roast, if done, and allow to rest for about 15 minutes. Return the potatoes to the oven, along with the asparagus. Roast the vegetables until tender, about another 15 minutes while the rib roast is resting. To finish the demiglace, whisk butter into the warm reduction until combined. Slice the rib roast and arrange on a large platter. Arrange the potatoes and asparagus around the meat, drizzling demiglace sauce on the meat., ingredients: [2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup canola oil approximately, 1 5 pound beef rib roast, with bones, 14 cup butter, 1 small onion finely chopped, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup red wine, 2 cups veal stock, 3 pounds potatoes with skin on, cut into quarters, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 bunches asparagus, tough ends removed], title: Rib Roast with Red Wine DemiGlace and Roasted White Potatoes and Asparagus, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 26277: {instructions: Salt the chops and let sit outside the refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes to allow them to come to room temperature.nAdd the bacon and 1 teaspoon oil to a saute pan and place over mediumhigh heat. Once the bacon starts to render, add the grapes. Allow the bacon to render and get crispy and the grapes to split open and release their juices. Remove half of the grapes and bacon and set aside. Add the port wine and red wine vinegar and reduce by half. Add the chicken stock and reduce by half.nTo a castiron pan, add 2 tablespoons olive oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the seasoned pork chops to the pan and sear. Cook the pork for 6 to 7 minutes on the first side. Flip over and reduce the heat. Cook for another 6 to 7 minutes until cooked through. Flip and cook the pork on the remaining sides for another 2 to 3 minutes each side. Remove the pork from the pan and allow it to rest for about 5 minutes prior to serving.nWhen ready to serve, add in the reserved grapes and bacon to the sauce. Taste and reseason if needed. Pour over the chops and garnish with chives., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 pork chops, bone out, 1 12 inches thick, 1 strip bacon, cut into lardons, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup seedless red grapes, 14 cup port wine, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 34 cup chicken stock, Chopped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Seared Pork Chops with Grape Sauce, picturelink: 0ca57r2n4a1Zipk9whZXYtczLHQnqZy}, 26278: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 50inchwide roll butcher paper 2 1inchthick pieces white foam, 12 inches wider and 10 inches longer than the child available at crafts stores Masking tape 1 can red or maroon spray paint Hotglue gun and sticksnHave the child lie on butcher paper. Trace a rectangle around the child thats 6 inches wider than the shoulders on each side and runs lengthwise from below the knees to 13 inches higher than the top of the head. Trace around the childs head for the face opening. Using scissors, cut out the pattern and trace the shape onto two pieces of white foam, then cut the foam shapes. Cut a face opening on one piece of foam. Create red and white stripes on each piece of foam: Cut and tape down butcher paper to cover the areas you want to remain white, making curved stripes to resemble bacon. Apply red spray paint to the exposed foam. Dry overnight, then remove the paper. Hotglue the two pieces of foam together, along the top and sides only allow 10 inches for armholes and leave the portion from the knees down unglued. Dry for 1 hour before wearing., ingredients: [], title: Bacon Costume, picturelink: null}, 26279: {instructions: Prepare the grill for cooking over direct heat with mediumhot charcoal.nLightly oil the grill rack and grill the T Bones, turning over once, until cooked to desired doneness, approximately 6 to 9 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and cumin. Baste with pork stock. Transfer to a clean platter and let stand for 5 minutes. Serve with Grapefruit Emulsion, Roasted Beets, and Fennel Mashed Potatoes.nRoast all the bones and vegetables in a 400 degree F oven for approximately 20 minutes, or until brown.nRemove the bones from the roasting pan, discard the grease, and deglaze with the wine. Combine all ingredients in large stock pot except for salt and pepper. Skim the impurities from the top of the stock, as needed. Cook at a simmer for 6 to 8 hours. Strain and reduce to desired thickness. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat the grapefruit juice in a small saucepan over medium heat for 2 minutes. Stir in the lecithin and soy milk. Add the 34 cup stock, sour cream, and salt. Bring to a simmer. Froth the sauce with a hand blender. Season with additional salt, if needed.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace the beets, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt, and 18 teaspoon pepper in a roasting pan and cook until the beets are tender, about 40 minutes. When they are cool enough to handle, remove the skins and slice the beets.nPlace the beets in a small pot reheat with the remaining olive oil, orange juice, cardamom, 14 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper.nHeat the oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the sliced fennel bulb, crushed fennel seeds, and garlic, stir to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until the fennel is tender but not brown, stirring often. Remove the pan from the heat and deglaze with Pernod. Add heavy cream and puree the mixture. Strain and let steep about 20 minutes.nPlace the potatoes in a large saucepan. Cover with cold water and bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium and boil until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Drain. Return potatoes to pan cook over medium heat until no liquid remains. Mash potatoes.nAdd fennel mixture and butter to potatoes and mix until creamy. Season with salt and pepper. Add spinach puree just before serving, adding color to the dish but not to overpower the fennel., ingredients: [4 12 to 34inchthick T Bones about 2 pounds total, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Pork Stock, recipe follows, Grapefruit Emulsion, recipe follows, Roasted Beets, recipe follows, Fennel Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound pork bones, 2 roasted pig ears, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 onion, 1 carrot, 1 rib celery, 1 bulb garlic, 1 tomato, 2 bay leaves, 2 cups red wine, 1 gallon water, Salt and pepper, 1 cup fresh grapefruit juice, 1 tablespoon lecithin found in health food stores, 12 cup soy milk, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon sour cream, Kosher salt, 1 12 to 1 34 pounds beets, trimmed and halved, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup orange juice, 2 green cardamom pods, 2 tablespoons cooking oil, 1 fennel bulb, trimmed, quartered, cored, thinly sliced crosswise, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, toasted and crushed, 1 clove garlic, Salt and white pepper, 14 cup Pernod, 1 cup or more heavy cream, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 tablespoons 14 stick butter, 1 cup spinach puree], title: Wood Grilled Boneless Pork T Bone, picturelink: null}, 26280: {instructions: Stir together the garlic, chiles, oregano and oil in a large baking dish. Add the steaks and turn to coat in the marinade. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 8 hours.nHeat grill to high. Remove the steaks from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling to take the chill off. Remove from the marinade and season liberally on both sides with salt and pepper. Grill the steaks on both sides until golden brown and slightly charred and cooked to mediumrare and an instantread thermometer registers 130 degrees F. Remove from the grill to a cutting board and let rest, loosely tented with foil, for 10 minutes. Slice into 12inch thick slices and serve., ingredients: [8 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 Anaheim chiles, stems removed, sliced with seed and coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped oregano leaves, 12 cup canola oil, 3 1inch thick bonein ribeye, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper], title: RibEye Marinated in Garlic, Anaheim Chiles and Fresh Oregano, picturelink: null}, 26281: {instructions: Make the rolls: Butter a 9by13inch baking dish. Whisk the sugar and cinnamon in a bowl. On a floured surface, roll out the dough into a 10by18inch rectangle. Spread the butter over the dough, leaving a 1inch border on one of the long sides. Top with the cinnamon sugar. Brush the clean border with water. Tightly roll the dough into an 18inch log, rolling toward the clean border pinch the seam to seal.nSlip a long taut piece of thread or unflavored floss under the roll, about 1 12 inches from the end. Lift the ends of the thread and cross over the roll, pulling tightly to cut off a piece. Repeat, cutting every 1 12 inches, to make 12 rolls. Place the rolls in the prepared baking dish.nCover the rolls loosely with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour, 10 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Uncover the rolls and bake until they spring back when pressed, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes in the pan. You can freeze the baked rolls for up to 2 weeks. Cool completely before freezing, then thaw, warm up and glaze before serving.nMake the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar, melted butter, milk, vanilla and salt in a bowl until smooth. Drizzle over the warm rolls.nWarm 12 cup water and the milk in a saucepan over low heat until a thermometer registers 100 degrees F to 110 degrees F. Remove from the heat and sprinkle the yeast on top, then sprinkle with a pinch of the sugar set aside, undisturbed, until foamy, about 5 minutes.nWhisk the melted butter, egg yolk and vanilla into the yeast mixture until combined. In a large bowl, whisk the flour, the remaining sugar, the salt and nutmeg. Make a well in the center, then add the yeast mixture and stir with a wooden spoon to make a thick and slightly sticky dough. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead until soft and elastic, about 6 minutes. Shape into a ball.nBrush a large bowl with butter. Add the dough, turning to coat lightly with the butter. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise at room temperature until the dough is doubled in size, about 1 hour, 15 minutes.nTurn the dough out of the bowl and knead briefly to release excess air reform into a ball and return to the bowl. Lightly butter a large piece of plastic wrap and lay it directly on the surface of the dough. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pan, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 batch Basic SweetRoll Dough, recipe follows, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 12 cup whole milk, 1 14 ounce packet active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 14 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, plus more for brushing, 1 large egg yolk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg optional], title: Classic Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: VazNixTLX9ZGlYTtXSqWcj5cmIArSO}, 26282: {instructions: Put the 12 cup quartered figs into a small saucepan along with the red wine and thyme. Let the mixture simmer over low heat for 15 minutes. Drain the figs, discard the thyme and wine and set the figs aside to cool.nPut the cream cheese and butter into the bowl of a standing mixer and, using the paddle attachment, cream the mixture on medium until well blended, about 1 minute. Add the Gorgonzola, brandy and salt and beat 1 more minute. Take care not to overbeat or it wont set properly.nSpray a 1 quart loaf pan with cooking spray and line the inside with plastic wrap. Spoon half of the cheese mixture into the pan and spread it evenly, making sure to get into the corners. Scatter the figs, pecans and chopped parsley on top evenly and cover with the remaining cheese. Give the pan a few sharp raps on a flat surface to settle the terrine, cover the top with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 6 hours.nTo remove the terrine from the pan, turn upside down on a flat surface and pull 1 end of the plastic wrap down. The terrine will slip out of the pan onto the top piece of plastic wrap. Slice and fan out on a platter garnished with greens. Garnish with the remaining 12 cup of figs, pecans and thyme. Serve with crackers., ingredients: [12 cup dried Mission figs, quartered, plus 12 cup for garnish, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 sprig fresh thyme, plus 1 bunch for garnish, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 sticks butter, at room temperature, 8 ounces crumbled gorgonzola, 2 tablespoons brandy, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup toasted pecan pieces, plus 12 cup for garnish, 2 tablespoons flat leaf parsley, chopped, Mesclun and frisee greens, for garnishing], title: Gorgonzola, Fig and Pecan Cheese Terrine, picturelink: null}, 26283: {instructions: Combine the marinade ingredients in a medium sized bowl, and soak the flank steak in the marinade for 1 hour.nIn a hot wok over the highest heat, add 3 tablespoons of the oil and black bean sauce. Using the Chinese ladle, spread the bean sauce in the wok until nice roasted smell comes out. Add the beef and stirfry for 2 minutes. Do not over cook Remove the beef and set aside.nTo the wok, add the remaining 3 tablespoons oil, the peppers, and the crushed garlic. Add the boiled noodles and the marinade for the beef and cook for 2 minutes. Add the bok choy and cook until wilted. Add the reserved beef and toss until heated through. Serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons mirin, 6 tablespoons water, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 teaspoon dried chili peppers, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh lemongrass, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons chopped green onion, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, 12 pound flank steak, cut into 12inch thick slices against the grain, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons Chinese black bean sauce, 1 green pepper, stemmed, cored, and julienned, 1 yellow pepper, stemmed, cored, and julienned, 1 red pepper, stemmed, cored, and julienned, Crushed garlic, in the skin, I pack dry Chinese curly egg noodles, boiled according to the package directions, 1 small bok choy cut into 12inch slices], title: Asian Flank Steak with Fried Chinese Noodles with Peppers, picturelink: null}, 26284: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly mist an 8inch square baking dish with cooking spray.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat add the onion, garlic and sausage. Cook, breaking up the sausage with a spoon, until the onion is tender, about 10 minutes. Add the celery and fennel cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl.nToss the vegetable mixture with the pear, herbs, reserved fennel fronds, walnuts and cornbread season with salt and pepper. Gently toss the stuffing mixture with 12 cup broth to moisten adding more to moisten if needed transfer to the prepared baking dish. Lightly mist a piece of foil large enough to cover the dish. Pour 12 cup broth over the stuffing and cover with the foil.nBake for 30 minutes. Uncover the stuffing and bake until golden around edges, about 30 minutes more.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly mist an 8 by 8inch baking pan with cooking spray. In a medium bowl, stir together the egg white, water and buttermilk stir in the muffin mix and wheat germ until incorporated. Pour into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center tests clean, 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, sliced, 6 ounces about 2 links Italian turkey sausage, removed from casing, 3 celery stalks, thinly sliced on diagonal, 1 bulb fennel, cored, quartered and sliced crosswise, plus 14 cup chopped fronds, 1 medium Bosc pear, cored and chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs, such as rosemary, sage and thyme, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 1 recipe Quick and Healthy Cornbread, cooled and coarsely crumbled, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 1 12 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 large egg white, 12 cup water, 14 cup buttermilk, 1 8.5 ounce box corn muffin mix, 14 cup toasted wheat germ], title: Sausage and Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 26285: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook pasta according to package directions. Drain and set aside.nMeanwhile: heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add prosciutto and saute 1 to 2 minutes. Add leeks and saute 3 to 5 minutes, until tender. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Add chicken broth and cooked pasta and simmer 2 minutes to heat through. Remove from heat and sprinkle goat cheese over top just before serving., ingredients: [12 ounces capellini pasta, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 cup diced prosciutto, 4 leeks, rinsed and chopped, Salt and ground black pepper, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese], title: Sauteed Leeks with Prosciutto and Goat Cheese over Capellini, picturelink: 0l4B8RwU3vGqiphyA7QEBjRUdwENHnW}, 26286: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly spray a 6cup muffin tin with nonstick cooking spray.nPlace the thawed hash browns in a large bowl. Add the butter, thyme, 2 egg whites, chopped provolone and 12 teaspoon salt. Whisk thoroughly to combine. Evenly divide the potato mixture among the prepared muffin cups. Firmly press the potatoes into the bottoms and up the sides of each cup. Bake until golden brown and crispy, 15 to 18 minutes.nPlace the zucchini rounds into the bottoms of each baked cup. Cover each with 2 pieces of provolone. Bake until the zucchini is softened and the provolone melts, an additional 3 minutes. Let cool slightly.nCrack a whole egg into a small bowl, then add it to the top of a baked cup. Repeat with the remaining eggs. Top each cup with mushroom slices. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and bake until the egg whites are set and the yolks are still runny, 12 minutes more. Loosen from cups with a small knife and serve immediately., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 pound frozen shredded hash browns, thawed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 6 large eggs plus 2 large egg whites, 6 slices provolone, 3 slices roughly chopped, 3 slices quartered, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 zucchini, sliced into 14inch rounds about 12 cup, 12 cup button mushrooms, thinly sliced], title: Cheesy Breakfast Cups, picturelink: null}, 26287: {instructions: Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a rolling boil. Add the beans and cook until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Toss with 3 tablespoons olive oil and 1 12 teaspoons salt. Cool, uncovered.nFinely grate the zest of 1 lemon combine with the shallots in another large bowl. Squeeze the juice from both lemons on top. Add the mushrooms and toss with 1 tablespoon salt. Set aside.nToast the walnuts in a dry skillet over medium heat until golden and fragrant. Sprinkle with the sugar and a pinch of salt and cook until the sugar melts, about 3 more minutes. Remove from the heat and cool.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the mushrooms and gently combine with the beans, parsley and half the nuts. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter and sprinkle the remaining nuts on top.nPhotograph by Anita Calero, ingredients: [1 12 pounds haricots verts or tender green beans, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 2 lemons, 2 large shallots, sliced, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, very thinly sliced, 1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Green Bean and Mushroom Salad, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 26288: {instructions: Mix together the soy sauce, ginger, sugar, garlic, jalapenos and cilantro in a large container. Submerge the ducks in the marinade and marinate in the refrigerator for 72 hours.nPreheat charcoal embers in a gas grill, or prepare an electric grill for indirectlow heat. Remove the ducks from the marinade and spear with metal churrasco swords or large metal skewers. Cook over embers, turning frequently, for 4 hours., ingredients: [1 12 gallons soy sauce, 1 12 pounds ginger, cleaned, julienned and diced, 4 cups brown sugar, 20 medium cloves garlic, sliced, 10 slices jalapeno, 1 12 bunches fresh cilantro, julienned not chopped, Two 7pound ducks], title: Whole Duck Marinated in Soy SauceCilantroGingerJalapenoGarlic and Brown Sugar, picturelink: null}, 26289: {instructions: Stem and peel the persimmons, discard any seeds, and cut each persimmon into 8 wedges. In a saucepan combine the persimmons, wine, orange juice, sugar, gingerroot, and cinnamon, bring the liquid to a boil, stirring occasionally, and simmer the mixture, covered, for 15 minutes, or until the persimmons are tender. Transfer the persimmons with a slotted spoon to a bowl, boil the syrup until it is reduced to about 12 cup, and pour it over the persimmons. The persimmons may be served warm or chilled over ice cream, rice pudding, or bread pudding., ingredients: [6 firmripe Fuyu persimmons about 1 12 pounds, 12 cup dry white wine, 34 cup strained fresh orange, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh gingerroot, 14 teaspoon cinnamon], title: California Poached Persimmons, picturelink: null}, 26290: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F degrees. Line two 2 dozen minicupcake pans with cupcake metallic or paper liners and spray with oil spray.nFor the crust: In a food processor fitted with the blade attachment, add the cherries, sugar, cookies and butter. Then pulse until its a paste that sticks when pinched with your fingers. Press 1 tablespoon of the crust into the prepared pans.nFor the cupcakes: Sift the granulated sugar, flour, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder and salt into the bowl of an upright mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. In another bowl, combine the buttermilk, oil blend, extracts and eggs with a whisk until fully combined. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the wet ingredients to the dry until fully combined. With the mixer still on low, slowly add the espresso and stir just to incorporate, scraping the bowl with a rubber spatula.nUsing small ice cream scoop, fill the prepared pans threequarters of the way full with batter. Drop 1 cherry drained of its juice into the center of each cupcake. Bake and cool the cupcakes completely the metallic liners bake for 11 minutes and the paper liners bake for 9 minutes.nFor the frosting: To melt the chocolate, place it in a double boiler over simmering water on low heat for 5 to 10 minutes. Stir occasionally until completely smooth and no pieces of chocolate remain. Remove from the heat and let cool until lukewarm, 5 to 15 minutes.nIn a large bowl, beat the butter until creamy with an electric hand mixer on medium speed, about 3 minutes. Add the sour cream, vanilla and confectioners sugar, and beat until smooth. Add the melted cooled chocolate and beat until creamy and of a desired consistency. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a small round tip and reserve for assembly.nFor the chocolate pieces: Melt the chocolate in a double boiler as above. Line molds on a sheet tray. Using a spoon, fill the molds to the brim with chocolate. Place in the freezer and leave for 3 minutes. When you take them out, turn your mold gently over a sheet tray. The chocolates should come out without too much trouble, but if you find them getting stuck, tap the mold firmly against the counter or flex the mold a little, and that should free them. Transfer edible ink that reads priceless by pressing the words lightly on the chocolate to adhere. Finish by painting a thin layer of gold dust on the edges of the priceless tag.nTo assemble: Generously frost the top of each cupcake with the chocolate sour cream frosting. Adorn with priceless tags and sprinkle with chocolate metallic pearls., ingredients: [Nonstick oil spray, 1 cup dried cherries, 13 cup sugar, One 8.8ounce package shortbread cookies, 12 stick softened butter, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup extrabrute cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, shaken, 12 cup heart healthy olive oil blend, such as Smart Balance, 1 teaspoon natural cherry extract, 1 teaspoon Madagascar vanilla extract, 2 eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup espresso 2 teaspoons espresso powder mixed into 1 cup cold water, One 21ounce jar Amarena cherries in syrup, 1 cup milk chocolate, 2 sticks salted butter, chilled, 14 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 1 cup dark chocolate for candy making, Edible ink, 1 ounce gold dust, 1 cup assorted metallic chocolate pearls], title: Priceless Cupcakes, picturelink: zC09g99iCxievmMjRWTUrs.ZxVBwdO}, 26291: {instructions: Bring the wine and 8 cups water to a boil in a large pasta pot. Add the orecchiette and cook according to the package instructions. Drain, reserving some of the cooking liquid.nAs the pasta cooks, heat a large saute pan over medium heat and brown the pancetta. Remove from the pan with a slotted spoon, leaving the fat behind. Add the shallots and cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the pancetta back to the pan as well as the mascarpone and 14 cup of the reserved pasta cooking liquid waterwine mixture. Stir to combine into a sauce, then mix in the cooked orecchiette season with salt and pepper. Garnish with the thyme leaves if using., ingredients: [1 bottle red wine, such as Chianti, 1 pound orecchiette pasta, 3 ounces pancetta, diced, 14 cup chopped shallots about 2 shallots, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, for garnish, optional], title: Drunken Red Wine Pasta, picturelink: nuj8zhFmH2vigmBMLlEus93a4AsMN6}, 26292: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the egg whites, sesame oil, and 1 tablespoon of the cornstarch until foamy season with salt and pepper. Add the beef and chives, toss to coat in the marinade and stick it in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nPour the peanut oil in a large skillet or wok and place over high heat. When the oil is smoking hot, add 12 of the beef. If you fry all the meat at once the oil temperature will drop and the beef will stew instead of crisp. Fry for 2 minutes then remove to a paper towel to drain repeat with the remaining beef. Very carefully drain all but 2 tablespoons of the hot oil into a safe container.nStirfry the ginger, garlic, green onions, and chile in the remaining oil until they perfume. Add the green beans season with salt and pepper. Stirfry the beans for 2 minutes until crisptender remove from the pan. Mix the chicken broth with the remaining tablespoon of cornstarch to make a slurry and add it to the pan. Add the soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, peanut butter, and orange peel. Simmer until the sauce is thick, about 5 minutes. Return the beef and green beans to the pan, tossing to coat in the sauce. Garnish with chopped peanuts and serve with rice., ingredients: [2 large egg whites, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound boneless beef top round, sliced paperthin against the grain, 8 fresh chives, minced, 12 cup peanut oil, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 green onions, white and green parts, chopped, 1 dried red chile, 34 pound green beans, halved on the bias, 12 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 2 strips orange peel, 14 cup roasted peanuts, chopped], title: StirFried Beef with Green Beans and Peanut Sauce, picturelink: bKvJ4RCuqsxISYpNXQpgAeFlRloZFi6}, 26293: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a minicupcake pan with 36 mini liners.nIn a heavyduty mixing bowl, mix together all the dry ingredients. Once thoroughly mixed, add all the wet ingredients except the boiling water. Once all mixed together, slowly add the boiling water.nFor the cherry filling: Put all the ingredients in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil and boil for 1 minute. When the filling is done, it should be thick like marmalade.nFor the cream cheese filling: In a small bowl, whip the cream cheese with a hand mixer until fluffy. Add all the other ingredients until completely combined. Cool in the fridge until ready for use.nTo assemble: Fill the cupcake liners twothirds of the way with the batter. Spoon 1 teaspoon cream cheese filling and 1 teaspoon cherry filling on top. Bake until the cake bounces back after you touch it, about 22 minutes. When the cupcakes are done, remove from the pan and place onto a tray to cool.nWhip the nondairy whipping cream in a heavyduty mixing bowl with a whisk attachment until stiff peaks form. Place the whipped cream in a pastry bag and, when the cupcakes are completely cooled, pipe a generous amount of frosting on top. Garnish with chocolate shavings and maraschino cherries., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 1 cup boiling water, 1 can pitted tart red cherries, 34 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons kirsch liqueur, 2 tablespoons red food coloring, 16 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 ounces sugar, 2 large eggs, 3 cups nondairy whipping cream, Thin chocolate shavings, for garnish, Maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: Black Forest Cake with Whipped Cream Frosting, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 26294: {instructions: Serving suggestion: vanilla ice cream and raspberries.nSoak the raisins in cold water for 1 hour. Drain and dry.nIn a casserole dish, add the apples, raisins, sugar, and wine. Heat mixture until it turns to a marmalade consistency. Remove from heat source and add the apricot marmalade. Mix together and let the mixture cool.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll the dough disks on a lightly floured board. Place the larger disk in a buttered 8inch pie pan.nBake for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and let it cool.nPour the apple mixture into the crust, and cover it with the remaining pie dough. Pinch the crust closed and brush the top of the pie with egg.nBake until pie turns golden brown, about 40 to 50 minutes.nOn a board, pour flour and create a hole in the center. Add the butter in the center. Using your fingertips, quickly mix the butter and flour. After, add the sugar, egg yolks, and lemon zest, and quickly work it all together with the palms of your hands. Form the mixture into 2 disks, 1 a little larger than the other, wrap them in a cloth and refrigerate for 1 hour., ingredients: [2 ounces white raisins, 38 ounces apples, peeled and sliced thinly, 4 ounces sugar, 12 ounces dry white wine, 1 tablespoon apricot marmalade, Pie Crust, recipe follows, 1 egg, lightly beaten, for brushing pie top, 10 ounces allpurpose flour, 5 ounces butter, cut into small pieces, 5 ounces sugar, 2 egg yolks, 12 lemon, zested], title: Charlotte Di Mele Alla Milanese, picturelink: null}, 26295: {instructions: Place a pizza stone or inverted rimmed baking sheet on the lower oven rack and preheat to 500 degrees F. Make the potatoes: Combine the potatoes, garlic, sliced fennel and fennel fronds in a large pot of salted water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium cook until the potatoes are very tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and return to the pot. Add the olive oil and mash until almost smooth. Stir in 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper set aside.nAssemble the pizza: Keep the prebaked crust on the baking sheet. Scatter the taleggio and potato mixture over the crust, spreading the potato mixture slightly. Scatter the sliced fennel on top, sprinkle with the parmesan and drizzle with the olive oil. Transfer the baking sheet to the hot pizza stone and bake until the cheese melts and the crust is golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and season with salt and pepper.nCombine the flour, salt and yeast in a large bowl. Stir in 2 cups warm water about 105 degrees F and 2 tablespoons olive oil with a wooden spoon until a shaggy dough forms. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until the dough rises slightly, about 1 hour.nUsing lightly floured hands, transfer the dough to a generously floured surface and knead several times until it just starts becoming smooth and elastic, about 1 minute do not overknead. Transfer to a lightly oiled large bowl. Tightly cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until almost doubled in size, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, place a pizza stone or inverted rimmed baking sheet on the lower oven rack and preheat to 500 degrees F.nBrush two rimmed 13by18inch baking sheets not nonstick with 3 tablespoons olive oil each. Place one piece of dough on each baking sheet. Prepare the pizzas one at a time: Cover the dough with plastic wrap, then press firmly with your hands to fill the baking.nRemove the plastic wrap and transfer the baking sheet to the hot pizza stone. Bake until the crust starts browning, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and carefully loosen the crust from the pan using a spatula. Top and bake or let cool, lightly wrap in plastic and set aside up to 8 hours.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [2 medium russet potatoes about 1 pound, quartered, 1 clove garlic, 12 small bulb fennel, cored and thinly sliced, plus 2 tablespoons chopped fronds, Kosher salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground pepper, For the pizza:, 1 Prebaked Pizza Crust, recipe follows, 6 ounces taleggio cheese, rind removed, thinly sliced, 12 small fennel bulb, cored and thinly sliced, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon rapidrise instant yeast, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowl], title: PotatoFennel Pizza with Taleggio, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 26296: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a medium sauce pan with a tight fitting lid, and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to maintain a gentle simmer, cover, and cook for 50 minutes. Please dont lift the lid to give a peek or stir or the rice will not cook evenly.nRemove pan from the heat and let the rice sit, covered, for 10 minutes{once again, no peeking. Fluff with a fork and serve.nOver mediumhigh heat, let the water steam the vegetables until warmed through, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir into hot rice just after fluffing it with a fork., ingredients: [1 cup short grain brown rice, 2 cups water or vegetable broth, canned or homemade, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 2inch strip lemon or orange zest, Kosher salt], title: Simple ShortGrain Brown Rice, picturelink: null}, 26297: {instructions: In a saucepan combine the cranberries, 1 cup of the sugar, and the nutmeg, cook the mixture over moderately high heat, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved, and boil it, covered, for 3 minutes. Simmer the mixture, uncovered, stirring, for 3 minutes and let it cool.nInto a bowl sift together the flour, the baking powder, the remaining 14 cup sugar, and salt. In another bowl whisk together the egg, butter and milk, add the mixture to the flour mixture, and stir the batter until it is just combined. Divide the cranberry mixture among 12 wellbuttered 12cup muffin tins, top it with the batter, and bake the muffins in the middle of a preheated 400 degree F oven for 25 minutes, or until they are golden. Let the muffins cool in the tins for 2 minutes and invert them onto a rack., ingredients: [2 cups cranberries, picked over and rinsed, 1 14 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon doubleacting baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon grated orange rind, 1 large egg, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 cup milk], title: Cranberry UpsideDown Muffins, picturelink: null}, 26298: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium pot, cover with cold water and salt generously. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until forktender, 20 to 30 minutes. Drain the potatoes, reserving 14 cup cooking water. Return the potatoes to the pot and let dry in the stillhot pot, about 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan set over low heat, melt the butter. Stir in the halfandhalf.nAdd the butter mixture and cream cheese to the potatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Smash with a potato masher or large fork. If the potatoes seem too thick, add some of the reserved cooking water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Taste and add more salt and pepper, if needed. Serve warm.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [34 pound small Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup halfandhalf, 2 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, Cracked black pepper], title: Cheesy Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: DFyyg1hVMJ2APJS1fmgK3LDVPW2GynC}, 26299: {instructions: Mash tuna with finely chopped shallot, rosemary and black pepper. Quarter the sliced cheese. Build mini sammies of bread, cheese, tuna, cheese, bread. Melt butter in skillet over medium heat. Grill sandwiches on both sides until golden. Remove from skillet and serve., ingredients: [Italian tuna in olive oil, lightly drained, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 1 large sprig rosemary, leaves stripped and finely chopped, Black pepper, 4 slices provolone cheese, deli sliced, 16 rounds sliced sesame baguette, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Tuna Mini Melts with Rosemary, picturelink: oG0GuR7SzGG.zT6wv.9ELMj.eLwOGW}, 26300: {instructions: In a large pot heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook for 5 minutes or until translucent. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Pour in the plum tomatoes and stir to combine. Add oregano, basil, sugar and salt and pepper and mix well. Bring to a simmer and cook for 2530 minutes. Remove from heat and allow sauce to cool for 15 minutes.nPass the sauce through a food mill or puree in batches in a food processor. Caution: proceed with care to avoid being burned by the hot sauce. Return pureed sauce to pot and heat to serve., ingredients: [23 cup olive oil, 2 onions, minced, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 328 ounce cans whole peeled Italian plum tomatoes, 1 12 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons dried basil, Pinch of sugar, Salt and pepper], title: Homemade Marinara Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26301: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees.nCut 12 to 34inch croutons from the loaf of bread and place on a baking sheet and put into the oven until dry but not browned.nUse a mortar and pestle to mash the garlic with 4 tablespoons of oil and 14 teaspoon kosher salt. Strain the oil into a skillet over medium heat. Add the dried croutons and fry, tossing constantly until all of the oil is absorbed and the croutons turn gold. Set aside.nBring 2 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add the eggs and cook for 1 minute. Chill in ice water to halt cooking. Set aside.nIn a very large bowl, tear lettuce and toss with 3 tablespoons of olive oil. Sprinkle with the remaining kosher salt and the black pepper. Add the remaining olive oil. Toss well. Add the lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce. Break in the eggs. Toss until a creamy dressing forms. Toss in Parmesan cheese and serve with croutons., ingredients: [1 loaf day old Italian bread, 3 garlic cloves, mashed, 9 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon plus 1 pinch kosher salt, 2 eggs, 2 heads romaine lettuce, inner leaves only, 7 grinds black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, 6 drops Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Hail Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 26302: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat the oil in pan over medium heat, then add the bacon and cook to render the fat, but remove before crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Place the rendered bacon on paper towels or a kitchen towel to drain.nAdd the garlic and onions to the same pan and stir. Cook to soften, 4 to 5 minutes, then add the tomato sauce, stock, sugar, Worcestershire, mustard and vinegar. Season with black pepper and bring to a simmer. Add the beans and stir, then transfer to a casserole dish and arrange the bacon on top. Bake the beans for 2 hours.nPreheat the griddle. Halve the knockwurst and butterfly the pieces by cutting across but not all the way through. You will end up with 12 split, halved dogs. Grill to crisp on both sides. Arrange the knockwurst in the casserole dish.nCool, cover and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat in a moderate oven. Garnish with scallions and sever with extra mustard.nSoak the beans in water overnight. Rinse and pick through beans for stones or imperfect beans. Place in a pot and cover with fresh water, then add the bay leaf and bring to a boil. Season with salt, and cook beans at rapid simmer until tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Drain and reserve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola or vegetable oil, 8 ounces bacon, cut into thirds, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large or 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 cup tomato sauce, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 to 13 cup dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons brown mustard, plus more to serve, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, Black pepper, 4 cups Cooked White Beans, recipe follows, 6 knockwurst, Chopped scallions, for garnish, 1 12 cups white Navy or white French dry beans, 1 large bay leaf, Salt], title: Baked Beans and Knockwurst, picturelink: null}, 26303: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a 12count muffin pan with nonstick cooking spray.nUnroll the pizza dough onto a floured work surface. Using a rolling pin, roll out the dough slightly so that it is a uniform rectangle about 11 inches by 15 inches.nSlice the pizza dough widthwise into twelve 1 12inchwide strips. Separate the strips on the work surface. Spread a thin layer of pizza sauce onto each strip and sprinkle with a thin layer of cheese. Place about 7 slices of pepperoni slightly overlapping down the center of each pizza dough strip so that the top halves of the pepperoni slices hang over the edge of the dough strip. Carefully roll up each strip into a tight roll so it looks like a rose bud, then transfer to the prepared muffin pan.nBake until the crust is golden and the pepperoni is slightly crispy, 15 to 18 minutes. Let cool in the pan about 3 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the pan, One 13.8ounce package pizza crust dough, such as Pillsbury, Allpurpose flour, for rolling the dough, 12 cup pizza sauce, 12 cup finely shredded mozzarella or Italian cheese blend, Two 6ounce bags sliced pepperoni], title: Pizza Roses, picturelink: LPumCi5nVimmBwn3GM4g.OLNQsWJ6CK}, 26304: {instructions: Special equipment: an electric or charcoal smoker hickory or apple wood chips soaked in water for at least 1 hournSoak the wood chips in water for at least an hour and then drain.nWhisk together the ketchup, tomato paste, vinegar, Worcestershire and chipotle powder in a large bowl. Remove about a third of this mixture and set aside for the glaze.nPulse the corn chips in a food processor until finely ground, then transfer to a large bowl. Add the ketchup mixture along with the eggs. Stir to combine and let sit for long enough for the corn chips to soften, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic, onion, beef, pork, turkey, 1 tablespoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Use your hands to mix together until nicely incorporated.nLay out a long piece of foil and shape the meat mixture into a loaf about 10inches long and 2inches thick. Top with another piece of foil and crimp and fold the edges shut. Poke several holes on both sides of the foil packet.nPrepare your smoker with the drained wood chips for 275 degrees F according to the manufacturers instructions. Set up a drip pan. Smoke until the meatloaf is about 130 degrees F, about 1 hour and 30 to 45 minutes. Cut open the foil and pull it back, then brush the reserved glaze all over the top. Continue to cook until it reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 1 hour and 25 to 30 minutes more.nLet the meatloaf rest for about 10 minutes, then slice and serve., ingredients: [23 cup ketchup, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon chipotle powder, 6 ounces barbecueflavored corn chips about 3 cups, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 garlic cloves, finely grated, 1 small onion, grated on a box grater, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 1 pound ground turkey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Meatloaf, picturelink: qAGalhosxPIq645mGvIzEqOB5ehKKe}, 26305: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo a small saute pan, add 12 cup of the canola oil and the annatto seeds. Turn the heat to medium and allow the annatto seeds to color the oil, stirring often, 2 to 3 minutes. Strain and reserve the oil.nTo a food processor, add the green onions, garlic, lime juice and zest, jalapeno, cilantro, cumin, chile flakes and some salt and pepper. Turn the food processor on and stream in the annattocolored oil plus the remaining 12 cup canola oil. Process until thoroughly combined.nPut the halibut fillets into a resealable bag and pour in the marinade. Place in the refrigerator and marinate for 20 minutes before grilling.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat. Remove the halibut from the marinade and place on the hot grill, 5 to 8 minutes per side.nButter the insides of the ciabatta rolls and place them butteredside down on the grill, then flip. Grill the rolls until both sides are lightly toasted and crispy around the edges. Smear the inside bottoms and tops of bread with the Chorizo Mayo. On the bottom slice of bread, put a layer of pickles and red onions. Place the halibut on the onions, then top with some tomato, cabbage and the top bun. Repeat for the remaining sandwiches.nKosher salt and freshly ground black peppernRemove the chorizo from the casing. Heat the canola oil in a nonstick pan over medium heat and add the chorizo, breaking it up into small pieces with a wooden spoon as it cooks. When the sausage has browned, and the fat had rendered and the oil in pan is red, about 7 minutes, then remove from the heat and cool.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the chorizo and oil from the pan with the mayo, garlic and scallions. Season with the cilantro, lemon zest and juice and some salt and pepper. Place in the fridge until ready to use., ingredients: [1 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon annatto seeds, 3 green onions, whites and light green parts sliced, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 12 jalapeno, seeds and ribs still intact, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Pinch red chile flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Six 6ounce fillets halibut from the middle to tail part of fish not too thick, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 ciabatta rolls, 1 cup Chorizo Mayo, recipe follows, 3 whole dill pickles, finely sliced lengthwise, 12 small red onion, finely sliced and rinsed under cold water, 3 Roma tomatoes, thick sliced, 3 cups finely sliced green cabbage, 6 ounces fresh chorizo about 1 link, 1 teaspoon canola oil, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 medium clove garlic, minced, 1 scallion, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 lemon, zested and juiced], title: Grilled Halibut Sandwiches with Chorizo Mayo, picturelink: W10G7GYCXvAfZu1gNekxCdPej4fcSa}, 26306: {instructions: Friendship Butterflies, ingredients: [Friendship Butterflies], title: Friendship Butterflies, picturelink: null}, 26307: {instructions: In a large pan, heat olive oil. Add shallots and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add mussels and white wine. Cover and steam the mussels until they open, about 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in tomatoes. Remove from heat. Serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [23 cup shallots, 3 pounds mussels, cleaned and scrubbed, 2 cups white wine 12 bottle, 1 cup chopped tomatoes], title: White Wine Steamed Mussels, picturelink: null}, 26308: {instructions: Cooked wild rice or couscous, for servingnHeat the oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, until almost smoking. Brown the bison meat in the hot oil until golden brown, then remove from the pan to a plate and set aside.nIn the same pan, add the onion, carrots, celery, garlic and saute for about 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the flour and tomato paste and stir well. Slowly add in the beef stock, red wine and canned tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Return the seared meat to the pan and reduce the heat to a simmer. Continue to cook for about 45 minutes. The liquid, when close to finishing, should have reduced in volume by 12 of what you started with and the meat should be fork tender. Cooks Note: if the liquid begins to evaporate you can add more stock or water.nTo finish, stir in the fresh herbs and the butter. Transfer the stew to a serving bowl and serve immediately with wild rice or couscous., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 2 pounds bison meat, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 cup diced white onion, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced celery, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup tomato paste, 4 cups lowsodium beef broth, 4 cups red wine, 1 14.5ounce can chopped tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped thyme leaves, 14 cup unsalted butter], title: Bison Stew, picturelink: null}, 26309: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the onethird of the zucchini slices inside a baking dish. Scatter onethird of the onions over top. Dollop onethird of the Pistachio Pesto on top of the onions. Layer onethird of the tomato slices over top and season well with salt and pepper. To begin the second layer, place another third of the zucchini in the opposite direction and repeat the process with the addition of dollops of 14 cup of the goat cheese. Repeat the process for one more layer, then place the remaining goat cheese on top. Sprinkle with the breadcrumbs and garnish with the pistachios. Bake until the zucchini is tender and the breadcrumbs are golden, 20 to 30 minutes. Allow to rest and set before slicing.nIn batches, place the basil leaves, oil, pistachios, Parmesan and garlic in a blender and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Place the Pistachio Pesto in a container. Cover the top with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil., ingredients: [4 zucchini, tops trimmed, sliced lengthwise 14inch thick, 1 Vidalia onion, sliced into thin rings, 12 cup Pistachio Pesto, recipe follows, 2 to 3 ripe tomatoes, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry breadcrumbs, 12 cup unsalted pistachios, crushed in a mortar and pestle, for garnish, 12 cup goat cheese, 8 cups fresh basil leaves, washed and dried, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, 34 cup unsalted pistachios, toasted and crushed in a mortar and pestle, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 cloves garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Zucchini Gratin, picturelink: null}, 26310: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees. For the orange butter, put butter in a bowl and cream. Fold in 3 teaspoons of grated orange zest. Add confectioners sugar to butter, and beat until fluffy. Keep in refrigerator until ready to use. For the scones, place sifted flour in a bowl. Add pinch of salt, baking powder, granulated sugar and orange rind. Mix to incorporate air. Toss 6 ounces butter into flour and rub with fingertips until it resembles large flakes. Make well in the center. Whisk together 3 eggs and 2 cups milk and pour mixture into the center. With fingers of your best hand outstretched and stiff, mix in a full circular movement from the center to the outside of the bowl. This takes just seconds. Sprinkle some flour on the work surface, turn dough onto floured board. Pat dough into a round about 1inch thick. Stamp into scones with a cutter. Whisk together egg and milk. Brush tops with egg wash and dip tops only in granulated sugar. Put onto a baking sheet and bake in preheated 475 degree oven for 10 to12 minutes or until golden on top., ingredients: [6 ounces butter, 3 teaspoons grated orange zest, 7 ounces confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 pounds flour, sifted, Pinch salt, 3 heaping teaspoons baking powder, 2 ounces granulated sugar, 1 orange zest, finely grated, 6 ounces butter, 3 eggs, 2 cups milk, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon milk, 2 ounces granulated sugar for top of scones], title: Scones with Orange Butter, picturelink: null}, 26311: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry bag, a plain tip with a 14inch openingnIn a small bowl, combine the cheeses, thyme, and lemon zest. Place the cheese mixture into the pastry bag. Pipe the cheese mixture into each olive.nPlace the flour in a small bowl. Pour the beaten egg in another small bowl and the bread crumbs in a third small bowl. Dredge the olives in the flour. Using a slotted spoon, remove the olives and place in the bowl with the beaten egg. Coat the olives with the egg and transfer to the bowl of bread crumbs. Coat the olives with the bread crumbs.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour in enough oil to fill the pan about 13of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer a cube of bread will brown in a couple of minutes. Fry the olives, in batches, for 30 to 45 seconds until golden brown. Drain the fried olives on paper towels. Cool for 5 minutes., ingredients: [1ounce Gorgonzola cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup ricotta cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 12 teaspoons lemon zest, 20 pitted green olives, rinsed and dried thoroughly, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup plain bread crumbs, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Italian Fried Olives, picturelink: Q7cCgAhVKxD7.c9iPIz8VJX30ipxs2}, 26312: {instructions: In a large saucepan, slowly boil the syrup, star anise, cloves, orange and cinnamon stick. Simmer the mixture for 5 minutes. Strain the mixture into the masa harina, stir to incorporate and discard the strained spices and fruit.nAdd the corn, pine nuts, sultana raisins, asadero cheese, and banana pieces to the masa mixture.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nThaw a package of banana leaves by placing the still sealed leaves in a shallow pan of hot water, until thawed. Open package and rinse leaves in cool water and then cut into 8inch pieces. Assemble the tamales by placing 4 ounces of the mixture in the center of each banana leaf. And fold in sides to create a package. Place into the oven and bake for 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup real maple syrup, 4 star anise, 3 whole cloves, 12 orange, halved, 1 cinnamon stick, 4 ounces masa harina, 14 cup fresh whole corn kernels, 1 tablespoon pine nuts, toasted, 4 tablespoons sultana raisins, softened in hot water, 6 tablespoons grated asadero cheese, 2 peeled bananas, cut in 12 lengthwise and then cut in chunks, 6 banana leaves, cut to 8 by 10inches], title: Tamal Dulce, picturelink: tBvmMRQW7BoPWhaL0fN3ZR04P9kgjgS}, 26313: {instructions: 1. Heat olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add shallots and garlic and cook, stirring, until garlic is golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Add tomatoes to pot and cook until almost dry, about 3 minutes. Peel 2 long strips of zest from orange without white pith and add to pot. Squeeze in oranges juice and stir in vermouth and saffron. Increase heat to high and bring mixture to a rapid boil.n2. Add mussels to pot, cover, and cook, shaking pot once or twice, until mussels begin to open, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in basil and cook until all mussels open, about 2 more minutes. Divide mussels and broth among warm bowls discard any unopened shells and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 28ounce can whole tomatoes, drained and roughly chopped, 1 orange, 1 cup dry white vermouth or dry white wine, Large pinch saffron threads, 5 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 2 slightly heaping cups fresh basil, roughly chopped], title: Mussels with Tomatoes, Basil  Saffron, picturelink: null}, 26314: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs drain but dont rinse. Meanwhile, combine the bocconcini, artichokes, marinated peppers and mint in a serving bowl. Add the olive oil, lemon zest and juice, and salt and pepper to taste and toss. Add the pasta and toss again. Just before serving, stir in the arugula and roast beef. Season the salad with pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces orecchiette pasta, 1 cup bocconcini small mozzarella balls, halved, 1 cup marinated artichoke hearts, quartered, 8 small sweet marinated peppers such as Peppadew, quartered, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint or basil, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Freshly ground pepper, 4 cups baby arugula, 6 ounces delisliced roast beef, cut into strips], title: Orecchiette Salad with Roast Beef, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 26315: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat an 8quart saucepan over medium heat. Add the olive oil, onion, and garlic, and sweat for 2 minutes until translucent. Add the spinach and cook until it has wilted and is tender, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool.nFold in the feta cheese and pine nuts and season with salt. Split hoagie buns and fill with spinach mixture. Wrap the sandwiches in aluminum foil and bake in the oven for 10 minutes.nUnwrap and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, minced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 pound spinach, cleaned, 12 pound feta cheese, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, Salt, 2 12inch hoagie buns], title: Baked Spinach Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 26316: {instructions: Peel potatoes and cut into cubes. Place in cold salted water and bring to a boil, reduce heat to low boil until potatoes are fork tender, about 15 minutes. Drain potatoes and mash with milk and 2 tablespoons of the butter until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste and set aside. Brown ground beef in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Remove ground beef from pan and drain off excess fat, reserving 3 tablespoons of fat. Put reserved fat in saucepan add onion, carrot, and celery. Sweat for 5 minutes until onion becomes translucent, add mushrooms, and frozen peas saute for 5 more minutes. Return ground beef to pan along with parsley, thyme, Worcestershire, and nutmeg, simmer for 1 to 2 minutes. Add brown gravy to pan simmer 1 to 2 minutes, season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and let cool. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Layer bottom of a 3liter casserole dish with beef mixture, top with mashed potatoes making uneven peaks with a fork. Cut remaining butter into small cubes and sprinkle over mashed potatoes. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes until mashed potatoes have turned golden brown, remove from oven and let cool 5 minutes.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [2 medium potatoes, cubed, 12 cup milk, 4 tablespoons butter, separated, 1 pound ground beef, 1 medium onion, 14inch dice, 1 medium carrot, 14inch dice, 1 medium celery stalk, sliced, 12 pound mushroom, sliced, 23 cup frozen peas, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 cup brown gravy, Salt and pepper], title: Shepherds Pie, picturelink: null}, 26317: {instructions: Break off and discard the touch inedible part of the asparagus stalks. If the asparagus is very tender this might not be necessary. Break into lengths of about 1 inch. Heat half the butter in a large pan and gently cook the onions until soft. Add the asparagus, some of the stock, and seasoning. Bring to a boil, cover and simmer for 10 minutes. Now pour in the rest of the stock, bring to a boil, add the rice, and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. When the rice is cooked, stir in 1 tablespoon of the Parmesan, the cream, the remaining butter, and grate on a little nutmeg. Hand the rest of the cheese round at table., ingredients: [2 oz. thin green asparagus, 12 stick butter, 1 onion, finely sliced, 6 cups light meat or vegetable stock, Salt and black pepper, Scant 1 14 cups Vialone nano rice or Carnaroli or Arborio, Generous 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Scant 14 cup fresh heavy cream, Nutmeg for grating], title: Minestra di Risi e Sparasi Asparagus Broth, picturelink: null}, 26318: {instructions: Mash potatoes adding enough milk and butter to make a smooth mixture. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. Coat the shrimp in cold clarified butter and toss them in the chopped nuts. Heat clarified butter in a frying pan. Add the garlic clove and fry gently for 2 minutes. Drop in the coated shrimps. Remove the garlic and cook the shrimp 2 minutes on each side. After 4 minutes add the sherry and flame. Stir in the fresh butter and drizzle in the lemon juice. Pipe the creamed potatoes around the rim of the scallop shells and pour the shrimp into the center of the shells. Garnish each with a sprig of parsley and a dusting of paprika., ingredients: [1 pound potatoes, boiled, drained, Milk, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 24 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, Clarified butter, 3 ounces Macadamia nuts, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 14 cup dry sherry, 14 cup fresh butter, plus extra for potatoes, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 scallop shells, Parsley sprigs, for garnish, 14 teaspoon paprika, for garnish], title: Shrimp Macadamia, picturelink: null}, 26319: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut the squash in half from top to bottom and scoop out the seeds. Put the squash and the garlic clove onto a baking sheet, drizzle with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast in the oven until it is nice and soft, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. When it is cool enough to handle, scoop out the flesh and set aside with the garlic clove.nWhile the squash is roasting, put the remaining tablespoon of oil and the butter into a large pot over low heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring often, until the onion is browned and caramelized, about 20 minutes.nSqueeze the roasted garlic clove into the pan, discarding the skin. Add the squash, ginger, chilies to taste and stock. Turn the heat to high and bring it to a boil, then remove from the heat.nWorking in batches, puree the soup in a blender, getting it as smooth as possible. Pour into a clean pot while you blend the rest. Heat the soup until it is piping hot. Taste and season with salt and pepper and a squeeze of lime juice.nTo serve, ladle the soup into warm bowls, drizzle with a little coconut milk, scatter over some cilantro leaves and chilies., ingredients: [1 medium butternut squash, about 2 pounds, 1 clove garlic, unpeeled, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion, peeled and finely diced, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated, 1 or 2 small hot chilies, seeded and finely chopped, plus extra sliced for garnish, 4 cups chicken or vegetable stock, Squeeze of lime juice, Coconut milk, to serve, Cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Roasted Butternut Squash Soup with Chili Ginger, picturelink: null}, 26320: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking.nRinse the chuck roast and pat dry with paper towels. With a sharp knife, make 10 to 12 deep slits in the roast large enough to hold a clove of garlic. Insert a clove of garlic into each slit so that it is completely embedded.nRub the roast with a little salt and pepper, then place into the hot oil. Sear on all sides until brown and crusty. Spread the roast with the hot sauce. Pour the beef stock and 1 cup water into the bottom of the pot and cover with the lid.nTransfer to the oven and cook until the roast is falling apart, 3 to 3 12 hours. Using two forks, shred the meat in the pot. Set aside to keep warm.nRaise the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Cut the rolls in half and spread with mayonnaise on both sides. Place a generous portion of the shredded meat on the bottom half of each roll. Set the bottoms on a baking sheet and top each with a small amount of the provolone. Transfer to the oven to melt the cheese, 2 to 4 minutes.nRemove the rolls from the oven and top each with pickles, tomatoes and shredded lettuce. Cover with the roll tops to make sandwiches. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, One 2 to 3pound beef chuck roast, 10 to 12 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Louisiana, 1 cup beef stock, 12 mini French rolls, 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, 6 ounces provolone picante, shredded, 6 slices lengthwise dill pickles, cut in half crosswise, 2 tomatoes, sliced thin, 8 to 12 leaves romaine lettuce, shredded], title: Beefy PoBoy Bites, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 26321: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven 275 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nRemove the thick stem from the kale and discard. Tear the kale leaves into bitesize pieces. Lay the kale onto the prepared baking sheet and spray evenly with cooking spray. Bake until crispy and browned on the edges, tossing the kale halfway through, 18 to 20 minutes. Sprinkle the kale with BBQ Seasoning and serve.nMix the paprika, ancho chile, sugar, garlic powder, salt and dry mustard in a small bowl., ingredients: [1 bunch kale, washed and dried about 1 pound, Olive oil cooking spray, for spraying, BBQ Seasoning, for sprinkling, recipe follows, 14 cup paprika, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon dry mustard], title: BBQ Kale Chips, picturelink: UkGPbmqrUsYgqfNfGxrR44Dyhraxj6y}, 26322: {instructions: In a large Dutch oven saute the onion in about 3 tablespoons olive oil on mediumhigh heat, and when it is completely softened, and before it starts browning, add the garlic. Saute for an additional couple of minutes, then add the peppers, lower the heat to mediumlow and stir well. Partially cover with a lid and let them soften up, about 10 minutes.nWhen the peppers have settled into the pan, add the tomatoes and the potatoes. Season the mixture with salt and pepper to taste, stir well over mediumlow heat, cook for about 1 hour.nUse the vegetable stock to help the sauce come together, by adding a ladleful to the peperonata here and there while cooking. Depending on the tomatoes you are using and the degree of ripeness of the peppers, you might not need to use all the broth indicated in the ingredient list. Look for a nice balance between sauce and vegetables, at the end you are working on a vegetable stew...consistency of the final dish should be thicker than a pasta sauce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small red onion, chopped fine, 5 cloves garlic, cut into 3 pieces, 8 bell peppers 2 red, 2 yellow, 2 green, 2 orange, seeded and sliced, 12 28ounce can pelati tomatoes, blended smooth, 1 pound russet potatoes, scrubbed well and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 cup vegetable broth recommended: organic vegetable broth, 1 generous handful fresh flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Peppers and Potatoes Stew: Peperonata Di Patate, picturelink: null}, 26323: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine thoor dhal or split peas, 1 14 cups water, and turmeric and bring to a boil. Turn heat down to low and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes or until very soft about 45 minutes for split peas.nWhile dhal cooks, dissolve tamarind concentrate in 1 tablespoon hot water and set aside.nIn a 3quart covered saucepan over medium high heat, heat mustard seeds, fenugreek seeds, and asafetida in oil until the mustard seeds begin to pop.nAfter the seeds have popped for a few moments, add 2 cups water, salt, spice blend, dissolved tamarind, potato, tomatoes, onion, green beans, green chile, cilantro and curry leaves and simmer over medium low heat until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes.nWhen dhal is cooked and completely tender, mash with a potato masher or back of a spoon 6 to 8 times, to break up roughly. Stir into cooked vegetable and spice mixture in saucepan and simmer for another 10 minutes. Add more water if necessary to attain a soupy consistency., ingredients: [12 cup thoor dhal or yellow split peas, 1 14 cups water, 18 teaspoon ground turmeric, 14 teaspoon tamarind concentrate, 1 tablespoon hot water, 18 teaspoon mustard seeds, 14 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 18 teaspoon ground asafetida, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon Sambar Spice Blend, 1 large boiling potato, peeled and cut into 14inch cubes, 1 cup coarsely chopped fresh tomatoes, 1 cup coarsely chopped onion, 13 cup cut green beans 1inch lengths, 1 green chile, serrano, Thai or jalapeno, split lengthwise, 5 to 6 sprigs cilantro, 10 curry leaves or 2 bay leaves], title: Sambar, picturelink: null}, 26324: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cook for 30 minutes or until a paring knife slides into the potatoes without any resistance. Drain the potatoes and let them cool slightly. Slice the potatoes into 12inch rounds and set aside.nCombine the cheese, evaporated milk, oil, chile, garlic, and the lime juice in a blender and puree until smooth. The sauce should be creamy and pourable. If the sauce is too thick, add water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the sauce is thinned out.nArrange the lettuce leaves on a platter and top with the sliced potatoes. Pour the sauce over the potatoes. Garnish with slices of hard boiled egg and olives. Garnish with chopped parsley. Serve chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 medium Russett potatoes, 8 ounces feta cheese, crumbled about 2 cups, 13 cup evaporated milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon seeded and finely chopped jarred aji amarillo peppers or fresh habanero, 1 garlic clove, finely minced, 12 lime, juiced, Salt, 4 large lettuce leaves such as Bibb or romaine, 3 hardboiled eggs, peeled and sliced, 10 black olives pitted and sliced Kalamata or Botija Peruvian olives, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Peruvian Potatoes with Spicy Cream Sauce Papas a la Huancaina, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 26325: {instructions: Place sugar in a small saucer. Dip the rim of the glass in water and press rim into the sugar to coat.nMix all ingredients, except caviar or salmon egg roe, in a shaker. Put the caviar on the bottom of the glass and pour the drink over the caviar., ingredients: [1 teaspoon sugar, 1ounce vodka, 1ounce silver rum recommended: Bacardi, 12ounce pineapple juice, 12ounce grape juice, 12ounce pink lemonade, 12 teaspoon caviar or salmon egg roe], title: Silver Salmon Martini, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 26326: {instructions: Heat the oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the couscous and pistachios and cook, stirring, until toasted and light golden brown, about 7 minutes. Add the water, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover, and cook until the liquid is absorbed, about 10 minutes.nRemove the lid, stir in the apricots and scallions, taste, and adjust the seasoning. Transfer the couscous to a serving bowl and serve warm with a little more lemon oil drizzled over the top, if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lemonflavored olive oil, plus more as needed, 2 cups Israeli couscous, 14 cup shelled unsalted roasted pistachios, coarsely chopped, 2 14 cups hot water, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 6 dried Turkish apricots, chopped, 2 scallions, sliced], title: Toasted Israeli Couscous, picturelink: 33iNZm1Hwwc4b8gp5ctGX5kWh4XZXQm}, 26327: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a medium bowl, mix the olive oil, garlic, salt, pepper and mint. Slice the onions in half, from stem to root end and add to bowl. Coat onions and place in a shallow baking dish and roast for 30 minutes.nAdd figs to the baking dish, baste with juices and roast for 15 more minutes.nMeanwhile, mix gorgonzola, Tabasco, Worcestershire and thin with cream to make a spreadable mixture. Brush baguette slices with garlic oil.nRemove the onions and figs from oven, raise oven temperature to 400 degrees. Place baguette slices on a baking sheet and toast the slices for about 7 minutes, until browned.nTo serve:nSpread the cheese mixture on the bread. Place the onion and fig mixture on a platter, and surround with the croutons. Serve immediately. Tip: DRIED FIGSnHeat your figs with a mixture of brandy and water to barely cover. Cook 1520 minutes until softened. Serve with mascarpone cheese or whipped cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 13 cup fresh mint, chopped, 4 red onions, halved and peeled, 8 fresh figs, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 5 ounces Gorgonzola, Dash of Tabasco, Dash of Worcestershire, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 slices baguette, 3 tablespoons olive oil which has been mixed with 1 crushed garlic clove], title: Roasted Figs and Onions with Gorgonzola Croutons, picturelink: null}, 26328: {instructions: Place the chickpeas in a pot and cover with several inches of water. Simmer until tender, about 2 hours.nTowards the end of the cooking time for the chickpeas, cook the onions, peppers and garlic in some olive oil in a large saute pan, stirring occasionally. Add the prawns, bay leaf and some salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the prawns are cooked through.nDrain the chickpeas and add them to the prawns along with a splash of brandy. Cook briefly to let the bitterness evaporate. Serve., ingredients: [1 kilogram about 2 pounds dried chickpeas, 1 onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, Several cloves garlic, chopped, Olive oil, for cooking, 1 pound prawns, peeled and deveined, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Brandy, to taste], title: Chickpeas with Prawns, picturelink: null}, 26329: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.nTo prepare the crunchy apple, wash and peel 12 of the apples, and cut them into slices. Place them on a baking sheet, and bake them for 4 hours so they dry out very slowly.nPeel the other 12 of the apples, and place them in a saucepot with the water. Add the sugar and cinnamon, and cook them slowly on low heat until they are soft, approximately 20 minutes. Once apples are cooked, place them in a blender, and blend until you have a puree. Set aside and keep warm.nTo prepare the pork medallions, dredge each piece lightly in the flour. Heat a shallow pan with the oil, and sear each medallion for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Once seared on both sides, add the white wine, and cook for 2 minutes to evaporate the alcohol. Add the vinegar to create a sauce.nTo serve, plate two medallions per person on each plate. Add the apple puree, and fan out the crunchy apple chips. This dish may also be accompanied with Sauteed vegetables., ingredients: [2 pounds Jonagold apples, 6 ounces water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 pounds pork loin, cut into 12 medallions, 4 ounces flour, 4 ounces oil, 1 cup white wine, 3 ounces balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Pork with Balsamic Vinegar, Crunchy Apples, and Apple Puree, picturelink: null}, 26330: {instructions: To remove their shells and bitter skins, cut a small strip off of each of the nuts shells, and cook the nuts in boiling water for 1 minute. Remove from heat, and peel with a sharp knife. Return any difficult chestnuts to the boiling water, and repeat the process., ingredients: [Chestnuts], title: Roasted Chestnut Good Thing, picturelink: null}, 26331: {instructions: Melt butter and sweat onions, garlic, shallots until translucent. Add thyme and cardamom. Cover with chicken stock and bring to a boil. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer until tender. Blend really well in a blender. Strain through a chinoise. Adjust seasoning and texture.nFor the Balsamic Reduction: In a saucepot over mediumhigh heat, reduce 1 bottle balsamic vinegar until its the consistency of syrup.nFor the Crostini: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and brush with extravirgin olive oil. Season the pan with salt and pepper. Place the bread slices on the baking sheet and season the bread with extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper to taste. Sprinkle the bread with grated Parmesan cheese. Transfer the slices to the oven and bake until golden, about 5 minutes.nTo serve, heat soup in a separate pot, whisk in whipped cream. Ladle into bowl. Garnish with Balsamic Reduction, shaved Parmesan cheese and Crostini., ingredients: [12 pound butter, 4 large Spanish onions, sliced, 8 cloves garlic, shaved, 8 shallots, sliced, 1 fresh thyme sprig, 1 teaspoon cardamom, 1 quart fresh chicken stock, Sea salt and fresh pepper, to taste, Balsamic Reduction, for garnish, Crostini, for garnish, recipe follows, Shaved ParmigianoReggiano cheese, for garnish, Unsweetened whipped cream, for garnish, 1 bottle balsamic vinegar, 1 baguette, cut in half and sliced lengthwise into 14inch thick slices, Extravirgin olive oil, Cracked black peppercorn and sea salt to taste, Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, grated], title: Tuscan White Onion Soup with Crostini, picturelink: null}, 26332: {instructions: In large cast iron pot, heat oil to 350 degrees F.nPour fish fry into a mixing bowl. Whisk together eggs and milk to make an egg wash. Dredge oysters in fish fry. Shake off excess batter from oysters. Dip oysters in egg wash and then redredge in fish fry. Place oysters into oil individually and fry 1 to 2 minutes, or until golden brown. Drain oysters on paper towels.nPlace spinach onto 4 salad plates. Slice Brie into 1ounce portions. Place pats of Brie on the spinach. Arrange oysters evenly on salad. Drizzle dressing to taste and garnish with pimentos, bacon, and croutons.nBlend ingredients until texture is even. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nMix all ingredients in food processor. Place in refrigerator to chill., ingredients: [1 quart peanut oil, Fish fry, recipe follows, 4 eggs, 2 cups milk, 1 dozen freshly shucked oysters, 1 pound bag fresh spinach, stemmed and cleaned, 4 ounces Brie, 2 ounces Balsamic Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 2 ounces pimentos, 2 ounces hickory smoked bacon, crumbled, 3 ounces croutons, 1 cup corn flour, 1 cup flour, Salt and pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 14 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup diced onion], title: Oyster Orgy Salad, picturelink: null}, 26333: {instructions: For the Cherry Reduction:nPlace all ingredients, except cherries, in a medium pot. Bring to a boil, lower the heat and until slightly viscous and coats spoon. Add the pitted cherries and heat briefly. Set aside.nFor the Polenta:nPrep the onions by removing skin and core. Cut into small dice.nIn a medium saute pan, add the onion, salt, and cooking wine and cook until liquid had reduced.nBring water to a boil in a large stockpot. Slowly add polenta and herbes de Provence. Reduce the heat, add the onion mixture and continue to stir polenta until thickened, about 10 minutes.nPrepare a sheet pan with cooking spray and pour polenta onto sheet pan. When polenta has cooled completely, cut into portion size squares. Refrigerate until ready to use.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F or preheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nBrush polenta with olive oil and place on a baking sheet or grill and bake or grill until browned.nFor the Green Bean Saute:nIn saute pan, heat olive oil, add green beans and onions, and cook until heated through. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and herbes de Provence. Saute until herbs are fragrant and then add lemon juice.nRemove from heat.nReheat the cherry reduction.nTo serve, lay out portions of polenta on each plate. Place oniongreen bean saute over polenta and pour cherries and juice on top. Garnish with Cambazola cheese., ingredients: [1 cup port cooking wine recommended: Paul Mason, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 tablespoon herbes de Provence, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon light brown sugar, 12 pound organic Bing cherries, pitted, 1 12 jumbo organic yellow onions, 2 tablespoons herbs de Provence, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 cup white cooking wine recommended: Farron Ridge, 3 quarts water, 1 quart polenta, Cooking spray, for sheet pan, Olive oil, for brushing polenta, 12 cup olive oil, 12 ounces organic green beans, 12 ounces organic grilled sweet onion, Kosher salt, Ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons herbes de Provence, 6 tablespoons lemon juice recommended: Rosellas, 1 12 cups cherry reduction, 6 ounces Cambazola cheese, cut into small bits, for garnish], title: Yakima Valley Polenta Recipe, picturelink: null}, 26334: {instructions: Special equipment: 12cup muffin tin Paper cupcake liners or nonstick cooking spraynFor the muffins: In a small bowl, stir together the chia seeds with 2 tablespoons of the lemon juice and 14 cup warm water. Set aside for the seeds to bloom, 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with paper liners or spray with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar and lemon zest. Whisk the sugar into the flour mixture.nIn another medium bowl, whisk together the yogurt, oil, remaining lemon juice and vanilla extract. Add the liquid ingredients to the dry and stir until just combined. Then stir in the bloomed chia seeds. Using an ice cream scoop, divide the batter between the muffin cups. Bake for 15 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through. Cool completely on a wire rack.nFor the glaze: Stir together the confectioners sugar, honey and lemon juice. Drizzle over the cooled muffins and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chia seeds, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 34 cup plain yogurt, 12 cup coconut oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 teaspoons lemon juice], title: Lemon Chia Muffins, picturelink: PHZxpLabgwlyfpv5GGKEIIolEmhKn06}, 26335: {instructions: Heat the grill to high.nReserve 2 tablespoons each cucumber and tomato and the scallion greens for garnish. Mix the yogurt, feta, chopped jalapenos, remaining cucumber and tomatoes, and scallion whites in a medium bowl. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nMix the paprika, cumin, brown sugar, and 1 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the beef and mix with your hands until evenly spiced. Form the mixture into 4 12inchthick patties.nGrill until the meat is browned and cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest while you grill the pitas, about 1 minute per side.nDivide the grilled pitas among serving plates. Finely chop the meat and scatter over the pitas, then top with the yogurt sauce. Garnish with cucumber, tomatoes, scallion greens, and jalapeno slices, and serve., ingredients: [2 cups plain whole milk yogurt, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 12 English cucumber, seeded and diced, 2 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, greens and whites separated, 12 cup pickled jalapenos, chopped, plus whole slices for garnish, Kosher salt and black pepper, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 pound ground beef sirloin, 16 mini pitas, cut in quarters], title: Grilled BBQ Ground Beef Pita Nachos with Tomato Cucumber Salad and Cucumber Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: zwfFxjTK8UbnRFSdKY0n5Fnv584h0Rq}, 26336: {instructions: Line a large sheet pan with parchment paper. Divide fondant into as many pieces as colors that you would like to have. Knead food coloring, 1 drop at a time, into fondant. Sprinkle work surface and rolling pin with powdered sugar. Flatten fondant into a square and roll it out until it is 14inch thick, rotating it so that it does not stick. Pierce any bubbles with a fork. Brush off excess sugar with a pastry brush.nWith a knife, cut fondant into pieces just large enough to wrap each marshmallow. Stick each marshmallow on the end of each popsicle stick. Roll fondant around each marshmallow, pressing lightly to seal., ingredients: [1 24ounce box readytouse pure white rolled fondant, Food coloring kit with various colors, Powdered sugar, for dusting, 20 jumbosized marshmallows, 20 popsicle sticks], title: Fondant Marshmallows, picturelink: BaQ2a6mugQGTdNOWXDntE9R8SQUFqR.}, 26337: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the sauerkraut and the caraway seeds in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat and cook until heated through. Slice hot corned beef. Butter and grill, on both sides, 2 slices bread. Place meat in mound and cover with sauerkraut and cheese. Place into preheated oven and cook until cheese is melted. Spread Russian dressing on bread and cover to make a sandwich. Cut in half and serve garnished with pickle wedges., ingredients: [2 to 3 ounces drained sauerkraut, 14 teaspoon caraway seeds, 6 ounces hot corned beef, Butter, 1 loaf Italian bread, cut lengthwise, 4 slices imported Swiss cheese, Russian dressing, 1 sour pickle, cut into wedges, for garnish], title: Katzs Houston St. Reuben, picturelink: null}, 26338: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Squeeze roasted garlic from the skins. Add the garlic and heavy cream to a saucepan and bring to a simmer and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. In a mixing bowl, combine the eggs and yolks and slowly add the warm heavy cream. Add the cream mixture slowly so as not to cook the eggs. Season with salt and strain through a fine strainer. Place the mixture in 4 small ramekins and bake in a water bath for 25 minutes. Remove and keep warm until serving.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the lamb with salt and pepper. Sear the seasoned lamb rack in a large saute pan, fat side first. Flip the lamb and finish in the oven, about 15 to 20 minutes should be cooked to medium rare.nIn a small pan, saute the celery, carrots, and lentils in butter. Season with salt and pepper.nIn another saute pan, wilt the spinach and tarragon in a small amount of olive oil. To plate a serving, place the lentils in the center of a large entree plate. Place a small amount of spinach over the lentils and lay the flan over the spinach. Slice a lamb portion into 4 to 5 pieces and fan around the flan with the 1 chop sticking up. Ladle 2 ounces of Lamb Sauce around the flan and garnish with fresh herbs.nIn a medium saucepan heat 1 cup shiraz wine and reduce by 75 percent. Add lamb stock and continue to reduce until about 1 cup remains. Swirl in 2 tablespoons of butter to thicken the sauce. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 cloves roasted garlic, 2 cups heavy cream, 8 whole eggs, 4 egg yolks, Four 4ounce portions Colorado lamb rack, frenched, cleaned, and tied with 1 bone showing, 2 tablespoons finely diced celery, 2 tablespoons finely diced carrots, 1 12 cups French green lentils, cooked until soft, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Salt and pepper, 3 cups baby spinach, 1 tablespoon tarragon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 ounces Lamb Sauce, recipe follows, Fresh herbs, for garnish, 1 cup shiraz wine, 2 cups lamb stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and pepper], title: Rack of Colorado Lamb with French Green Lentils, Garlic Flan, Tarragon Spinach and Shiraz Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26339: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice and shake well. Serve over the rocks in a Collins glass., ingredients: [2 ounces tequila recommended: El Tesoro, 2 ounces freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, 12ounce freshly squeezed lime juice, Pinch salt, Splash lemonlime soda recommended: Sprite or 7Up], title: Mesa Fresca, picturelink: null}, 26340: {instructions: Melt the chocolate and coffee in a double boiler. Stir them until creamy and then add the crushed heath bar. Dip fruits and cakes into the mixture and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces white chocolate, 2 ounces coffee, 2 ounces chocolate covered toffee, crushed, Miscellaneous fruits and cakes], title: Mocha White Chocolate with Chocolate Toffee Candy, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 26341: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and both sugars in another medium bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 30 seconds. Add the eggs and vanilla mixing until fully incorporated. Slowly add the flour mixture, and continue beating just until the dough comes together, stopping and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.nDivide dough in half, pat into disks, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours.nGenerously flour a clean work surface. For a nice, even layer of flour, lightly sift flour over the work surface. Gently roll chilled dough about 14inch thick. Cut into desired shape using a cookie cutter, working quickly enough so dough remains chilled. If dough gets too soft, refrigerate on a lined baking sheet until firm again, about 30 minutes.nTransfer cut cookies to ungreased baking sheets, leaving about 1inch between cookies. Refrigerate the formed cookies for at least 30 minutes. Lightly dust off excess flour with a dry pastry brush. Excess dough can be pressed into a disk, chilled and rerolled.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bake the cookies, until the bottoms are golden, about 12 to 15 minutes depending on shape. Cool on the baking sheets until firm enough to transfer to a rack to cool. Decorate as desired and serve. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla paste or vanilla extract], title: Sugar Cookies for Decorating and eating, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 26342: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large, rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, combine the potatoes and olive oil and toss to coat. In a medium bowl, mix together the Parmesan, parsley, salt, pepper, garlic powder and cayenne until fully combined.nSprinkle the parsley mixture on the potatoes and gently toss to evenly coat. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and bake the potatoes, flipping them with a spatula every 10 minutes to prevent sticking, until golden brown, about 45 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve hot., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for the baking sheet, 3 pounds Russet potatoes about 8 small or 6 medium, sliced into 12inchthick slices, then again into 12inchthick French fries, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 23 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Mamas Baked French Fries, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 26343: {instructions: Chop up carcass coarsely. Add it to big soup pot with 2 quarts water and bring liquid to a boil, but dont let boil. Skim off fat and scum that will come to the top Lower the heat, add onion, carrot and cook, partially covered for 2 to 3 hours or until bones and vegetables have given up their flavor. Be sure to keep level of water constant. Strain, cool to room temp and refrigerate. Next day remove any fat that has come to the surface., ingredients: [Carcass of the capon, Reserved giblets except for liver, 1 onion, halved, 1 carrot, cut into 4 chunks], title: Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 26344: {instructions: Fill a large sauce pot about 12 way with water. Put Gently put 12 eggs in the water and bring to a boil cook for 20 minutes. Immediately remove eggs and gently put into a large bowl of ice water. Let them sit in the ice water for 20 minutes. Cooks Note: You may also cool eggs in refrigerator overnight.nAfter 20 minutes, remove the shell and cut each hardboiled egg in half. With a spoon, scoop out the egg yolk from each egg and put into a medium sized mixing bowl. With a fork, mash together the egg yolks until soft.nIn a small saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon of oil over medium heat. Add the minced shallots and garlic. Sautee for 1 minute and immediately remove from heat.nNext, add the sugar, shallots, garlic, kosher salt, and mayonnaise to the medium mixing bowl with the soft egg yolks. Mix until fully incorporated. Using a spoon or a pastry bag, dollop this mixture into each halved egg white. Serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 dounceen eggs, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon shallots, minced, 12 teaspoon garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup mayonnaise], title: Sauteed Garlic and Shallot Deviled Eggs, picturelink: l2JjsZq8rFIrRT4D8H4YJmD7PHPbFO}, 26345: {instructions: In a saucepan of actively boiling lightly salted water, blanch the potatoes for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the tines of a fork will just pierce the surface. Drain and, when cool enough to handle, cut them in half and score the cut side of each with the tines of a fork. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees an heat a large castiron skillet over medium heat. In a bowl, combine the potatoes with the olive oil, oregano, salt, and pepper and toss together until evenly coated. Transfer the potatoes to the hot skillet and spread them out into an even layer so they are hardly touching each other. Heat until sizzling, then transfer the skillet to the hot oven. Toast, turning over every 10 minutes, for about 30 minutes, until very crisp and golden.nWhile the potatoes are roasting, heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add 2 tablespoons water. Cook the sausages for about 20 minutes, turning occasionally and pouring off the fat as it accumulates. Drain the sausages briefly on a double thickness of paper towels and slice them 34 thick. Place a slice of sausage on top of each roasted potato half and secure with a toothpick. Assemble the hors doeuvres on a platter and squeeze a little lime juice over them. Serve, accompanied by Avocado Salsa, ingredients: [2 12 pounds baby red potatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound chorizo, 1 lime, quartered, 1 recipe Avocado Salsa], title: Roasted PotatoChorizo Hors dOeuvres, picturelink: null}, 26346: {}, 26347: {instructions: In a saucepan boil the onions in just enough salted water to cover for 1 minute, drain them, discarding the water, and return them to the pan with the vinegar, the garlic, the peppercorns, the coriander seeds, the cumin seed, and the salt. Add just enough water to cover the onions and boil the mixture for 3 minutes. Transfer the onion mixture to a glass bowl and let it stand for at least 3 hours and up to 24 hours.nIn a dry 8inch skillet arrange 1 of the tortillas, sprinkle it with 12 cup of the Monterey Jack, 14 cup of the pickled onions, 1 tablespoon of the minced coriander, one fourth of the scallions, and red pepper flakes to taste, and top the mixture with another tortilla. Cook the quesadilla over moderate heat for 4 minutes on each side, or until the cheese is melted and the tortilla is browned lightly. Cut the quesadilla into 8 wedges and garnish it with about 2 tablespoons of the pickled onions and a coriander sprig. Make 3 more quesadillas in the same manner with the remaining tortillas and ingredients., ingredients: [2 small red onions, sliced thin, 23 cup cider vinegar, 4 garlic cloves, halved, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, crushed, 12 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed, 12 teaspoon cumin seed, crushed, 12 teaspoon salt, Eight 7inch flour tortillas, 2 cups grated Monterey Jack, 14 cup minced fresh coriander plus sprigs for garnish, 2 scallions, minced, Dried hot red pepper flakes to taste], title: Pickled Onion and Monterey Jack Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 26348: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the cookies: In a small mixing bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder and allspice. In a large mixing bowl, cream butter, shortening and sugar with a hand mixer. Add the cream cheese and the mix until smooth and creamy. Add the eggs 1 at a time and blend until fluffy. Slowly add the flour and mix until dough is combined. Turn out onto floured board and knead until dough is smooth. Divide dough into thirds and roll out to 14inch thick pieces. Cut out shapes with sharp knife or dough cutter and transfer to a greased parchment lined cookie sheet. Crush candies in a baggy and spoon into cutouts. Bake in the oven for 18 to 20 minutes or until edges are slightly browned and candies are thoroughly melted. Let cool on cookie sheet. Decorate with Royal Icing.nFor the icing: In a large mixing bowl, combine the meringue powder and sugar. Gradually whisk in 1 tablespoon of water at a time until icing has a creamy texture. Use the icing as a glue to assemble the houses, as desired., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 4 teaspoons allspice, 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 14 cup shortening, 2 cups brown sugar, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 2 eggs, 1 package clearcolored hard candies, 8 tablespoons meringue powder, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 8 to 10 tablespoons water], title: Gingerbread Birdhouses, picturelink: null}, 26349: {instructions: Combine corn kernels, milk, eggs and salt in processor or blender and puree. Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add onion and saute until translucent. Add chilies and corn mixture. Stir over low heat until the corn mixture thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Add cheese and stir until melted. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 cups corn kernels from 6 to 8 ears corn, 12 cup milk, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 red serrano chili, seeded, minced, 2 green serrano chili, seeded minced, 34 cup grated Cotija or Parmesan cheese], title: Humitas Seasoned Corn Puree, picturelink: null}, 26350: {instructions: Crack the eggs into a bowl and add some salt and pepper. Beat with a whisk or fork until well mixed. Trim the ends from scallions and slice thin. You should have about 12 cup. Cut the tomato into 12inch dice. You should have about 12 cup. Using a nonstick pan or a cast iron skillet, heat the oil until hot over a high heat. Add the scallion and tomato and a bit of salt and pepper. Saute until the tomato is broken down, stirring often, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs and scramble. Cook until just set. Lay the tortillas on a flat surface. Divide the eggs evenly between tortillas laying them in a strip from one side of the tortilla to the other, about 13 of the way up from the bottom. Pull the bottom of the tortilla up over the eggs, tuck the tortilla into the egg until it feels snug and roll it up, like making a nori roll. Cut the rolls into halves or thirds. Serve immediately or reheat on a panini press before serving. This recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 large eggs, Salt and pepper, 6 scallions, white and green parts, Plum tomato or 12 of a large tomato, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 12inch whole wheat tortillas], title: Eggs Colombian, picturelink: null}, 26351: {instructions: For the creme anglaise: Combine the milk, chicory, cloves and cinnamon in a medium saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Remove the pan from the heat, cover, refrigerate and leave to infuse for at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour.nMake an ice bath by setting a medium bowl or large measuring cup into a large bowl of ice.nStrain the milk mixture through a fine mesh sieve into a clean, small saucepan discard the solids. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks and sugar until very pale and thick. Very gradually whisk the hot milk mixture into the eggs. When full incorporated, transfer back to the saucepan. Reduce the heat to low and add the brandy and orange zest. Switch to a wooden spoon and cook, stirring, until the mixture coats the back of the spoon, about 5 minutes.nStrain into the bowl set in the ice bath. Add water to the ice to cool the sauce down faster. Stir the sauce until cool. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour.nFor the beignets: Mash the bananas in a large bowl using a potato masher or large fork. Add the banana liqueur, vanilla extract, granulated sugar and muscovado sugar, and mix well. In another bowl, mix the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and nutmeg. Add the banana mixture to the flour mixture and pour in the milk. Mix until smooth and thick, like waffle batter, adding a little more milk as needed. Set aside to rest for at least 10 minutes or up to 1 hour.nIn a heavy pot set over medium heat, heat 2 to 3 inches of vegetable oil to 350 degrees F. Drop the batter by heaping teaspoonfuls into the oil and fry until golden brown on both sides, turning once when the edges are firm. Drain on paper towels. Serve immediately, or keep warm in a 200degree oven for up to 2 hours.nPlate the beignets atop a pool of creme anglaise. Dust with powdered sugar before serving., ingredients: [2 14 cups whole milk, 14 cup coarsely ground chicory coffee, 6 whole cloves, 1 cinnamon stick, 4 large egg yolks, room temperature, 12 cup granulated pure cane sugar, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 3 very ripe bananas with lots of brown spots, 2 teaspoons banana liqueur, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup pure cane granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons light brown muscovado sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 2 to 4 tablespoons whole milk, Vegetable oil, for frying, Powdered sugar, optional], title: Bananas Foster Beignets with Cafe Brulot Creme Anglaise, picturelink: fz5SAEjIbmxbM3nsYWln9ePhNs32a6}, 26352: {instructions: For the slaw: In a bowl, blend the grapeseed oil, red onions and apples. Then add the green onions, lemon juice and salt and pepper blend. Mix well.nFor the sauce: In a bowl, combine the applesauce, ketchup, pork rendering and hot sauce, blending well. Save to sauce the shrimp.nFor the shrimp: In a saute pan over high heat, add the grapeseed oil and warm for 1 minute. Then add the shrimp, salt and pepper, and reduce the heat to medium. Cook the shrimp for 3 minutes, stirring throughout the process. Once cooked, add the prepared sauce and stir to blend.nTo plate, place slaw on a plate, top with shrimp, spoon excess sauce over shrimp and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 14 cup julienned red onion, 1 large apple, peeled and julienned, 14 cup biascut green onions, loosely packed, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt and white pepper blend, 14 cup unsweetened applesauce, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons pork rendering, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 24 shrimp 2125 count, peeled and deveined, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper], title: Sauteed Shrimp, Spicy BBQ, Apple Slaw, picturelink: SWb.zdc99MoGWZdJSM9skbnK0TGxGTm}, 26353: {instructions: Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat.nIn a microwavesafe bowl, combine butter, garlic spread, and seasoning. Cook in microwave on high setting about 1 minute. Brush each slice of bread on 1 side with butter mixture. Place bread on grill, butteredside down, and cook for 1 minute. For nice grill marks on bread, turn each slice 14 turn and grill for an additional 30 seconds.nRemove from grill and serve warm.nINDOOR: Prepare butter spread and brush 1 side of bread as directed. Heat a skillet over medium heat. Place bread, butteredside down, in a skillet and cook until golden, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons garlic spread recommended: Lawrys, 12 teaspoon mesquite seasoning recommended: McCormicks Grill Mates, 8 slices thicksliced white bread], title: Grilled Texas Mesquite Toast, picturelink: 5hqBMlzLZeBNUy11CwKJLeEthjXRJqG}, 26354: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the butter in a 2quart saucepan and set over medium heat. Once the butter has liquefied, decrease the heat to lowest setting then adjust to maintain a low boil. Cook for approximately 45 minutes or until the butter reaches 260 degrees F, is clear, and the foam on top is slightly browned. Strain the clarified butter through 4 layers of cheesecloth set into a hand strainer into a heatproof vessel. Cool completely before refrigerating in an airtight container for up to six months. Can be frozen for up to a year., ingredients: [1 12 pounds unsalted butter, cut into 1inch pieces], title: Clarified Butter, picturelink: iwp3lpniV6BivRKhI1T.GVEfnivROu}, 26355: {instructions: Heat grill to medium heat. Toss shrimp with 2 tablespoons Southwest Vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill shrimp 4 to 5 minutes or until pink, turning once. Combine salad blend, snap peas from pouch, black beans, avocado and red onion in large bowl. Toss with Southwest Vinaigrette, to taste. Divide salad mixture on 4 plates. Top each with grilled shrimp and sprinkle with crushed tortilla chips, as desired.nSouthwest Vinaigrette: Whisk together 13 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons lime juice and 1 tablespoon dry taco seasoning from 1ounce package until blended. Season with salt and ground black pepper, to taste. Makes about 1 cup., ingredients: [1 pound raw mediumlarge shrimp, peeled and deveined, Southwest Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Salt and ground black pepper, to taste, 1 pkg. 8.75 oz. DOLEu00ae Extra Veggieu00bf with Snap Peas, 1 cup canned black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 medium avocado, peeled and cubed, 12 cup sliced DOLE Red Onion, Lightly crushed tortilla or corn chips, 13 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon dry taco seasoning from 1ounce package], title: Grilled Shrimp, Snap Pea and Spring Mix Salad with Southwest Vinaigrette, picturelink: DGyyk4kttQCgnHssrNp3mvpdLUjv9iC}, 26356: {instructions: Arrange crackers, cheeses, celery sticks and a dish of olives on a cutting board or large serving platter and set out for snacking as dinner cooks., ingredients: [1 package crackers, your favorite variety, 12 pound each: Manchego, Cabrales Blue and Mahon, or other assorted Spanish cheeses, 4 ribs celery, halved lengthwise, then cut into 4inch sticks, 1 pound Spanish green olives from specialty olives cases near deli in large markets, or other mixed olives], title: Spanish Cheeses, Celery Sticks and Olives, picturelink: 9lwOtUPI47kBtOEYomMYFfrFzj9swt2}, 26357: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Lay the asparagus in the center of the prepared baking sheet, drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and toss with 14 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper. Roast until the asparagus just begins to change color, 5 minutes.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven and place the bok choy to the left of the asparagus. Drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil and sprinkle with the grated ginger, 14 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon black pepper toss to coat. Place the salmon fillets to the right of the asparagus, spacing them evenly apart. Brush with hoisin.nRoast until the bok choy is tender and the leaves begin to crisp, the asparagus is tender, and the salmon is cooked through yet still moist, about 12 minutes more. Divide salmon and vegetables between two plates and top with sliced scallions., ingredients: [1 small bunch thin asparagus about 10 ounces, tough ends snapped off, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 6ounce skinless salmon fillets about 1 12 inches thick, 4 teaspoons hoisin sauce, 4 baby bok choy about 10 ounces, halved lengthwise, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, about 1 tablespoon, 1 scallion, thinly sliced on a bias], title: Glazed Salmon and Bok Choy SheetPan Dinner, picturelink: I2fpWNxrutIcNPzNSYEIf6nSJxGeCSW}, 26358: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare the grill for direct and indirect cooking.nOnce the grill is hot you can hold your hands an inch over the grates for no more than 2 seconds, stretch and shape the dough into a 12inch round on a flat surface. Brush the top with oil and toss on the grill, oilside down. Cook until the bottom is golden brown, 1 minute. Check the bottom of the dough to see if it is getting browned. If it is on one part, but not the other, use a spatula or tongs to rotate the dough 90 degrees and cook for another minute. If it is still not beginning to brown, cover the grill and continue to cook a minute at a time until the bottom has browned evenly. It should only take a couple minutes if you have a hot grill. The top of the pizza dough will also start bubbling up with air pockets.nOnce the pizza dough has browned on the bottom, flip over and grill until golden brown and the dough is just firm, another minute or so. Remove to a sheet pan. Cover the grill so it retains the heat for the next step.nCombine the mascarpone cheese and honey. Smear the mascarpone over the pizza and scatter the plum wedges and berries on top. Put the pizza on the sheet pan back on the grill, close the cover and cook just to warm the fruit, about 2 minutes. Dust with confectioners sugar and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 storebought pizza dough, Canola oil, for brushing, 1 12 cups mascarpone cheese, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 plums, cut in wedges and grilled, 1 cup raspberries, 1 cup blackberries, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Bobby Flays Dessert Pizza, picturelink: hhB44y.ckVR1tcPfj2qHGbic8oBd.EO}, 26359: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a 2 quart saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth, about 2 minutes. Always stirring, gradually add the milk and continue to whisk until the sauce is smooth and creamy. Simmer until it is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. This will take approximately 10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in nutmeg, 12 cup fontina, prosciutto and season with salt and white pepper. Set aside.nIn a large pot, bring to a boil 6 quarts of salted water. Add the rigatoni and cook for about 5 minutes. Since you will be cooking the pasta a second time in the oven, you want to make sure the inside is still hard. Drain in a colander. Return pasta to the pot and pour in bechamel sauce. Using a wooden spoon, mix well until all the pasta is coated with the sauce.nInto a greased 13by9inch baking dish, pour the pasta with cream sauce. Smooth out top and sprinkle with remaining 12 cup fontina. Dot the top with diced butter and bake in oven for 25 minutes or until bubbling and the top is golden brown., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter 4 ounces, 12 cup and 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 quart whole milk, at room temperature, Pinch fresh nutmeg, Sea salt and white pepper, 1 cup grated fontina, 12 pound thinly sliced prosciutto, julienned, 1 pound dry rigatoni, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced], title: Baked Rigatoni with Bechamel Sauce, picturelink: obv4pNPVTO2ynEybgm1w2NHE9hgJMAG}, 26360: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nFor the crust: Combine flour and salt. Cut in shortening. Gradually add milk just until mixture will hold together. Roll and fit into 9inch pie pan. Crimp edges.nFor the filling: Boil sweet potatoes until tender. Peel and cut into 14inch thick slices. Combine the sugars and spices. Layer sliced potatoes with sugar mixture in crust. Dot each layer with butter. Pour cool scalded milk over filling.nFor the streusel topping: Combine all ingredients except butter. Cut butter into mixture and stir or rub until crumbly. Sprinkle on top of the filling and bake for 1 hour. Best served warm., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 23 cup hydrogenated shortening, 6 tablespoons cold milk, 3 to 4 sweet potatoes, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch mace, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup scalded milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 cup pecans, chopped, 12 cup chilled butter 1 stick, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Sliced Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: null}, 26361: {instructions: Cut fish into halfinch cubes. Peel, deseed, finely dice and then mince jalapeno pepper. Finely dice sweet white onion and mince garlic clove. Pick cilantro.nZest and juice limes and lemon, reserving zest. Combine above ingredients with olive oil in a bowl and refrigerate for an hour. Zest, then remove grapefruit peel and cut segments from the pith. Peel and seed avocados and cut into small cubes. Combine lime, lemon and grapefruit zest and rough chop. Stir together marinated seafood mixture with grapefruit segments, avocado cubes and zests. Salt and pepper to taste. Serve with white corn tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 12 lbs. white fish, 1 12 lbs. bay scallops, 2 Tbs. good quality extra virgin olive oil, 1 jalapeno pepper, 1 sweet white onion Maui or Vidalia, 1 garlic clove, 2 Tbs. handpicked whole small cilantro leaves, juice of 5 limes zest and reserve as garnish, juice of 2 lemons, 3 red grapefruits, 3 avocados, salt, pink peppercorns, coarsely ground, white corn tortilla chips], title: Ceviche, a Cold Seafood Soup, picturelink: null}, 26362: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace onions in the bottom of a 5quart slow cooker. Season pork butt with salt and pepper. Place in slow cooker on top of onions, fat side up.nIn a medium bowl, stir together barbeque sauce, mustard, tomato paste, chicken broth and lime juice. Pour over pork. Cover and cook on LOW setting for 6 to 8 hours.nRemove pork and let rest for 5 to 10 minutes.nIn a large bowl whisk together sour cream, mayonnaise, lime juice, and hot sauce. Add coleslaw blend and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Place in refrigerator for 1 hour before serving. Serve on top of pork sandwich.nSlice pork and serve on buns with spicy coleslaw., ingredients: [1 large Vidalia or other sweet onion, sliced, 3 pounds pork butt, rinsed and patted dry, Salt and pepper, 1 cup barbeque sauce, 12 cup yellow mustard, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 lime, juiced, White hamburger buns, for serving, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 16ounce package coleslaw mix recommended: Dole, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tangy Pork Sandwiches with Spicy Slaw, picturelink: FB9hdK8GkMAX5gMgWfNDSbcEuyXc8gu}, 26363: {instructions: Preheat a large saute pan on high. Season the fish with fleur de sel, pepper and curry powder. Coat the pan with canola oil and sear the fish until golden brown. Flip and cook the other side equally brown, about 6 to 8 minutes total. Meanwhile, in a small nonreactive saucepan, slowly reduce the juice until 80percent reduction. The juice will darken. Add the butter 1 piece at a time and whisk. Season and taste. Square off the baked potatoes and cut in half lengthwise.nPlating: On 4 dinner plates, place the potatoes in the middle and surround with the sauce. Place fish on each potato island. Garnish with crispy garlic.nWine suggestion: Marco Felluga Pinot Grigio 1999, ingredients: [4 pieces haddock, 4 ounce fillets, skin off, Fleur de sel and black pepper, to taste, Madras curry powder, for seasoning, 2 cups broccoli juice, made from juicing the florets and peeled stems, 3 ounces butter, cold and cubed, 2 large Yellow Finn or other waxy potatoes, baked, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, shallow fried on medium heat until light brown and crispy, Canola oil, to cook], title: Seared Madras Haddock with Broccoli Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26364: {instructions: Family recipe and Modern recipe: Place all spices, vodka or cognac, depending on recipe, in a glass jar overnight. Strain the liquid through a fine sieve into a saucepot. Add the wine and sugar. Heat very slowly until hot and the sugar has dissolved. Make sure that the brew does not boil. Serve in small cups or mugs and garnish with raisins and almonds., ingredients: [5 cinnamon sticks broken into pieces, 20 whole cloves, 1 piece ginger, 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds, crushed, 1 orange, peel removed and reserved, 3 drops vanilla extract, 12 cup cognac, 1 bottle red wine, 1 cup sugar, Raisins, for garnish, Blanched whole almonds, for garnish, 3 cinnamon sticks, 10 whole cloves, 1 piece fresh ginger, 1 orange, peel removed and reserved, 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds, crushed, 34 cup vodka, 1 bottle red wine, 34 cup sugar, Raisins, for garnish, Blanched whole almonds, for garnish], title: Glogg, picturelink: null}, 26365: {instructions: Grease an 8inch loaf pan, and then set aside.nIn a deep bowl, beat together the eggs, milk and salt if using with a fork. Add half of the prosciutto and provolone, and all of the croissant pieces. Use a rubber spatula to stir until well mixed. Pour into the prepared pan. Press the croissants down with the spatula to help them absorb the milk mixture. Sprinkle the remaining cheese and prosciutto on top. Cover with foil, and refrigerate at least 2 hours or up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove the foil, and bake until puffed and the cheese is golden, 30 minutes more. Serve hot., ingredients: [Butter or cooking spray, for greasing, 3 eggs, 1 cup milk, 14 teaspoon sea salt, optional, 2 ounces prosciutto, cut into strips, 2 ounces provolone, shredded, 4 dayold croissants, cut or torn into 12inch pieces], title: Prosciutto and Provolone Croissant Bread Pudding, picturelink: 38FjUekAaxM.93rd7d5kTZY6HYUm6}, 26366: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace chicken pieces into a plastic container and cover with buttermilk. Cover and refrigerate for 12 to 24 hours.nMelt enough shortening over low heat to come just 13inch up the side of a 12inch cast iron skillet or heavy fry pan. Once shortening liquefies raise heat to 325 degrees F. Do not allow oil to go over 325 degrees F.nDrain chicken in a colander. Combine salt, paprika, garlic powder, and cayenne pepper. Liberally season chicken with this mixture. Dredge chicken in flour and shake off excess.nPlace chicken skin side down into the pan. Put thighs in the center, and breast and legs around the edge of the pan. The oil should come half way up the pan. Cook chicken until golden brown on each side, approximately 10 to 12 minutes per side. More importantly, the internal temperature should be right around 180 degrees. Be careful to monitor shortening temperature every few minutes.nDrain chicken on a rack over a sheet pan. Dont drain by setting chicken directly on paper towels or brown paper bags. If you need to hold the chicken before serving, cover loosely with foil but avoid holding in a warm oven, especially if its a gas oven., ingredients: [1 broilerfryer chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 2 cups low fat buttermilk, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons Hungarian paprika, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Flour, for dredging, Vegetable shortening, for frying], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: bHqkvMDieGZbtDqr.rJqO15aJJ8vG8W}, 26367: {instructions: Grate the zest of 2 large lemons thinly slice the fruit into rounds. Discard seeds. Toss the zest and slices with 34 teaspoon dried lavender, 14 teaspoon salt and 2 cups sugar. Cover for 24 hours. The next day, beat 4 eggs and 4 tablespoons melted butter stir into the filling. Pour into pie shell.nPerfect AllButter PiecrustnPulse 3 12 cups flour, 14 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a food processor. Add 1 diced stick cold butter process until combined. Add 2 more diced sticks cold butter pulse three times, or until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 1 tablespoon white or cider vinegar. Gradually pour in 13 cup ice water, pulsing about four times until combined. Turn out onto a clean surface and press into a cohesive dough without overworking you should see bits of butter. Wrap in plastic wrap and press into a 1inchthick disk refrigerate at least 1 hour before rolling out.nHow to Make a PienDivide the chilled dough in half roll 1 piece into a 12inch, 18inchthick circle on a lightly floured surface refrigerate the other piece.nRoll the dough onto a rolling pin, then unroll it into a 9inch glass pie plate, letting it hang over the edge add filling.nRoll out the other piece of dough and place over the filling press the crust edges together and trim, leaving a 1inch overhang. Roll up or pinch the overhang to seal.nPlace a foillined baking sheet on a rack in the lower third of the oven preheat to 450 degrees. Wrap an oiled, wide band of foil around the pie edge to protect the crust. Make slashes in the top of the crust chill for 30 minutes.nReduce the oven to 400 degrees. Bake the pie for 30 minutes. Remove the foil band, brush the crust with heavy cream and sprinkle with sugar. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes cool before slicing.nPhotograph by Karl Juengel, ingredients: [], title: LemonLavender Pie, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 26368: {instructions: Add the cauliflower to a steamer basket and place inside a saucepan with 1 inch of water. Bring to a boil, cover and cook until fully tender, about 6 minutes. Remove the cauliflower from the steamer and cool.nAdd the cauliflower, chickpeas, tahini, oil, garlic, cumin and salt and pepper to taste to a blender and blend until smooth. Add 14 cup water to thin it out, if necessary. Serve with raw vegetables., ingredients: [1 small head cauliflower, cored and cut into florets about 3 cups, One 15ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 3 tablespoons tahini, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Raw vegetables, such as carrots, celery and bell peppers, for dipping], title: Lighter Hummus, picturelink: null}, 26369: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 4ounce cups or ramekinsnThese gorgeous and very simple little desserts are somewhat like creme caramel or French flan. The brown sugar adds a delicious, rich, toffeeish flavor. You can even bake them in little espresso cups.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nWhisk the eggs in a bowl. Add the brown sugar, and mix well.nPlace the milk, cream and orange zest, if using, into a saucepan and bring up to a simmer. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and gradually pour into the egg and sugar mixture, whisking continuously. Pour the custard mixture through a sieve and into a large jug, and skim off any froth from the surface.nPlace the cups or ramekins in a baking dish, or wide shallow pan, and fill them up with the custard. Pour enough hot water into the baking dish to come halfway up the sides of the cups or ramekins known as a bainmarie and cover with foil. Bake in the oven for about 40 minutes, or until the custards are just set in the center.nRemove the custards from the baking dish, and serve warm or allow to cool. Either way, sprinkle a little bit of extra brown sugar on top just before serving.nThese gorgeous and very simple little desserts are somewhat like creme caramel or French flan. The brown sugar adds a delicious, rich, toffeeish flavor. You can even bake them in little espresso cups.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nWhisk the eggs in a bowl. Add the brown sugar, and mix well.nPlace the milk, cream and orange zest, if using, into a saucepan and bring up to a simmer. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and gradually pour into the egg and sugar mixture, whisking continuously. Pour the custard mixture through a sieve and into a large jug, and skim off any froth from the surface.nPlace the cups or ramekins in a baking dish, or wide shallow pan, and fill them up with the custard. Pour enough hot water into the baking dish to come halfway up the sides of the cups or ramekins known as a bainmarie and cover with foil. Bake in the oven for about 40 minutes, or until the custards are just set in the center.nRemove the custards from the baking dish, and serve warm or allow to cool. Either way, sprinkle a little bit of extra brown sugar on top just before serving., ingredients: [2 eggs, 2 ounces soft dark brown sugar, 1 cup milk, 14 cup heavy cream, Finely grated zest of 1 small orange, optional, Soft dark brown sugar, for sprinkling, 2 eggs, 2 ounces soft dark brown sugar, 1 cup milk, 14 cup heavy cream, Finely grated zest of 1 small orange, optional, Soft dark brown sugar, for sprinkling], title: Baked Brown Sugar Custards, picturelink: null}, 26370: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nToast cumin, coriander and cinnamon in a medium saucepan over low heat until fragrant. In a clean spice grinder or coffee grinder, blend spices until fine. Add the toasted spices to a bowl with paprika and cayenne. Season with kosher salt. Stir in the olive oil and lemon juice.nPrepare chicken by splitting it down the back and removing the backbone, breast bone and rib cage. Lay the chicken out flat and rub the blended spices all over. Marinate for up to 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a large cast iron skillet or other heavy ovenproof pan over mediumhigh heat. When hot, add a 2 count of extravirgin olive oil and place the chicken skin side down in the pan. Cover it with a second cast iron pan you could also use a more traditional foilwrapped brick immediately so the skin doesnt have time to contract. Reduce the heat to medium and cook for 10 to 15 minutes until chicken is golden brown and has a nice crust. Finish cooking in the oven for a further 20 to 25 minutes. Internal temperature between the leg and thigh should register 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, when cooked through. Serve with Mint Yogurt Dressing and Apricot Couscous.nWhile chicken is cooking, combine yogurt, cilantro, mint, green onions, honey, lemon juice, extravirgin olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a blender. Blend until mixture is fully combined and has a smooth consistency.nIn a medium saucepan add a 2 count of extravirgin olive oil. Add the red onion, apricots and almonds and saute gently over low heat until translucent and slightly fragrant. Add the couscous then dump in the warm chicken broth. Stir with a fork to combine, add lemon zest and cover. Let sit for 10 minutes, then uncover and add the scallions, mint, and cilantro. Fluff again with a fork. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Toss gently to combine.nServe familystyle on a large platter and garnish with fresh cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cumin seed, 2 tablespoons whole coriander, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 whole freerange chicken 3 pounds, split see directions below or have butcher split chicken for you, Extravirgin olive oil, Mint Yogurt Dressing. recipe follows, Apricot Couscous, recipe follows, 1 12 cups plain yogurt, 12 bunch chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 12 bunch fresh mint leaves, 2 green onions, green parts only, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 lemon, juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 small red onion, small dice, 14 cup dried apricots, coarsely chopped, 14 cup whole almonds toasted, coarsely chopped, 1 cup couscous, 1 12 cups chicken stock, warm, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 scallions green parts only, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, roughly chopped, 12 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped plus leaves for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Brick Chicken with Apricot Couscous, picturelink: oAZ6nAUIdcK5Gh6NMTXk64uiPwtGkk2}, 26371: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together with a large spoon and season with the salt. Refrigerate 20 minutes before serving to let the salt draw the moisture from the vegetables to create its own sauce., ingredients: [14 head green cabbage, shredded, 2 carrots, grated, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 red chile, seeds removed and chopped, 1 white onion, sliced thinly, 3 Roma tomatoes, sliced into half moons, Salt], title: Kachumbari, picturelink: null}, 26372: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Sift together dry ingredients then add egg yolks, oil, water, zest, and vanilla and mix well. When incorporated, fold in egg whites. Bake for 1 hour. When cake is cooled, slice in half and frost in between layers, on top and around sides.nBeat cream cheese with lemon juice until fluffy. Mash 6 grapefruit sections into small pieces. Add sugar to cheese mixture along with food coloring, fruit zest and blend will. Add remaining grapefruit., ingredients: [2 14 cups sifted cake flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 egg yolks, 12 cup vegetable oil, 34 cup water, 1 lemon, zested, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 8 egg whites, whipped to stiff peaks, Grapefruit Frosting, recipe follows, 24 ounces cream cheese, softened, 4 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 pounds fresh grapefruit, sectioned, 1 cup powdered sugar, 12 drops yellow food coloring, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon orange zest], title: Grapefruit Cake, picturelink: null}, 26373: {instructions: Set up grill for direct cooking over medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking.nCarefully remove pizza dough from can. Unroll dough and place on hot oiled grill. Let cook 2 minutes and turn over using cookie sheet.nSpread Alfredo sauce over pizza leaving a 1inch border. Next, top with remaining ingredients in order listed. Cover and cook 8 to 10 minutes, or until cheese has melted and begins to bubble. Serve hot.nINDOOR: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly spray baking sheet with cooking spray set aside. Carefully unroll dough and place on prepared baking sheet. Press out dough with fingers to form 13 by 9inch rectangle. Bake in preheated oven for 7 minutes, or until crust just begins to brown. Remove crust from oven and top as directed. Return to oven for 8 to 10 minutes, or until crust is golden brown and cheese is melted and begins to bubble., ingredients: [1 13.8ounce can refrigerated pizza crust dough recommended: Pillsbury, 12 cup roasted garlic Alfredo sauce recommended: Classico, 2 cups shredded Italian 5cheese blend recommended: Kraft, 14 onion, sliced, 1 6ounce package grilled chicken breast strips recommended: Louis Rich, 4 roasted garlic cloves recommended: Christopher Ranch, 14 cup shredded Parmesan recommended: Kraft, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning recommended: McCormicks], title: White Pizza, picturelink: kqZuI8dRkTT.8oxvO9sTmGxDPctKxS}, 26374: {instructions: Ice Wine Granite: In a small mixing bowl, dissolve the sugar in the water. Add the ice wine and mix well. Place in the freezer and stir with a fork every 20 minutes for approximately 2 hours. The texture of the finished product should look like coarse snow. When ready to serve, scoop 12 2ounce scoops into 12 tiny serving bowls to be set on the dessert plate.nLace Cookie: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, cream the butter and the powdered sugar together, then add the corn syrup and raspberry puree. Fold in the flour until incorporated. Scoop 12 2ounce scoops of batter onto a parchment paperlined sheet pan. Bake for 12 minutes, then let cool for 5 minutes, and remove from pan and serve. Place on the dessert plate behind the chocolate cake.nChocolate Cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl whisk the pasteurized egg yolks, egg whites, and sugar until combined. In a medium saucepan, heat the butter to a simmer, then remove from heat and add the chopped chocolate and stir. When chocolate is melted, add the sugar and egg mixture and stir until incorporated. Fold in the flour gently until a smooth batter is achieved. Grease 12 4ounce ramekins and then fill each ramekin to the top with the batter. Bake for 15 minutes, then let stand for 5 minutes, and turn out. Serve immediately, accompanied by the Ice Wine Granite and Lace Cookie., ingredients: [4 ounces sugar, 8 ounces water, 8 ounces ice wine, 6 ounces butter, 6 ounces powdered sugar, 14 cup corn syrup, 1ounce raspberry puree, 8 ounces allpurpose flour, 4 ounces pasteurized egg yolks, 7 ounces pasteurized egg whites, 11 ounces sugar, 11 ounces butter, 11 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, sifted], title: Chocolate Cake with a Warm Creamy Center, Ice Wine Granite and a Crispy Chocolate Lace Cookie, picturelink: null}, 26375: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the potatoes in a saucepan and add enough water to cover generously. Salt the water, bring to a slow simmer over medium heat, and cook until the potatoes are tender when poked with a fork, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the cream and milk in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Keep warm until ready to mix with the potatoes.nDrain the potatoes, and push them through a ricer into a mixing bowl. Begin whipping the potatoes u00bf either in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or with a handheld mixer u00bf adding the butter as you go. When the butter has melted, gradually add threequarters of the hot cream mixture, whipping until the potatoes are soft and fluffy. Add 12 teaspoon salt and the pepper, and then any additional cream mixture as needed for the potatoes to achieve the texture of stiffly whipped cream. Serve immediately, or cover and set over a double boiler to keep warm., ingredients: [2 pounds Russet potatoes, cleaned and quartered 3 to 4 potatoes, Fine sea salt, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 cup whole milk, 8 tablespoons 1 stick salted butter, cubed, room temperature, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Whipped Potatoes, picturelink: FrggI2IOJLYDkJS8VPRFg2DKp5hPXLG}, 26376: {instructions: To Boil:nBring 1inch salted water to a boil in a large skillet. Add asparagus in 1 layer. Cook until tender, about 5 minutes for medium and 7 minutes for jumbo. Drain and transfer to a serving platter. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and top with a pat of butter.nTo Steam:nBring 1inch salted water to a boil in the bottom of an asparagus steamer. Place asparagus in basket stem side down. Steam jumbo asparagus until tender, about 5 minutes for medium and 7 minutes for jumbo. Remove from steamer and transfer to a serving platter. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and top with a pat of butter., ingredients: [1 pound medium or jumbo asparagus, trimmed, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, Unsalted butter], title: Asparagus, picturelink: 6Op1bVWzlsKeBljXhECv4t70xVn.tJC}, 26377: {instructions: For the frozen syrup: Using a paring knife, split the vanilla bean in half and scrape out the seeds. Place the seeds and the empty pod in a medium saucepan. Add the water and whisk until the vanilla seeds have separated. Add the sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest, lime juice, and lime zest. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally until the sugar has dissolved. Simmer for 5 minutes, remove the pan from the heat, and cool completely, about 20 minutes. Remove the vanilla pod and discard. Pour into an 8by8inch glass baking dish and freeze for at least 10 hours or preferably overnight until frozen mixture will still be slightly soft.nFor the topping: In a small bowl, mix together the creme fraiche and sugar. Set aside.nTo serve: Divide the mango between 4 dessert glasses. Using a spoon or an ice cream scoop, spoon a layer of the frozen syrup on top. Divide the pineapple and place on top. Spoon another layer of frozen syrup on top. Drizzle the top of the parfaits with the topping and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 vanilla bean, 2 cups water, 2 cups sugar, 1 large lemon, zested and juiced, 2 large limes, zested and juiced, 1 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 large mango, peeled, seeded and cut into 12inch pieces to yield about 1 12 cups fruit, 12 pineapple, peeled cored and cut into 12inch pieces to yield about 3 cups fruit], title: Citrus Parfait with Pineapple and Mango, picturelink: null}, 26378: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sundried tomato jam:nPlace a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the chopped sundried tomatoes, 1 tablespoon of the reserved sundried tomato oil, olive oil, onion, and garlic. Stir and cook until the onions are soft and beginning to brown at the edges, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the sugar, vinegar, water, chicken broth, thyme, salt, and pepper. Bring the liquid to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes. Remove the cover and continue simmering until most of the liquid is reduced and the mixture is the consistency of jam, about 5 to 10 more minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nFor the crostini:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.nPlace the baguette slices on the baking sheet. Using a pastry brush, lightly coat the baguette slices with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until lightly toasted, about 8 minutes.nPlace the soft goat cheese in a small bowl. Stir in the thyme.nTo assemble:nSpread the crostini with sundried tomato jam and top with the goat cheese and herb mixture. Transfer to a serving plate and serve., ingredients: [One 8ounce jar sundried tomatoes packed in oil, drained and chopped, oil reserved, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 onion, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup water, 12 cup chicken broth, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 baguette, cut into 34inch slices, 14 cup olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 5 ounces goat cheese, room temperature, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Crostini with SunDried Tomato Jam, picturelink: KsYJOe3voy4EloURAsT0IL5npyCzB2a}, 26379: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDissolve the 3 packets of yeast in 2 cups of warm water. Let the mixture sit for a few minutes.nPlace flour and salt in large deep bowl. Add yeast mixture. The best way to mix this recipe is with your hands. Gradually add water while mixing until it resembles a loose doughy consistency, not too thick and not too watery. You may not have to use all the water. Make sure all the flour is combined. Transfer dough to a larger bowl. Cover with 2 medium size towels and put the bowl in a warm place for 2 hours to rest. After 2 hours, you will see that the dough has tripled in size and is ready for frying.nPlace 2 quarts of oil in deep pot 4 or 6 quart size. Heat oil until very hot. Grandma did not use a thermometer. She knew the oil was ready by dropping a small amount of dough into the pot.nYou can use a large serving spoon, but we still use our hands, drop golfball size piece of dough into hot oil. Fry 1 side for a minute until golden brown. Turn over and fry for another minute. Drain in a large colander Italians call it the scolapasta.nTransfer drained zeppoli to large platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. When half the dough is used, combine the raisins with the remaining dough. Repeat the frying process until all the dough is used.nPlace the warm zeppolis on large serving platter. Serve with powered sugar., ingredients: [3 packets super active dry yeast, 1 quart, plus 2 cups warm water, 2 12 pounds allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 quarts canola oil, 1 12 cups raisins, 1 cup powdered sugar], title: Grandma Nancys Zeppoli, picturelink: 38yYOaQBKTWq821tdLWNMoBM047WOMK}, 26380: {instructions: Combine the ground chicken, onion, breadcrumbs, garlic, lemongrass, cilantro, lime zest, fish sauce and sugar into a large bowl. Incorporate the ingredients well with your hands. Divide and shape the mixture into 6 patties, and then cover and refrigerate them for 30 minutes.nLight a barbeque or preheat a chargrill pan that has been brushed with a little flavored, light oil, such as grape seed or canola.nGrill the patties for 4 minutes on each side or until they are fully cooked through. To serve, layer the burgers on the soft rolls with lettuce, mint, cilantro leaves and chili sauce. These burgers are great with the Spicy Slaw.nMix together the vinegar, sugar, lime juice, fish sauce, chiles and salt. Stir together until the sugar is dissolved.nMix together the sugar and rice vinegar, add the carrot and let marinate for 20 minutes. Drain the carrot and add to the cabbage with the celery, onion, mint and cilantro in a large bowl. Add the dressing and toss together. Serve with the burgers., ingredients: [1 12 pounds, ground chicken, 1 onion, finely grated, 1 cup fresh white bread crumbs, 1 clove garlic, 1 lemongrass stalk, green part removed, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons finely grated lime zest, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 2 teaspoons caster sugar superfine, Soft rolls, Lettuce leaves, Fresh mint, Cilantro leaves, Asian Chili Sauce, Serving suggestion: Spicy Slaw, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, mirin or white vinegar, 1 tablespoon caster sugar superfine, 1 12 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 long red chiles, deseeded and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons caster sugar superfine, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, mirin or white vinegar, 2 large carrots, cut into small matchsticks, 2 cups white cabbage, shredded, 4 celery ribs, trimmed, cut into small matchsticks, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 cup cilantro leaves], title: Chicken Burgers with Lemongrass and Lime, picturelink: null}, 26381: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper. Gradually whisk in the oil. Whisk in the herbs. Use immediately or store, covered, in the refrigerator for 2 days., ingredients: [14 cup white wine or champagne, 1 to 3 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced herbs, such as tarragon, chives, andor parsley], title: Herb Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 26382: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSeason the chuck with the salt and pepper, to taste. In a large oven safe Dutch oven prefer porcelain coated cast iron over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and heat until just smoking. Add the beef in batches, being careful not to crowd and be sure to brown the meat on all sides. Remove the meat from the pan to a baking sheet, or something that can catch the juices. Add the onions and carrots to the Dutch oven and pan and cook for 5 to 6 minutes, the moisture from the onions will loosen the fond, so stir often. Add the peppers and the shallots and cook until caramelized and all of the liquid is evaporated. Stir in the tomato paste and allow to cook out the raw acidic flavor, about 1 minute. Add in the caraway, sweet and hot paprika, the red chili flakes, the marjoram, and thyme. Deglaze with the balsamic and let reduce for 2 minutes. Slowly add the stock, then add the beef and any juices collected from the meat. Add the bay leaves, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir gently to combine. Cover and cook in the preheated oven for 2 hours, stirring occasionally. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve with Grilled Polenta, if desired., ingredients: [4 pounds chuck, trimmed of excess fat, cut into 1 12 to 2inch cubes, 14 cup olive oil, 6 cups finely diced onions, 2 cups peeled and diced carrots, 1 Anaheim pepper, seeded and finely diced, 1 serrano pepper, seeded and minced, 1 cup finely diced shallots, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 tablespoons whole caraway seeds, toasted and ground, 1 tablespoon sweet Hungarian paprika, 2 tablespoons hot paprika pimenton, a Spanish hot paprika, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 2 tablespoons freshly minced marjoram leaves, 2 teaspoons freshly minced thyme leaves, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 4 cups chicken stock, lowsodium, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Guids Goulash for Zlotowitz, picturelink: PkNssU45SAwQnBtM6GEcLgqYYAzLlby}, 26383: {instructions: TurkeynGround turkey tastes great in this combojust make sure to use a mix of white and dark meat 90 percent lean and cook for 5 minutes per side.nBaconnThis serious burger comes with two strips of bacon. Bobby likes them crisp.nOnion RingsnTo make shoestring rings, heat 1 quart peanut oil to 360 degrees in a deep, heavy pot. Dredge thin Vidalia onion rings in flour seasoned with salt, pepper and cayenne dip in buttermilk seasoned with salt and pepper, then dredge in more flour. Fry until golden brown, turning once or twice, about 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels season with salt.nCheddarnThis extrasmoky burger calls for two thick slices of smoked sharp cheddar cheese.nBobbys BBQ SaucenHeat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a heavybottomed saucepan. Add the onion cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the ketchup and 13 cup water, bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients except salt and pepper simmer for 10 minutes, or until thickened, stirring occasionally.nTransfer the mixture to a food processor puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Pour into a bowl cool to room temperature. Spoon on burgers.nMakes: 1 cupnPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 Spanish onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 heaping tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 chipotle chile in adobo, chopped, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon molasses, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Cheyenne Burger, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 26384: {instructions: 1.Place all ingredients into the Vitamix container in the order listed and secure lid.n2.Select Variable 1.n3.Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n4.Blend for 3540 seconds or until mixture is smooth., ingredients: [u00bc cup 60 ml water, u00bd cup 120 ml pineapple juice, 1u00be cups 262 g green grapes, u00bc 53 g Bartlett pear, ripe, seeded and halved, u00bd 51 g avocado, pitted, peeled, u00bc cup 23 g coarsely chopped broccoli, u00bd cup 20 g spinach, washed, u00bc cup 60 ml ice cubes], title: All Green Smoothie, picturelink: V1zfnQkpsgaBAYMBVm33AaSZA1mp7nm}, 26385: {instructions: Chop the chocolate: Use a chefs knife to chop the chocolate as finely as possible this will help it melt quickly and evenly. Then place it in a medium glass bowl. Glass retains heat, so the chocolate will stay melted longer.nMake the ganache: Heat the cream in a small saucepan over medium heat until bubbles form around the edge. Remove from the heat and add about onefourth of the chocolate whisk until smooth. Slowly pour the cream mixture over the remaining chocolate in the bowl and let sit until the chocolate melts, about 30 seconds. Puree the melted chocolate with an immersion blender or beat with a whisk until all the lumps disappear and the ganache is smooth. Stir in the butter until smooth, then add liqueur, if desired. Jacques adds the liqueur last, so the flavor doesnt cook off.nPour and set: Line a rimmed baking sheet with plastic wrap, leaving a 2foot overhang on one side. Pour the ganache onto the baking sheet and spread evenly with a rubber spatula. Fold the plastic wrap back over and press directly onto the surface of the ganache. Let cool at room temperature at least 4 hours or overnight.nFor the truffles: Using two teaspoons, scoop small mounds of the ganache onto parchmentlined baking sheets. Set aside until firm enough to roll, about 15 minutes in the refrigerator or 2 hours at room temperature.nRoll into balls: Place the chocolate mounds between both palms, squeeze slightly and roll. Refrigerate until ready to coat.nTemper the chocolate: This is a gentle melting and cooling process that gives chocolate a glossy finish. For the coating, place the chopped chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water and stir until melted, about 40 minutes. Pour into a clean glass bowl stir to cool to between 88 degrees and 90 degrees, about 40 minutes. Jacques recommends a laser thermometer for checking the temperature.nDip and coat: Spread out the cocoa powder, coconut and nuts on parchment paper. One at a time, dip each truffle in the tempered chocolate with a twoprong dipping fork you can buy one at a bakingsupply store or break off the middle tines of a plastic fork. Lift the truffle and let the excess chocolate drip off. Roll in toppings and place on a rack to dry. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks.nPhotograph by Jim Franco, ingredients: [21 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 18 ounces generous 2 cups heavy cream, 2 ounces 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, softened, 2 ounces 14 cup orange liqueur or raspberry vodka optional, 3 pounds bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 cups Dutchprocess cocoa powder, sifted, 2 12 cups shredded coconut, toasted, 2 cups nuts, toasted and finely chopped], title: Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 26386: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nArrange the potatoes in 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish. Combine the cane syrup, butter, and salt in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then remove the pan from the heat. Stir in the orange zest and liqueur. Pour the sugar mixture over the potatoes, and toss the potatoes to coat. Cover the dish tightly with foil. Bake for 50 minutes, and then remove the dish from the oven, remove the foil, and bake until the potatoes are tender and the syrup has thickened slightly, basting occasionally, about 20 minutes.nCombine the butter, brown sugar, flour, cinnamon, salt, and pecans in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade, and pulse the mixture until it resembles coarse pebbles. Transfer the mixture to a bowl, then add the marshmallows and toss to combine.nRaise the oven temperature to 425 degrees F. Remove the baking dish from the oven and cover the potatoes with the marshmallow streusel. Return to the oven, and bake until the topping is bubbly and browned, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [4 pounds darkskinned sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 13 cup cane syrup, 1 stick butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 12 cup butter, at room temperature and cut into pieces, 12 cup lightbrown sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup toasted pecan pieces, 2 cups miniature marshmallows], title: Cane Syrup Glazed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: 1dB7MvdgRhBZkfuf7WOL8o18NQIX3b2}, 26387: {instructions: Special equipment: 12cup standard muffin tin, rimmed baking sheetn1. In a medium bowl, stir together the rolled oats, creme fraeche, milk, and butter with a wooden spoon until combined. In a small bowl, whisk the eggs together and stir into the oat mixture. Add the granulated sugar, brown sugar, and cherries and continue to stir until well combined.n2. In a separate small bowl, combine the whole wheat flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt and stir until well mixed. Gently fold the dry ingredients into the wet oat mixture. The batter will be gloppy. Transfer the batter to an airtight container and place in the fridge. Let the batter sit for at least 8 hours or up to overnight in the refrigerator.n3. When ready to bake, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F180 degrees C, and place a rack in the center of the oven. Line the cups of the muffin tin with paper liners, coat liberally with nonstick spray, or butter and flour them. Spoon about 1 cup240 ml of the batter into each muffin cup, filling it all the way to the brim and waaay over. It will seem like theres too much batter for the tins, but if you want the characteristic muffin top you need to overfill them. You can make smaller muffins if you prefer and reduce the baking time by about 10 minutes. The batter will be stiff and firm.n4. To make the topping: In a small bowl, stir together the oats, brown sugar, and cinnamon. Sprinkle the topping evenly over the muffins and place the muffin tin on a baking sheet to catch any drips. Bake for 45 to 55 minutes, or until the muffins are golden brown on top and spring back when pressed in the middle with a fingertip. Let cool in the tin on a wire rack for 20 minutes and then remove the muffins from the pan.n5. These muffins taste best the day they are made, but you can store them in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 2 days. If you keep them for longer than a day, refresh them in a 300 degrees F150 degrees C oven for 5 to 6 minutes. Or, you can freeze them, well wrapped in plastic wrap, for up to 1 week. Reheat directly from the freezer in a 300 degrees F150 degrees C oven for about 10 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup115 g unsalted butter, melted and cooled to room temperature, 2 large eggs, 23 cup135 g granulated sugar, 34 cup165 g packed brown sugar, 1 12 cups210 g frozen or fresh sweet or sour cherries, pitted and chopped, 1 14 cups210 g wholewheat flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup25 g rolled not instant oats, 3 tablespoons packed brown sugar, Pinch of ground cinnamon, 3 12 cups350 g rolled not instant oats, 1 14 cups300 ml creme fraeche, 1 cup240 ml whole milk, at room temperature], title: Brown SugarOat Cherry Muffins, picturelink: null}, 26388: {instructions: Top each turkey cutlet with half a slice of prosciutto and a whole leaf of sage. Roll up the cutlets and drizzle them with extravirgin olive oil, then season with salt, pepper and poultry seasoning. Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan. Arrange the rollups seam side down and cook 6 minutes on each side. Continue with the side dishes, see below, while turkey cooks. After rollups have cooked on both sides, transfer to a platter and reserve. Add butter to the skillet and reduce heat to medium low. Add flour to melted butter and combine with a whisk. Whisk in wine and cook out, 30 seconds. Whisk in 1 12 cups of stock and form a gravy. Add remaining chopped sage to gravy, salt and pepper to taste. Slide rollups back into gravy and simmer over low heat until ready to serve.nFor mushrooms and white beans, heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, then add garlic, red pepper flakes and mushrooms and cook 5 minutes to deepen color. Stir in cannelloni and season the mixture with salt and pepper, to taste. When beans heat through, a minute or 2, add the vinegar and stir in to cook out then add 12 cup stock to deglaze the pan. Turn off heat and serve.nFor the spinach, heat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add a tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, then the chopped pancetta. Brown the pancetta 1 minute then add onions and cook together 5 minutes, until they are just tender and pancetta bits are crisp. Add spinach to the pan and turn to wilt it while combining with onions. Season the spinach with nutmeg, salt and pepper.nServe 3 rollups in gravy with mushrooms and beans and spinach with onions alongside., ingredients: [12 pieces turkey cutlets, 2 packages, 6 slices prosciutto di Parma, cut in 12 across the center of the ham, 12 leaves whole fresh sage plus 2 tablespoons finely chopped, Extravirgin olive oil for drizzling, plus 4 tablespoons, divided, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 23 palm full, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry white wine, eyeball it, 2 cups chicken stock, divided, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 pound crimini baby portobello mushrooms, wiped clean and sliced, 1 15 ounce can white cannellini beans, drained, 2 tablespoons wine vinegar, white or red, 18 pound, 3 slices, pancetta, chopped, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1 pound triple washed spinach, stems removed and coarsely chopped, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it], title: Turkey Saltimbocca Rollups, Mushrooms and White Beans Ragout, Spinach with Pancetta and Onions, picturelink: null}, 26389: {instructions: Pour first four ingredients in a saucepan. Bring to boil lower heat. Chop the peppers, garlic, and diced onion very fine or run through a food processor, then add to the saucepan. Add the Worcestershire sauce and cook on medium heat 30 to 45 minutes. Optional thickener: 1 teaspoon cornstarch., ingredients: [3 ripe red tomatoes, diced, Juice of half a lemon, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 ounces tomato paste, 12 each red and green pepper, 5 cloves garlic, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 12 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce], title: The Super Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26390: {instructions: Whisk 14 cup each wholegrain mustard and olive oil, 3 tablespoons dijon mustard, 1 small minced shallot and 1 tablespoon chopped tarragon in a bowl. Whisk in 2 to 3 tablespoons water and season with salt and pepper. Serve on grilled steak.nTIP: Switch up the tarragon with whatever herbs you have on hand. This sauce is great as a burger topping, toonPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Mustard Steak Sauce, picturelink: RJz1k4.fiYf9QKJVC0BCscQZOvgTfC}, 26391: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the flour in a shallow dish. In another shallow dish, combine the panko, Italian seasoning, 13 cup Parmesan and a pinch of salt. In one more shallow dish, beat the eggs.nSet a shallow cooling rack in a baking sheet. Take each cube of chicken and lightly dredge it in the flour. Dip it in the egg wash, then roll it in the panko. Continue until all of the chicken cubes are coated in panko. Arrange on the cooling rack set in the baking sheet and bake, flipping halfway through, until golden brown on all sides, 15 to 20 minutes.nServe these baked nuggets with a side of steamed broccoli and a little bit of ketchup for dipping Your kids will freak out.nNow for your mature palate: Proceed with the pounded chicken, in the same fashion as the nuggets. First the flour, then the egg, then a good coating of the panko. Arrange the chicken on the rack on the baking sheet and bake until golden brown on both sides, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the linguine in a pot of salted water until it is al dente and drain, reserving about 14 cup of pasta water. Transfer the pasta back to the pot. Add the butter, parsley, juice from half the lemon, the reserved pasta water and the remaining 14 cup Parmesan and give it all a good toss.nTo dress it up a tad more, slice the remaining half lemon, then sear a few lemon slices in a small saute panso fancy.nServe the baked chicken over the pasta and serve with extra Parmesan, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups panko, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 13 cup plus 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for serving, Salt, 2 eggs, 2 pounds chicken breast, 1 pound cut into 1inch cubes and the other pound cut in half lengthwise and pounded out thinly, 1 cup broccoli, boiled or steamed, Ketchup, for serving, 12 pound linguine, 2 tablespoons butter, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, 1 lemon, cut in half], title: One Recipe, Two Meals: Crispy Baked Chicken, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 26392: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nScore fat side on ham in a diamond design. Put the ham, fat side up, on a rack in a roasting pan. Insert a meat thermometer, making sure it does not touch the fat or the bone. Bake uncovered until the meat thermometer registers 135 degrees F, about 1 12 hours.nCombine the peach preserves, mustard, hot sauce and ground cloves in a small bowl, to make a glaze. Whisk until smooth. Remove the ham from oven and brush with the glaze. Bake until the meat thermometer registers 140 degrees F, about 20 minutes.nArrange the ham on a platter and surround it with the peach halves. Spoon the relish into the peach halves, and serve.nCombine the vinegar, sugar, mustard, mustard seed, and turmeric in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the corn, onion, and bell peppers cook for 4 minutes. Add a pinch of cloves and stir to combine. Serve hot or cold.nYield: 1 14 cupsnPrep Time: 20 minutesnCook Time: 5 minutesnEase of preparation: easynIn a small saute pan, cook diced peach with water over medium heat until tender. Add the Loveless Cafe Corn Relish and a pinch of ground cloves and cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Serve the relish hot or cold.nYield: 1 12 cupsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 5 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [1 6 to 7pound fully cooked spiral sliced ham recommended: Loveless Cafe Country Ham, 12 cups peach preserves recommended: Loveless Cafe Peach Preserves, 1 tablespoon honey Dijon or stoneground mustard, 34 teaspoon hot sauce, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 3 large ripe peaches, pitted and halved, Loveless Corn Relish, recipe follows, PeachCorn Relish, recipe follows, 13 cup white vinegar, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon mustard seed, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 1 cup whole kernel corn, yellow, 14 cup diced onion, 2 tablespoons diced sweet red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons diced sweet green bell pepper, Pinch ground cloves, 1 fresh peach, peeled, pitted and diced, 13 cup water, 1 cup Loveless Cafe Corn Relish, Pinch ground cloves], title: Peach Glazed Ham with Peach Corn Relish, picturelink: null}, 26393: {instructions: Combine marjoram, rosemary, 1 teaspoon thyme and basil with salad oil in small pot. Simmer over low heat for 10 minutes. Strain through fine sieve and discard herbs. Drown bird in oil and add wine. Marinate for 3 hours, refrigeratednMeanwhile, fry pork fat in heavy saucepan until mostly rendered. Remove and discard crisp fatty pieces. Add onion and shallot. Lower heat and add remaining thyme and bay leaf. Add chicken livers and cook until browned. Remove bay leaf and pass liver mixture through a meat grinder or sieve.nAfter bird has marinated, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Dry bird thoroughly inside and out with paper towels and place sieved pate into rear cavity. Remold bird to its natural shape and secure both ends with poultry pins, then truss. Season bird with salt and white pepper, coat with clarified butter, and roast at 350 degrees F. for 45 to 60 minutes, until nicely browned and tender. Remove from the oven.nTurn up oven to 450 degrees F. Cut 1 20 by 18inch sheet of parchment paper in a heart shape. Grease well with clarified butter or oil. Place cooked chicken on one side of the heart, remove string and pins and enclose it in paper, pleating edges together to secure use staples, if you have to. Heat a little oil in large skillet and add parchment package. The air inside will expand, forcing the package to blow up. When fully expanded, grease the outer surface and place in oven until lightly browned and remove immediately. To serve, open bag and cut bird in two., ingredients: [1 teaspoon marjoram, 1 teaspoon rosemary, 2 teaspoons thyme, 1 teaspoon basil, 14 cup light salad oil, 1 1 pound baby chicken, boned with skin intact, 12 cup dry white wine, 6 ounces pork fat, cubed, 1 medium onion, finely sliced, 1 shallot, finely sliced, 1 bay leaf, 8 ounces chicken livers, finely chopped, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground white pepper, to taste, 14 cup clarified butter], title: Le Poussin en Surprise, picturelink: null}, 26394: {instructions: Grind the almonds in a food processor until ground fine. Add in 2 12 cups of sugar. Put the almond mixture into a small saucepan on medium high heat. Add in the liquids and simmer until sugar is dissolved. Put aside to cool.nOnce cool, shape tablespoonsized portions of the mixture into 1 12inchhigh pear shapes, wetting your fingers with the juice. Dredge each cookie in confectioners or granulated sugar to coat. Wrap individually in cellophane or place in a box with a lid. Let stand for at least 3 days before serving., ingredients: [3 cups blanched almonds, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon orange water, 14 cup orange juice, plus more, for shaping], title: OrangeScented Almond Cookies: Amygdalota me Orange, picturelink: u8Q8AwexokIPGzLMBqJbkAQzNbMfi4e}, 26395: {instructions: COMBINE all ingredients in container of ice cream maker mix well.nFREEZE according to manufacturers instructions. Freeze leftovers.nREFRIGERATORFREEZER METHOD:nOMIT half and half. Combine sweetened condensed milk and vanilla in large bowl. Fold in 2 cups 1 pint heavy cream, whipped DO NOT use nondairy whipped topping. Pour into 9 x 5inch loaf pan or other 2 quart container. Cover. Freeze 6 hours or until firm.nVARIATIONS:nPEACH ICE CREAM: REDUCE vanilla to 1 tablespoon add 1 teaspoon almond extract and 4 drops yellow and 2 drops red food coloring, if desired. Add 2 cups mashed fresh or frozen peaches, thawed or 1 16 oz. can peaches, drained and mashed. Proceed as above.nBANANA ICE CREAM: REDUCE vanilla to 1 tablespoon add 2 cups mashed bananas 4 medium. Proceed as above., ingredients: [4 cups 2 pts. halfandhalf or light cream, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 2 tbsps. vanilla extract], title: Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 26396: {instructions: Cut the mangos in half, using the tip of your knife to cut around the large seed in the center. With the knife tip make slashes in the pulp of the fruit but not through the skin. Cut again in the other direction so that youve made hash marks in the fruit. Now turn the skin of the fruit inside out so that the fruit projects outward. With a spoon scoop out the already cut fruit into a mixing bowl.nPeel the onion, cut in two and slice from root end to stem end into a fine julienne. Mix the mango and onion together.nCombine the honey, lime juice, mint and soy in a small bowl. Pour this vinaigrette over the mango and onion and serve., ingredients: [2 Florida mangos, 1 red Bermuda onion, 3 tablespoons warm honey, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped mint leaves, 1 tablespoon soy sauce], title: Mango Red Onion Salad with Mint Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 26397: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large pan over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the red pepper flakes and cook 1 more minute. Add the bell pepper, carrots, yellow zucchini, and green zucchini and cook until just beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the chickpeas, broth, white wine, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 rosemary springs, and bay leaf and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove the rosemary sprigs and bay leaf.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add enough canola oil to coat the bottom of the pan. Season salmon fillets with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Once the oil is hot, add the salmon work in batches to avoid overcrowding the pan and sear until the exterior is crisp and golden, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Place salmon in the oven to finish cooking to medium doneness, turning once, about 4 to 6 minutes depending on the thickness of the salmon.nTo serve, use a slotted spoon to scoop the chickpea mixture onto a serving dish. Place the seared salmon alongside the chickpeas and garnish with a sprig of rosemary., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup diced onion, 12 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 1 small red bell pepper, diced about 1 cup, 2 medium carrots, diced about 1 cup, 12 pound yellow zucchini, diced, 12 pound green zucchini, diced, 2 15 12ounce cans chickpeas, 2 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 2 sprigs rosemary, plus 6 sprigs for garnish, 1 bay leaf, Canola oil, for searing, 6 6ounce pieces centercut salmon fillets, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Seared Salmon with Confetti Chickpeas, picturelink: QoRWO28VYzwxO6J7FsRiB4UKcYeIhTe}, 26398: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the yogurt, garlic, lemon juice, salt and pepper, and sesame seeds. Add the grated celery and coconut and toss well., ingredients: [14 cup drained yogurt yogurt cream, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Juice of 1 lemon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, 2 bunches celery stalks, washed, peeled and grated, 1 cup grated fresh coconut], title: Celery and Coconut Salad, picturelink: null}, 26399: {instructions: Add the sugar and basil leaves to an oldfashioned glass and muddle gently. Fill the glass with ice, add the gin and stir. Add the StrawberryApple Juice and stir. Top with club soda, garnish with the basil sprig and serve.nJuice the strawberries, then the apple, following your juicers specific settings for each. Serve the juice immediately over ice, if desired., ingredients: [12 teaspoon sugar, 4 to 5 basil leaves, plus 1 sprig, for garnish, 2 ounces gin, 4 ounces StrawberryApple Juice, recipe follows, Club soda, for serving, 2 cups strawberries, tops removed, 1 medium Red Delicious apple, peeled and cored], title: Gin and Juice, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}}