{26400: {instructions: To roast the garlic, preheat oven to 425 degrees. Break the garlic into individual unpeeled cloves, season with salt and pepper and 1 teaspoon of olive oil. Place the garlic in a heatproof baking dish and place in the oven. Bake 25 minutes and set aside. Put chickens in a large bowl and add olive oil, corn oil, split head of garlic, rosemary and half the thyme sprigs. Cover and refrigerate. Let stand turning occasionally, for 24 hours. When ready to cook, scrape the herbs from the chickens, season with salt and pepper. It is not necessary to truss them. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Heat a heavy skillet large enough to hold the chickens in one layer without crowding, or use 2 skillets. Place the chickens in the skillets breast side down. Cook until the breasts are nicely browned, about 4 to 5 minutes. Turn the chickens to the opposite side and then on their backs. Brown each part of the chickens as they are turned. Place the chickens in the oven and bake for 30 minutes. Remove the chickens from the skillet and pour off the fat. Add the wine and vinegar if 2 skillets are used, use half the remaining ingredients for each skillet, the broth, the roasted garlic cloves, the remaining thyme sprigs tied in a bundle and salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a boil and cook for about 2 minutes. Swirl in the butter, stirring, and add any liquid that may flow from the inside of each chicken. Carve the chickens and arrange on dinner plates. Garnish each serving with thyme sprigs and roasted garlic cloves. Spoon the sauce over and serve Note: For a wood smoke flavor to the roast chicken  place a roasting pan on top of your stove burner. Add 1 cup of apple wood chips and cover with a wire rack. This must be done in a well ventilated area, or you can heat the pan on the stove and then bring it outside. Heat the pan on the burner on high heat until the wood chips begin to smoke. Place the chickens into the rack and cover with another pan inverted or aluminum foil. Smoke for about 5 minutes then remove from pan and begin browning. An old roasting pan should be used for this technique., ingredients: [12 whole cloves garlic, roasted, 2 3 to 3 12 pound chickens, cleaned weight, 10 tablespoons olive oil, 10 tablespoons corn, peanut or vegetable oil, 1 large head of fresh garlic, cut crosswise through center, 6 sprigs fresh rosemary or 1 teaspoon dried, 12 sprigs fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried, 4 teaspoons red wine vinegar and 14 cup white wine, 2 cups fresh or canned chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Chez Louis Roast Chicken, picturelink: null}, 26401: {instructions: Season chicken breasts and grill or bake. Cut chicken into thin julienne strips and set aside. In a hot saute pan over medium high heat saute the onion, garlic, and mushrooms with the oil, tossing, 2 minutes. Set aside. Wash the lettuce leaves, pat dry and place in the center of 6 salad plates. Toss the remaining ingredients with the dressing in a bowl. Add the chicken and sauteed veggies and mix well. Evenly divide the salad and center on the lettuce leaf. Garnish with a cilantro leaf. Serve chilled.nMix all of the ingredients together and pour over desired salad, pasta or fruit. Its also great over freshly sliced cucumbers, zucchini, peaches, pears, or apples. Toss and chewnPlace everything in a mill or coffee grinder and blend 15 to 20 seconds. Remove to a sealable container., ingredients: [2 skinless chicken breasts, 1 tablespoon Bills Chile and Herbs Mix, recipe follows, 1 onion, julienned, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup stemmed and julienned shiitake mushrooms, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 6 leaves butter lettuce, washed, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and julienned, 2 scallions, cut on bias, 1 zucchini, julienned, 1 cup shredded red cabbage, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup pineapple chunks in juice, drained, 1 cup Thai Citrus Dressing, recipe follows, 1 cup fresh squeezed tangerine juice, or orange juice, 1 tablespoon fresh squeezed lime juice, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame seed oil, 1 pinch fresh ground pepper, 1 teaspoon chile sauce recommended: Sriracha Thai, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 pinch Chinese fivespice powder, 4 tablespoons chile powder, 4 tablespoons dried basil, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon chipotle powder, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried tarragon, 1 teaspoon dried dill weed, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 2 tablespoons Szechuan peppercorns, crushed, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, crushed, 1 tablespoon coriander seed, crushed], title: Thai Chicken and Pineapple Salad with Thai Citrus Dressing, picturelink: null}, 26402: {instructions: Trim the fennel bulb and cut into slices about 14 inch12 centimeter thick. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a heavy saute pan and fry the fennel on both sides until tender and slightly golden., ingredients: [1 large fennel bulb, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: PanFried Fennel, picturelink: null}, 26403: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nRub salmon all over with 1 teaspoon oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast, skin side down, on a foillined baking sheet in upper third of oven until fish is just cooked through, about 12 minutes. Cut salmon in half crosswise, then lift flesh from skin with a metal spatula and transfer to a plate. Discard skin, then drizzle salmon with oil and sprinkle with herbs., ingredients: [1 5ounce piece salmon, with skin, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil plus additional, for drizzling, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 12 tablespoon fresh tarragon leaves, optional], title: Roasted Salmon, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 26404: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 F. Brush slices of Brioche with butter, arrange on a baking sheet and bake in oven until lightly golden. Heat a grill pan over moderate heat until hot. Add bacon and cook for 2 minutes on each side, or until lightly browned.nIn an egg poacher filled with simmering water, add the eggs and simmer them until cooked to taste.nMake the sauce: In a saucepan combine the wine, vinegar and shallots and simmer the mixture over moderately high heat until reduced to 2 tablespoons. Add the egg yolks and water and whisk until thick enough to see bottom of pan between strokes. Add butter and whisk until melted. Slowly add melted butter, a tablespoon at a time, removing pan from heat from time to time to prevent curdling, and continue to add butter until sauce is smooth and creamy. Season with salt, pepper and stir in fresh herbs. To assemble: Arrange two slices of bread on each of four serving plates, top with bacon and egg and nap with sauce. Garnish with fresh herbs.nDrink: Bloody Mary, ingredients: [8 slices Brioche, each cut about 12inch thick, Unsalted butter to taste, 8 slices Canadian bacon, 8 fresh large eggs, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons tarragon vinegar, 2 tablespoons finely minced shallot, 3 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons cold water, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, 12 cup melted unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon, Fresh tarragon sprigs for garnish, if desired], title: Eggs Benedict, picturelink: null}, 26405: {instructions: Add the sweetandsour mix, whiskey, cinnamon schnapps and egg whites to a cocktail shaker. Fill with ice and shake for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into a Collins glass and garnish with the maraschino., ingredients: [1 12 ounces sweetandsour mix, 1 12 ounces whiskey, 12 ounce cinnamon schnapps, such as Goldschlager, 12 ounce egg whites, 1 maraschino cherry], title: The 12th Element, picturelink: null}, 26406: {instructions: First, make the Dill Creme Fraiche. In a nonreactive mixing bowl, stir together all the ingredients. Cover with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for 2 hours.nFor the Poi Blini, in a mixing bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, salt, and fresh herbs. Stir in the buttermilk, milk, and egg. Fold in the melted butter and the mashed taro. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let the batter rest in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nTo make the blini, heat a nonstick griddle or skillet over medium heat. Spoon the batter onto the griddle 2 tablespoons at a time to form 3inch pancakes and cook them until golden, 1 to 2 minutes per side, flipping them over when bubbles appear on the top. You should have a total of 16 blini.nPut 2 poi blini on each serving plate. Spread them with the creme fraiche. Drape smoked salmon over each blini. Garnish with ikura, daikon sprouts, and micro greens, then drizzle lightly with olive oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups creme fraiche, 6 tablespoons lemon juice, 34 cup chopped shallots, 12 cup chopped fresh dill, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 12 tablespoon black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 34 cup buttermilk, 14 cup milk, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup melted unsalted butter, 12 cup peeled, steamed, and mashed taro root, 2 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, 3 tablespoons ikura salmon roe, 3 tablespoons daikon sprouts, 3 tablespoons micro greens tiny mixed salad greens, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Poi Blini with Smoked Salmon Lomi Lomi and Dill Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 26407: {instructions: Marinating chicken thighs: In a mixing bowl rub thighs with salt, lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, marjoram and pepper. Add the olive pieces and garlic, mix well. Cover and marinate for 6 hours.nSpinach stuffing: In a large pan melt 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat. Add spinach and 34 cup dill, cook for 3 to 5 minutes, or until spinach is wilted. Remove from heat. When cool enough to handle squeeze excess moisture from spinach mixture and toss with feta cheese, salt and pepper. Reserve.nAvgolemono sauce: In a small saucepan saute leeks in 2 tablespoons butter. Add chicken stock and simmer for 30 minutes. In a separate saucepan melt 3 tablespoons of butter. Add flour and stir over medium heat for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and strain stock into the roux all at once, whisking until thickened. Reserve. Stuff and saute chicken thighs: Remove olives from the marinade. Chop into small pieces and mix with spinach mixture. Remove chicken thighs from marinade, discard garlic pieces. Smooth out skin of each thigh and create a pocket. Divide spinach mixture and stuff each thigh between skin and meat. Dust with flour on both sides. Heat two skillets over mediumhigh heat and melt 1 tablespoon of butter in 2 tablespoons of olive oil in each. When foam subsides, add 3 chicken thighs to each skillet. Saute for 5 minutes per side or until golden brown.nYogurt garnish: In a bowl mix together yogurt and 12 tablespoon chopped dill.nTo finish: Beat eggs, 14 cup lemon juice and remaining 14 cup dill into sauce. Taste for seasoning. Warm gently over low heat do not boil, it will curdle. Drain chicken thighs on paper towels. Place each on dinner plate and pour warmed sauce around. Top with 1 tablespoon of yogurt garnish and a small sprig of dill., ingredients: [6 chicken thighs, boned, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 12 teaspoon ground marjoram, 12 Kalamata olives, chopped, 1 garlic clove, coarsely chopped, 12 pound spinach, washed and stemmed, 8 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 cup snipped dill, divided, plus 12 tablespoon chopped, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, Salt and pepper, 2 leeks, chopped, 2 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons flour, 4 eggs, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons plain yogurt], title: Spinach and OliveStuffed Chicken Thighs, picturelink: null}, 26408: {instructions: Toss 1 diced seeded acorn squash, 1 sliced shallot, 1 sliced seeded red jalapeno and 4 thyme sprigs with olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet season with 34 teaspoon kosher salt and some pepper. Roast at 425 degrees F, stirring occasionally, until the squash is browned and tender, about 25 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: Roasted Acorn Squash with Jalapeno, picturelink: ZEgzHbZyFAXQoNu0PxaAsbBfVfwDxr.}, 26409: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nStir the garlic into the tapenade. Separate the ready madestore bought pizza dough into 1 12ounce pieces and roll them out to 18inch if possible, roll out to desired thickness by using a pasta machine. Cover the top of the rolled out dough with olive paste and garlic mixture. Sprinkle the thyme on top. Lay the pecorino on top of pizzetta. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nBake the pizza for 15 minutes or until light brown a cracker like thinness and texture. Let cool for about 10 minutes, and serve., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 8 to 10ounce jar olive paste tapenade, 9 ounces store bought pizza dough, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 14 pound Pecorino cheese, thinly sliced, Salt and pepper], title: Pizzettas with Olive Tapenade and Pecorino Cheese, picturelink: FebiVXme8Iqwt7.Mu5EJsNcIZmYdha}, 26410: {instructions: Put the fingerling potatoes in a saucepot with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and add salt, and simmer, until just forktender.nCooks Note: You can use the same pot of water for boiling the eggs and blanching the beans. Just watch the time.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, make the dressing in a serving bowl, or if you have a mortar and pestle, use that. Begin with mashing the anchovy fillets into the mustard and garlic. Add the vinegar, and slowly whisk in the oil. If too thick, add a little water. Season with salt and pepper.nBlanch the beans in salted boiling water, drain and plunge or chill down in a cold water bath. Drain the beans on a towel.nPeel the eggs and cut in half.nDrain the potatoes, and while still warm, drop them into the serving bowl with the dressing. Add the beans and eggs. Gently fold all together, and serve warm in shallow white plate or bowls.nThis salad is also good served at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fingerling potatoes, Salt, 4 eggs, hardboiled and halved, 2 canned anchovy fillets, minced, 1 12 tablespoons grainy Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup canola oil, 14 cup water, Pinch of coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup baby green beans], title: Warm Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 26411: {instructions: To make the marinade: In a medium bowl, whisk together the garlic, lemon juice, and oil. Add curry powder, salt, pepper, and food coloring and whisk to combine. Add chicken and coat with marinade. Marinate chicken overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat a grill to medium heat. Remove chicken from marinade. Grill chicken for about 10 minutes on each side or until fully cooked through. Serve chicken on pita and top with tomatoes and Shawarma Sauce.nAdd garlic to the bowl of a food processor and process until chopped. Add tahini and pulse to combine. With the machine running, slowly add cold water until frothy. Add lemon juice and mix until creamy. Season with salt, to taste., ingredients: [10 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 lemons, juiced, 12 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoon ground pepper, 5 drops yellow food coloring, optional, 2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts, 4 pieces pita bread, 1 tomato, chopped, Shawarma Sauce, recipe follows, 3 cloves garlic, 1 cup storebought tahini, 3 cups water, 12 cup lemon juice, Salt], title: Chicken Shawarma, picturelink: null}, 26412: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together pomegranate juice, olive oil, red wine vinegar, and salad dressing mix set aside.nSeparate prosciutto slices, tear or chop into 12inch pieces.nIn a medium frying pan, heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat, add prosciutto pieces and brown on all sides approximately 3 to 4 minutes set aside on paper towels.nIn a large bowl, add arugula and salad dressing. Toss to combine and place on a platter.nTop with rolled up turkey slices, pear slices and crumbled goat cheese. Garnish with glazed nuts and prosciutto croutons., ingredients: [3 tablespoons pomegranate juice, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon garlic and herb dressing mix, 3 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 5ounce bag prewashed baby arugula, 34 pound smoked turkey breast, pieces rolled into cylinders, 1 15ounce can sliced pears, drained, 2 ounces goat cheese, 13 cup glazed walnuts and almonds, Roasted Tomato Basil Soup], title: Smoked Turkey and Pear Salad with Pomegranate Vinaigrette and Prosciutto Croutons, picturelink: j0O2Lxz0jK8DpLNtoFTLJY9FR4bu6K}, 26413: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350u00b0F.n2. If desired, tint the wooden skewers with the green food coloring, and set aside to dry.n3. Knead together the flour and cookie dough. Finely chop 1 cup of SNICKERSu00aeBrand Miniatures and gently knead the candy into the dough.n4. Shape the dough into slightly flattened 2 12inch circles. Insert the skewers into the sides of the dough, and bake until golden brown about 1012 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven, and lightly press an unwrapped DOVEu00ae Chocolate Heart in the middle of each cookie. Let cool completely.n5. To wrap the cookies, poke a tiny hole in the center of each sheet of cellophane. Slide a skewer through each hole, and have the cellophane collar the cookie. Completely cover each cookie by bringing the cellophane up and around, tying it on the top with a ribbon. Cut small leaves from the construction paper, and glue them onto the stems., ingredients: [1 cup chopped SNICKERSu00ae Brand Miniatures for Valentines Day, 14 cup flour, 1 tube 18 oz. refrigerated chocolate chip cookie dough, 18 pieces 1 cup DOVEu00ae Chocolate Hearts, Other supplies:, 18 12inch wooden skewers, 18 12inch square sheets various colors cellophane, 12inch strands curling ribbon, Nontoxic glue, Green construction paper, Green food coloring, optional], title: Chocolate Bouquet, picturelink: null}, 26414: {instructions: In a pot, cook the fresh tagliolini in salted boiling water. Approximately 1 minute before the pasta is al dente, remove the pasta from the pot and drain, saving some pasta water.nMelt the butter in a saucepan, and add the drained pasta along with a little pasta water. If the pasta appears to be too dry, add more pasta water. Add the Parmigiano cheese, grated truffles and cook everything together for a minute, so that the sauce thickens. Transfer the pasta to a warm plate and add a sprinkle of truffle shavings., ingredients: [1 pound fresh tagliolini pasta, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, Freshly grated truffles and truffle shavings], title: Tagliolini con Tartufo: Tagliolini with Truffles, picturelink: null}, 26415: {instructions: Mix all together and uses as a dry rub before cooking ribs or chicken., ingredients: [3 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons crushed red pepper, 12 tablespoon dry rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon dry sage, 2 tablespoons paprika], title: Goodies BBQ Rub, picturelink: null}, 26416: {instructions: Combine the blackberries, sugar, and coarsely chopped mint in a large bowl and mash with a potato masher or wooden spoon and let sit while making the tea.nWhile the blackberries are macerating, bring the water to a boil in a medium saucepan, remove from the heat, add the tea bags and let steep for about 3 minutes. Remove the bags and pour the tea over the blackberry mixture. Let the mixture sit at room temperature for at least 1 hour for the flavors to meld.nPour the mixture through a strainer into a pitcher, pressing on the solids, cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours. Cooks Note: You can also pour the mixture into a bowl set inside an ice bath to cool the mixture faster.nServe the blackberry tea over ice in tall glasses and float a shot of bourbon on top and garnish with lots of fresh mint sprigs...like a Mint Julep., ingredients: [3 cups fresh blackberries, 34 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 1 12 quarts cold water, 6 good quality black tea bags, Ice, as needed, Good quality bourbon, to taste recommended: Woodford Reserve, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: BlackberryBourbon Iced Tea, picturelink: JKKxvurg7s4DXBIIqldJtb8GMHK8Rq}, 26417: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the eggs to a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, turn off the heat, cover with a lid and let sit for 10 minutes. Drain the eggs, rinse and peel under cold water.nAdd the sour cream, red onion, avocado, garlic and lime juice to a large bowl. Slice the eggs in half and pop out the yolks into the mixture. Mash everything up until nice and smooth. Taste for seasoning and adjust if necessary. Fill the whites back up with the filling., ingredients: [12 large eggs, 12 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons minced red onion, 1 large ripe avocado, pitted and diced, 1 small clove garlic, minced, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Guacamole Deviled Eggs, picturelink: 8fbA5OMk.s7nW6Iq6.66qNHXslnVu}, 26418: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chicken pieces in a large bowl, then add the buttermilk, 1 tablespoon of the salt, 1 tablespoon of the pepper and 1 teaspoon of the paprika. Mix to combine. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.nIn a large, deep pot or Dutch oven pour enough of the oil to fill the pot 3 to 4inches. Heat over mediumhigh heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. Set a cooling rack over a baking sheet.nIn a large bowl, whisk to combine the flour, garlic powder, onion powder, the remaining 34 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon pepper and 1 tablespoon paprika. Whisk to combine the dredge.nLift the chicken from the buttermilk, then coat the pieces completely in the flour. Transfer the chicken to a baking sheet or large plate.nWorking in batches and being careful to not overcrowd the pot, add the legs and thighs to the hot oil and cook, turning and monitoring the oil temperature, until crisp and golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to the prepared rack. Add the wings and breast pieces to the oil and cook until deep golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to the rack, then drizzle with honey and serve., ingredients: [Two 4pound chickens, each cut into 10 pieces 2 legs, 2 thighs, 4 breast halves and 2 wings, 4 cups buttermilk, 1 34 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 12 tablespoons ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon paprika, 8 cups vegetable or canola oil, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 1 cup honey], title: Honey Fried Chicken, picturelink: FcH77eEKbBzdURdARcozzgsU3fWjOJC}, 26419: {instructions: Place the cold fatback into a saute pan and begin to heat over mediumlow heat. Allow the fat to melt and render as slowly as possible to insure that the pieces are completely rendered but remain very light golden brown. Add the butter to the pan, then the onions and allow the onions to sweat until very soft. Mix together the corn with the heavy cream and sugar, and add to the pan of fat and onions. Increase the heat to high and stir vigorously to emulsify the mixture. Once the mixture has reached a boil, turn off the heat and continue to stir for 30 seconds. Season with salt, black pepper and lemon juice. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup finely chopped salted fatback, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup finely chopped Vidalia onion, 1 cup grated white corn, with all pulp scraped from the cob, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lemon juice], title: Fried Creamed Corn, picturelink: rODAm1xpIq9HUN7kGf0GVnWilhRKFWC}, 26420: {instructions: 1. Lengthwise cut pea pods into slivers. In medium bowl toss together pea pods, carrots, tomatoes, green onions and basil. Set aside.n2. In small bowl whisk together coconut milk, lime juice, sesame oil and red pepper. Drizzle over vegetables. Toss to coat.n3. Cook vegan veggie burgers according to package directions.n4. Serve hot burgers in focaccia, topped with vegetable mixture.nNote: If your canned coconut milk has separated, place it in a mixing bowl. Whisk until combined before measuring.nON THE GRILL:nPreheat grillnUse a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 165 degrees F.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [1 cup fresh pea pods, 12 cup shredded carrots, 12 cup quartered cherry tomatoes, 13 cup sliced green onions, 2 tablespoons slivered fresh Thai basil or fresh basil, 14 cup unsweetened light coconut milk or unsweetened coconut milk, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil or sesame seeds, toasted, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 4 Grillersu00ae Vegan Veggie Burgers, 1 9inch focaccia, cut into fourths and horizontally split], title: Spicy Thai Vegan Burger, picturelink: BAL1.2XJjeB9HHcBpjqMIg45VDjhIjm}, 26421: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Place garlic in a small ramekin, drizzle with 1tablespoon olive oil, and wrap in foil. Bake until soft, about 45 minutes. When cool enough to handle, squeeze garlic flesh from head into a small bowl.nArrange tenderloins on work surface. Rub the top each tenderloin with 12 of the roasted garlic and season with salt and pepper. Mix together the herbs and scatter half of the mix over the garlic on each tenderloin. Wrap 6 strips of bacon around each tenderloin and tie bacon in place with kitchen twine.nHeat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat oil in a medium, skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sear the tenderloins until golden brown on all sides. Transfer seared tenderloins to medium roasting pan place in the oven and cook to medium doneness about 8 to10 minutes. Transfer tenderloins to cutting board and let stand 10 minutes. Remove twine before carving.nCombine juice, sugar and zest in a small nonreactive pan and reduce to 12 cup. Set aside.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Toss sweet potatoes in oil and roast in a large ovenproof skillet. Roast until lightly golden brown and just cooked through. Remove the pan from the oven and place on a burner over medium heat. Add the glaze to the potatoes and toss to coat evenly. Saute potatoes until all are glazed., ingredients: [1 head garlic, top sliced off, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pork tenderloins about 1 to 1 12 pound each trimmed of excess fat, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 12 fresh sage leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 14inch thick slices bacon, Lemon Glazed Sweet Potatoes, recipe follows, 2 cups fresh lemon juice, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon finely chopped lemon zest, 5 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: BaconHerb Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with Lemon Glazed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 26422: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan, heat the 2 tablespoons of the grapeseed oil and sear the pork loin on all sides. Transfer pork to a roasting pan and rub with roasted garlic pepper seasoning. Slowly roast in the oven until fork tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Allow pork loin to rest for 8 to 10 minutes before slicing.nWhile the pork is in the oven, begin the marmalade. In a hot skillet, heat the onions, red peppers and orange peppers heat them dry with no oil for about 3 minutes. The idea is to remove the liquid from the onions, by sweating them down. Add the honey, vinegar, wine, hot sauce and cranberry sauce, and stir well. Reduce over mediumlow heat until there is no liquid left in the pan and marmalade mixture is tacky.nTo make the garlic bread, melt the butter in the extravirgin olive oil over low heat. Add garlic and gently cook until it begins to soften. Assemble slices of bread on a baking sheet and spoon even amounts of the garlicoilbutter mixture on each slice. After you have removed the pork from the oven to rest, toast the garlic bread briefly in the oven. Slice down the pork tenderloin, and assemble the appetizer by layering a medallion of pork and a small amount of the marmalade on each piece of garlic toast., ingredients: [1 3pound pork tenderloin, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 14 to 12 cup Irvine Spices Roasted Garlic Pepper, 1 red onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 orange bell pepper, diced, 12 cup honey, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 12 cup cranberry sauce, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced or 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 long baguette, sliced into 12inch slices], title: Pork Tenderloin with Bell Pepper Marmalade, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 26423: {instructions: Combine mirin or white wine, orange juice, soy sauce, rice vinegar, red pepper flakes and water in a small bowl.nIn a large wok or very large 14inch saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon of oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook, stirring, until just browned, about 2 minutes. Transfer the beef to a plate. Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil over medium heat and cook garlic until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add snow peas, broccoli, asparagus and edamame, raise heat to mediumhigh, and cook for 3 minutes until vegetables are slightly softened. Add the mirinsoy mixture and cook, stirring, until edamame are cooked and asparagus is crisptender, about 4 minutes. Add the beef and dissolved cornstarch and stir to incorporate. Cook until mixture thickens slightly and beef is heated through, an additional 2 minutes. Drizzle with sesame oil and serve., ingredients: [14 cup mirin or semisweet white wine, like Riesling, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 8 ounces beef round tip steak, sliced 14inch thick, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups fresh snow peas 6 ounces, 1 large bunch broccoli 1 14 pounds trimmed and cut into small florets, 1 bunch asparagus 1 pound, trimmed and sliced on diagonal into 2inch pieces, 2 cups 8 ounces frozen shelled edamame, 1 12 teaspoons cornstarch dissolved in 14 cup warm water, 1 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Emerald StirFry with Beef, picturelink: MwkK6jb3Of.TRIFbFvJessk1dL3Tiy}, 26424: {instructions: Combine first four ingredients until well coated with butter. Press into bottom of 4 inch ring molds. Chill.nCombine 12 cup sugar and fromage blanc in large bowl, whisk over a hot water bath until sugar has dissolved. Squeeze all water out of gelatin sheets and add to warm fromage mixture, stir until gelatin has dissolved. Cool slightly over a water bath until slightly thickened. Whip yolks in mixer with second 12 cup of sugar until thick and pale, fold into fromage mixture. Carefully fold in whipped cream. Fill 4inch ring molds, smooth tops and chill until set.nServe with strawberry mint salsa.nBring sugar and water to a boil in a heavy sauce pan. Brush down sides of pan with a water to prevent sugar from crystallizing. Cook until amber in color and water has evaporated. Carefully stir in butter with a wooden spoon until completely blended. Quickly stir in almonds and remove from heat. Immediately pour onto a greased 12inch sheet pan. Cool.nYield: 3 cups, ingredients: [34 cup graham cracker crumbs, 34 cup chopped white chocolate, 34 cup toasted almond brittle, 14 cup melted butter, 12 cup sugar, plus 12 cup, 1 pound Fromage Blanc, 3 sheets gelatin, softened in cool water, 6 yolks, 1 12 cups heavy cream whipped to stiff peaks, 4 cups sugar, Water to dissolve, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 cups toasted almonds], title: Fromage Blanc Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 26425: {instructions: Reserve 4 raspberries and cut off 4 slices of lemon for the garnish. Mash the raspberries and sugar in a small bowl and let sit at room temperature to thaw and bring out their juices, about 15 minutes. Set a sieve over a pitcher and juice the lemons. Rinse the sieve and add the raspberries. Push the raspberry mixture through the sieve with a rubber spatula, leaving the seeds in the sieve. Pour 1 quart of cold water through the sieve to get remove the remaining juices. Stir the lemonade and check for sweetness. Serve in icefilled glasses and garnish with raspberry and a lemon slice. For the adults, add 1 12 ounces vodka to each glass., ingredients: [12 cup frozen raspberries, 4 lemons, 34 cup sugar, 6 ounces raspberry or citrus vodka, divided, optional], title: Raspberry Lemonade, picturelink: .yrPRgcBH4LxQL5QJjDjVnSfCfY.ALS}, 26426: {instructions: Put the basil, mint, lemon, orange, cucumber, and orange liqueur in a cocktail shaker. Add the ice, cover, and shake vigorously, or stir, until combined and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready when the shaker mists up. Pour into a chilled Collins glass and top with the sparkling sake. Drop in a pair of chopsticks to pick out the cucumber and oranges, if desired. Drink., ingredients: [1 fresh basil leaf, chopped, 6 fresh mint leaves, 2 lemon twists, 2 orange wedges, 14 English cucumber, seeded and diced, very cold, 1 12 ounces orange flavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau, Ice cubes, 250 ml bottle sparkling sake], title: Summer Solstice Sake Sparkler, picturelink: yVfWVIoIBnh4CXGaRLRNIsvHENXSdou}, 26427: {instructions: Trim the fat cap on the brisket to about 14 to 18 of an inch. Coat the brisket with a light coating of the yellow mustard. Mix the sugar and spices together to form the rub for the brisket. Apply the rub to both sides of the meat.nPlace the brisket in a preheated 194 to 205 degree F smoker until the meat reaches an internal temperature of 185 to 195 degrees F, about 1 12 hours per pound. Once the internal temperature is reached, remove the brisket from the smoker and allow it to rest for at least 30 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [6 pounds beef brisket, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 34 cup paprika, 2 tablespoons chipotle chili powder, 14 cup black pepper, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 14 cup salt, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper], title: Texas Brisket, picturelink: xJIUa95pMiEAnvxoTLEbsueRqIXiay6}, 26428: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange the bacon slices side by side on a parchmentlined baking sheet and bake until browned and crisp, 15 to 18 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nMeanwhile, make the pistachio cream: Combine the pistachios, red pepper flakes, garlic, lemon juice and spinach in a food processor and pulse until chopped with the motor running, slowly stream in the olive oil until incorporated. Season with salt and pepper and process 5 more seconds. Pour the mixture into a bowl and whisk in the crema set aside.nAssemble the quesadillas: On 1 half of each tortilla, layer 12 cup cheese, 3 slices bacon and a few date slices. Fold the tortillas in half to cover the filling. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 2 quesadillas and cook until golden on both sides and gooey in the middle, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Repeat with the remaining 2 quesadillas, adding the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the pan.nCut each quesadilla into 4 triangles serve with the pistachio cream.nPhotography by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [12 slices bacon, 4 10inch flour tortillas, 2 cups shredded manchego cheese about 8 ounces, 5 dates, pitted and julienned, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup salted pistachios, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, Juice of 12 lemon, 2 cups spinach, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup Mexican crema or sour cream], title: Bacon, Date and Manchego Quesadillas, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 26429: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together 1 gallon of water, the oil, sugar, yeast, salt and vanilla extract in a large 20quart stand mixer. Then add the flour. Continue mixing and allow a dough ball to form. Toss the dough into a raising bucket and let proof for 1 hour. Once risen, the dough is ready for use. Cut fistsize pieces from the batch and stretch and form into a circle to fit a 9inch plate.nFry the dough in batches in a deepfryer heated to 400 degrees, 30 seconds per side, until golden brown. Top with desired toppings., ingredients: [2 ounces vegetable oil, 2 ounces sugar, 1 ounce yeast, 1 ounce kosher salt, 1 ounce vanilla extract, 16 pounds allpurpose flour, Melted butter, Confectioners sugar, Cinnamonsugar, Your favorite Bavarian cream, Chocolate syrup], title: Boston Cream Fried Dough, picturelink: xeyYZFHDewwLCcFAdN0tbbNOHXxyXQO}, 26430: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Puree raw in a food processor shrimp, lobster, and crab with parsley, basil, shallots, lemon, wine, salt and pepper to make a puree. Some texture is nice. Do not over puree. Lay fillets of sole on a flat surface and spread puree evenly across the entire length. Place a single shrimp at one end of the fillet, with the tail shell facing away from the filet and toward what will be the top of the roll. Roll fillet, secure with a toothpick, and place in greased baking dish so that the roll is on its side and the shrimp tail is facing upward.nAdd shallot, lemon, wine, and dill to baking dish. Brush fillets lightly with remaining butter, place dish in oven, and bake 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [12 pound peeled, deveined shrimp, rinsed, raw, 12 pound lobster meat, raw, 12 pound crab meat, raw or from brine, 14 cup parsley, roughly chopped, 14 cup basil, roughly chopped, 5 large shallots, peeled and cut in half, 12 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons white wine, Salt and pepper, to taste, 6 fillets of Dover sole to spread puree across, 6 shrimp, peeled, deveined, with tail shell left on, to be rolled into center of the Sole, 1 8 by 8inch shallow baking dish, 14 cup Butter, to grease pan and to coat fish before baking, 5 shallots, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 cup white wine, 14 cup dill, loosely chopped], title: Seafood Stuffed Dover Sole, picturelink: null}, 26431: {instructions: Place the walnuts in a small saute pan with the sherry and sugar. Cook over high in heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until the sherry and sugar caramelize on the walnuts. Set aside to cool.nTo make dressing, mix the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, champagne, mustard, and sea salt in a mixing bowl until smooth and creamy.nPlace the lettuces into the bowl, top with the mango and pear, drizzle with about 12 of the dressing, and toss. Then add avocado slices, crumbled pieces of blue cheese, candied walnuts, and pomegranate seeds.nDrizzle the remaining dressing and serve immediately., ingredients: [18 cup walnuts, 2 to 3 tablespoons sherry, 1 tablespoon sugar, Approximately 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, Approximately 18 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup Champagne, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Sea salt, 34 cup cleaned and chopped endive, 34 cup cleaned and chopped arugula, 1 mango, peeled, pitted and cut into small dice, 1 ripe pear, peeled, cored and cut into small dice, 1 ripe avocado , sliced, Crumbled blue cheese, for garnish, Pomegranate seeds from 12 pomegranate, for garnish], title: Pomegranate and Bitter Green Salad, picturelink: null}, 26432: {instructions: Prepare the stuffing with the water and butter according to the package directions.nSpoon the stuffing across the center of a 3quart shallow baking dish. Place the pork on each side of the stuffing.nStir the soup and milk in a small bowl. Pour the soup mixture over the pork. Cover the baking dish.nBake at 400 degrees F for 30 minutes or until the pork is cooked through. Sprinkle with the cheese., ingredients: [4 cups Pepperidge Farmu00ae Corn Bread Stuffing, 1 14 cups water, 14 cups 12 stick butter, 6 boneless pork chops, 34inch thick about 1 12 pounds, 1 can 10 34 oz. Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Celery Soup Regular or 98 Fat Free, 13 cup milk, 12 cup shredded Cheddar cheese], title: Pork Chops and Stuffing Bake, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 26433: {instructions: For the bacon, onion and tomato jam: Toss the bacon into a large saute pan with a few drops of olive oil and the crushed red pepper flakes. Bring the pan to medium heat and cook the bacon until brown and crispy, 6 to 7 minutes. Spoon out 2 tablespoons of the rendered bacon fat from the pan and reserve. Add the onions and tomatoes and season with salt. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until the tomatoes and onions are soft and very aromatic, 12 to 15 minutes. Taste and reseason if needed. Stir in the oregano. Keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the toast and wilted spinach: Preheat a castiron griddle pan over mediumhigh heat. Once heated, add the butter and melt. Once melted, add the Pullman rounds and toast on both sides until golden brown, about 1 minute per side. Once toasted, remove from the pan and carefully rub each piece with the garlic cloves. Set aside on plates.nAdd the reserved bacon fat to a large saute pan and preheat over mediumhigh heat. Once heated, add the spinach and salt and stir until wilted. Drain and discard any excess water. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed. Top the bread with the spinach just before serving.nFor the poached eggs: Fill a medium saucepan twothirds of the way with water. Add the vinegar and bring to boil BTB. Reduce the heat until no bubbles break the surface of the wateru00bfthe idea is to create an egg Jacuzzi, a very gentle cooking method.nCrack the eggs into the poaching liquid and cook for 4 minutes. When done, the whites will be cooked through and the yolks will be warm and runny.nRemove the eggs from the poaching liquid and blot on a paper towel before putting on the wilted spinach and toast. Top with the bacon jam and garnish with fresh oregano.nServe with a pitcher of freshly squeezed grapefruit juice., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, cut into 14inch lardons, Extravirgin olive oil, Pinch crushed red pepper, 12 onion, cut into 14inch dice, 2 beefsteak tomatoes, seeded and cut into 12inch dice, Kosher salt, 1 sprig fresh oregano, leaves finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Four 1inch slices Pullman loaf, cut into 3inch rounds, 2 cloves garlic, 12 10 ounce bag fresh baby spinach, Freshly chopped oregano leaves, for garnish, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 4 large eggs, 8 grapefruits or enough to yield 4 cups juice, freshly squeezed, for serving], title: Poached Eggs, Wilted Spinach and Pullman Loaf Toast with Bacon, Onion and Tomato Jam, picturelink: BDM3UA1WdLaSkQF81N.iV3x3TD4fxD.}, 26434: {instructions: Mix marinade ingredients in a large bowl. Stuff the snapper cavity with the marinade ingredients. Tie snapper with kitchen string to keep the ingredients inside of fish. Marinate in the refrigerator for 4 hours.nPreheat the grill. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nFor sauce, heat up olive oil in pan. Cook tomatoes for 3 to 4 minutes. Add basil and butter and cook for 3 minutes. Add pine nuts and season with salt and pepper.nPlace the snapper on an oiled grill and cook until there are grill marks on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Place on a sheet pan or in a baking dish and roast until the fish is cooked through, about 15 more minutes. Serve snapper with the sauce., ingredients: [2 cups chopped yellow onion, 1 cup chopped red onion, 12 cup chopped scallion, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons chopped thyme leaf, 3 tablespoons chopped rosemary, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 cup olive oil, Salt, 4 whole snappers, cleaned, scaled and deboned, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound ovendried tomatoes, 4 teaspoons chopped basil, 1 cup butter, 1 cup toasted pine nuts, Salt and pepper], title: Whole Grilled Snapper with Tomatoes, Pine Nuts, and Brown Butter Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26435: {instructions: Add the oil and shallots to a large, highsided saute pan over medium heat. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt, then cover and sweat do not caramelize for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the rice and toast for about 5 minutes, stirring to coat the grains with oil. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until aromatic. Deglaze the pan with the red wine.nMeanwhile, in a medium saucepan, warm the beet juice and vegetable stock. Slowly add the beet juice mixture to the risotto pan, one ladle at a time, stirring and adding ladlefuls only once the previous has been absorbed. Cook in this manner until the rice is tender and all the liquid has been added, 30 to 40 minutes.nStir in the butter and then the pecorino. Taste for seasoning and adjust as needed. Serve garnished with Roasted Red Beets, more pecorino, and chives.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the beets in the center of a large piece of foil and drizzle with the olive oil. Add the garlic, rosemary and some salt and pepper. Crimp the edges of the foil together to seal. Roast until tender, 40 minutes. When cool enough to handle, remove the skins and cut the beets into dice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup minced shallots, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups arborio rice, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup red wine, 4 cups fresh red beet juice, 1 12 cups vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup finely grated pecorino, plus extra for garnish, Roasted Red Beets, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives, 4 to 5 red beets, washed of excess dirt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Beet Risotto with Pecorino, picturelink: 3nd4sIAfIkXmY5cGOBm4uOX.Tym4o.}, 26436: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over high heat.nIn a food processor combine onion, garlic and cayenne. Finely chop the mixture by pulsing.nHeat oil in a small pan over medium low heat. When oil is warm, stir herb and garlic mixture into oil and heat 3 to 5 minutes, then remove from heat. The oil will become infused with the flavor of the herbs and garlic. Transfer to a bowl and stir in vinegar and salt. Taste to adjust seasonings.nCut chicken tenders into thirds and place in a shallow dish. Wash hands.nSpoon half of your chimichurri over the chicken and coat completely and evenly. Using tongs, transfer the bites to the hot grill and cook 2 or 3 minutes on each side. Transfer bites to a serving plate. Serve with party picks and reserved chimichurri sauce for dipping., ingredients: [1 rounded tablespoon sweet paprika, 34 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, a couple of handfuls, 3 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, 3 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 bay leaves, crumbled, 12 small white onion, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 3 splashes, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 12 to 1 34 pounds chicken tenders], title: Rachaels Chimichurri Chicken Bites, picturelink: cnC1yU09c3Fo.qic9dTuDQrg6ojPl2e}, 26437: {}, 26438: {instructions: Mix flour, salt, garlic, pepper and onion powder together to make seasoned flour mixture.nTenderize steaks by running through a meat tenderizer or beating with a hand meat tenderizer. Soak in buttermilk briefly and then dip in seasoned flour mixture.nHeat butter in saute pan on medium high heat. Place breaded steaks in pan and cook until golden brown and tender. Approximately 10 minutes per side.nServe with Country Gravy.nBrown garlic in the bacon grease. Stir in flour until smooth. Let roux grease and flour cook lightly for a couple of minutes stirring frequently. Add cream and water stirring constantly. Simmer until gravy thickens and is hot. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon onion powder, Two 5ounce Black Angus top round steaks, Buttermilk, 4 ounces whole butter, Country Gravy, recipe follows, 1 medium garlic clove, minced, 2 ounces bacon grease, 4 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup water, Black pepper, to taste, Kosher salt, to taste], title: Country Fried Round Steak, picturelink: null}, 26439: {instructions: Season the chicken with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Place the flour in a large bowl. Roll the chicken in the flour to coat, shaking off excess flour. Transfer 3 tablespoons of the flour to a medium bowl and set aside.nIn a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook, turning halfway during cooking, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate and set aside.nPour off all but 3 tablespoons of the oil from the skillet. Reduce the heat to medium. Add the onions, celery, and garlic and cook, stirring often, until tender, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with the reserved flour and stir well. Gradually stir in the broth and bring to a simmer.nReturn the chicken to the skillet. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the chicken is cooked through and shows no sign of pink when pierced at the bone, about 35 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a deep platter and cover with foil to keep warm. Bring the sauce to a boil over high heat and cook, stirring often, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Season the gravy with salt and pepper and pour over the chicken. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 3 12 pound chicken, rinsed and cut into 8 pieces, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more to taste, 1 cup flour, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 onions, chopped, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 1 garlic clove, minced, 3 cups chicken broth], title: SayMyName Smothered Chicken and Gravy, picturelink: null}, 26440: {instructions: For the filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add the peaches, maple syrup, arrowroot, vanilla and cinnamon to a large bowl, and mix thoroughly to combine. Transfer the fruit mixture to an 8by11inch baking dish, and spread out in an even layer.nFor the topping: Combine the almond milk and lemon juice in a small bowl, and set aside for 5 minutes to clabber curdle. Sift the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and baking soda into a medium bowl add the coconut sugar and salt, and whisk to combine. Drizzle the coconut oil into the flour mixture, and use your hands to work the oil in until all the flour is moistened. Add the clabbered almond milk and the maple syrup, and stir until just incorporated.nCrumble the topping over the filling, and bake until the fruit is bubbling and the topping is browning around the edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the cobbler from the oven, and set aside for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [7 large ripe peaches, pitted and sliced into 13inch pieces about 2 34 pounds, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 4 teaspoons arrowroot powder, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup unsweetened almond milk or soy milk, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 12 cups whole spelt flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup coconut sugar, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 14 cup extravirgin coconut oil, melted, 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup], title: Vegan Peach Cobbler, picturelink: hHwJFvU8uS0KMjIE3mTQsHOA2DsoeK6}, 26441: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSprinkle the corned beef with a little water, wrap it tightly in aluminum foil and steam it in the oven.nMeanwhile, put the whole loaf of rye bread unwrapped into the oven. Bake the bread until the crust is very crunchy, about 15 minutes. Set the bread on the counter and let it cool for about 5 minutes.nWhen the rye bread is cool enough to handle place it on a cutting board. Hold the bread knife at a 45degree angle and cut 12 slices.nTake the corned beef out of the oven and unwrap it. Spread each slice of bread with Russian dressing. Layer half of the slices with corned beef, sauerkraut and slices of Swiss cheese, then top the sandwiches with the remaining slices of bread dressingside down.nHeat 2 large heavy skillets over medium heat. Brush the bread with butter. Put the sandwiches in the pans and weight them with a lid or heat proof bowl topped with something heavy. Cook until the first sides are crisp and golden about 7 minutes then flip the sandwiches. Cook until the second sides are also well toasted and the cheese is melted. Lift the sandwiches onto a cutting board. Cut each in half diagonally and serve.nCombine the mayonnaise, chili sauce, sour cream, parsley, onion, pickle, lemon juice, horseradish and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl and mix well., ingredients: [1 loaf unseeded and unsliced Jewish Rye bread, 2 pounds corned beef, sliced see Cooks Note, 12 ounces Russian dressing, recipe follows, 12 ounces sauerkraut, 12 slices Swiss cheese, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 34 cups mayonnaise, 14 cup plus 2 to 3 tablespoons chili sauce, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 2 teaspoons chopped curly parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon minced Spanish onion, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon minced dill pickle, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon grated horseradish, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Zingermans Reuben Sandwich, picturelink: 3ENo21eejvN1rr1N6lJfWKGNXyU1Uq}, 26442: {instructions: Preheat oven to 275 degrees. Wash and clean the beans, then place them in a bowl and cover with water. Let soak overnight, adding more water if necessary. Drain the beans and wash again. Put beans in a saucepan, cover with fresh water, and bring to a boil. Boil until the beans are soft, then drain, reserving the broth. Layer the beans, onions, sugar, diced bacon square and all other ingredients in a bean pot or ovenproof dish, adding bean broth to bring beans to desired consistency. Bake uncovered for 5 to 8 hours, stirring occasionally. If beans seem to be getting too brown, put on cover while baking., ingredients: [1 pound navy beans or Great Northern pea beans, 12 medium onion, diced, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 14 pound bacon square smoked hog jowls, diced, 13 cup sorghum, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon salt], title: The Barons Mothers Mrs. Mary Kirks fromScratch Baked Beans, picturelink: null}, 26443: {instructions: In a resealable plastic bag, add the chops, apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, ginger, garlic, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Marinate for 30 minutesnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan heat 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil to almost smoking, then add pork chops, shaking off excess marinade. Brown on both sides, then place on a sheet pan and put in the oven for 20 minutes or until internal temperature reaches 135 degrees F.nIn the same saute pan deglaze with wine then add onions, apples and raisins and cook until apples are soft and onions are translucent. Add butter salt and pepper, to taste, and keep warm.nRemove chops from oven and add to the apple mixture. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 pork chops, double cut, center cut, bone in, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup sliced 14inch yellow onions, 2 cups cored and sliced 14inch Granny Smith apples, 12 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Apple Ginger Pork Chops, picturelink: ILO.gQWwHAbRhYYY2U08fVhZjeFC2JG}, 26444: {instructions: Heat a nonstick skillet on medium heat and add almonds. This can be done in the same skillet used for the chicken. Saute 1 minute or until almonds are golden, not brown. Remove and set aside.nSteam the broccoli in a collapsible steamer, set up in a pot filled with 1 inch of water. Alternatively, place broccoli in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave on high for 4 minutes. Remove and add oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Toss well. Sprinkle almonds on top., ingredients: [4 tablespoons sliced almonds, 12 pound broccoli florets 4 cups, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Toasted Almond Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 26445: {instructions: Mix the mayonnaise with the garlic in a small bowl and set aside. Using your hands, mix together the turkey and turkey sausage in a large bowl until just combined. Form this mixture into four 1inchthick patties.nPreheat a large skillet over medium heat. Add the olive oil and pancetta slices and cook the pancetta on both sides until crisp, about 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels and reserve.nPlace the same skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the burgers. Cook, turning once, until cooked all the way through, about 5 minutes per side. Top with the fontina and cook until just melted.nTo serve, place the burgers on the focaccia bottoms. Top with tomato slices, pancetta and arugula. Spread the focaccia tops with garlic mayonnaise, set on top of the burgers and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 8 ounces ground turkey, 12 ounces sweet Italian turkey sausage, removed from casings, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 thin slices pancetta, 4 ounces sliced Italian fontina cheese, Four 3by3by12inch squares focaccia, split and lightly toasted, 1 plum tomato, sliced, 1 cup baby arugula], title: Italian Turkey Burgers, picturelink: RgZhkcvWbEIaBkNjjgLyC16LcxTiGy}, 26446: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients and simmer, about 20 minutes, covered until rice is tender. Season to taste with salt and Tabasco sauce., ingredients: [15 ounce can salmon, drained and patted dry, 10 ounce package frozen corn, thawed, 2 cans 14 12ounce each stewed tomatoes, chopped, 2 bottles 8 ounces each clam juice, Whole peeled garlic clove, smashed, 12 cup long grain rice, Salt and Tabasco sauce], title: No Work Salmon Chowder, picturelink: null}, 26447: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Chopped Fixins Salad, picturelink: KEZHh9jtB2PmVVQ0NFhuDySRxw41KXW}, 26448: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk the first 3 ingredients in a large bowl to blend. Gradually blend in the oil. Stir in the olives and roasted peppers. Season the vinaigrette, to taste, with salt and pepper.nCut the top 1inch of the bread loaf. Set the top aside. Hollow out the bottom and top halves of the bread. Spread some of the olive and roasted pepper mix over the bread bottom and cut side of the bread top. Layer the meats and cheeses in the bread bottom. Top with the onions, then the arugula. Spread the remaining olive and roasted pepper mix on top of the sandwich and carefully cover with the bread top. You can serve the sandwich immediately or you can wrap the entire sandwich tightly in plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator a day before serving.nCut the sandwich into wedges and serve., ingredients: [14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 13 cup olive oil, 10 large pitted green olives, chopped, 13 cup pitted, chopped kalamata olives, 14 cup chopped roasted red bell peppers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1pound round bread loaf about 7 inches in diameter and 3 inches high, 4 ounces thinly sliced ham, 4 ounces thinly sliced mortadella, 4 ounces thinly sliced salami, 4 ounces sliced provolone, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 12 ounces arugula leaves], title: Muffulettas, picturelink: 7yN5eiB1DrN3.C5XkkCfO3k8rvTc.O}, 26449: {instructions: For the Risotto: In a medium saucepot, saute onions in olive oil on low heat until translucent and tender. Add rice and stir until coated with oil. Add wine and continue to stir until the rice has absorbed most of the wine. Add lobster broth 12 cup at a time, while constantly stirring. When the rice is almost tender, add cooked lobster meat, butter, and cheese. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nFor the Foie Gras Butter: Place wine, shallot, thyme, bay leaves, and peppercorns in a saucepot and bring to a boil. Reduce until almost dry. Add cream and reduce by 12. Over a medium flame, slowly add butter while constantly whisking until all the butter is emulsified. Be careful not to boil. In a separate pan, sear diced foie gras until evenly browned. Whisk rendered foie gras and rendered fat slowly into the spicebutter mixture. Salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a pan, and then add the chanterelle mushrooms. Cook until almost tender. Add corn and cook until tender. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSaute halibut in olive oil in frying pan until cooked. Season with salt and pepper.nWhen plating this dish, place a generous spoonful of the lobster risotto in the center of the plate. Place the halibut on top of the risotto. Ladle 2 ounces of foie gras butter around the fish and risotto. Sprinkle the vegetable mixture around the fish and risotto. Garnish with cherry tomatoes., ingredients: [1 large Spanish onion, diced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound arborio rice, 8 ounces white cooking wine, 2 cups lobster broth, 8 ounces cooked lobster meat, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup grated Asiago, 1 cup white wine, 1 diced shallot, 2 sprigs of fresh thyme, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorn, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 pound unsalted butter cut into large dice, 4 ounces diced A or B grade foie gras, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound fresh chanterelle mushrooms, 4 ears fresh corn, kernels cut off the cob, 28 cherry tomatoes, for garnishHalibut:, 8 6ounce pieces halibut, 2 ounces olive oil, 8 6ounce pieces halibut, 2 ounces olive oil], title: Sauteed Halibut with Lobster Risotto and Foie Gras Butter, picturelink: null}, 26450: {instructions: Cream the butter and sugar. Add egg yolk and vanilla and beat thoroughly. Combine flour and salt. Add to the butter mixture and blend until the dough is smooth. On a very lightly floured surface, shape the dough into cylinders about 1 to 2 inches in diameter. Wrap in waxed paper or plastic wrap and chill for at least an hour.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Brush refrigerated logs with beaten egg and roll in crystalline sugar. With a sharp knife, slice the dough into rounds about 13inch thick. Place 1inch apart on a parchment covered baking sheet. Bake for about 10 minutes or until the cookies are slightly colored around the edges., ingredients: [12 cup butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, beaten, Crystalline sugar, chopped], title: French Sables, picturelink: null}, 26451: {instructions: Slice the cucumbers 14inch thick and discard the ends. Set the sliced cucumber into a colander. Then place the colander into an empty bowl that will allow space for drainage between the colander and the bowl. Mix the cucumber slices with 2 teaspoons salt, and then place them in the fridge to drain for 12 hours or overnight. The salt will draw out excess moisture from the cucumbers so that your pickling solution doesnt get watered down with the natural juices of the cucumber.nTwelve hours later, or simply the next day, you want to toast your mustard seeds, coriander seeds, celery seeds and turmeric. Just place them in a small saute pan over medium heat, moving them around in the pan until you get the aroma of the spices. Remove the spices from the pan and set aside.nThinly slice the Vidalia onion and set asidenTake the cucumbers out of the colander and place them in medium bowl. Mix the onions in with the cucumbers. Toss the cucumbers and onions with the toasted spices.nIn a small pot, bring the vinegar, sugar and remaining 14 cup salt to a boil. Pour the hot vinegar liquid over the cucumbers, onions and spices, and let sit until the liquid comes to room temperature.nOnce at room temperature, they are ready for the refrigerator and will be ready to eat the next day. Will keep refrigerated for weeks once theyre pickled, ingredients: [1 pound Persian cucumbers, 12 Vidalia onion, 2 teaspoons plus 14 cup kosher salt, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 14 teaspoon celery seeds, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 2 12 cups white vinegar, 12 cup sugar], title: Bread and Butter Pickles, picturelink: null}, 26452: {instructions: Special equipment: 10inch deepfrying pan 12inch tongs 1 medium mixing bowl 3 small mixing bowlsnIn medium bowl combine the chicken, a teaspoon of bacon salt, 2 tablespoons of Buffalo sauce, baconnaise and 2 minced garlic cloves. Mix with your hands.nSet out 3 bowls. Put the buttermilk into 1 bowl, the flour in another, and the remaining buffalo sauce in the last bowl.nHeat a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat, and add 4 cups of canola oil. When the oil starts to separate in the pan, it is ready if oil starts to smoke, immediately lower the temperature.nDredge the chicken in the buttermilk, and then in the flour. Carefully put them into the hot oil and cook on both sides until brown. Dip the chicken into the buffalo sauce and serve them between Hawaiian bread buns., ingredients: [1 pound chicken cutlets, cut into 2 by 2inch squares, 1 teaspoon bacon salt, 12ounce jar Buffalo sauce, 4 tablespoons baconnaise, 2 minced garlic cloves, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 4 cups canola oil, 16 Hawaiian bread buns, toasted], title: Breaded Buffalo Chicken Bacon Salt Sliders on Hawaiian Sweet Rolls with Baconnaise, picturelink: null}, 26453: {instructions: Make the biscuits: Beat the cream cheese, butter, granulated sugar, grated ginger and salt in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy reduce the speed to low and beat in the flour and candied ginger until just incorporated. Turn the dough out onto a sheet of plastic wrap press into a 1inchthick disk, tightly wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour or overnight. On a floured surface, roll out the dough into a 10inch circle, about 12 inch thick. Use a 2 12inch biscuit cutter to cut out rounds arrange about 1 inch apart on a baking sheet. Reroll the scraps and cut out more biscuits you should have 12. Brush the tops lightly with the heavy cream and sprinkle with the demerara sugar. Refrigerate until firm, about 20 minutes. Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Bake the biscuits until slightly puffed and golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheet, then remove to a rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the toppings: Puree half of the strawberries in a blender with 14 cup granulated sugar and the grated ginger until smooth transfer to a bowl. Dice the remaining strawberries add to the pureed berries and toss. Beat the sour cream, heavy cream and the remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar in a separate bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until soft peaks form. Serve each person 2 biscuits with the whipped cream and strawberry mixture. Photograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger, Pinch of salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup finely chopped candied ginger, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 tablespoon demerara or raw sugar, 1 quart strawberries, hulled, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon finely grated peeled ginger, 13 cup cold sour cream, 12 cup cold heavy cream], title: Ginger Strawberry Shortcakes, picturelink: HUcTA5gcIu06BVt5Ugo1BhYT6Qg8y}, 26454: {instructions: In a hot saute pan, saute garlic and ginger in butter. Add bok choy, stock and lobster meat. Season and cook until soft. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [1 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 cups chopped bok choy, 12 cup lobster stock, Lobster knuckle meat from 4 lobsters, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Bok Choy Fondue with Lobster, picturelink: null}, 26455: {instructions: Peel and section the fruit into a bowl, squeezing out all of the juice. Measure out 34 cup175 ml of juice and put it in a saucepan with the wine. Add the sugar and heat to dissolve. Pour 14 cup60 ml of the liquid into a bowl and soften the gelatin for a minute. Return it to the pan. Stir to dissolve, and boil 2 minutes. Cool completely.nLine a 1 quart1 liter terrine or glass loaf pan with plastic wrap, leaving enough overhang to cover the terrine afterwards. Arrange the fruit sections decoratively in the terrine. Pour the liquid over. Chill the terrine, covered, until firm, at least 4 hours and up to 2 days. Garnish with mint sprigs or candied orange zest., ingredients: [8 oranges, 6 pink grapefruits, 1 cup250 ml sweet white wine, 1 cup190 g sugar, 4 envelopes gelatin, Fresh mint sprigs or candied orange zest, for garnish], title: Pink Grapefruit and Orange Terrine, picturelink: null}, 26456: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, add the shallot and mushrooms saute until softened and browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the BBQ sauce and stir, while cooking, for 1 to 2 minutes more.nIn a large mixing bowl, break up the meat with your hands. Add the chopped onion, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, and salt and pepper. Mix until thoroughly incorporated. Divide the meat into 6 equal balls. Flatten them into patties and use your thumb to create an indent in the center of each burger. Grill the burgers, uncovered, for 4 minutes on the first side. Flip and continue cooking for another 4 minutes for medium. Remove the burger from the grill, place in buns, and immediately top with the Swiss cheese and the hot BBQ mushrooms., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 pound button mushrooms, sliced, 12 cup Neelys BBQ Sauce, 2 12 pounds ground beef, 14 red onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic , finely chopped, Dash Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 slices Swiss cheese, 6 hamburger buns, toasted], title: Swiss and Mushroom BBQ Burger, picturelink: zLe3zdiFGbTgjT.bODIu.K88lZcOK6y}, 26457: {instructions: Mix ginger, sugar and water in a saucepan and bring to a slow simmer. Reduce mixture by 50 percent until a syrupy consistency is reached. Keep in mind that the syrup will thicken as it cools. Strain warm syrup. Allow to cool.nWhile syrup is cooling, make ginger candy. Take ginger slices that have been drained out of the syrup and completely coat in sugar. Spread on sheet pan and slowly dry out in a 225degree oven for 3 hours. Ginger slices should be dried but still chewy.nIn a tall glass of ice, add mint sprig and a ratio of 1 part ginger syrup to 7 parts soda water. Squeeze lime wedge and add to drink. Use more syrup if desired. Stir and enjoy. Can also make drink with chilled soda water and add a scoop of vanilla ice cream for a tasty Ginger Ale Float., ingredients: [2 cups ginger slices, peeled 18 inch thick, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 1 quart soda water, 1 lime cut in wedges, 4 mint sprigs], title: Homemade Ginger Ale and Its Candy, picturelink: null}, 26458: {instructions: To prepare the stuffing: Place the eggs in a large saucepan and cover with water. Bring the water to a boil, cover, and turn off the heat. Let the eggs sit for 10 minutes. Set aside to cool completely before peeling and chopping.nMelt 12 cup 1 stick of the butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add the beef and pork cook until the meat is starting to brown, about 15 minutes. Add 12 cup of the chopped onions and half of the chopped garlic, along with the steak sauce, vinegar, lemon zest, cumin, and oregano season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until the onions are completely tender and the meat is cooked through, 30 minutes. Turn off the heat and transfer the meat mixture to a large bowl to cool. The meat base can be made up to 1 day in advance. You may cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until youre ready to make the rest of the stuffing.nTo the same large pot, melt the remaining 12 cup 1 stick of butter over medium heat. Stir in the remaining onions and garlic, along with the bell peppers, celery, and scallions. Add the tomato paste and cook until the vegetables have softened, about 15 minutes. Soak the bread in the milk for 3 minutes. Squeeze as much liquid from the bread as you can and then crumble it into the pot. Add the meat mixture back into the pot, along with the chopped eggs, sausage, raisins, parsley, and olives and mix to combine.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTransfer the stuffing to a buttered casserole dish and bake for 20 to 30 minutes until the top is nicely browned. Serve with roast turkey., ingredients: [10 large eggs, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, divided, 1 12 pounds ground beef ground 3 times, 1 12 pounds ground pork ground 3 times, 3 large yellow onions, finely chopped, 15 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 cup steak sauce, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 red bell pepper, seeded, ribbed and finely chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded, ribbed and finely chopped, 5 celery stalks, thinly sliced, 4 bunches scallions, white and light green parts only, finely chopped about 1 12 cups, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 5 slices white bread, 13 cup milk, 1 pound cooked Italian sausage, sliced, 1 cup raisins, 1 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 cup small pimentostuffed olives], title: Homemade Three Meat Stuffing, picturelink: adMSgVR2ERrznnVkXVM2fwf7bkPrGW}, 26459: {instructions: Special equipment: Food millnPlace the potatoes in a pot large enough to also accommodate the carrots. Add enough water to cover the vegetables by 2 inches, sprinkle generously with salt, and bring to a boil. When the water has been boiling about 10 minutes, add the carrots and cook until both vegetables are fork tender. Drain.nBring the cream to a boil in a small saucepan. Meanwhile, pass the carrots and potatoes through a food mill into a large bowl. Add about onequarter of the hot cream and 2 pats of the butter, stirring vigorously until thoroughly combined. Repeat this process until all of the remaining cream and butter have been incorporated. Taste for seasoning you will probably have to add salt.nServe immediately in a warm serving bowl or keep warm until ready to use., ingredients: [2 large Yukon Gold potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, held in water until ready for use, Kosher salt, 2 large carrots, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 to 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 stick cold butter, cut into pats], title: Carrot and Potato Puree, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 26460: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the puff pastry into 60 even squares. Using a pastry brush, brush each square with the beaten egg. Place the squares on a greased sheet pan. Apply the black sesame seeds to the egg wash on top of the squares in different patterns to make them look like dice. Bake the puffs until golden brown about 12 minutes. Let the puffs cool. Cut the puffs in half horizontally for sandwiching.nClean and cut all the mushrooms. Heat a large saute pan. Add the cooking oil and saute mushrooms in small batches seasoning with garlic, shallots, salt and pepper. Spread sauteed mushrooms out onto a large tray and allow to cool. Chop the mushrooms and return them to the saute pan. Add the white wine and reduce until the liquid is almost completely evaporated. Add the cream and reduce again until thick.nPlace one scoop of mushroom mixture on the bottom layer of the puff pastry and then top with the other layer to form the sandwich., ingredients: [1 12 by 18inch sheet puff pastry, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup black sesame seeds, 14 pound oyster mushrooms, quartered, 14 pound shiitake mushrooms, quartered, 14 pound portobello mushrooms, cut into 8 pieces, 14 cup cooking oil, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons shallots, minced, Salt, Black pepper, 1 cup white wine, 1 12 cups cream], title: High Roller Mushroom Puff Pastry, picturelink: null}, 26461: {instructions: Add the coffee and sweetened condensed milk to a pitcher with 2 cups ice, stir vigorously and serve., ingredients: [16 ounces brewed dark roast Vietnamesegrown coffee, chilled, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk], title: Sunnys Easy Vietnamese Iced Coffee, picturelink: FIt8e1EpQZaVCX2wqgVAZrOKhyat6}, 26462: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large saucepan, bring 1 quart water to a boil over high heat. Add the walnuts and boil, uncovered, 1 minute. Drain well. Spread the walnuts on a cookie sheet lined with aluminium foil. Bake 15 to 20 minutes, or until golden and fragrant. Cool on a rack. Place the cooled walnuts in a food processor or blender with 12 cup cold water and process until almost a smooth paste, scraping down sides of the work bowl. Add 12 cup cold water and process until almost smooth. In a 2quart saucepan, whisk the rice flour and 1 cup water until smooth. Whisk in the walnut puree and 2 12 cups cold water. Heat over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until mixture comes to a boil. Cut the brown candy into smaller pieces. Add the brown candy, reduce to low and simmer 10 minutes, whisking occasionally. The soup should be the consistency of a light cream soup. If mixture is too thick, whisk in up to 12 cup more water. Serve piping hot., ingredients: [2 cups shelled walnuts about 8 ounces, 14 cup rice flour, 1 12 slabs brown candy peen tong, about 3 ounces, 1 cup water], title: Walnut Soup, picturelink: null}, 26463: {instructions: In a Champagne glass, pour in the tangerine juice and Champagne. Garnish with a few blueberries and serve., ingredients: [1 part tangerine juice, 1 part Champagne, or other sparkling wine of choice, Blueberries, for garnish], title: Tangerine Champagne, picturelink: j872vos1EdxtIKFmzIvSPCYBFG49SO2}, 26464: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a highball glass onethird of the way with ice cubes. Add the tomato juice, tomato clam juice, vodka, lemon juice, horseradish, celery salt, hot sauce and Worcestershire. Stir to combine. Garnish as desired.nCopyright c 2014 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [2 ounces tomato juice, 2 ounces tomato clam juice, 2 ounces vodka, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 12 teaspoon celery salt, 2 to 3 dashes hot sauce, 2 dashes Worcestershire sauce, Garnishes: Pickled cauliflower on a skewer, avocado slice on a skewer or a long strip of beef jerky], title: Bloody Mary, picturelink: yzoGFtss7LumqiPKJu3Uc2iIYWSzT2}, 26465: {instructions: To cook the clams, place them in a heavy large skillet. Cover with the water and wine. Bring to a boil, cover the skillet, then reduce heat and simmer for 3 minutes, shaking the skillet occasionally. With tongs, remove the clams that have opened and place them on a tray. Recover and cook for up to 3 to 4 more minutes. Discard any clams that have not opened. Line a fine sieve with a dampened paper towel. Strain the cooking liquid through the sieve into a heavy large saucepan.nFor the soup, add the leeks and potatoes to the saucepan with cooking liquid. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and simmer until the potatoes are tender, for about 15 minutes. Add the cream. Coarsely mash the potatoes in the broth to thicken, using a mallet or potato masher. Season with salt and pepper. This can be prepared ahead and cooled. Cover the clams and soup and set aside at cool room temperature for up to several hours.nTo serve, remove the clams from their shells and mince. Pour any liquid from the shells back into the soup through the sieve and discard the shells. Thin the soup with additional liquid if necessary. Bring to a boil, stirring over mediumhigh heat. Add minced clams. Ladle into 4 soup bowls. Sprinkle with chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [28 about 3 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed, 2 34 cups water, 1 14 cups dry white wine, 3 mediumlarge leeks white and light green parts only, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise, 3 medium about 34 pound russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, Additional water or cream as necessary, 1 12 tablespoons fresh minced chives or green onions], title: Leek and Potato Soup with Clams, picturelink: null}, 26466: {instructions: Using a sharp boning knife, remove each breast half from the guinea fowl and cut into 6 boneless breasts with wing handles. Do not remove the skin. Cover breasts and refrigerate until ready to roast.nAgain using the boning knife, cut down through the leg joint removing all 6 legs form the fowl. Carefully remove skin, fat, and tendons. Make a deep cut, lengthwise, down each leg and scrape the meat away from the bone. Cut the leg meat into strips 2 inches long by 14inch thick. Cover and refrigerate.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace guinea carcasses in a roasting pan in preheated oven and roast for 40 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove from oven. Drain off all fat. Using a cleaver, crack carcasses into small pieces and set aside. Place roasting pan over mediumhigh heat. Add wine and cook, stirring constantly, for about 3 minutes to deglaze pan.nHeat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the mirepoix and sachet and saute for 3 minutes. Add the reserved roasted guinea bones, scrape mixture from the pan and reserve. Add wine and cook for 10 minutes. Raise heat and add 3 cups of chicken stock.nSeason to taste with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Remove from heat and strain through a fine sieve into a clean saucepan. Skim all fat and any particles from the top. Return to medium heat and cook for about 15 minutes, or until reduced to 1 12 cups. Remove from heat and set aside.nPeel potatoes. Place them in a medium saucepan with water to cover over mediumhigh heat. Add salt to taste. Bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer for 12 minutes, or until potatoes are tender when pierced with the point of a sharp knife. Drain well. Cut, crosswise, into thin slices. Set aside.nPeel onion and slice it, crosswise, into thin slices. Set aside.nRemove leg meat from the refrigerator. Season lightly with salt and pepper to taste. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. When very hot but not smoking, add the meat and saute for 4 minutes. Stir in the remaining cup of stock and cook for about 15 minutes, or until meat is very tender and the liquid has reduced to a glaze. Remove from heat and scrape into a mixing bowl. Heat remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in the same saute pan over medium heat. Add onion and saute for 5 minutes, or until lightly browned. Stir in potatoes and saute for 1 minute. Remove from heat and add to meat. Stir in 1 tablespoon of chopped parsley. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nLay the crepes out on a clean, flat surface. Using a pastry brush, lightly coat one side with melted butter. Divide potato stuffing into 6 equal portions and place a portion in the center of each crepe. Fold the sides of the crepes over the filling. Starting from one open end, roll up each crepe to make a firm but not tight cylinder. Again, brush them with melted butter. Place on a small nonstick baking sheet and set aside.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F. Remove breasts from refrigerator. Season generously with coarse salt and cracked pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a saute pan large enough to hold the 6 breasts over mediumhigh heat. When very hot, place the breasts, skinside down, in pan. Sear for 5 minutes, or until lightly browned. Turn and cook for 4 minutes. Remove to a baking sheet and place in the preheated oven along with the crepes. Bake for about 10 minutes, or until meat is just cooked and crepes are golden.nMelt the tablespoon of butter in the same saute pan over medium heat, stirring constantly to scrape up solids from the bottom of the pan. Add morels and saute for 6 minutes, or until tender. Lay the crepes out on a clean, flat surface. Using a pastry brush, lightly coat one side with melted butter. Divide potato stuffing into 6 equal portions and place a portion in the center of each crepe. Fold the sides of the crepes over the filling. Starting from one open end, roll up each crepe to make a firm but not tight cylinder. Again, brush them with melted butter. Place on a small nonstick baking sheet and set aside.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nRemove breasts from refrigerator. Season generously with coarse salt and cracked pepper. Heat vegetable oil in a saute pan large enough to hold the 6 breasts over mediumhigh heat. When very hot, place the breasts, skinside down, in pan. Sear for 5 minutes, or until lightly browned. Turn and cook for 4 minutes. Remove to a baking sheet and place in the preheated oven along with the crepes. Bake for about 10 minutes, or until meat is just cooked and crepes are golden.Melt the tablespoon of butter in the same saute pan over medium heat, stirring constantly to scrape up solids from the bottom of the pan. Add morels and saute for 6 minutes, or until tender. Add reduced stock, remaining 2 tablespoons of chopped parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a simmer and cook for 2 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning. Reduce heat to very low to keep sauce warm.nRemove crepes and breasts from oven. Lay one crepe in the center of each of 6 warm dinner plates. Angle a breast against each crepe. Spoon a generous portion of sauce over the crepe and fowl. Garnish with a sprig of fresh parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 Guinea fowl, 1 cup dry white wine, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups Mirepoix, 1 Bouquet Garni, 4 cups chicken stock, Coarse salt, Cracked black pepper, 6 Red Bliss potatoes, 1 large Spanish onion, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 6 8inch Crepes, Approximately 3 tablespoons melted unsalted butter or Clarified Butter, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 cups sliced morels or other wellflavored wild mushrooms, 6 sprigs fresh parsley], title: PepperSeared Guinea Fowl with New Potato Crepe, picturelink: null}, 26467: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Grease or line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nSaute the Taylor ham over mediumhigh heat until just starting to brown and crisp up. Remove from the heat and drain on paper towels.nDivide the pizza dough into 4 equal balls and roll each into an 8inch circle. Place 1 slice of cheese onto half of each circle of dough. Top with 12 cup scrambled eggs, 14 cup Taylor ham and another slice of cheese. Fold the dough over the filling, stretching to fit, then align the edges and seal with the egg wash. Press the edges with a fork to seal. Place the hand pies on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops with egg wash and cut 2 slits in the top with a sharp knife. Bake until golden brown, 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup diced Taylor ham, 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, 8 slices cheese, such as American, provolone, Swiss or mozzarella, 8 cooked scrambled eggs, 1 egg, beaten], title: Born to Run Savory Breakfast Hand Pies, picturelink: dmqtxDz6onMEavsmPapstXOJLE30KS}, 26468: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large container, combine the vinegar, kosher salt, sugar and 2 cups water. Whisk or shake to combine. Toss in the potatoes and refrigerate for 24 hours.nIn a large wide pot, heat the oil for deep frying to 350 degrees F.nRemove the potatoes from the vinegar solution and gently pat dry to remove any excess water.nSet up a sheet tray lined with paper towels to land the chips on when they come out of the oil.nWorking in batches, fry the potatoes until they are brown and crispy. Be careful not to overcrowd the oil, overcrowding will result in greasy limp chips rather than crispy crunchy ones.nWhen the chips come out of the oil, land them on the paper towel setup and give them a sprinkey dink of salt. Let cool and then store them in an airtight container if you dont eat them all at once., ingredients: [1 cup sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 large baking potatoes, such as Idaho, peeled and shaved into thin slices with a veggie peeler or mandoline, Peanut or veggie oil, for frying], title: Homemade Chips, picturelink: SaYyNYaMbVdqfKvoQI9pqnfoPKjuPRy}, 26469: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the roasted tomato salsa: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Or prepare a grill for high heat.nLine a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Place the tomatoes, onions, jalapeno and garlic on the parchment. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes, then remove the onions and garlic and set aside peel the garlic. Return the baking sheet to the oven and roast the jalapeno and tomatoes until charred and soft, about 15 minutes more.nOr, if making on the grill, place the vegetables on a perforated pan or aluminum foil on the hot grill. Cook, covered and turning when necessary, until all the vegetables are evenly charred and soft. The tomatoes and jalapeno will take longer than the garlic and onions, so remove everything as it finishes cooking.nTransfer all the vegetables to a blender and add the cilantro, chipotles with adobo sauce and salt. Blend on medium speed until a uniform puree has formed. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified and completely incorporated. If the consistency of the salsa is too thick, add some water 1 tablespoon at a time until the desired consistency is achieved. Taste and adjust the seasonings, adding more chipotle if desired. Let cool before using, or transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate until needed. The salsa will keep for up to 1 week.nFor the skirt steak: Season the steak on both sides with salt and pepper. Toss with some of the roasted tomato salsa and marinate, refrigerated, for at least 1 12 hours and up to overnight. Reserve the remaining salsa for serving.nFor the grilled romaine: To clean the romaine, place the halves in a large bowl or several bowls filled with cold water. Swoosh the lettuce gently in the water and let it sit for 10 minutesthe dirt and grime will settle to the bottom of the bowl. Gently lift the lettuce out of the water and rinse the bowl. Repeat the cleaning process until the water remains clean after youve swished the leaves around in it. Gently pat the lettuce dry around and between the leaves to remove as much moisture as possible. Rinse and dry the bowl, and place the lettuce back in it. Season the lettuce with the olive oil and some salt and pepper, and gently toss to combine.nPrepare a grill or grill pan for mediumhigh heat.nRemove the steak from the marinade and let any excess marinade drip off. Grill 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium rare. Let rest for 5 to 7 minutes.nPlace the romaine halves on the grill cutside down and grill until well marked, about 2 minutes. Rotate the romaine 45 degrees and grill until well marked again, 2 minutes more. If doing this on a grill pan, you may need to work in batches.nTransfer the romaine halves to a cutting board and chop them into 2inch pieces. Place the romaine in a large bowl and toss with the lemon juice. Slice the steaks thin and serve with the reserved roasted tomato salsa and grilled romaine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 medium tomatoes about 1 pound, cut into thick wedges, 12 large red onion, cut into thick wedges, 1 small or 12 large jalapeno, 1 small clove garlic, unpeeled, 12 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, 12 tablespoon chopped canned chipotles in adobo with some of the sauce, plus more to taste, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup canola or other neutral oil, 1 12 pounds skirt steak, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 large or 4 small heads romaine lettuce, halved lengthwise and cores left intact, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup fresh lemon juice from about 2 lemons], title: Skirt Steak Marinated with Roasted Tomato Salsa, picturelink: MNOBWoRknnych.A6JNjIszDligOG5SO}, 26470: {instructions: Gently blend all ingredients together and serve over greensnMix together, 34 cup fresh or frozen blueberries, 14 cup lowfat lemon yogurt, 1 Tbsp reducedcalorie mayonnaise and1 tsp salt until well blended. Chill and serve., ingredients: [1 cup chicken breast, cooked and cubed, 14 cup sliced green onion, 13 cup diced celery, 14 cup red bell pepper, diced, 12 cup Lowfat Lemon Blueberry Dressing, 1 pkg. 12 oz. DOLEu00ae Greener Selectionu00ae], title: Lemon Blueberry Chicken Salad, picturelink: TemKwhNF4FXkXZjR1So3G.a7aaJLqq}, 26471: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the brown sugar, vinegar, ketchup, soy sauce and 2 cups of the pineapple juice. Bring to a boil.nMake a slurry by mixing the cornstarch into the remaining 14 cup pineapple juice, whisking to get out all the lumps. Whisk the slurry into the skillet and add the AllPurpose Meatballs. Bring to a simmer and add the sriracha. Cover and cook until the sauce is thickened and the meatballs are heated through, 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the pineapple chunks.nServe over steamed rice, garnished with green onions.nTo make the meatballs, combine the ground beef, breadcrumbs, milk, cream, parsley, mustard, salt, black pepper, red pepper flakes and eggs in a large mixing bowl. Mix together well with your hands. Scoop out 1tablespoon portions and roll them into balls with your hands. Place the meatballs onto parchmentlined baking sheets and put the baking sheets in the freezer for 5 to 10 minutes for the meatballs to firm up.nTo brown the meatballs, heat the olive oil in a heavy pot or large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the meatballs in batches, making sure not to overcrowd the pot. Cook, turning the meatballs to make sure they brown all over, 5 to 7 minutes per batch. Drain on paper towels.nFreezer instructions: Put the cooked meatballs in a single layer on baking sheets and put into the freezer. When frozen, divide them into freezer bags, 25 per bag, and return them to the freezer. Yield: 125 meatballs., ingredients: [12 cup loosely packed brown sugar, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 2 14 cups pineapple juice, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, One 25count bag AllPurpose Meatballs still frozen is fine, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon sriracha hot sauce, 1 cup drained small pineapple chunks, Steamed longgrain rice, for serving, 2 tablespoons sliced green onions, for garnish, 5 pounds ground beef, 1 12 cups plain breadcrumbs, 12 cup milk, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons grainy mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Sweet and Sour Meatballs, picturelink: bxt18nzffBKUFmbfiVB.YO5gAEmXKmO}, 26472: {instructions: Bring a large, wide pot of salted water to a simmer. Put the spinach in a large bowl and separate it with your hands. Add the ricotta, 34 cup parmesan, the flour, eggs, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper and the nutmeg. Mix with a fork to form a slightly sticky dough.nSpread some flour on a plate. Scoop out heaping tablespoonfuls of the spinachricotta mixture and roll into about 24 loose balls using floured hands. Gently roll the balls in the flour.nBring the marinara sauce to a simmer in a large skillet over medium heat. Whisk in the butter.nMeanwhile, gently lower the dumplings into the simmering water and cook until they rise to the surface and are firm, about 5 minutes. Remove the dumplings with a slotted spoon, letting the water drain off, and add to the sauce. Gently toss to coat, then transfer to plates and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup parmesan. Serve with bread.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 1 12 cups wholemilk ricotta cheese, 1 cup grated parmesan cheese, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 2 large eggs, Freshly ground pepper, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 2 cups prepared marinara sauce, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Spinach and Ricotta Dumplings, picturelink: qkw5pK4X0Ux8wcYK3cERMvUX82qpAm}, 26473: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine the water, butter, granulated sugar, and salt and bring the mixture to a rapid boil. Remove the pan from the heat and add the flour all at once, stirring vigorously. Cook the paste over low heat, beating briskly, until the ingredients are thoroughly combined and the dough cleanly leaves the sides of the pan and forms a ball. Remove the pan from the heat. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. By hand or with an electric mixer set at medium speed beat the paste until it is smooth and glossy. Stir in the vanilla.nIn the deep fryer, heat 3 inches shortening 370 degrees F. Drop the dough by teaspoonfuls into the shortening, and fry the beignets in batches, turning them, until golden brown about 3 minutes. With a slotted spoon, remove to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle the beignets with the confectioners sugar and serve them hot., ingredients: [1 cup water, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup, plus 2 tablespoons sifted allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Vegetable shortening, for deep frying, Confectioners sugar], title: Beignets, picturelink: null}, 26474: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt sorbet over low heat with zest in a small sauce pot. Stir in berries to coat. Cut cake and pour berries and sauce over top., ingredients: [1 cup lemon sorbet, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 12 pint blackberries, 12 pint strawberries, sliced, 12 pint raspberries, 1 storebought angel food cake], title: Angelic Cake and Berries, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 26475: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the salt to a smallrimmed plate and 14 cup water to another plate. Dip the rims of the glasses into the water then the salt. Set aside. Add the nectar, tequila, sweetened lime juice, liqueur, fresh lime juice and peaches to a blender. Puree until smooth and serve immediately in the saltrimmed glasses., ingredients: [14 cup kosher salt, 34 cup peach nectar, 34 cup tequila, 14 cup sweetened lime juice, such as Roses Lime Juice, 14 cup orangeflavored liqueur, such as Cointreau, Juice of 1 lime, One 16ounce bag frozen peaches], title: Frozen Peach Margarita, picturelink: XoEXkX0Ag29PU07vl9n1YmqdooRtMoe}, 26476: {instructions: Make dipping mixture: Whisk 2 eggs, milk, vanilla, cinnamon, and nutmeg in wide bowl. Refrigerate until ready to use.nPeel potatoes and cover with cold water in pot. Season with salt. Bring to a boil lower heat and simmer for 5 minutes turn off burner and let sit 1520 minutes. Drain rinse potatoes with cold water. When cool, grate with the large holes of box grater. Heat heavy skillet, preferably cast iron, over high heat. Add canola oil heat. Spread shredded potatoes evenly over skillet bottom. Season with salt and pepper and cook for 5 minutes or until brown on bottom. Do not stir or disturb potatoes while cooking. Using a wide spatula, flip potatoes over and brown other side without stirring.nFry bacon in skillet until brown and crispy. Remove drain on paper towels. Return skillet to stove over medium heat and fry remaining 4 eggs. Remove eggs to a plate. Keep warm.nHeat griddle or skillet over medium heat and add butter. Remove dipping mixture from refrigerator. Rewhisk to blend well. Dip the bread slices, one at a time, in mixture. Grill one side. Flip. Brown second side. Top 4 slices each with 1 ounce Brie, a portion of the potatoes, 1 egg, two slices of bacon, and another ounce of Brie. Top with another prepared bread slice. Continue to grill sandwiches briefly to heat the Brie, being careful not to overbrown bread. Serve with maple syrup on the side, if desired., ingredients: [6 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch cinnamon, Pinch nutmeg, 2 large russet potatoes, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 8 slices bacon, 8 thick slices firm white bread, 4 tablespoons butter, 8 ounces Wisconsin Brie cheese, sliced, Pure maple syrup, optional], title: The Flatiron Grilled Cheese, picturelink: ghSW9wOivea5pCjSg905u5dlZYq4J5C}, 26477: {instructions: Soak the whole duck in the large pot of boiling water. Remove it as soon as the skin changes color.nSprinkle the inside of the duck with sugar, salt, and fivespice powder. Rub the skin of the duck with molasses. Truss the duck with string and hang in an airing place for 2 hours, or put the duck in the refrigerator overnight without any cover. This will dry the skin of the duck so that it will be crispy.nPreheat rotisserie oven to 375 degrees and bake for 45 minutes or until the skin is reddish brown. Before serving, pour hot oil over the skin to increase the crispiness. Carve the skin and meat from the duck, and serve., ingredients: [1 large pot 34 full with water, boiling, 1 whole duck, head on, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup salt, 1 teaspoon fivespice powder, 1 cup molasses, 2 cups oil, hot], title: Peking Duck, picturelink: null}, 26478: {instructions: In each of 4 tall glasses, add 1 tablespoon coffee liqueur. Pour in 12 cup seltzer. Divide the beer among the glasses and stir to combine.nAdd 1 or 2 scoops of ice cream to each glass. Drink immediately or allow to sit a few minutes to let the ice cream melt in the glass. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 ounces coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua, 16 ounces plain seltzer, One 12ounce bottle stout or chocolate stout, such as Guinness, 1 pint chocolate ice cream, slightly softened], title: Chocolate Stout Affogato Egg Cream, picturelink: L8KVOK7.4Ubvj2TO3LJvPIhCmWdp4Um}, 26479: {instructions: For the lemon curd: Beat the eggs and sugar in a small stainless steel or copper pot do not use aluminum as it will leave deposits in your curd. Add the lemon juice, zest, and butter. Bring to a high simmer and cook until mixture thickens. Strain immediately through a sieve or cheesecloth. Spoon 1ounce of curd into each of the 10 martini glasses. This is best done while the curd is warm but can also be done once its cooled if necessary. Chill the glasses with the curd until the curd is cold and set.nFor the custard: Split the vanilla bean with a paring knife and scrape the seeds into the sugar. Use your fingers to work the beans into the sugar u00bf making an even mixture. Mix this mixture with the egg yolks and the eggs. Dont whip it but be sure to completely mix it so the color is consistent throughout. Bring the cream to a boil, remove from the heat and slowly pour it into the egg mixture, stirring constantly. Add the vanilla extract.nTo bake the creme brulee: Pour 3 ounces of the warm custard mixture into each of the glasses over the lemon curd. Find a deep pan preferably at least 6 inches deep. Restaurant supply stores commonly sell these as hotel or insert pans and place the filled martini glasses in them. Set the pan on the bottom shelf of a 325 degrees F oven. Using a water pitcher, pour enough water into the pan to at least cover the stems of the glasses  ideally you can pour enough to come up about 13 of the way on the part of the glass the holds the custard. Baking times will vary depending on the amount of water in the pan and the type of pan used, but will be somewhere around 45 minutes to 1 hour. The custard is done when you tap the side of the glass and it looks thick and moves as one as opposed to the center of the custard giggling more than the outside. Carefully remove the pan from the oven and let cool at room temperature for about 1 hour. Transfer creme brulees into the refrigerator to cool and set completely.nTo finish the creme brulee: Sprinkle about a tablespoon of sugar over each of the custards. Use your finger to spread it evenly over the top. Light a blowtorch and turn it to the high setting. Melt and caramelize the sugar quickly. Note that a flame that is too low or prolonged heat towards the edge of the martini glass may break the glass. Use caution and practice on one away from the others so that if it does break you dont get glass in the other custards. Creme brulees can be caramelized burnt up to 4 hours before service and held in the refrigerator., ingredients: [4 eggs, 12 ounces sugar, 6 ounces lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, finely chopped, 6 ounces unsalted butter, 1 vanilla bean, 6 ounces sugar, 7 egg yolks, 1 egg white, 14 ounces heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Granulated sugar for burnt top, 10 martini glasses Thicker glass preferred. Use caution when baking in glass. Test one first to be sure it will withstand the heat of the oven. 4ounce ramekins may be used as a substitute if necessary.], title: Lemon Drop Creme Brulee Martinis, picturelink: null}, 26480: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the graham cracker crust: Mix the graham cracker crumbs, butter, sugar, cinnamon and a sprinkle of salt together in a bowl. Firmly press the crust into muffin tins to make individual crusts. Top each crust with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Press the mini marshmallows into the ice cream, covering the scoop completely. You will have 4 smore domes. Freeze at least 1 hour. For the quick chocolate sauce: Immediately before serving, heat the broiler to low. Toss the chocolate chips with the milk in a ramekin or small bowl and microwave 30 seconds, stir until smooth and set aside. Place the smore domes under the broiler until marshmallows brown, about 30 seconds. Watch them constantly as they burn easily. Place each smore on a plate and drizzle with the chocolate sauce., ingredients: [34 cup graham cracker crumbs about 5 whole graham crackers, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 12 cups mini marshmallows, Salt, 4 scoops vanilla ice cream, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons whole milk], title: Indoor Smore Sundae, picturelink: 53hI6R7zlPhgbyhMeQRE6JpsOVm5ex6}, 26481: {instructions: In a small saucepan bring sugar and water to a boil, add peel and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from heat, bring to room temperature and strain out peel. To a 2 quart pitcher add lemon juice and 12 cup of the syrup and 5 cups water stir, taste, adjust ratio of water and syrup. Serve over ice garnished with a mint sprig., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, Peel of 1 lemon, cut into strips, Juice of 6 lemons, Fresh mint sprigs and lemon slices, for garnish], title: Old Fashioned Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 26482: {instructions: Place everything in a blender and puree until smooth., ingredients: [1 cup soft tofu, drained, 1 banana, peeled and sliced, 2 cups apple juice, 2 cups blueberries, 1 cup ice], title: Blueberry Power Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 26483: {instructions: Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat the bacon drippings in a saute pan and, working in batches, brown the chicken pieces on all sides. Remove. Drain off all but a tablespoon of the fat from the pan.nLower the heat and add the julienned pepper, onion, fennel, if using, and paprika. Cook until soft, but not colored, about 12 minutes, adding the garlic for the final minute. Deglaze the pan with the wine. Add the tomatoes and bay leaf. Season with salt and pepper. Put the chicken back in. Cover the pan, and cook, turning the chicken occasionally, until tender, about 30 minutes.nRemove the chicken to a serving platter and cover with foil to keep warm. Turn up the heat under the sauce and boil down to sauce consistency. Turn off the heat, stir through the cream, check the seasonings including the paprika, adding more if you like, then pour over the chicken, and serve., ingredients: [4 chicken legs, split between thigh and drumstick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon bacon drippings or oil, 1 red pepper, seeded and cut into roughly 2inch5 cm julienne, 1 onion, sliced, 12 small fennel bulb, finely chopped optional, 1 tablespoon highquality hot or sweet Hungarian paprika, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup125 ml white wine, 2 tomatoes, roughly chopped, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons sour cream or creme fraiche, Squeeze lemon juice, to taste optional], title: Poulet Au Paprika, picturelink: null}, 26484: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 24inch60 cm in length large bamboo, one end open 1 bamboo stringnHeat a charcoal grill to medium heat.nSlice the turmeric and pound into a paste in a mortar and pestle. Add dill, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper, and combine well.nCoat the fish with the turmeric and dill paste. Slide the fish into the bamboo then add young coconut juice. Seal the opened end of the bamboo with banana leaf and tie with bamboo string.nPlace the bamboo on charcoal on medium heat and cook for 20 minutes. Once cooked, slide the fish onto a platter then top with spring onion oil and crushed peanuts. Garnish with chile., ingredients: [1 1 12 pounds  700 g whole carp, cleaned and scaled, 2 knobs fresh turmeric, peeled, 1 bunch fresh dill, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 7 ounces200 ml fresh young coconut juice, 1 banana leaf, 2 tablespoons crushed roasted peanuts, 2 tablespoons spring onion oil, 1 long chile, sliced, for serving], title: Whole Carp Cooked In Bamboo: Ca Nuong Tre, picturelink: null}, 26485: {instructions: Heat butter and oil in a large iron skillet add onion and pepper and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add thyme, corned beef, potatoes, beets, and salt and pepper, to taste. Spread in a layer and cook over mediumhigh heat until potatoes begin to crisp on bottom, about 10 minutes lift with a spatula to check. If desired, place a lid or metal plate that is slightly smaller in diameter than the skillet over the hash to tamp it down and make it extracrisp.nMeanwhile, poach 1 or 2 eggs per serving until done to your liking. Spoon hash onto plates and top each portion with eggs, sprinkle with parsley, and serve with hollandaise, if desired.nIn a bowl fitted into a saucepan with barely simmering water, whisk the yolks with the lemon juice until light and frothy. Whisk in the butter in 2tablespoon increments. The sauce will seem thin at first, but continue to whisk until the sauce thickens. Be careful not to overcook because the eggs will scramble. When sauce is thick, remove from heat and stir in remaining ingredients. Serve immediately.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [2 tablespoons each butter and olive oil, 1 red onion, chopped,, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 pound cooked corned beef, cut into small cubes, 34 pound small red potatoes, cooked and cubed do not peel, 34 pound yellow beets tops removed, cooked, peeled, and cubed, Salt and pepper, Eggs, for poaching, Chopped parsley, optional, Green Chile Hollandaise, recipe follows, 3 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 8 ounces butter, very soft or melted, 3 tablespoons minced roasted green chile, 1 scallion, minced, Pinch cayenne, Salt], title: Golden Flannel Hash, picturelink: null}, 26486: {instructions: To make the spicy marinara sauce: Combine the onion, carrot, celery, garlic, tomato puree, and broth in a large, deep saucepan and cook over medium heat until reduced by 13. Add the salt, and red pepper flakes, to taste.nFor the eggplants: Heat 4 tablespoons of canola oil in a large skillet, over mediumhigh heat, and fry the eggplant. Drain them on paper towels and sprinkle with sea salt.nStir the cooked eggplant into the marinara sauce. Keep the sauce warm.nFor the pasta:nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta to al dente, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain the pasta, and add it to the marinara sauce. Stir in the grated cheeses.nDivide the pasta among the plates and top with a strip of ricotta salata and some fresh basil., ingredients: [1 Vidalia onion, finely chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 celery stalk, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 16ounce can tomato puree, 1 cup chicken broth, Coarse sea salt, Red pepper flakes, to taste, 1 eggplant, cubed, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 1 1pound box dried penne rigate, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 14 cup grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 14 cup ricotta salata, shaved into strips with a peeler, Few fresh basil leaves, chiffonade, for garnish], title: Pasta Alla Norma, picturelink: SVO6zIfqqcADM2W0zr4phrAJmTUnLi}, 26487: {instructions: Place flour in a bowl and add remaining ingredients and mix until thoroughly incorporated and you have a nice soft dough. Let rest, refrigerated, for at least 20 minutes.nFor the Filling: Boil potatoes until tender and mash together with the remaining ingredients. Reserve.nAssembly: Roll the dough to 18inch thickness and cut into 2inch circles. Place 1 tablespoon of the filling into each circle fold into 12 moon shapes and seal. Repeat until all filling has been used. Boil in salted water until the pierogies float. Optional, saute in butter until golden brown., ingredients: [1 whole egg, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 8 ounces lobster meat cooked, 4 ounces butter, 4 ounces half and half, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 cups flour, 4 ounces sour cream, 2 ounces butter], title: Lobster Pierogies, picturelink: null}, 26488: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSprinkle salt on both sides of the eggplant slices and arrange in a single layer on a triple layer of paper towels on a baking sheet. Place another triple layer of paper towels on top. If there are additional slices, arrange them on top of the paper towels in a single layer, then top them with another triple layer of towels. Let the salt do the work for 30 to 45 minutes.nFirmly press on the eggplant slices to remove as much liquid as possible, then wipe off any excess salt. Pepper both sides of the eggplant. Preheat the oven to 175 degrees F.nSet up a standard breading station with 3 pie plates or small baking dishes. Add some flour to one, the beaten eggs to another and the breadcrumbs stirred together with the Parmesan to the third. Season each station lightly with salt and pepper.nDredge each eggplant slice first in the flour, then shake off the excess. Dip in the egg, letting any excess drip, and then coat in the breadcrumbs. Set aside on a wire rack and repeat with the remaining eggplant slices.nHeat 12 inch of canola oil in 2 large, straightsided saute pans over medium heat until hot. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.nWorking in small batches, fry a few eggplant slices in each pan, turning once, until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Using tongs, transfer to the towellined baking sheet to drain. Fit another baking sheet with a wire rack to hold the eggplant warm in the oven while you finish frying the remaining slices.nTo build the sandwich: slice the burrata into disks try to keep its shape and arrange in a single layer on the bottom portion of the loaf. Put a single layer of the warm, crispy eggplant on top, then top with the roasted red peppers and drizzle with the Balsamic Vinaigrette. Use toothpicks to secure the top, then slice and serve.nPut the vinegar in a small saucepan with the garlic and shallots and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer, uncovered, until the vinegar reduces to about 12 cup. Let cool for about 5 minutes.nIn a blender, pulse together the vinegar mixture, honey, Italian seasoning and some salt and pepper. While the machine is running, slowly drizzle in the olive oil until the dressing is combined and emulsified. Adjust the seasoning if necessary, or add more oil if you want it less acidic., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 large eggplant, peeled and sliced into 12inch rounds, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 4 large eggs, beaten, 3 cups Italian breadcrumbs, 1 cup grated Parmesan, Canola oil, for frying, 16 ounces burrata cheese, One 2foot Italian bread loaf, sliced in half lengthwise, One 12ounce jar roasted red peppers, Balsamic Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 34 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, 12 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, plus more if needed], title: 24 Inches of Eggplant, picturelink: yZRjd14avifLm3EoqXZBBQ8v6fy3txS}, 26489: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the corn and cook until it starts to brown slightly, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato paste, rosemary and oregano and cook, stirring constantly, until the tomato paste begins to darken in color, about 1 minute. Slowly whisk in the chicken broth until the paste is smooth and then incorporated into the liquid. Add the whole can of diced tomatoes including the liquid, and bring the mixture to a boil. Stir in the pasta, the white beans and reserved liquid and the soy sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Cook the pasta until al dente, 7 to 8 minutes, stirring in the green beans during the last 2 minutes. Serve in individual bowls with a little oil drizzled on top., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for serving, One 8ounce can corn kernels, strained, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, chopped, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 quart chicken broth, One 14ounce can diced tomatoes, 34 cup smallcut pasta, like small shells, One 14ounce can white beans, strained, reserving half the liquid, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 14ounce can cut green beans, strained], title: Quick and Easy Minestrone, picturelink: ejoAp5BaPXJK0ayZ1TBeN9OOb05HepS}, 26490: {instructions: Pour over ice in a rocks glass., ingredients: [2 Parts Kahlua, 1 part vodka], title: Kahlua Black Russian, picturelink: c4Yeb95tCsU6.1PL3d4fov5waa5TL6}, 26491: {instructions: Preheat the grill to medium. Put the shallots on a flat surface and slice them into 12inch thick rounds. Toss the rounds in a bowl with 1 tablespoon of the white wine vinegar, orange juice, and salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, toss the radicchio halves in 4 tablespoons of the olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange them, cut sides down, in a single layer on the grill. You want them to be in an area of the grill that is good and hot without being so hot that they flame and scorch.nMeanwhile, combine the honey and the remaining vinegar in a saucepan over medium heat and cook until the mixture begins to foam. Turn the heat to low and keep warm.nAfter the radicchio has grilled for 5 minutes, turn them over to the other side and cook until tender, 10 to 12 minutes. They may vary in cooking times depending on their size. What you are looking for is that the halves hold their shape somewhat, but are tender when pierced with the tip of a knife. Remove from the grill to a platter, drizzle with the honey mixture and top with the pickled shallots. You can allow this dish to rest for a while so it can absorb the flavors of the dressing, or enjoy it immediately., ingredients: [4 medium shallots, peeled, 5 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 orange, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 medium heads radicchio, trimmed of any outer wilted leaves, stem trimmed, halved, washed and dried, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup honey], title: Grilled Radicchio with Honey and Pickled Shallots, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 26492: {instructions: Special equipment: Outdoor grill, 6ounces apple wood chips, for smokingnShape a large piece of aluminum foil into a bowl shape. Submerge the wood chips in water for at least 15 minutes, then drain them and put them in the foil bowl. If you are using a gas grill turn 1 side to high and leave the other side off.nPut the tomatoes on the side of the grill that is off and put the foil bowl full of wood chips on the heated side. Close the lid and smoke for 45 minutes.nIndoor method: Put the soaked wood chips in the bottom tray of a stovetop smoker. Heat over mediumhigh heat until the chips begin to smoke. Put the tomatoes, over the wood chips in the smoking tray, and then cover the smoker. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and smoke for 15 minutes.nWhen the tomatoes are done, put them in a large mixing bowl to cool slightly. Peel the skins from the tomatoes and discard.nAdd the tomatoes to a blender and blend on high until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat and add the garlic and shallots. Saute until softened, about 4 minutes. Stir in the tomato puree and simmer until slightly thickened, 20 to 25 minutes. Season with salt, and pepper, to taste. Let the tomato mixture cool for about 5 minutes, then add it to a blender and mix until smooth. Strain through a fine sieve into a bowl and set aside.nIn a coffee grinder, grind the chiles and quinoa into a powder. Season the tuna steaks with salt and pepper, to taste, and then toss them in the chile dust.nIn a large heavy bottom skillet over high heat, add 3 tablespoons olive oil and heat until smoking hot. Sear all 4 sides of the tuna steaks making sure cooking time is even for all sides, about 30 seconds per side. While the grill is still hot, coat the whole scallions with remaining olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill for about 1 minute on each side.nIndoor method: Char the scallions on a lightly oiled grill pan or under a broiler.nTo serve, spoon some tomato puree onto each serving plate. Slice the tuna and arrange on the plates, garnished with grilled scallions., ingredients: [4 medium tomatoes, halved and cored, 5 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 small cloves garlic, sliced very thin, 1 large shallot, sliced very thin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 dried chiles de arbol, 13 cup red quinoa, 4 thick tuna steaks about 4 to 5 ounces each, 8 whole scallions], title: Red QuinoaCrusted Tuna with Smoked Tomato Puree, picturelink: 3YYEMzCm6TZEhWkhdjyW00ptirs3fm}, 26493: {instructions: Sift the salt, flour and baking powder into a large bowl. In another bowl, mix the sugar, milk, eggs and half of the oil together. Pour the milk mixture into the center of the flour mixture and knead together. If its a little dry add a little cold water. The dough should be soft and pliable.nAdd the remaining oil and knead again, then cover for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes knead the dough once again. Cover and set aside for 2 to 3 hours.nAbout half an hour before the naan is needed, preheat the oven to 500 degrees F and put a lightly greased pizza stone into the oven.nDivide the dough into balls and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Then shape them into flattened ovals and put on top of the baking stone. Bake the dough until puffed and is cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes depending on thickness. Remove from the stone to a serving platter and serve hot., ingredients: [2 teaspoons salt, 8 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup whole milk, 2 eggs, 8 tablespoons grapeseed oil, divided, Cold water, if needed], title: Naan Bread, picturelink: null}, 26494: {instructions: Mix 3 chopped tomatoes, 1 diced seeded jalapeno, 1 diced red onion, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, and salt to taste.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Pico de Gallo, picturelink: ygDbqvtbrCAMzolgyzmNatz5IZ1IKqi}, 26495: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the potatoes and cook until just tender. Drain and turn out onto a cutting board. Smash the potatoes with the side of a large knife or spatula.nHeat a large cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. When the pan is very hot, but not smoking, add the cipollini onions, and cook until starting to caramelize, about 4 to 5 minutes Add in the drained artichokes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes before turning them so that they will caramelize. Add the potatoes and cook until the potatoes are starting to brown, then stir in the garlic and the thyme. Slowly pour in the chicken stock, scraping up the bits from the bottom of the pan. Sprinkle with the vinegar and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, if necessary. Transfer to a platter and garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [Salt, 8 medium fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 cipollini onions, peeled, sliced in half along equator, 1 15ounce jar artichokes, not marinated, with stems, drained, roughly chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 5 garlic cloves, smashed, 2 sprigs thymes, leaves chopped, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Artichoke, Onion, and Potato Hash, picturelink: null}, 26496: {instructions: 1. For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with paper liners. Sift the flour, granulated sugar, cocoa, baking soda and salt into a large mixing bowl. In another mixing bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, oil, sour cream, food coloring, vinegar, vanilla and egg.n2. Add the buttermilk mixture to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Divide evenly among the cupcake liners. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cupcake comes out with a few moist crumbs, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove the cupcakes from the tin and cool completely on a wire rack.n3. Meanwhile, for the filling: Beat the cream cheese in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth and fluffy. Gradually beat in the butter until smooth. Sift the confectioners sugar over the mixture and beat until smooth. Add the vanilla extract and salt, and beat until light and fluffy. Scrape into a pastry bag fitted with a medium tip. Insert the tip vertically about 1inch into the top of each cupcake and pipe in some filling. Repeat with the remaining cupcakes. Wipe off the tip if there are crumbs sticking to it.n4. For the chocolate glaze: Put the chocolate in a mixing bowl. Heat the cream in a small saucepan over medium heat until it just simmers. Pour the cream over the chocolate and let sit for 1 minute. Then gently stir until smooth and glossy. Cool the glaze slightly. Spread 1 tablespoon of glaze on top of each cupcake or dip the top of the cupcake in the glaze., ingredients: [1 34 cups cake flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup Dutchprocessed cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup buttermilk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon red food coloring, 2 teaspoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, at room temperature, One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons butter, cubed, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup chopped goodquality semisweet chocolate, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Stuffed Red Velvet Cupcakes with Chocolate Glaze, picturelink: null}, 26497: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPrepare the quinoa according to the package directions. Set aside to cool.nIn a small skillet over mediumlow heat, melt the butter with the garlic. Turn off the heat and allow it to sit for 5 minutes.nArrange the carrots, parsnips, red onion and squash on a large rimmed baking sheet. Pour over half of the garlic butter, sprinkle on some salt and pepper and toss to coat. Roast the vegetables, tossing occasionally, until theyre nice and deep golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly.nPour the other half of the garlic butter into a bowl reserve the skillet for the pine nuts. Add the lemon juice and some salt and pepper and whisk.nAdd the pine nuts to the reserved skillet, set over low heat and toast, tossing occasionally, until light golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Set aside.nTo assemble the salad: Add the arugula to a large bowl, followed by the roasted vegetables, buttery dressing, quinoa, pine nuts and Parmesan shavings. Toss it all together and serve while still warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup quinoa, 8 tablespoons 1 stick salted butter, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 large carrots, peeled, halved lengthwise and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 large parsnips, peeled, halved lengthwise and cut into 1inch pieces, 12 red onion, cut into large chunks, 12 butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into large chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup pine nuts, 6 ounces baby arugula leaves, 1 cup Parmesan shavings], title: Quinoa with Buttery Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: pbP4ga3HZ3W4tbBOgK.bKdphsB0si}, 26498: {instructions: In a large, deep skillet, heat 1 12 inches vegetable oil over medium high heat. The oil needs to be 360 degrees F for frying. If you do not have a frying thermometer, add a cube of white bread to hot oil. If the bread browns in a 40 count, the oil is ready.nCover work surface with waxed paper. Arrange breasts on paper. Butterfly small chicken breasts, cut into flesh and across, but not through the breast, and open them up. The 6ounce thin cut breasts may just be removed from package and arranged on waxed paper. Cover breast meat with a second sheet of waxed paper. Pound out cutlets to 14inch thick with a small heavy skillet or a rubber mallet. Be careful not to tear meat. Roll up waxed paper and breasts and set aside.nCombine chopped herbs on cutting board with chopped garlic. Cut 4 1 12 tablespoons pieces of cold butter and coat each piece liberally with the herb garlic mixture.nIn 3 disposable pie tins, set out flour, eggs beaten with a splash of cold water and bread crumbs. Uncover chicken and squeeze a wedge of lemon over breasts. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Place an herbcovered piece of butter on each piece of chicken. Wrap and roll cutlets tightly up and over the butter cubes. Discard pie tins used for breading. Secure stuffed chicken with toothpicks. Roll stuffed breasts in flour, then egg, then bread crumbs.nFry the Kiev bundles 7 to 8 minutes on each side until deep golden brown all over., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 6 to 8ounce pieces boneless, skinless chicken or 4 6ounce thin cut chicken cutlets, 10 blades fresh chives, chopped to about 2 tablespoons, A palmful fresh parsley, finely chopped to about 2 tablespoons, A palmful fresh dill, finely chopped, about 2 tablespoons, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 6 tablespoons chilled butter, 1 cup flour, 2 eggs, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, A wedge lemon, Salt and pepper, Plain, round toothpicks], title: Chicken Kiev, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 26499: {instructions: Special equipment: several layers of cheeseclothnHeat the Ghee in a large heavybottomed pot over mediumlow heat. Add the onions, ginger, and garlic and cook slowly until the onions are very soft, about 15 minutes. Add the tomato paste, Curry Powder, cinnamon stick, and chiles and give it a good stir season with salt and pepper. Pour in the coconut milk and chicken stock and bring it back to a simmer cook until the sauce has thickened, about 20 minutes. Add the tomatoes, chicken, cilantro, and half the lemon juice continue to simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 10 to 15 minutes. Taste and adjust the seasoning with lemon juice, salt and pepper. Garnish with cilantro and mint leaves.nPut the butter in a heavy saucepan over mediumlow heat. Melt the butter slowly and make sure it does not sizzle or brown. Increase the heat and bring the butter to a boil. When the surface is covered with foam, stir gently and reduce the heat to the lowest possible setting. Gently simmer, uncovered, and undisturbed for 45 minutes, until the milk solids in the bottom of the pan have turned golden brown and the butter on top is transparent. Strain the ghee through a sieve lined with several layers of cheesecloth. The ghee should be perfectly clear and smell nutty pour into a glass jar and seal tightly.nToast the coriander, cumin, cardamom, peppercorns, fennel, mustard, cloves, and the chiles in a small dry skillet over mediumlow heat just until they smell fragrant, about 2 minutes. In a clean coffee grinder or spice mill, grind the toasted spices together to a fine powder. Add the turmeric and give it another quick buzz to combine. Use the curry powder immediately, or store in a sealed jar for up to 1 month., ingredients: [3 tablespoons Ghee, recipe follows, 2 medium onions, chopped, One 1inch piece ginger, peeled and finely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons Curry Powder, recipe follows, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 to 3 dried red chiles, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 15ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk, 2 cups chicken stock, 4 tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch strips, 14 cup cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 lemon, juiced, Mint leaves, for garnish, 1 pound unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon cardamom seeds, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon whole cloves, 2 dried red chiles, broken in pieces, seeds discarded, 2 tablespoons turmeric], title: Spicy Chicken Coconut Curry, picturelink: null}, 26500: {instructions: Special equipment: a spice grinder 15 to 20 skewers, soaked 30 minutes if wood or bamboonPlace a medium skillet over mediumlow heat and add the coriander, cumin, fennel, fenugreek, mustard, peppercorns, cardamom and cinnamon. Toast, shaking the pan, until fragrant, 2 to 4 minutes. Set aside and let cool slightly. Place in a spice grinder along with the dried chile and pulse to a powderlike consistency, then transfer to a bowl and add the turmeric and paprika. Transfer a few tablespoons to a large mixing bowl and save the rest of the spice mixture for another use.nTo the mixing bowl, add the yogurt, ginger, garlic, olive oil and some salt and pepper and stir to combine. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper, add it to the yogurt mixture and let marinate, refrigerated, for at least 20 minutes and up to 2 hours.nPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Remove the chicken from the yogurt and thread it onto skewers. Place on the grill pan and let cook, turning once, until cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes.nPlace the Pickled Vegetable Rice in 4 small bowls. Serve with the chicken.nPlace a small to medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the rice, curry leaf, chicken stock and cardamom pods and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a simmer, then cover and reduce the heat to low. Let cook according to the package instructions, 16 to 18 minutes. Remove from the heat and remove the curry leaf and cardamom pods from the pot, then fluff the rice with a fork and set aside to keep warm. Stir in the pickled vegetables and their pickling liquid., ingredients: [1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon fenugreek seeds, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 cardamom pods, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 long dried red chile, destemmed, 1 12 to 2 tablespoons ground turmeric, 1 tablespoon paprika, 2 cups Greekstyle yogurt, One 1inch piece ginger root, peeled and grated, 3 cloves garlic, grated, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1 to 2inch pieces, Pickled Vegetable Rice, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup basmati rice, 1 curry leaf, 1 12 to 2 cups chicken stock, 2 cardamom pods, Salt and pepper, 12 cup giardiniera pickled vegetables, chopped, plus 1 tablespoon pickling liquid], title: Tandoori Chicken Thighs with PickledVegetable Rice, picturelink: 6F05km6yql4owtwLod7hXEJg5KYVjfG}, 26501: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix together coconut flakes and 14 teaspoon cinnamon on a sheet tray and toast coconut until edges are golden, stirring occasionally. In a small saucepan on medium heat, melt 12 cup of the sugar until it becomes a golden brown caramel. Working quickly and with purpose, before the caramel hardens, pour the syrup into the pie plate, tilting the plate to completely cover the bottom. In another small saucepan, bring the coconut milk and evaporated milk to a simmer. In a large bowl combine the remaining sugar, cinnamon, eggs, salt, and vanilla. Pour a little of the milk mixture into the bowl and whisk well to temper the eggs. Whisk in a little more milk, then pour the entire egg mixture into the pot. Strain custard then pour into pie pan. Place pie pan inside a roasting pan. Fill pan with hot water to about an inch up the side of the pie pan. Bake until the center sets, about 45 to 50 minutes. Remove custard from oven and let cool 12 hour in the water bath. To serve, invert custard onto a serving plate. Top with toasted coconut and slice into wedges., ingredients: [12 cup sweetened coconut flakes, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 14 cups sugar 1 15.5ounce can coconut milk, 1 cup evaporated milk, 5 eggs, beaten, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Special Equipment: 9 12inch glass pie plate], title: Coconut Flan, picturelink: null}, 26502: {instructions: Make a simple syrup by mixing the sugar with 34 cup water until the sugar dissolves.nPut the melon in a blender with the lime juice and blend until smooth. Add about 1 cup of the simple syrup to the blender and blend. Taste and add more simple syrup if needed. Refrigerated until chilled.nAdd some ice to each wine glass. Add 13 cup melon puree to each and top with sparkling wine. Garnish with a piece of melon and slice of lime on the rim of each glass., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 1 medium honeydew melon, peeled, seeded and cut into chunks save a few pieces for garnish, 2 limes, 1 juiced, 1 cut into slices for garnish, 2 bottles sparkling wine], title: Honeydew Spritzers, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 26503: {instructions: For the salsa: Combine the tomatoes, celery, cucumber, onion and cilantro in a mixing bowl.nAdd the lime juice, ginger, garlic and salt and pepper to taste. Add the corn and aji amarillo paste. Mix well.nFor the ceviche: In a separate bowl, add the bay leaves, lime juice, some salt and pepper and 5 cups water. Add the shrimp and toss to coat. The citric acid in the lime juice will cook the shrimp in about 3 to 5 minutes. Once the shrimp turn opaque, take them out and place them on ice to stop the cooking process.nTo serve, place some avocado on each plate. Top with 6 to 7 shrimp and some of the salsa. Garnish with some Peruvian corn., ingredients: [4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and diced, 2 stalks celery, chopped into small cubes, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and chopped into small cubes, 1 red onion, diced, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup lime juice 3 to 4 limes, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 15ounce can white corn, drained, 2 tablespoons aji amarillo paste, 3 bay leaves, Juice of 2 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound large shrimp 2125, peeled and deveined, 2 to 3 avocados, diced, Fried Peruvian corn, such as Amazonas, for serving see Cooks Note], title: Peruvian Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 26504: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together eggs, cream, vanilla, sugar, cinnamon, and salt and set aside.nLay the 8 slices of bread out on a flat surface. Lay 1 slice of cheese on each slice of bread. Then on 4 slices of the bread lay 1 slice of ham. On the other 4 slices lay 1 slice of turkey. Top all 8 slices with 1 slice of Swiss. Make 4 sandwiches and coat with egg mixture.nCooks Note: You may add more Swiss, turkey or ham, if desirednIn a large skillet over mediumheat melt the butter.nAdd the sandwiches to the pan and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes on each side.nRemove the sandwiches to a sheet pan and place in the oven. Bake until the cheese has melted and the sandwiches are warm throughout, about 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl, whisk all of the ingredients together until smooth.nCut the sandwiches into quarters and serve with the cranberry syrup., ingredients: [6 eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 slices white bread, 8 slices Swiss cheese, thinly sliced, 12 pound ham, thinly sliced, 12 pound turkey, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 16ounce can cranberry sauce, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Monte Christo Sandwiches, picturelink: 2e9k71W0kZfHefnsh3mNNETqV.cepW}, 26505: {instructions: Prepare a charcoal grill with hot coals or turn a gas grill to mediumhigh heat.nCombine the ricotta, scallions, dill, chives, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper and set aside. Cut the bread in half and cut each half into 6 thick slices to make 12 slices total.nWhen the grill is hot, brush the bread with olive oil and grill on each side for 1 12 to 2 minutes, until lightly browned. Remove from the grill and rub each slice of bread with the cut side of the garlic clove. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and spread with the herbed ricotta. Serve 2 warm slices per person with the green salad on the side.nSet a large sieve over a deep bowl. Dampen 2 layers of cheesecloth with water and line the sieve with the cheesecloth.nPour the milk and cream into a stainlesssteel or enameled pot such as Le Creuset. Stir in the salt. Bring to a full boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Turn off the heat and stir in the vinegar. Allow the mixture to stand for 1 minute until it curdles. It will separate into thick parts the curds and milky parts the whey.nPour the mixture into the cheeseclothlined sieve and allow it to drain into the bowl at room temperature for 20 to 25 minutes, occasionally discarding the liquid that collects in the bowl. The longer you let the mixture drain, the thicker the ricotta. I tend to like mine on the thicker side, but some prefer it moister. Transfer the ricotta to a bowl, discarding the cheesecloth and any remaining whey. Use immediately or cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. The ricotta will keep refrigerated for 4 to 5 days.nPlace the salad greens in a large bowl.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Pour enough dressing on the salad to moisten. Toss and serve., ingredients: [2 cups ricotta, storebought or homemade recipe follows, 3 tablespoons minced scallions, white and green parts 2 scallions, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 round sourdough bread, Good olive oil, 1 whole garlic clove, cut in half, Green Salad Vinaigrette recipe follows, 4 cups whole milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons good white wine vinegar, 8 to 10 cups salad greens or mesclun mix, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, 12 cup good olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Herbed Ricotta Bruschettas, picturelink: aLGeAgkEUClkJ8kBU5hZm47xm0qjal.}, 26506: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring water to a boil for pasta. Salt the water and undercook the pasta by 2 minutes, about 5 to 6 minutes.nWhile the water comes to a boil, in a covered Dutch oven heat extravirgin olive oil over medium to mediumhigh heat. Cut the core away from the cauliflower and set the head into the pot and add 1 cup stock, cover and steam 12 to 15 minutes until tender. Remove and separate the cauliflower into florets. Discard water from pot.nOver medium heat in the same pot, melt the butter, then add onions and garlic. Saute for 3 to 4 minutes, until tender. Add in the flour and whisk for 1 minute. Whisk in the whole milk and season with salt, pepper, nutmeg, and sage. When thickened, stir in the Dijon mustard and 23 of the combined cheeses.nDrain the pasta, add to the cauliflower, stir in the cheese sauce, transfer to baking dish, top with remaining cheese. Cool completely and cover for a makeahead meal.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBake until brown on a baking sheet to catch the bubbleover. The casserole will take 40 to 45 minutes to heat through.nGarnish bowls of caulimacncheese with chopped spicy watercress., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound short cut pasta recommended: macaroni, ziti or penne rigate or, whole wheat or whole grain pasta, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 large head cauliflower, 1 cup chicken stock, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons flour, About 2 12 cups whole milk, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh sage leaves, very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 cup sharp white Cheddar cheese, 1 cup Gruyere cheese, 1 cup shredded Parmigiano cheese, 1 small bundle watercress, washed and chopped], title: Cauliflower Mac N Cheese, picturelink: 9jKIS513y6e1O7wPG8lykpzVJzVOW}, 26507: {instructions: Season the beef with salt and pepper. In a medium bowl, whisk together the lime juice, soy sauce, sugar, garlic and chile until the sugar is dissolved. Add the beef, toss to coat and set aside.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat the oil until shimmering, about 1 minute. Then add the beef and cook, stirring, until cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes.nRemove the beef from the skillet and set aside. Allow the liquid in the skillet to reduce until thickened, about 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms, spring onions and asparagus and cook until all the vegetables are tendercrisp, 5 to 7 minutes. Return the beef to the skillet and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 12 pounds skirt steak, cut into 4inchlong pieces, then cut against the grain into 1u00bf4inchthick slices, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice about 3 limes, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 garlic cloves, grated, 1 fresh serrano chile, seeded and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 ounces shitake mushrooms, sliced, 1 bunch spring onions, chopped, 1 bunch pencil asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces], title: Beef StirFry, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 26508: {instructions: Put the onion, jalapeno, and garlic in a food processor and finely chop. Add the tomatillos, avocado, and salt and pulse until chopped but still chunky. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the cilantro.nHeat a stovetop or outdoor grill to mediumhigh. Mix the olive oil, chipotle or chili powder, and salt in a large bowl. Add the shrimp and toss to coat. Grill the shrimp until translucent, about 1 12 to 2 minutes on each side.nGrill tortillas, until slightly charred and pliable, about 20 seconds per side. Alternatively, wrap in a damp paper towel and heat in a microwave. Spoon sauce on the tortilla, then top with about 2 or 3 shrimp and a sprig of cilantro. Serve 2 tacos per person, with a lime wedge on the side., ingredients: [1 small onion, quartered, 1 jalapeno, quartered, seeds optional, 1 garlic clove, smashed, 4 medium tomatillos, about 8 ounces husked, rinsed, and coarsely chopped, 12 Hass avocado, peeled, seeded, and cut into chunks, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon chipotle or blended chili powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound medium shrimp about 20, peeled and deveined, 8 corn tortillas, 8 sprigs cilantro for garnish, 2 limes, cut into wedges], title: Chipotle Shrimp Taco with Avocado Salsa Verde, picturelink: XJvFShhF5zH3ZN.H0k8xPagYOgcPW}, 26509: {instructions: In a small saucepan, simmer together port wine and sugar over mediumhigh heat until the sugar has dissolved. Add dried fruit and dried cranberries. Bring mixture to a boil and reduce to a simmer for 5 minutes. Set aside to cool.nServe over frozen yogurt and garnish with toasted slivered almonds., ingredients: [1 12 cups port wine, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup mixed dried fruit, 12 cup dried cranberries, Lowfat vanilla frozen yogurt, desired amount, Toasted slivered almonds, for garnish], title: Dried Fruit Compote, picturelink: null}, 26510: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Pass the pork shoulder and venison through the medium die of a grinder for a coarse grind. Place the chicken liver in the bowl of a food processor and pulse to a fine paste. Combine the liver, pork and venison in a large bowl that has been chilled in the refrigerator. Chop the onion, garlic, thyme and parsley in the processor until very fine and add to the meats in the cold bowl. Combine the salt, pepper, eggs, cream, brandy, flour, cinnamon and mace and add to the meat mixture. Mix well and chill the entire mixture for 30 minutes. Line a large loaf tin with plastic wrap, pour the terrine mixture in, tamping down to insure an even layer. Cook the terrine in a water bath in the oven by heating some water in a tea kettle, place the prepared terrine into a roasting pan set in the oven, and pour the hot water into the roasting pan, being careful not to get any water into the terrine. Bake for about 90 minutes or until the meat reaches an internal temperature of 155 degrees. Remove from the oven and cool. Place a sheet of plastic wrap over the terrine, poking holes in the plastic so that hot air can escape. Place 2 to 3 pounds of weight such as dry beans still in the bag on top of the plastic wrap to weigh down and compress the terrine and refrigerate overnight. Remove from the oven and cool. Refrigerate overnight and serve cold with mustard, pickles and green bean salad., ingredients: [2 pounds pork shoulder or butt, 1 pound venison, stew meat preferred, 1 pound chicken liver, cleaned of bile, 1 large onion, 2 garlic cloves, Several sprigs fresh thyme, Several sprigs fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup brandy, 3 tablespoons flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground mace], title: Pork and Venison Terrine, picturelink: null}, 26511: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Using a serrated knife, slice off the top quarter of each tomato and reserve the tops. Scoop out the pulp from inside each tomato and transfer it to a food processor. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil and the cayenne to the food processor and process until smooth pour into a 9by13inch baking dish.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage, herbes de Provence, bell pepper, onion, diced celery and garlic. Cook, stirring, until the sausage browns, about 5 minutes. Transfer the sausage mixture and bread cubes to the food processor and pulse until chopped. Pack the tomatoes with the sausagebread mixture so the stuffing is domed on top. Put the stuffed tomatoes in the baking dish on top of the sauce.nPlace the basil, walnuts, cheese and celery leaves in the food processor and chop. Sprinkle onto the tomatoes. Put the tomato tops, cutside down, between the stuffed tomatoes. Bake until the stuffing is golden, about 20 minutes. Cover each tomato with a top and serve with the sauce.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [8 medium tomatoes, preferably with stems intact, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 34 pound luganega or sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence, 1 small green bell pepper, diced, 12 large onion, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, plus a handful of celery leaves, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 2 cups bread cubes from about 12 baguette, 1 cup fresh basil, 12 cup walnut pieces, 13 cup grated parmesan cheese], title: SausageandBasilStuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: BBdqPtfaCB1kKi0AA8dJnFwEpdd0QT6}, 26512: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Cook asparagus until tender, about 3 minutes depending on thickness. Drain asparagus and shock it in ice water to stop the cooking pat dry and set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice and 12 teaspoon lemon zest season with salt and pepper. Add arugula and asparagus spears to bowl and toss gently to coat, being careful not to break asparagus.nOn a large cutting board or work surface, arrange 3 slices prosciutto vertically and slightly overlapping to form a rectangle, about 6 by 8 inches.nLay an even combination of about a 14 of the dressed asparagus and arugula horizontally across prosciutto. Tightly roll up prosciutto, jellyroll style cut roll on the diagonal into bitesize pieces. Repeat this process to make and cut 4 more rolls., ingredients: [Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound pencilthin asparagus, trimmed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 bunch arugula, 15 thin slices prosciutto about 12 pound, each about 8inches long], title: Prosciutto Rolls with Asparagus and Arugula, picturelink: null}, 26513: {instructions: Special equipment: The Total BlendernRemove avocado flesh from the skin and add with all the remaining ingredients to the BlendTec blender using button number 3. Garnish with mint leaves, finely chopped red bell pepper and avocado., ingredients: [12 large organic avocado, pit removed, 1 large organic red bell pepper, coarsely chopped, Water from 1 young coconut, 1 stalk organic celery, roughly chopped, 2 thin pieces fresh organic ginger root, 15 fresh organic spearmint leaves, 2 small pieces fresh hot pepper, Mint leaves, for garnish, Finely chopped red bell pepper, for garnish, Avocado slices, for garnish], title: Peppermint Soup, picturelink: null}, 26514: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saute pan over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon of the oil. When the oil is hot add the onions and saute until translucent. Stir in the artichokes and sundried tomatoes. Saute for 3 to 5 minutes, then add the salt, pepper and garlic. When the garlic begins to lightly brown, deglaze with 14 cup of the white wine. Stir in 2 tablespoons of the butter, allow it to melt, then toss in the Parmesan and parsley.nRemove from the heat and allow to cool before stuffing the chicken breast.nRinse, trim and pound out chicken breasts to about 14inch thick. Do not overpound as holes in the chicken will make it difficult for the chicken to retain the stuffing.nPut 14 of the stuffing mixture at 1 end of a chicken breast. Gentle roll the chicken breast folding the ends in to help keep the stuffing from coming out during the cooking process. Secure the chicken roll with 2 toothpicks. Repeat with remaining chicken breasts and stuffing.nHeat the 2 tablespoons of the remaining oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Add the chicken breasts, with the secured side of the chicken first, to insure the roll with stay together. Brown the chicken on all sides, add remaining butter, and deglaze with remaining white wine.nReduce the heat to low and cover the pan. Cook until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 10 minutes.nRemove the chicken to a cutting board and discard the toothpicks. Slice each breast on a bias into 5 pieces and transfer to a serving platter. Drizzle with remaining pan drippings, garnish with a sprinkle of Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 12 cup chopped red onion, 34 cup chopped marinated artichoke hearts, 12 cup chopped marinated sundried tomatoes, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 12 cup white wine, divided, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 12 tablespoon finely chopped Italian parsley leaves, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts], title: Artichoke and SunDried Tomato Stuffed Chicken Breast, picturelink: U.7WmCswcZL01LWNanHQDiau3Aoso0C}, 26515: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPour a heaping tablespoon of Parmesan onto a silicone or parchment lined baking sheet and lightly pat down. A silicone baking sheet is highly recommended. Repeat with the remaining cheese, spacing the spoonfuls about a 12 inch apart.nBake for 3 to 5 minutes or until golden and crisp. Cool., ingredients: [12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Parmesan Crisps, picturelink: .X82r7gbEybmyAiUcnLbKrCkUan2rAW}, 26516: {instructions: Using a vegetable peeler shave milk chocolate into curls set aside.nPlace white chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl set aside.nPlace milk and cream in a medium saucepan set over medium heat until bubbles begin to form around edges of pan, about 4 minutes. Immediately pour over white chocolate. When chocolate begins to melt, stir to combine. Whisk in vanilla. Continue whisking until a light foam forms.nServe immediately garnished with peppermint sticks, whipped cream, and chocolate curls., ingredients: [2 ounces milk chocolate, for garnish, 12 ounces goodquality white chocolate, coarsely chopped, 6 cups whole milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Peppermint sticks, for garnish, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: White Hot Chocolate, picturelink: QaMnM1Tk0INVcmrKOudWOUwNdbkqJCq}, 26517: {instructions: PanFried Hot DognCook in a hot castiron skillet with a little oil, butter or bacon fat, about 5 minutes.nBacon and OnionsnCook 4 chopped bacon slices in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until the fat has rendered, about 5 minutes. Add 12 thinly sliced onion cook, stirring, until translucent, about 3 minutes. Stir in 1 tablespoon each soy sauce and lime juice and 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce.nMayonnaisenSpicy ChipsnSpread 1 cup lightly crushed tortilla chips on a baking sheet and spray with cooking spray. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon chililime powder such as Tajen brand and toss to coat. Bake at 350 degrees F until lightly toasted, 4 to 5 minutes. Let cool.nKetchupnYellow MustardnPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Bacon Hot Dog, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 26518: {instructions: Butter a 9inch or 10inch springform cake pan. Set aside 34 cup of the crumb dough to sprinkle over the top. Press crumb mixture on bottom and up sides of form as much as will stick.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees. Mix butter, egg yolks, sugar together. Add cheese, vanilla, grated rind and lemon juice, flour and baking powder. Beat 4 egg whites until peaked. Fold into cheese mixture and pour on top of dough. Add chopped walnuts to reserved crumb mixture and sprinkle mixture over the top.nBake for 1 hour or until set. Turn off heat, open oven door and let stand for 1 hour or until cooled. Remove rim of spring form pan and set cake with its cake bottom on serving plate., ingredients: [Butter for cake pan, 6 ounces zwieback cookies, crumbed and mixed with 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon and 12 cup melted, 7 tablespoons softened butter, 4 large eggs, separated, 1 cup sugar, 2 pounds farmers cheese, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Grated peel of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 cup chopped walnuts], title: Helens Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 26519: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice the zucchini lengthwise in half and cut each half into very thin half moon shapes. Melt the butter in a large preferably nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onion and then add the zucchini. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook just until slightly tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Spread the onion and zucchini evenly over the bottom of the pan and top with the beaten eggs. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and allow it to cook until just starting to set at edges. Crumble the goat cheese evenly over the top, and put it in the oven until golden on top, about 3 to 5 minutes. Slightly cool the frittata in the pan before slicing. Serve it from the pan or invert it onto a plate, then slice and serve., ingredients: [1 small zucchini, 12 small purple onion, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 10 eggs, well beaten with 2 tablespoons water can be done with hand mixer or in blender, 4 ounces goat cheese], title: Zucchini and Goat Cheese Frittata, picturelink: ibgefmJkt4n03oYhPYtzvNXaB0wHiy}, 26520: {instructions: Preheat grill or grill pan. Brush the mushrooms with 14 cup of the olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the mushrooms until golden brown and cooked through, remove from grill and coarsely chop. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place 8 tortillas on an ungreased baking sheet. Spread some of the roasted garlic puree on each. Divide the cheese among the tortillas, then the mushrooms and thyme and season to taste with salt and pepper. Stack to make 4 2 layer tortillas and cover with remaining tortilla, brush the tops with olive oil. Place on a lightly oiled baking sheet and bake or until the tortillas are lightly golden brown and the cheese has melted, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and drizzle with white truffle oil., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil plus 2 tablespoons, 12 cremini mushrooms, sliced in half, 2 portobello mushrooms, cleaned and stems removed, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 6inch flour tortillas, 10 cloves roasted garlic, pureed, 1 pound fontina cheese, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons white truffle oil], title: Sauteed Mushroom and Fontina Cheese Quesadilla with White Truffle Oil, picturelink: null}, 26521: {instructions: For the lamb shank braise: Preheat oven to 315 degrees F. Trim excess fat from shank, heat cast iron pan. Add 1 tablespoon oil, season shank assertively with salt and pepper, and slowly brown all sides over medium high heat. Remove from pan, discarding excess oil. Add onion. Cook for 5 minutes. Add carrots, celery, garlic and bay leaf. Cook until vegetables are caramelized and tender. Add wine and reduce. Add chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Place shank in deep pan or dish. Pour vegetables and broth over shanks. Bring back to a simmer over medium heat. Cover and braise for about 1 hour 45 minutes or until meat is tender. Remove to cool. Strain vegetables from braising liquid. Simmer liquid to skim all that rises to the top and reduce by half. Pull meat from bone and set aside both meat and braising liquid.nFor the beans: Cover beans with stock and water. Add bay leaf and vegetables, bringing to a simmer. Season to taste, continuing to simmer until beans are tender, about 45 minutes. Add more water as necessary.nFor the marinade: Trim away silver skin from loin. Rub with marinade ingredients.nFor the basil puree: Place garlic and a pinch of salt in a mortar. Puree, then add basil. Puree again. Slowly add olive oil to combine.nFor the lamb loin and sausage: Grill the loin to medium rare and rest the meat for 5 minutes. Grill the sausage for about 7 minutes, then slice.nHeat the cannellini beans in the lamb shank braising liquid. Add the braised meat and sausage to the mixture. Slice the lamb loin against the grain. Spoon the ragout onto a plate, then arrange slices of lamb loin over the top. Drizzle with the basil puree and garnish with fresh basil., ingredients: [2 lamb shanks, preferably hind shank, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 Spanish yellow onion, medium, diced, I carrot, medium, diced, 1 medium rib celery, diced, 3 garlic cloves, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup Chianti or dry red wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 13 cup dried cannellini beans, or great northern beans, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup water, 1 bay leaf, 12 yellow onion, chopped, 12 carrot, chopped, 1 rib celery, split, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 pound lamb loin, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, crushed, 1 rosemary branch, 12 garlic clove, Pinch salt, 8 basil leaves, freshest available, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 pound sweet fennel Italian sausage], title: Hickory Grilled Lamb Loin with Cannellini Bean, Braised Lamb Shank and Tuscan Fennel Sausage Ragout and Basil Puree, picturelink: null}, 26522: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch baking pan with parchment paper and grease with vegetable oil.nIn a medium bowl, sift the flour, granulated sugar and salt. Add the butter to the dry ingredients and mix with a spatula or spoon. Press the crust mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake until the crust is lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Let cool slightly.nFor the filling: Blend the mango with 2 tablespoons water in a blender.nBeat together the granulated sugar and eggs in a bowl until combined. Stir in the lemon zest and juice and mango puree. Stir in the flour.nPour the filling over the crust. Lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F and bake until the filling is set, about 25 minutes. Let cool, then refrigerate at least 1 hour before cutting the bars.nFor the topping: Dust the bars with powdered sugar, sprinkle with toasted coconut and enjoy, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for greasing the pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, Pinch salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Two 15ounce cans diced mango, syrup drained, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 5 large eggs, 1 teaspoon lemon zest plus 13 cup lemon juice, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Powdered sugar, for dusting, 1 cup toasted coconut], title: Toasted Coconut Mango Bars, picturelink: rnxI7l3r266CslQ67fJhuDWHB1.uNQS}, 26523: {instructions: Heat the 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and curry powder and saute until the onions are soft, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the potatoes, carrots, peas and corn, add season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss until the vegetables are well coated. Stir in the vegetable stock, cover, reduce the heat and let simmer for 25 minutes. Remove the filling from heat and let cool.nLay out 1 of the wonton wrappers on a floured surface. Put 1 tablespoon of the filling in the center, dip finger into water and wet the edges. Fold over diagonally and press firmly to close. Set aside on a nonstick surface such as parchment paper. Repeat the process until all filling has been used.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat the 1 quart of oil until it registers 350 to 375 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Gently add the wontons, in batches, being careful not to overcrowd the pan. Be sure to add the wontons to the oil in the direction away from you to avoid any splattering. Fry until lightly browned. Remove the wontons from the oil and set aside on paper towels to drain any excess oil. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus 1 quart for frying, 2 onions, finely chopped, 4 cloves crushed garlic, 3 teaspoons curry powder, 2 potatoes, peeled and finely diced, 2 carrots, peeled and finely diced, 34 cup frozen peas, 12 cup frozen corn, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups lowsodium vegetable stock, 1 package wonton wrappers found in ethnic section of most good grocery stores,, Allpurpose flour, for dusting work surface], title: Vegetable Samosas, picturelink: null}, 26524: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBreak off ends of asparagus.nFor the butter:nMix rub into butter. Spread the butter mixture lengthwise across a piece of plastic wrap. Roll the butter up tightly into a log and twist the ends. Refrigerate.nPreheat grill. If using a stovetop grill, use mediumhigh heat. Gently toss asparagus with seasoning, oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Grill asparagus until tender, turning once, about 6 minutes. Serve with barbecue butter.nMix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months., ingredients: [2 pounds large asparagus, trimmed, 1 teaspoon Neelys BBQ seasoning, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, Barbecue butter, 1 tablespoon Neelys BBQ seasoning, recipe follows, 1 stick butter, slightly softened, 4 ounces paprika, 2 ounces white sugar, 1 teaspoon onion powder], title: Grilled Asparagus with Barbecue Butter, picturelink: DdSKdPsMgnBj5U8U8.bFBY5geeI9qW}, 26525: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the sorbet, vodka, vanilla and ice cream to a blender. Blend until smooth.nPour into a tall glass and garnish with whipped cream, zest and peach slices. Serve with a straw., ingredients: [1 scoop peach sorbet, 2 ounces peach vodka, such as Ciroc Peach Vodka, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 scoops vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream, for garnish, Orange zest, for garnish, Peach slices, for garnish], title: Peaches and Cream Milkshake, picturelink: YrJwo9WQ0GpqRG8mB4LW47keN0nsodW}, 26526: {instructions: Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Add chayote, onion and leek and boil until the chayote is tender, for about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and allow it to cool. In a food processor puree the chayote mixture and add chicken stock, cream, fennel seed, and season, to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside until later.nIn a food processor puree until smooth the cilantro with 12 cup of water. In a bowl mix the cilantro paste with the crema fresca thoroughly and season to taste with salt and pepper.nPlace chayote soup in a serving bowls and place a dollop of crema fresca on top., ingredients: [3 chayotes, roughly diced, 1 Spanish onion, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 leek, white part only, sliced to about 12 cup, 1 12 cup chicken stock or vegetable stock, 12 cup light cream, 14 teaspoon toasted ground fennel seed, 2 bunches cilantro, 12 cup water, 12 cup crema fresca or creme fraiche, Salt and pepper], title: Chilled Chayote Soup with Cilantro Crema Fresca, picturelink: null}, 26527: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nDivide the oil among the cups of a 6cup muffin pan. Place the pan in the oven until the oil is very hot, about 5 minutes.nIn a blender, combine the flour, milk, eggs, garlic and peppercorn marinade seasoning and salt. Transfer the batter to a measuring cup to make it easier to pour into the muffin cups.nCarefully, as the oil may pop or splatter, pour the batter about 13 the way up the sides of the muffin cups. Place in the oven and bake for 15 minutes. Refrain from opening the oven door or they will not rise properly. The popovers are done when they have more than tripled in size and are golden brown and crisp around the edges. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup flour, 1 cup milk, 2 eggs, 12 teaspoon garlic and peppercorn marinade seasoning recommended: McCormick, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Popovers, picturelink: oiFoQziemtEtBvoYf6PJerNOfNDImzG}, 26528: {instructions: 1. In a very large 14 to 16quart stockpot, combine the salt, sugar, peppercorns, star anise, cinnamon, ginger, garlic, chile flakes, 1 12 cups syrup, and 1 cup soy sauce. Heat over medium heat, stirring continuously, just until the salt and sugar dissolve. Remove from the heat and stir in 5 quarts water. Let the mixture stand until room temperature.n2. Submerge the turkey in the liquid, press a piece of plastic wrap over the turkey and weight the bird down with a heavy dish of small pot so that the turkey stays in the liquid. Refrigerate for 1 to 3 days.n3. Remove the turkey from the brine, pat dry with paper towels, and discard the brine. Place the turkey on a rack set in a large roasting pan. Let stand for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.n4. Tuck the wing tips behind the back and tie together the ends of the drumsticks with kitchen twine. Scatter the onions around the turkey. Season all lightly with salt and pepper.n5. Roast the turkey for 30 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Add the remaining 2 cups water to the pan. Continue roasting for 1 12 to 2 hours or until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F. Baste the turkey two or three times during the roasting.n6. Transfer the turkey and onions to a serving platter and let rest while making the sauce. Strain the pan juices into a fat separator. Pour just the jus back into the roasting pan discard the fat. Set over medium heat and stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons syrup and 2 tablespoon soy sauce. Simmer, stirring and scraping the pan, until reduced by onethird, about 5 minutes. Serve the jus with the turkey and onions., ingredients: [1 cup Kosher salt, plus more to taste, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 10 whole star anise, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon crushed red chile flakes, 2inch piece fresh peeled ginger, sliced, 8 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons grade B maple syrup, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 5 quarts plus 2 cups water, 1 whole 10 to 12pound turkey, giblets and neck removed, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 red onions, cut into 1inch wedges], title: Maple Brined Roast Turkey, picturelink: ZiMByEcMV.CrBQJlPL4prdfiw6IFUs2}, 26529: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the olive oil in a large skillet and place over high heat for 1 minute. Add the onions, reduce the heat to medium and then add the sugar, salt, white pepper, ground sage, chopped fresh sage and sautu00e9, stirring frequently, until tender and nice and caramelized, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from heat and place the onions in a large mixing bowl. Allow to cool slightly.nWhisk eggs and cream together and mix into the onions. Put the sheets of puff pastry onto baking sheets, dock with a fork, and spread the onion mixture evenly onto the surface. Place in the oven 20 to 30 minutes, until bottom is golden brown. Remove from oven, let cool 15 minutes and slice into 2inch squares. Arrange on a decorative platter and garnish with fresh sage leaves., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 large Spanish onions, sliced, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 tablespoon ground sage plus fresh sage leaves, for garnish, 8 sage leaves, thinly sliced, 2 eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 puff pastry sheets], title: Onion Sage Tart, picturelink: null}, 26530: {instructions: Cut the top off Chinese cabbage and reserve for another use. Trim the base of the cabbage, discard, and then cut the remaining cabbage into 2inch slices. Place cabbage slices in a bowl and add garlic, chilies, sugar and salt. Stir to combine. Spoon or pour into a jar and seal. Let sit in the refrigerator for 3 days., ingredients: [1 Chinese cabbage, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 red chilies, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons salt], title: Pickled Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 26531: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the small side muscle from the scallops, rinse with cold water and thoroughly pat dry.nAdd the butter and oil to a 12 to 14inch saute pan on high heat. Salt and pepper the scallops. Once the fat begins to smoke, gently add the scallops, making sure they are not touching each other. Sear the scallops for 1 12 minutes on each side. The scallops should have a 14inch golden crust on each side while still being translucent in the center. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 to 1 14 pounds dry sea scallops, approximately 16, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Seared Scallops, picturelink: zcMb9cv3YoTzQFPvqQbG8Sio0uINcy}, 26532: {instructions: Add the gin, bitter orange liqueur, vermouth and orange juice to a cocktail shaker with ice and stir. Strain into an oldfashioned glass with ice and garnish with the orange peel., ingredients: [1 ounce gin, such as Hendricks, 1 ounce bitter orange liqueur, such as Campari, 1 ounce sweet vermouth, such as Carpano Antica or Noilly Prat, 1 ounce freshly squeezed orange juice, Wide strip of orange peel, for garnish], title: Toms Special Negroni, picturelink: RwQ10XJmFhE3YUiqsihcbe5NSiahfa}, 26533: {instructions: 1. Pulse the bacon in a food processor, or chop with a knife, until ground. If using a knife, freeze the bacon for a bit first to make the chopping easier. 2. Combine the bacon and beef in a bowl, mixing lightly. Divide the mixture into four equal portions. Gently flatten into 1inch patties and make a thumbsize divot in the middle of each.n3. Heat a griddle or large castiron pan over mediumhigh heat. Evenly sprinkle the patties all over with salt and 18 teaspoon pepper. Griddle the burgers, turning when the bottom forms a dark brown crust, about 4 minutes. Add 1ounce cheese on top of each burger and cook for 2 minutes. Cover the pan and turn the heat off. Allow to sit, covered, until the cheese melts, about 1 minute. Place the burgers on the buns, top with lettuce and tomato. Cover with the top buns and serve., ingredients: [4 ounces bacon, 1 14 pounds ground beef chuck 8020 blend preferred, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces farmhouse Cheddar, dry Jack or Comte, sliced, 4 potato buns or kaiser rolls, toasted if desired, Lettuce and tomato slices, for topping], title: Bacon Cheeseburgers, picturelink: X3989vjJKkvqhWAHK1qUPTifloYa9o6}, 26534: {instructions: Prepare the salsa: Set a grater in a large bowl grate the tomatoes and onion into the bowl. Add the jalapeno, chopped garlic, hot sauce, cumin and salt and pepper to taste. Heat a medium skillet over low heat and add 2 teaspoons olive oil. Fry the salsa in the oil until it thickens slightly, 3 minutes. Remove to a bowl and set aside. Add the beans to the same pan along with the smashed garlic, 12 cup warm water and a pinch of salt cook over low heat until warmed through, smashing slightly with a fork. Meanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in another skillet. Fry the eggs sunnyside up season with pepper. Place 1 warm tortilla on each plate. Divide the beans among them, then top with a fried egg, some salsa and cheese. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve with the remaining salsa.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 small tomatoes, 1 small onion, 1 medium jalapeno pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic 1 chopped, 1 smashed, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 15.5ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 4 large eggs, 4 6inch corn tortillas, warmed, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Huevos Rancheros, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 26535: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Chicken:nRemove neck, giblets and cut away excess fat from 1 whole roasting chicken. Take a pair of kitchen sheers and cut along both sides of backbone to remove it. Turn chicken skinside up and press down between the breasts to break the keel bone. This will allow the chicken to lay very flat on grill and cook quickly.nIn a small bowl, combine the Chinese fivespice and ground ginger. Sprinkle liberally over all sides of chicken. Set aside.nIn a small pot over mediumhigh heat, combine the hoisin sauce, rice vinegar, preminced ginger from a jar and the brown sugar. Bring to a boil for 3 minutes before using.nSet up outdoor or indoor grill on medium heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking.nPlace chicken on preheated grill. Flip after 15 minutes and glaze top. Turn and brush every 15 minutes until internal temperature of the thigh is 180 degrees F, about 45 minutes total. Transfer to cutting board and let it rest 5 minutes before cutting.nSprinkle the chicken with sesame seeds and serve., ingredients: [1 whole roasting chicken, 14 cup Chinese fivespice, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 cup hoisin sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon preminced ginger, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds], title: Butterflied Asian Chicken, picturelink: 9OJ9r1NA0ARbFAm5VB7dmIAke559kT6}, 26536: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter the bottom of two 8inch cake pans. Then line them with parchment paper and butter and flour the lined pans.nCream the butter and sugar on high speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until light and fluffy. On medium speed, add the eggs, 1 at a time, then the sour cream, zests, and vanilla, scraping down the bowl as needed. Mix well. Sift together the flour, cornstarch, salt, and baking soda. On low speed, slowly add the flour mixture to the butter mixture and combine just until smooth.nPour the batter evenly into the pans, smooth the tops, and bake in the center of the oven for 40 to 45 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Let cool in the pans for 30 minutes, then remove to wire racks and let cool to room temperature. If using 1 cake, wrap the second well and freeze.nTo make the filling for one cake, whip the cream, sugar, and vanilla in a mixer fitted with the whisk attachment until firm. Slice one of the cakes in half with a long, sharp knife. Place the bottom slice of the cake on a serving platter, spread with 12 the whipped cream and scatter with sliced strawberries. Cover with the top slice of the cake and spread with the remaining cream. Decorate with strawberries., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 4 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup 12 pint heavy cream, chilled, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 pint fresh strawberries, hulled and sliced], title: Strawberry Country Cake, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 26537: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the convection oven to 325 degrees F or a standard oven to 350 degrees F.nIn large mixer bowl, cream together the granulated sugar, butter and peanut butter until light and fluffy with heavy duty mixer. Add the eggs, one at a time, and mix thoroughly after each addition. Add the vanilla and mix well. Combine the flour, baking soda and salt. Add half of the flour to the mixer bowl along with 12 cup of the halfandhalf. Mix until the flour is mixed in, scraping the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the rest of the flour and the other 12 cup halfandhalf. Mix until the batter is smooth and all of the flour lumps are gone.nFill 24 cupcake liners half full and bake for 20 minutes in the convection oven or 28 minutes in the standard oven. The tops of the cupcakes should be lightly browned. Check the cupcakes to make sure no batter sticks to a wooden toothpick when inserted into the cupcake. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the salted caramel filling: In heavy medium saucepan, cook the granulated sugar by itself over mediumhigh heat. As the sugar starts to melt, stir continuously until all the sugar is melted and is a dark amber color. Remove from the heat. Stir in the butter until it is completely melted the mixture will bubble up. Then add the cream and stir until smooth. Sprinkle in the sea salt and stir slightly. Cool to room temperature. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the peanut butter buttercream: In large mixer bowl, beat together the butter, peanut butter and half of the powdered sugar using heavy duty mixer. Add the halfandhalf and the rest of the powdered sugar, along with the vanilla, and mix well. If the frosting is thicker than you would like, add 1 teaspoon of additional halfandhalf at a time, mixing well after each addition until the frosting reaches the correct consistency. The thickness may depend on the humidity levels in your region.nTo assemble: When cupcakes are cooled to room temperature, make a 34inch hole in the middle of each cupcake using a sharp knife. Leave a small amount of cake in the bottom of each cupcake so that your filling doesnt fall out the bottom of the cupcake. Using a small zipper bag, fill each cupcake to the top with salted caramel filling. Then frost with peanut butter buttercream. You may top cupcakes with chopped peanuts and a salted caramel drizzle as desired., ingredients: [2 cups granulated sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 4 large whole eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons salted butter, chopped in small pieces, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 pounds powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup halfandhalf, plus more for thinning if needed, Chopped peanuts, for garnish], title: Nuts for Peanut Butter Cupcakes with Salted Caramel Filling, picturelink: pkNtENpEwnlk2lZFDRe9u6zusdWBuYm}, 26538: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nMelt the butter with the sugar in a saucepan over low heat, stirring, until the mixture thickens and the sugar is almost dissolved, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in the oats, flour, vanilla and salt. Let cool 10 minutes, then stir in the egg white.nDrop 6 rounded tablespoonfuls of batter onto each prepared baking sheet, about 3 12 inches apart. Spread each mound into a 3inch circle. Bake, switching the position of the pans halfway through, until golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheets until firm, about 3 minutes, then carefully remove using a thin metal spatula and transfer to a rack to cool completely.nPut the chocolate in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave in 30second intervals, stirring, until melted. Drizzle on the cookies and let set, about 30 minutes.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [23 cup sugar, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup rolled oats not instant, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon beaten egg white, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped], title: Oatmeal Lace Cookies, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 26539: {instructions: Ingredients for the green rice:nFor the Red Beans:nSoak beans overnight in cool water. In a large sauce pot, over medium heat, brown the pork in the pork fat. Add the celery, onion and bell peppers and let sweat until lightly brown. Season with salt and red pepper flakes. Stir in the tomato paste and garlic. Add the chicken stock and beans. Reduce heat to low and simmer until beans are tender and thick. Season with salt, to taste and stir in the hot sauce, vinegar and green onions.nFor the green rice:nIn a food processor add the herbs, oil and a pinch of salt. Add the rice and water to a rice cooker and season with salt, to taste. When cooked, fluff the rice and stir in the herb mixture.nTransfer the beans to a serving bowl or platter and serve with the green rice.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 pound dry red kidney beans, 8 ounces smoked pork or ham, diced, 1ounce rendered pork fat, 2 ribs celery, diced, 12 yellow onion, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, Salt, Red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 clove garlic, sliced, 2 quarts chicken stock, Dash hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Green onions, sliced, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped green onions, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped mint leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, 2 cups jasmine rice, 2 12 cups water], title: Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: null}, 26540: {instructions: Combine 1 ounce each cognac and fresh orange juice, 12 ounce allspice liqueur such as St. Elizabeth, 3 dashes angostura bitters and 14 ounce simple syrup in a shaker add ice, shake and strain into a tall icefilled glass. Top with 3 to 4 ounces pumpkin beer.nPhotograph by Jeff HarrisStudio D., ingredients: [], title: Stingy Jack, picturelink: v.CbFd2pLtHcPKyEuv1wv7aKw7dllZ.}, 26541: {instructions: For the marinated chicken: Combine the teriyaki sauce, brown sugar, mushroom soy, garlic, sesame oil and ginger in a medium bowl. Add the chicken, toss to coat and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes. Remove and season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a grill or grill pan, sear the chicken over high heat until color begins to show, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove and roast in the oven until moist, tender and cooked through, about 10 minutes.nCut the chicken into mediumdiced sections for the pasta.nFor the pasta: Cook the pasta according to the package directions until al dente reserve the pasta and the water in the pot separately.nHeat the blended oil in saute pan over medium heat. Add the pancetta and then the garlic and saute until the garlic is golden brown, about 3 minutes.nAdd the mushrooms, cutup marinated chicken and sundried tomatoes and cook for about 1 minute, then add the wine and deglaze the pan.nAdd the cream, then 3 ounces of the Parmesan and cook until thickened. As the sauce thickens, immerse the pasta in boiling water for 15 seconds to heat, strain and then add to saute pan. Saute until all the ingredients are thoroughly combined.nSeason to taste with salt and pepper then place in a pasta serving bowl. Garnish with the snow peas and sprinkle with the remaining 1 ounce Parmesan., ingredients: [1 cup teriyaki sauce, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 34 tablespoon dark mushroom soy, 12 tablespoon chopped garlic, 12 tablespoon sesame oil, 14 teaspoon powdered ginger, 8 ounces chicken breast, Salt and pepper, 1 ounce blended olive and vegetable oils, 1 12 ounces pancetta, rendered, 12 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 ounces shiitake mushrooms, 1 12 ounces sundried tomatoes, roughly chopped, 14 cup white wine, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 pound bow tie pasta, 4 ounces grated Parmesan, Salt and pepper, 1 ounce snow peas, julienned], title: Michaels Bow Tie Chicken Pasta, picturelink: null}, 26542: {instructions: In a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add 3 tablespoons oil. Add garlic, shallot, thyme and barley cook for 2 to 3 minutes until softened. Mix well. Add chicken stock and bring mixture to a boil. Cover and reduce heat to low. Cook for 30 minutes until barley is tender and liquid is absorbed. Remove sprigs of thyme. Fold in currants and parsley.nRemove barley to a parchment lined sheet tray. Allow to cool completely in refrigerator. Once cooled, add barley mixture to a bowl. Mix in flour and egg. Form mixture into 3inch patties and place on a platter.nIn a large saute pan over medium high heat, add remaining oil. Sear cakes for 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Remove from pan and serve., ingredients: [6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon garlic, 2 shallots, minced, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 cup barley, 1 quart chicken stock, 12 cup currants, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 4 tablespoons whole wheat flour, 1 egg, beaten], title: SticktotheRibs Barley and Currant Cakes, picturelink: null}, 26543: {instructions: Evenly combine butter and chipotle with some finely grated zest and juice from lime with 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Mound steak onto a square of plastic wrap in a log shape, about 6 inches long. Roll it up in the plastic, twisting the ends tightly to seal. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nPreheat a grill to high. Season steaks all over with salt and pepper. Brush grates with oil. Grill the steaks, turning once, until an instantread thermometer inserted horizontally registers 130 degrees for mediumrare, about 8 minutes per side. Transfer steaks to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Slice steaks and divide among plates top each serving with a slice of butter. Serve with Bushsu00ae Texas Ranchero Grillin Beansu00ae., ingredients: [8 Tbsp unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 chipotle chili in adobo, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lime, 2 Tbone steaks, 1122 inches thick, about 112 pounds each, Bushsu00ae Texas Ranchero Grillin Beansu00ae], title: Grilled Tbone with Chipotle Chili Lime Butter with Bushs Texas Ranchero Grillin Beans, picturelink: 7KmZkBe.a9cN.JElsWflQU4lCf1Oq}, 26544: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSauce: Heat oil in saucepan. Add onion and garlic saute for 5 minutes, or until softened. Add tomatoes, thyme, bay leaves, olives and capers simmer, uncovered, over medium heat 15 minutes. Remove and discard bay leaves.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat broiler proof baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Place fish in single layer in baking dish. Bake for 10 minutes.nRemove dish from oven. Increase oven temperature to broil. Spoon sauce over fish. Broil fish 3 to 4 inches from source of heat for 5 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 mediumsize onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 large canned tomatoes, chopped or 1 cup canned diced tomatoes, 12 teaspoon dried leaf thyme, 2 bay leaves, 10 oilcured black olives, pitted, sliced, 1 teaspoon capers, mashed, 4 6ounce firm white fish fillets, like snapper], title: Provencal Fish Fillets, picturelink: GPHH5wrwzEXlIoBQ5B3ChpksPh6IdK}, 26545: {instructions: Make the pork loin: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace the first 5 ingredients in the bowl of a mini chopper. Process until the mixture resembles a coarse paste. Rub the paste over the surface of the pork and allow the pork to sit for 30 minutes at room temperature, or in the refrigerator for up to 6 hoursu00bfleave roast at room temperature for 30 minutes before roasting if refrigerated. Roast the pork for 30 to 50 minutes, check temperature with a meat thermometer. The temperature should read 140 degrees F. Remove the pork as soon as it reaches the correct temperature, cover with foil and let rest for 15 minutes.nMake the succotash: Place the beans in a saucepan and cover with salted water. Simmer until tender, 6 to 8 minutes for frozen beans, and 25 minutes for fresh shelling beans. Drain the beans, and using the same saucepan, add the butter and the corn and saute quickly, about 2 minutes. Add the cream, sugar, beans, and salt and pepper. Cook over low heat for about three minutes more.nSpoon the succotash into 6 shallow bowls, sprinkle with paprika and parsley. Top each with 3 to 4 1inch slices of the pork loin and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped fine, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 3 garlic cloves, minced fine, 3 pounds boneless pork loin, trimmed and tied, 2 cups frozen baby lima beans, or fresh shelling beans, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 to 6 ears fresh sweet corn scraped from the cob you will need 2 cups total u2013 a little more is ok, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon sugar, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 shakes paprika, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Garlic Crusted Sliced Pork Loin with Fresh Succotash, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 26546: {instructions: Special equipment: ToothpicksnHeat the oil in large skillet over high heat. Add the onion, peppers, and garlic and cook, stirring, until slightly softened. Add the turkey, cumin, chili powder, salt, pepper, and cayenne and cook, stirring, until cooked through, about 5 minutes.nSpoon a couple tablespoons of the turkey mixture on the inside of a lettuce leaf, top with a tablespoon of cheese and a dollop of sour cream, and roll up like a burrito. Close with toothpicks. Repeat to make 6 wraps total.nServe with salsa picante and guacamole, if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and thinly sliced, 1 green bell pepper, cored, seeded, and thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 pound skinless, boneless turkey breast, cut into thin strips, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 tablespoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 dashes cayenne pepper, 6 large red leaf lettuce leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves, 4 ounces shredded Colby Jack cheese, Monterey Jack, or Cheddar, 14 cup sour cream], title: Turkey Fajita Wraps, picturelink: null}, 26547: {instructions: For the lamb: Let the lamb come to room temperature, about 30 minutes before you are ready to cook it. Season all sides thoroughly with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat a large, heavybottomed skillet with an ovenproof handle, over mediumhigh heat. Place the lamb fatside down, and cook until it is browned, about 3 minutes per side. Place the pan with the lamb in the oven and roast for about 15 to 20 minutes, or until the internal temperature reaches 130 degrees F for mediumrare or 140 degrees F for medium. Remove the lamb from the oven, cover it with foil, and let it rest for about 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with Chimichurri sauce, recipe to follow.nFor the chimichurri sauce: Add the garlic to the bowl of a food processor or blender and pulse to get it chopped up. Place the parsley, chives, cilantro, mint, red pepper flakes, vinegar, and lime juice into the food processor and pulse to begin to combine. With the machine running slowly drizzle in the olive oil until well incorporated. Serve the sauce with the lamb., ingredients: [Lamb, 1 2 to 2 12 pound Frenched rack of lamb, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 cup fresh flatleaf Italian parsley leaves, 12 cup chopped fresh chives, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 13 cup red wine vinegar, Juice of 1 lime, 13 cup olive oil], title: Roasted Rack of Lamb Steak with Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26548: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the pumpkin, eggs, sugar, evaporated milk, salt, and spices together, blending well. Put into the pie shell and scatter the raisins evenly over the top. Bake on the middle rack for 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 can 15 ounces pumpkin puree, 2 eggs, well beaten, 1 cup brown sugar, packed, 1 small can 5 ounces evaporated milk, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 unbaked 9inch pie shell, 12 cup raisins, chopped], title: PolkaDot Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 26549: {instructions: Make the tart dough: Put in the work bowl of a food processor, the flour, butter, salt and sugar. Pulse quickly until the butter is the size of peas. Add very cold, ice water in a small stream until the dough just comes together. Empty the work bowl out onto waxed paper and halve the dough. Using the ends of the paper, shape into 2 balls. Wrap in plastic wrap and place in refrigerator until ready for use.nMake the caramelized sugar: Pour sugar in heavy skillet, cook over low heat until sugar turns a medium brown. Pour caramelized sugar in a 10inch aluminum tin or silcone mat to cool and harden. After it is cooled, break into pieces of 1to 1 12inch big. Set aside, it will be used to bake with berries.nMake fruit filling: In a large bowl, place cleaned gooseberries and blueberries. Pour lemon juice on top. Sprinkle sugar, flour and nutmeg on top of the berries Be careful not to mix, just sprinkle on top, or fruit will be mushy if overhandled.nTo assemble tartlettes: Take 8 small pie tins, brush with butter and liberally sprinkle with cornmeal. Cut dough into 8 equal pieces and put 7 back in the refrigerator must be kept cold roll out the dough into a 4inch circle, it should be quite thick, you dont want it too thin. Place disk in pie tin and repeat until all 8 are done. Place all 8 tarts on sheet pan.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Brush bottom of dough shell with egg whites. Gently scoop out the berries with the floursugar mixture on top into the shells. Place a piece of the caramelized sugar on top of berries. Fold up the sides in a circle, do not close up completely, leaving an opening. Put 1 tablespoon butter on top of each tartlette. Brush egg white on the exposed dough and bake for 45 minutes.nServe with confectioners sugar dusted on top., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 8 ounces 2 sticks butter, very cold, cut in small pieces, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup ice water, or as needed, 2 cups sugar, 1 pint gooseberries, stems picked off, washed and dried, 2 pints blueberries, wash and dried, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 14 cup 1 stick butter 1 tablespoon per tartlet, plus extra for brushing tin, 1 large egg white, for egg wash, Finely ground cornmeal, for sprinkling on tin, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Special equipment: 8 3inch pie tins], title: GooseberryBlueberry Tartlettes, picturelink: nA7V5iQqaFcIEQQ0MKqVdUioieXjPu}, 26550: {instructions: In a large cast iron skillet heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over medium heat. Add the onions and the chiles and saute, turning with tongs to make sure they brown evenly, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until golden. Add the salt and pepper, toss to mix, and remove from the heat. Drizzle with the remaining olive oil and serve, drizzled with a little sherry vinegar., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 24 pearl onions, peeled and stem end trimmed but left intact, and halved lengthwise, 12 small, whole pepperoncini, or other small, mild chiles see Note, 1 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, Sherry vinegar, for drizzling], title: Chiles Salteados Estilo Los Arcos, picturelink: null}, 26551: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nIn a colander toss the eggplant and zucchini with about 2 teaspoons salt, and let drain for about 30 minutes. In a large bowl, combine together the remaining ingredients except the fresh tomatoes with the olive oil. Add the eggplant and zucchini to the bowl and transfer to a large roasting pan arranging in 1 layer. Place in a preheated oven. Occasionally turn vegetables for even browning, after 30 minutes add fresh tomatoes continue cooking for another 15 to 30 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Serve hot or cold, garnish with fresh chopped herbs.nCrumble saffron in a small dish with 12 cup of water to dissolve. In a saucepan bring chicken broth to a boil. Add saffron in water and oil, heat for 1 minute. Stir in couscous, currants or raisins, and almonds remove from heat. Cover and let stand for 5 minutes. Fluff the couscous with a fork before serving., ingredients: [1 small to medium eggplant, cut into 1 to 1 12inch wedges, 3 small zucchini, cut into 1 12inch chunks, Salt, 2 medium onions, each cut into 4 wedges, 2 to 3 medium carrots, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 sundried tomatoes not packed in oil, 3 small pattypan squash, cut into large chunks, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and cut into large chunks, 6 ounces green beans, trimmed and cut into thirds, 3 large stalk celery with leaves, cut into 1inch pieces, 6 large garlic cloves, 3 medium ripe, tomatoes, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 12 cup packed basil leaves, chopped or 1 teaspoon dried, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped or 1 teaspoon dried, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped or 1 teaspoon dried, 12 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads, 12 cup water, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup couscous, 14 cup currants or raisins, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted], title: Early Autumn Roasted Vegetables with Couscous, picturelink: null}, 26552: {instructions: In a medium pot with high sides combine the water, milk, and heavy cream and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low and slowly pour in the polenta while whisking constantly. Cook the mixture for at least 5 minutes, stirring with a wooden spoon until thickened and cooked. Stir in the lemon zest and kosher salt., ingredients: [2 cups water, 2 cups milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup polenta, 1 tablespoon chopped lemon zest, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Creamy Polenta, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 26553: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degreesnTo prepare chicken: If frozen, thaw the chicken breasts, rinse, pat dry and set aside. Using a large flat plate prepare the dredging flour with salt and pepper and set aside. Take 2 of the maple sausage links and cut them into half so you have 4 pieces. Open the chicken breasts and remove the fillet and reserve for another use. Make a small pocket in the inside of the breast. Place 1 of the sausage pieces in the pocket and wrap the breast around it creating a closed container surrounding the sausage. Dredge the breasts in the prepared flour and set the 4 breasts on a clean plate. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in an oven safe lidded skillet. Starting with the open end first, brown the breasts fully being careful not to open the closed breast. As the breasts cook, the opening will seal making it easier to finish the searing and browning. Once fully browned cover and place in the oven and cook through. Using a small saucepan, combine basil pesto and cream and mix well. Over medium heat reduce the pestocream mixture by 13 and set aside.nFor the spinach: Plump the raisins in a cup of warm water and set aside. Cut the remaining sausage in to small pieces and set aside. Remove the frozen spinach from the package. Carefully cut the blocks into 8 large pieces. Using a lidded skillet, saute the onion in 2 tablespoons of olive oil for 2 minutes. Add the sausage and lightly brown. Add the frozen spinach and cover. When the spinach has totally thawed combine the onion and sausage and season with salt to taste. Add the raisins and their liquid and finish cooking, about 10 minutes. Allow the liquid to evaporate but do not dry out completely.nTomatoes, zucchini flowers and string beans: Using a nonstick pan quickly sear the tomatoes in some butter. Do not cook them longer than 30 seconds on each side. Reserve the pan and juices for cooking the zucchini flowers. Gently open the zucchini flower and remove the piston from its center. Replace it with a small piece of brie and close the flower. Using the same pan from above quickly cook the zucchini flowers. They are done when you see the Brie melting. Remove from the pan and place 1 on each of the seared tomato slices. Set aside. Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the string beans and cook until your desired doneness. Dress with extra virgin olive oil and some freshly squeezed lemon. Season with the freshly ground black pepper.nRemove the roasted chicken breasts from the oven and remove the skin. Place one breast centered on the lower third of the individual plate. Place a zucchini flower topped tomato on each plate centered above the breast. Frame the plate with some dressed sting beans on one side and the sauteed spinach on the other. Slowly reheat the basil pesto sauce and place 2 to 3 spoonfuls of the sauce on each breast. Serve warm and enjoy., ingredients: [4 boneless, skin on chicken breasts, 2 cups flour, for dredging, 6 maple breakfast sausage links, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup prepared basil pesto, 1 cup condensed milk as used or cream, 14 cup dark raisins, 1 cup warm water, 2 10ounce packs frozen spinach, 1 medium yellow onion, 2 vine ripe tomatoes, Unsalted butter, for sauteing, 4 zucchini flowers, Small piece Brie, 12 pound fresh string beans, 1 fresh lemon], title: SausageStuffed Roasted Chicken Breast and Side Dishes, picturelink: null}, 26554: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan, combine the sugar, water, lemon juice, ginger, and tarragon stems. Heat until sugar has dissolved. Set aside to cool. Strain.nCombine the berries in a large serving bowl. Pour the simple syrup over the berries. Chop the tarragon leaves and add to the bowl. Toss gently to coat. Serve on cake, with whipped cream or just as is., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 knob ginger, sliced into coins, Few tarragon sprigs, leaves stripped off and stems chopped and reserved, 12 pint raspberries, 12 pint blackberries, 12 pint blueberries], title: Mixed Berries with Ginger Syrup and Tarragon, picturelink: fHZVnwc8Rkj2cxoOMyctPSZLSOH0TZm}, 26555: {instructions: Add the dill, tarragon, parsley, basil and baby greens to a large salad bowl.nWhisk together the shallot, champagne vinegar and Dijon mustard. Whisk in the olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nDress the salad immediately before serving and toss., ingredients: [14 cup fresh dill leaves, 14 cup fresh tarragon leaves, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, 2 big handfuls baby green mix about 4 cups, 1 small shallot, chopped, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Easy Herb Salad, picturelink: krekfZgjlotIXtQVethVI.BtYtxe2Ie}, 26556: {instructions: Soak the bread crumbs in the cream until soft.nCombine the remaining ingredients in a bowl and mix to combine well. Grind all ingredients twice in a meat grinder fitted with a 316inch plate. Case in hog casings. Saute, grill, or poach., ingredients: [14 cup bread crumbs, 13 cup cream, 2 14 pounds boneless chicken breast and thigh, cubed, 13 pound pancetta, cubed, 1 14 tablespoons kosher salt, 23 teaspoon ground white pepper, 23 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 cup brandy, 1 tablespoon thyme, 2 tablespoons parsley], title: Boudin Blanc, picturelink: null}, 26557: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the breadcrumbs and the parsley in a medium plate, mixing thoroughly.nSprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Place the chicken in the flour to cover, then into the egg wash and finally into the breadcrumb mixture.nPlace the saute pan on medium heat, add some oil and add the chicken to pan. If the oil gets too hot it will burn the outside of the chicken before the inside cooks. Once the edges of the chicken start to brown, turn over. Top each breast with some marinara sauce and a slice of cheese.nPlace the chicken on a sheet tray and then put it in the oven. Take out the chicken when the cheese melts.nIn another pan set over mediumhigh heat, add some oil. Add the garlic and saute, followed by the broccoli rabe. Toss the two together in the pan. Add touch of butter to glaze and toss again.nTo serve, pour some of the remaining marinara sauce on the plate, then place some broccoli rabe in the center. Finally, place your chicken on top. Repeat for the remaining pieces of chicken., ingredients: [Panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, Four to six 6 to 8ounce chicken breasts, trimmed and pounded out lightly, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups flour, 3 eggs, beaten, Grapeseed oil, 2 cups prepared marinara sauce, 4 to 6 slices whole milk mozzarella, 2 cloves garlic, 2 to 3 pounds broccoli rabe, leaves removed and blanched, Butter], title: Chicken Parmesan with Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: null}, 26558: {instructions: Zest one of the oranges and set the zest aside. Working with one orange at a time, cut a 14 inch off of the bottom and top of an orange. Stand the fruit cutside down on a cutting board, and working from top to bottom, cut away the peel and pith. Working over a bowl, cradle the orange in one hand and cut along both sides of each membrane through to the center, releasing the segments into the bowl. If you cant get whole segments, thats okay. Squeeze the remaining membrane over a second bowl to release any juices add the juices that have collected with the orange segments. Repeat with the remaining oranges.nMelt the butter over medium heat in a medium skillet. Stir in the cinnamon stick and a pinch of cayenne and cook until aromatic, about 1 minute. Add the orange juice, zest and honey and bring to a simmer. Cook, uncovered, swirling occasionally, until the liquid thickens to a glaze, about 7 minutes more. Add the orange segments and cook until just warmed. Remove from the heat and discard the cinnamon stick. Spoon over toasted waffles, pancakes or French toast., ingredients: [4 oranges, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small cinnamon stick, Cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons honey, Serving suggestion: toasted waffles, pancakes or French toast], title: Oranges in Spiced Honey, picturelink: pbaUq18FuN6QPGxowNB32gRqdyeGW}, 26559: {instructions: In a deep fryer or medium stockpot heat oil or shortening to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine flour, beer, salt, and pepper. Whisk to combine set aside.nStuff each with 14ounce of cheese. Working in batches, dip jalapenos into batter, turning to coat and fry until golden brown 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer to prepared baking sheet to drain. Serve immediately with sour cream., ingredients: [2 quarts canola oil or solid vegetable shortening, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup beer not dark, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 16 fresh jalapeno peppers, slit lengthwise down one side to create a pocket, stem end intact, seeds removed if desired, 4 ounces cream cheese or thinly sliced cheddar cheese, plus more if needed depending on size of peppers, 1 cup sour cream], title: Seans Jalapeno Poppers, picturelink: null}, 26560: {instructions: Mix the lemon juice, tequila, triple sec, honey and diced jalapeno in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake until very cold. Rub the lime slice around the rim of a glass and dip in salt to form a salt rim. Strain the drink into the glass., ingredients: [2 ounces freshsqueezed Meyer lemon juice, 1 ounce your favorite tequila, 1 ounce triple sec, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 jalapeno, seeds removed, finely diced, Ice, 1 slice fresh lime, for garnish, 1 teaspoon salt, for rim], title: Meyer Lemon Spicy Margarita, picturelink: null}, 26561: {instructions: Slice lemons 18inch thick. Layer half the lemons slices and shallots in a pan. Sprinkle with 14 cup of salt. Repeat layering process with remaining ingredients. Cover the pan with plastic wrap making sure the plastic touches the top layer of lemons. Leave the pan overnight or up to 48 hours. Rinse the lemon slices and use as you would preserved lemons., ingredients: [5 organic lemons, 2 shallots minced, 12 cup salt], title: Lemon Confit, picturelink: null}, 26562: {instructions: Fry 1 sliced red onion and 1 can chickpeas in 13 cup olive oil until browned. Add 4 shaved carrots use a peeler, 2 smashed garlic cloves and a handful of pine nuts cook until the nuts are toasted. Drizzle with white wine vinegar add parsley and salt and pepper to taste.nPer serving: Calories: 323 Total Fat: 24 grams Saturated Fat: 3 grams Protein: 7 grams Total carbohydrates: 23 grams Sugar: 7 grams Fiber: 6 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 443 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Carrots with Chickpeas and Pine Nuts, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 26563: {instructions: In a bowl combine the masa harina and salt slowly adding the water until the dough can be rolled into a ball. Knead the dough on a floured surface for 5 minutes or until smooth. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and allow to rest for 1 hour.nSeparate the dough into 24 equal pieces rolling them into little balls. Using a rolling pin roll out the dough so that it is about 12inch thick. Place a cocktail frank on the edge of the dough and roll up tucking the ends underneath the frank. Repeat the process until youve used up all of the dough and franks.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place franks on a sheet pan and bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown.nServe with a side of spicy mustard.nCooks note: Masa harina is found in the Latin food section of your grocery store. The cocktail franks can be frozen for up to 3 months., ingredients: [2 cups masa harina, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup warm water, 24 beef cocktail franks], title: Beef Cocktail Franks Enrobed in Masa Harina, picturelink: null}, 26564: {instructions: Pour 1 cup 250ml hot water into a large, deep nonreactive pan, bucket or cooler. Add the molasses and salt and stir until the salt is fully dissolved. Add the peppercorns, lemons, onions, garlic and rosemary. Place the turkey drumsticks in the brine and cover with 8 cups cold water 2 liters. Refrigerate for at least 6 hours or overnight.nRemove the turkey from the brine and dry thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper.nPrepare a charcoal or gas grill for indirect cooking. If you are using a charcoal grill, place 10 to 12 charcoal briquettes on only one side of the grill. Heat to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C.nPlace the turkey drumsticks on the grill on the opposite side of the charcoal. Brush with melted butter and close the lid. Cook, turning the drumsticks and basting with butter every 30 minutes, until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thighs registers 160 degrees F 75 degrees C, about 2 hours.nBefore serving, brush the drumsticks with pureed chipotles., ingredients: [1 cup250ml molasses, 1 cup250ml salt, 1 tablespoon15ml black peppercorns, 2 lemons, sliced, 2 onions, quartered, 1 head garlic, cloves separated and smashed, 1 large bunch fresh rosemary, 8 turkey drumsticks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Melted butter, Canned chipotles in adobo sauce, pureed, for brushing], title: BBQ Turkey Drumsticks with Chipotle Glaze, picturelink: null}, 26565: {instructions: For the provencal sauce: In a large saucepot, heat the grapeseed oil over mediumlow heat. Add the tomatoes, garlic and onions and sweat until slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Deglaze with the white wine and simmer briefly. Add the chicken stock, tomato juice and tomato paste and cook an additional 3 minutes. Season with a pinch of kosher salt and black pepper. Reduce the heat to a low simmer and cook until the sauce slightly thickens.nFor the frog legs: Mix together the flour, 2 tablespoons salt and 1 tablespoon pepper in a shallow bowl. Toss the legs in the seasoned flour and coat completely.nHeat a saute pan over medium heat until hot. Add the grapeseed oil to the pan and saute the frog legs until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the legs to the sauce and braise until the legs are cooked through and the sauce is slightly thickened, 4 to 5 minutes. Swirl in the butter, chopped parsley and lemon juice.nPlace some steamed rice in the center of each plate. Spoon some frog legs and sauce over the rice. Add additional parsley and lemon wedges for garnish if desired., ingredients: [5 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 quart fresh tomatoes, seeded, medium dice, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large onion, medium dice, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup tomato juice, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 frog legs, 5 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, plus more for garnish, optional, Juice of 1 large lemon, Steamed rice, for serving, Lemon wedges, for garnish, optional], title: Frog Legs Provencal, picturelink: null}, 26566: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the crabmeat, onion, celery, mayonnaise, parsley, crab boil seasoning, pepper, and salt. Toss gently to keep the crabmeat in lumps. Use the mayonnaise to moisten the crab mixture, adding more according to your preference.nIn an 8inch nonstick pan, melt 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat until foaming. Add 14 of the crab mix to the pan and cook gently until the celery and onions are crisp but tender, approximately 10 minutes. While the crab mix is heating, in a separate large bowl, whip the eggs with a wire whisk until smooth. When the crab mix is hot, add 14 of the whipped eggs, about 1 cup.nCook the omelet until the edges begin to curl. Gently pull the edges toward the center, allowing the eggs to cook through. Once the eggs have become firm, flip the omelet and cook until the other side is done, about 5 minutes. Flip the omelet out of the pan onto a dish and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups lump crabmeat, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 12 cups chopped celery, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch salt, 16 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Fruita De Mar Omelet, picturelink: UKjfJ6cbitevF6TVN2gSIGqYuCKBgxS}, 26567: {instructions: Set the pizza stone into a cold oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees. In a small sauce pan set over a low flame, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute before adding the tomatoes. Season the tomatoes with the salt, pepper and oregano and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes. Working on a lightly floured surface, pat one of the pizza dough balls into a flat round shape, working from the center outward. While forming the shape of a pizza crust, work with the tips of the fingers and form a 12inch thick edge. Continue to work outward trying to achieve as even a thickness as possible. When the pizza dough is formed into shape transfer the dough to the peel and drizzle 1 tablespoon of olive oil over the surface. Sprinkle half the Parmesan cheese evenly over the oiled pizza dough and spoon 3 tablespoons of sauce over the surface. Evenly spread half of the mozzarella over the tomato and finish building your pizza with a few basil leaves roughly torn by hand. Place the pizza onto the pizza stone in the oven by sliding the pizza off of the peel and onto the hot stone. Repeat the process for the second pizza. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until the surface is bubbling and the bottom of the crust is well browned.nIn a bowl, combine the flour and salt, and mix thoroughly. In a separate stainless steel bowl, combine the water and yeast, and using a whisk, add 2 tablespoons of oil. Let rest for 5 minutes. Pour the water into the center of the flour, and with a spatula, stir to combine well into a sticky mass. Pour this mass out onto a lightly floured surface and begin to knead the dough by working the dough with the heel of the palm of your hand. Push outward and pull the inside edge over the top. Repeating the process over again to create a smooth ball of dough free of stickiness. Place the ball of dough into a clean stainless steel bowl that has been brushed with the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Cover with a clean cloth and let rise at room temperature for 1 12 hours or until it has doubled in size. When the dough has risen it can be divided in half and the two pieces formed into two balls which will later be patted into the traditional pizza shape. Yield: 2 12inch pizza crusts, ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 cups canned plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, seeds removed, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon dry oregano, 2 12inch pizza crusts recipe follows, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, 12 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 8 basil leaves, Ceramic pizza stone, Pizza peel, 3 14 cups unbleached flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 cup warm water, 1 envelope active dry yeast, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Pizza with Tomato, Mozzarella and Basil, picturelink: null}, 26568: {instructions: Place 10 garlic cloves in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook 3 minutes, then drain. Return the garlic to the saucepan and cover with fresh water. Bring to a simmer and cook 3 more minutes, then drain again.nMince the remaining 2 garlic cloves sprinkle with salt. Use the flat side of a chefs knife to mash the garlic and salt into a smooth paste. For a stronger aioli, cook 8 cloves in step 1 and mash 4 into a paste.nCombine the cooked garlic and garlic paste in a food processor. Add the egg yolks and 3 tablespoons warm water pulse to blend, scraping down the sides as needed. With the motor running, add the olive oil in a steady stream and blend until thick. Transfer to a bowl cover and refrigerate 1 to 4 hours.nRemove the aioli from the refrigerator about 15 minutes before serving. Whisk in up to 4 tablespoons water to thin it, if desired. Season with salt. Serve with the roasted vegetables.nChoose several vegetables and make a foil packet for each: Pile the vegetables on foil, sprinkle with salt and drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 2 tablespoons water. Seal into a packet, put on a baking sheet and roast at 450 degrees F until tender. Keep sealed until ready to serve.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [12 cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 2 large pasteurized egg yolks, 1 12 cups light extravirgin olive oil or equal parts extravirgin olive oil and grapeseed oil], title: Aioli With Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 26569: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a pot over medium heat add the olive oil, onions, jalapenos and a sprinkle of salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring, until the onions are translucent and tender, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic, paprika, thyme, and oregano, then stir well and cook until fragrant. Add the ketchup, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar and vinegar. Raise the heat to medium high and simmer, while rapidly stirring, until everything is blended and smooth. Lower the heat to a simmer and add the chopped chicken. Stir to coat all the chicken, then remove from the heat and let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, roll out the dough according to package directions and fit it onto a rectangular nonstick baking sheet. Put the crust in the oven and bake for 7 minutes.nRemove the crust from the oven and leaving a 1inch border pour the BBQ chicken and sauce evenly over the crust. Top with the cheddar, parmesan and mozzarella, in that order. Put the topped pizza in the oven and bake until the mozzarella cheese is bubbly and the edges of the crust are golden brown, anywhere from 6 to 11 minutes. Remove the pizza from the oven to a cutting board and allow to cool for a few minutes before cutting and serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Vidalia onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon Hungarian or hot paprika, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 23 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 rotisserie chicken, skin discarded, meat removed and chopped, 1 13.8ounce package premade pizza crust recommended: Pillsbury Pizza Crust Thin Crust, 12 cup shredded cheddar, 14 cup shredded parmesan, 8 ounces buffalo mozzarella, torn into 1 to 2inch pieces], title: Sunnys Easy BBQ Chicken Pizza, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 26570: {instructions: Ginger Sauce:nIn a saucepan, simmer the white wine and fresh ginger over medium heat until the reduction is almost dry. Add claim juice, clam base and cream. Bring to a boil.nIn a separate saucepan, make roux by melting the butter, then slowly adding the flour until the mixture is almost golden brown. Do not burn. Slowly stir the ginger cream sauce into the roux. Strain the hot mixture into a bowl.nBurgundy Sauce:nIn a saucepan, simmer the burgundy wine, black peppercorns, shallots and garlic over medium heat until the reduction is almost dry. Add tomato puree and beef stock, bringing to a boil.nIn a separate saucepan, make roux by melting the butter, then slowly adding the flour until the mixture is almost golden brown. Do not burn. Slowly stir the burgundy sauce into the roux. Strain the hot mixture into a bowl.nOnaga:nBrush the fish with olive oil. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Grill over mediumhot fire for 4 minutes on each side until opaque throughout.nNew York Steak:nRemove all excess fat from the steak. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground pepper. Grill over mediumhot fire to desired doneness.nOn a hot plate, spoon the Garlic Mashed Sweet Potatoes onto the center of the plate. Pool burgundy sauce and ginger sauce on the plate on opposite sides. Place the New York Steak and Onaga partially upon the sweet potatoes and on their respective sauces. Dribble additional burgundy sauce on the steak and ginger sauce on the Onaga. Place steamed fresh vegetables on the side and garnish the plate with julienned fried ginger or paper thinly cut fried onion rings.nIn a large pot bring 12inch of water to a boil. Place vegetables into a steamer basket and cover for 5 to 6 minutes or until you reach desired tenderness. Lightly toss in melted butter and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste.nPeel, slice and steam the Okinawan sweet potatoes until tender. Remove to bowl. Mash the roasted garlic. Add desired amount of heavy cream and butter to the potatoes and mash. Add mashed roasted garlic and stir. Season, to taste., ingredients: [1 cup dry white wine, 1ounce grated or chopped fresh ginger, 2 cups clam juice, 1 tablespoon clam base, optional, 2 cups cream, 8 ounces butter, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups burgundy wine, 8 whole black peppercorns, crushed, 2 cloves shallot, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato puree, 2 cups beef stock, 8 ounces butter, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 4ounce fresh onaga, skin on substitute pink snapper, opakapaka, 12 cup olive oil, Salt, freshly ground pepper, 4 4ounce premium New York Steaks, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Baby Fresh Vegetables, recipe follows, Garlic Mashed Sweet Potatoes, recipe follows, Julienned fried ginger or paper thin fried onion rings, for garnish, 12 pound assorted baby fresh vegetables, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 6 medium Okinawan sweet potatoes purple, 1 whole garlic bulb, roasted to a golden brown, 14 to 12 cup heavy cream, 2 to 4 tablespoons butter], title: La Mariana Surf and Turf Combo, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 26571: {instructions: Special equipment: a fullsize 18by26by1inch sheet pan a piping bag fitted with a star tip a 2inch round cutter small, rectangular candy moldsnFor the cream: In a blender, puree the cranberries until completely smooth. Place the cream in a pot and bring to a light boil. Add the cranberry puree, then pour the hot cream mixture over the chocolate and mix until smooth. Strain through a fine mesh sieve and rest overnight in the refrigerator.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the Parisian cream until soft peaks form. Transfer the cream to a piping bag fitted with a star tip.nFor the apples: Heat the granulated sugar in a pan with the vanilla seeds until caramelized and light amber. Add the brown sugar and cook until it all melts. Deglaze the pan with the butter. Add the apples and cook for 3 minutes. Add the brandy and cinnamon, and marinate overnight in the refrigerator.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Whisk the eggs, almond flour, and confectioners sugar together. Fold in the cake flour and butter. Whip the egg whites, granulated sugar and egg white powder to form soft peaks. Fold the egg whites into the batter. Pour the batter into a fullsize sheet pan and bake until light brown, about 7 minutes.nCool the cake and then cut out rounds with a 2inch round cutter, about 72 total rounds.nFor the gelee: Soak the gelatin in cold water until completely soft, about 5 minutes. In a small saucepot, warm the apple cider and granulated sugar until a candy thermometer inserted in the mixture reads 110 degrees F. Add the gelatin and remove from the heat. Mix it all together and pour into small, rectangular candy molds, then chill in the refrigerator until firm, 20 minutes.nFor the foam: Puree the apples in a food processor and set aside. In a small saucepot set over mediumhigh heat, bring the heavy cream to a boil. In a small mixing bowl, add the egg yolks and granulated sugar, and mix together. When the heavy cream comes to a boil, immediately remove from the heat and pour half into the yolk mixture. Whisk the egg yolk mixture and return the saucepot to the stovetop. Bring the cream back to a boil and whisk in the tempered yolk mixture. Cook until the mixture starts to thicken, then remove from the heat. Pour the mixture into a small mixing bowl and add the pureed apples and the apple compound. Refrigerate until completely cool, 20 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender to make the foam.nTo assemble, pipe a layer of Parisian cream on a cake round, then top with another piece of cake and another layer of cream. Finish with a final layer of cake and top with some caramelized apples. Repeat for the remaining pieces of cake and cream. Serve each with a piece of gelee and some foam., ingredients: [8 ounces frozen cranberries, 6 cups heavy cream, 3 cups white chocolate chips, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 4 cups cubed Granny Smith apples, 1 tablespoon brandy, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 23 ounces whole eggs, 17 ounces almond flour, 17 ounces confectioners sugar, 5 ounces cake flour, sifted, 4 ounces melted butter, cooled, 16 ounces egg whites, 3 ounces granulated sugar, 1 ounce egg white powder, 12 ounce gelatin sheets, 26 ounces apple cider, 8 ounces granulated sugar, 3 Fuji apples, peeled and cored, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup egg yolks, 14 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons apple compound], title: CinnamonSpiced Jaconde Biscuit, picturelink: XzPWHGG6FzBbSmwGMpD95JPNlLdXCq}, 26572: {instructions: Spread the meat out on a board and grate 2 to 3 tablespoons of onion into itu00bfuse a fairly fine grater so you get just the juice and very finely grated raw onion. Now mix in about a tablespoon of heavy cream and some freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Form into pattiesu00bfa 6 to 8ounce patty for an average serving.nUsing a black iron skillet or your best copper one or your pet aluminum frying pan, Tefloncoated or not with a Teflon coating you wont need much fat, just a little bit for flavor, and cook the hamburgers in the butter and oil over fairly high heat, giving it 4 to 5 minutes a side, depending on how well done you like it. Salt this creamy, oniony, peppery hamburger before serving it on a buttered bun or English muffin, or as a main course with sliced tomatoes and onions or some homefried potatoes., ingredients: [2 pounds chopped beef chuck or round, 1 onion, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, Freshly ground black pepper, Unsalted butter, Vegetable oil, as needed, Kosher salt, to taste], title: James Beards Favorite Hamburger, picturelink: null}, 26573: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel the stalk of the broccoli, remove the florets and cut into 1inch pieces. Cut the stalk in half crosswise and then slice each half into 18inch thick slices lengthwise. Place the stalk pieces in the bottom of a 2 12 to 3quart saucepan, add the water and salt. Lay the florets on top. Cover, place over high heat and cook for 3 minutes. Decrease the heat to low and cook for an additional 3 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the butter and stir to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 to 1 12 pounds broccoli with stalk, rinsed and trimmed, 13 cup water, Pinch kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Pan Steamed Broccoli, picturelink: .4ViGkK5sRkKpT7JNnUtJ42Oct3acju}, 26574: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place squash rings in a plastic bag with olive oil, salt and pepper. Shake until well coated. Place on a baking sheet in a single layer. Cook, turning once until squash is softened and almost cooked through, about 25 minutes. About halfway through cooking, add the asparagus and continue roasting until all are tender., ingredients: [2 1 2 pounds acorn and butternut squash whatever kinds of squash are available, seeded and cut into 12inch rings, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper, 1 bunch asparagus, cleaned], title: Roasted Squash and Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 26575: {instructions: Special equipment: a wellseasoned 10inch castiron skilletnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTopping:nCut pineapple crosswise into 38inchthick pieces. Melt butter in skillet. Add brown sugar and simmer over moderate heat, stirring, 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Arrange pineapple on top of sugar mixture in concentric circles, overlapping pieces slightly.nBatter:nSift together flour, cardamom, baking powder, and salt. Beat butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, then gradually beat in granulated sugar. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla and rum. Add 12 of the flour mixture and beat on low speed just until blended. Beat in pineapple juice, then add remaining flour mixture, beating just until blended. Batter may appear slightly curdled.nSpoon batter over pineapple topping and spread evenly. Bake cake in middle of oven until golden and a tester comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Let cake stand in skillet 5 minutes. Invert a plate over skillet and invert cake onto plate keeping plate and skillet firmly pressed together. Replace any pineapple stuck to bottom of skillet. Sprinkle rum over cake and cool on plate on a rack.nServe cake just warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 medium pineapple, peeled, quartered lengthwise, and cored, 34 stick unsalted butter, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, For batter:, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 to 3 teaspoons ground cardamom, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 12 cup unsweetened pineapple juice, 2 tablespoons dark rum, for sprinkling over cake], title: Pineapple UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: null}, 26576: {instructions: For the tom toms: In a small mixing bowl, whisk the eggs, parsley, garlic and oregano until blended. Next, in a separate mixing bowl, blend lightly by hand the beef, pork and veal, ensuring not to overwork or over blend. Then add the herbed eggs to the blended meats, again mixing by hand, and then finish with the panko. Mix for a final time to bind the meats and eggs, then hold in the refrigerator for 20 to 30 minutes, or until usage.nFor the Parmesan cream: In a saucepan over medium heat, add the cream and chicken base, simmering until slightly thickened, 10 to 15 minutes. Once thickened and reduced, add the cheese and parsley, reduce the heat and cook for a final 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and hold warm.nAfter resting the tom tom meat, portion into 1inch round balls, then hold cold until cooking.nIn a 3quart saucepan over high heat, bring the oil to 350 degrees F, then reduce the heat to mediumhigh. Fry the toms toms 10 to 12 at a time until the interior temperature reaches 160 degrees F, 3 to 4 minutes. Repeat the process until all the tom toms are cooked. Once cooked, add the tom toms to a large mixing bowl and blend with the cream sauce, tossing to coat. Remove from the sauce and skewer each with a 6inch skewer to serve., ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced fresh oregano, 8 ounces ground beef, 8 ounces ground pork, 8 ounces ground veal, 2 tablespoons panko breadcrumbs, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon chicken base, 14 cup powdered Parmesan, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 4 cups vegetable oil, for frying], title: Meatball Tom Toms with Parmesan Cream, picturelink: 5s8FCvtGdQR7uqPQmmPdG25oWnsEnWW}, 26577: {instructions: On a griddle or saute pan, heat oil on medium high heat. Season steak and saute for 6 to 8 minutes flipping constantly. Add the onion the last minute of cooking into the same pan. Add lime juice and remove from the heat. Split the bread lengthwise and cut into 4 pieces. Coat bread pieces with mayonnaise on the top side. On the bottom side, layer tomatoes, lettuce, steak, onions, and shoestring potatoes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 6 ounce churrascos strip steaks, 1 Spanish onion, julienne, 1 lime, juice only, 1 large Cuban bread or wide baguette, sliced in half, 2 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 beefsteak tomato, sliced thinly, 2 cups iceberg lettuce, julienne, 1 cup canned shoestring potatoes], title: Pan con Bistic: Steak Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 26578: {instructions: To make the salsa: Cut the red peppers into a medium dice and mix in a bowl with the garlic, salt, and oregano. Stir in the olive oil. Taste and add more salt if necessary. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to meld the flavors.nTo make the nachos: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the pita chips in a single layer on a baking sheet or a large heatproof platter. Sprinkle both cheeses evenly over the chips. Scatter the pepperoncini over the cheese. Bake just until the cheese is melted, about 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and scatter olives and cherry tomato quarters over the top. Spoon some of the red pepper salsa on the nachos and dab on small dollops of Greek yogurt. Place the remaining salsa in a serving bowl. Serve the nachos right away with the remaining salsa on the side for dipping., ingredients: [12 cup strips of roasted red pepper from a jar or 1 large red pepper, roasted, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Pinch of kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh oregano leaves, 1 12 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 6ounce bags pita chips or 10 cups homemade chips, 2 cups shredded pepper jack cheese, 8 ounces 1 cup mild feta, crumbled, 12 cup thinly sliced pepperoncini, 12 cup green Greek olives, such as Mt. Athos, pitted and sliced, 14 cup kalamata olives, pitted and sliced, 12 cup quartered cherry tomatoes, 12 cup fatfree Greekstyle yogurt], title: GreekStyle Nachos, picturelink: gRTIGKsY.tA9BmNmESh4hG4JPOLZpn6}, 26579: {instructions: In a large skillet, warm the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook until golden. Add the garlic and ginger, and saute for another minute. Stir in the coriander, paprika, Garam Masala, cumin and cayenne, if using and cook for 1 minute.nAdd the beef, breaking up lumps with a spoon, and saute until the meat is no longer pink. Add the tomatoes, 1 cup of water and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle in the fresh English peas. Stir well and simmer, partially covered, about 10 minutes or if using frozen peas, add them now, and cook another 5 minutes, partially covered.nStir in the vinegar and chopped cilantro. Garnish with torn cilantro leaves and serve with warm chapatis or pita bread.nCombine the cinnamon sticks, cloves, green cardamom seeds, black cardamom seeds, if using, in a spice grinder or coffee grinder and grind until fine. Store the spice mix in an airtight container away from direct sunlight., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, One 1inch thumb fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon storebought or Homemade Garam Masala, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne, optional, 1 pound ground beef, 2 medium tomatoes, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shucked fresh English peas or 12 cup frozen peas, thawed, 2 teaspoons malt vinegar or apple cider vinegar, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus a few extra leaves for garnish, 4 chapatis or pitas, warmed, 3 large cinnamon sticks if you have the kind you get at Indian stores, its about 3 tablespoons of cinnamon bark bits, 3 tablespoons whole cloves, 14 cup green cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 2 tablespoons of seeds, 4 large black cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 1 tablespoon of seeds, optional], title: Kheema: Indian Ground Beef with Peas, picturelink: 07uWFqUw9HZF5NiYtaMLxU.ea2TJK}, 26580: {instructions: Squeeze half of the lemon over the shrimp and sprinkle them with a little salt. Mix together the remaining lemon juice, tomatoes, horseradish, Worcestershire, hot sauce, celery, vodka and pepper in a small pitcher. When ready to serve, pour the sauce into martini glasses. Hook the shrimp, 4 per glass, around edges. Make garnish wedges of lemons to hook on the edges of the glasses and serve.nTIP: Chill some martini glasses in your freezer the morning of your dinner club party to serve these cocktails., ingredients: [1 lemon, juiced, plus lemon wedges for garnish, 16 jumbo shrimp, cooked and cleaned, Salt, 1 28ounce can chunky style crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire, eyeball it, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, eyeball it, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 4 shots ice cold vodka, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Bloody Mary Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 26581: {instructions: Rub inside of fondue pot or heavy small saucepan with garlic. Pour cider into pot. Add 1 tablespoon of lemon juice, the brandy and salt and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Meanwhile, grate the cheese and toss well with the cornstarch in a large bowl. When the cider just begins to simmer, gradually add the cheese a handful at a time, allowing each addition to melt completely before adding the next. Continue adding cheese and stirring until all cheese is incorporated, about 3 minutes. If mixture starts to bubble, reduce heat to low. The mixture is ready when creamy and easily coats the back of a spoon. Stir in curry powder and pepper. If cheese seems stringy, add some or all of the remaining lemon juice. Move fondue pot to alcohol warmer, and keep stirring during service. A variety of breads, from pumpernickel to rye to bagel chunks can be skewered and dipped as can cauliflower, broccoli, mushrooms and potatoes. Soften all vegetables by blanching briefly in boiling water then chilling. Crisp fruits such as apples make great fondue fodder, as do cooked meats and sausages. Even soft pretzels make for good dipping. If any fondue is left over, cover with ice water and refrigerate, pour off water and reheat over low heat., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, halved, 1 12ounce bottle hard apple cider, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon brandy, Pinch kosher salt, 5 ounces 2 cups Gruyere, grated, 5 ounces 2 cups Smoked Gouda, rind removed, grated, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 14 teaspoon curry powder, Several grinds fresh ground black pepper], title: Fondue Vudu, picturelink: null}, 26582: {instructions: Selection of melon wedges, such as cantaloupe and honey dew Commercially prepared fruit rollups lemon and orange flavors Shoestring licoricenArrange melon wedge in a fruit roll up. Roll it into a cone or cylinder shape. Tie with shoestring licorice., ingredients: [], title: Melon Fruit Wrap, picturelink: null}, 26583: {instructions: In a large bowl whisk together mustard and vinegar. Whisk in the olive oil. Stir in the basil and season with salt and pepper. Stir in chopped chicken, tomatoes, bacon and arugula and mix to combine. Assemble chicken salad on thick slices of Tuscan or Italian bread., ingredients: [1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoons balsamic or red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, Salt and pepper, 1 cup chopped cooked chicken, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 4 slices bacon, cooked and drained, 1 cup of washed arugula leaves, coarsely chopped, 4 thick slices Italian bread, Tuscan rounds], title: Italian Blt Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 26584: {instructions: For the crumb crust: Butter a 9inch pyrex pie pan. Set a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees.nPlace nuts in bowl of food processor fitted with metal blade. Pulse 10 or 12 times at 1second intervals to finely grind without reducing to a paste. Remove cover and scrape inside of work bowl with a spatula.nAdd remaining ingredients except butter and pulse once or twice to combine.nAdd butter and pulse 3 or 4 times, until mixture is evenly moistened and looks crumbly. Remove blade and turn mixture out into prepared pan.nUsing your fingertips, distribute the crumb mixture evenly over the bottom and sides of the pan, gently pressing into place. Make sure that the crumb coating is even because thin spots will burn during baking.nUse the back of a spoon to smooth the surface of the crust and to make the rim of the crust straight and even.nBake the crust for about 20 minutes, or until the surface of the crust is a deep golden brown. Watch carefully, because the high sugar content makes them burn easily. Cool on rack.nTo make the filling: Combine 2 cups milk, sugar and salt in a nonreactive saucepan whisk once to mix and bring to a boil over low heat. Place remaining 12 cup milk in a mixing bowl and whisk in cornstarch, then eggs. Return milk and sugar mixture to a boil over low heat then whisk about a third of it into the egg mixture. Return milk and sugar mixture to a boil once more and whisk in the egg mixture, whisking constantly until the filling thickens and comes to a boil. Allow to boil, whisking constantly, for about 30 seconds. Remove from heat, whisk in butter and vanilla pour into a nonreactive bowl. Press plastic wrap against the surface of the filling and chill until it is approximately 75 degrees. Spread the cooled filling evenly in the cooled crust.nTo finish the pie, whip the cream with the sugar and vanilla until it holds a firm peak. Use a hand mixer on medium speed or a heavyduty mixer fitted with the whisk. Spread the cream over the filling, making sure it touches the edges of the crust all around., ingredients: [12 cup almonds or pecans, 1 cup allpurpose bleached flour, 13 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 12 cups milk, 23 cup light brown sugar, Pinch salt, 13 cup cornstarch, 3 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Butterscotch Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 26585: {instructions: Put the chickpeas in a small bowl and add the lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and the tahini, chile de arbol, turmeric and some salt and pepper. Toss well to coat. Set aside.nToss the cucumbers with the vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, the dill, and some salt and pepper. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, toss the beets with the parsley, cumin, 1 tablespoon olive oil and some salt and pepper. Set aside.nDivide the yogurt between two serving bowls let each diner top with the salads and some pistachios and fennel seeds., ingredients: [34 cup cooked chickpeas, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Olive oil, 1 tablespoon tahini paste, 18 teaspoon chile de arbol or cayenne powder, 18 teaspoon turmeric, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 Persian cucumber, grated, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 small beet, peeled and grated, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley, 18 teaspoon cumin, 2 cups Icelandicstyle yogurt, 1 tablespoon chopped toasted pistachios, 1 tablespoon roasted, salted fennel seeds], title: Savory Yogurt Bowl with Chickpeas, Cucumbers and Beets, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 26586: {instructions: In large pot, over low to medium heat, cook onions, garlic and ginger in 2 tablespoons of oil for about 10 minutes until onions are translucent.nMeanwhile toast cumin and coriander seeds in saute pan over medium heat for about 3 minutes. Let cool. Add chiles and tomatoes to pot. In spice grinder, grind cumin and coriander seeds with white peppercorns. Add to pot along with turmeric. Stir for about 2 minutes then add sherry and cook until most of the wine has evaporated. Add vegetable broth and coconut milk. If possible, blend with stick immersion blender or allow to cool slightly and blend in standard blender in small batches. Strain through sieve with medium holes, not mesh. Return to pot and whisk in peanut butter. Add vegetables and cook until vegetables are soft to bite, but not mushy. Taste, and salt, as necessary., ingredients: [2 cups white onions, diced small, 14 cup fresh garlic, peeled and chopped, 14 cup fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, 3 teaspoons cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 3 small red hot chiles bird, chopped, 2 cups peeled, seeded and chopped plum tomatoes, 1 teaspoon whole white peppercorns, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 12 cups dry sherry, 2 quarts vegetable broth, 1 12 cups coconut milk about 1 12ounce can, 1 cup smooth natural peanut butter, 2 cups peeled and medium diced turnips, 2 cups peeled and medium diced carrots, 2 cups peeled and medium diced sweet potatoes yellow if possible, Salt], title: Peanut and Vegetable Soup, picturelink: null}, 26587: {instructions: In a large heavy skillet, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, shallots, basil leaves, and pepper flakes, partially cover, and cook over low heat for 1 to 2 minutes. Uncover, stir in the plums, peaches, and tomatoes, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes until they start to soften. Add the sugar and cook until melted. Stir in the vinegar and cook on low heat until the fruits are completely soft, stirring occasionally. Transfer the mixture to a food processor or the jar of an electric blender and puree until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Pour into a bowl and set aside.nLightly brush the salmon with olive oil. Season it with salt and pepper. Heat the remaining oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the salmon and pan roast it until lightly browned, about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn and cook the second side for the same amount of time for mediumrare, or 5 minutes for medium. Remove and serve each fillet with a generous spoonful of fruit salsa drizzled on top. Pass the remaining salsa at the table., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 14 cup lightly packed fresh basil leaves, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 34 pound fresh ripe peaches, blanched, peeled, pitted, and diced, 12 pound ripe tomatoes, blanched, peeled, seeded, and diced, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup cider vinegar, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 6 to 7ounce salmon fillets, patted dry with paper towels, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Panroasted Salmon with Black Plum, Peach, and Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 26588: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nRoast potatoes: Toss potatoes with garlic, 2 tablespoons oil, and salt and pepper, to taste.nArrange wedges in 1 layer in an oiled shallow baking pan. Roast in upper third of oven 15 minutes, then turn over. Roast until golden and cooked through, about 5 minutes more.nTo make the salad: Whisk together shallot, vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper, to taste. Add remaining oil in a slow stream, whisking until emulsified. Toss together greens, potatoes, tomatoes, 3 tablespoons of ParmigianoReggiano, and enough vinaigrette to coat.nSprinkle remaining ParmigianoReggiano over salad and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small boiling potatoes, cut into wedges, 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or redwine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 pound mixed greens such as frisee French curly endive, mizuna, baby spinach, and mesclun, coarse stems discarded, 3 tomatoes, halved horizontally, seeded, and cut into thin wedges, 14 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Frisee and RoastedPotato Salad, picturelink: null}, 26589: {instructions: Line a 2 pound loaf pan with bacon, overlapping the entire area. Put chicken in a chilled food processor and blend until minced. Add pork, shallots and garlic and pulse until mixed. Season with salt and pepper and fold in parsley and truffles. Mix in eggs by hand until incorporated. Chill mixture for 1 hour and preheat oven to 325 degrees. Place mixture in loaf pan and place in water bath going half way up loaf pan. Bake for 45 minutes or until firm. Allow to chill before removing from pan. Slice 14inch thick and serve with 1 tablespoon of grain mustard., ingredients: [8 ounces thinly sliced bacon, 1 pound skinless chicken breast, 8 ounces minced pork, 3 shallots minced, 1 clove garlic minced, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley, 6 ounces sliced truffles, 10 tablespoons grain mustard], title: Chicken and Truffle Terrine, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 26590: {instructions: In a small saucepan, mix the sugar and spring water and start mixing with a spoon until the sugar dissolves. Then add the milk, cream nectar flavor, vanilla and pink food coloring and stir again. Shave 1 bowl of ice, then pour syrup over. Make sure you pour syrup between each layer., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup bottled spring water, 12 cup whole milk, 12 ounce cream nectar flavor, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 12 teaspoon pink food coloring], title: Cream of Nectar SnoBall, picturelink: GL4kdAwlaxSDB0w2VB673zW4PmNsvuS}, 26591: {instructions: Warm the milk to 110 degrees F and pour into a mixing bowl. Dissolve the yeast in the milk in a mixing bowl. Add in the flour and the sugar and mix. Let sit until the mixture sponge begins to bubble, about 6 to 8 minutes.nAdd in the flour, salt, cold water, and olive oil to the sponge mixture. Blend until a dough is formed. When mixed well, the dough will begin to pull away from the bowl. Knead lightly until a large ball is formed. Cover with a towel and let sit. When the dough has risen about 30 to 45 minutes, punch down, and begin to roll into 6ounce pieces for folded pizzas and 4ounce pieces for open flat bread.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan, melt the butter and brown lightly on medium high heat. Add in the onions, turn the heat to medium and slowly caramelize the onions. When brown, set aside to cool.nRoll out a 6ounce piece of dough into a long rectangular shape. Place on a large pizza peel or baking sheet that has been sprinkled with semolina. Brush the dough with olive oil and poke it several times with a fork to keep it from bubbling up. Spread the caramelized onions evenly over the dough and sprinkle with the feta and thyme.nPlace the pizza in the oven and turn heat down to 400 degrees and bake for 25 minutes or until the top is golden brown. Cut into 8 pieces and serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 ounces fresh yeast, 1 cup milk, 12 cup flour, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 pounds allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cold water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Semolina, for sprinkling peel, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 large yellow onions, sliced into half moons, 1 cup feta, crumbled, 1 tablespoon thyme, chopped, Olive oil, for brushing the top of the dough], title: Pizza Skopelitti alla Romano, picturelink: null}, 26592: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn medium saute pan, add 2 ounces olive oil, onions, peppers and saute until translucent. Add turkey and brown on all sides. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a separate pan, add 2 ounces of oil, and fry potatoes in oil until crispy. On a serving plate layer the turkey mixture on top of the crispy potatoes.nTop with diced roma tomatoes and fresh squeezed lime juice., ingredients: [4 ounces olive oil, 2 red onions, diced, 1 red bell pepper, julienne, 1 green bell pepper, julienne, 2 jalapenos, diced, and seeded, 2 pounds ground turkey breast, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds red potatoes, sliced thin, 12 cup Roma tomatoes, diced, 12 lime], title: Turkey Hash, picturelink: yNkfAMyIxg1Nh1PcxzMOq3tpcefwHbu}, 26593: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. Heat olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium high heat. When hot, sear fish skin side down. Saute for a couple of minutes, add some whole butter to pan and place in 500 degrees oven to finish, dont turn fish onto flesh side. This process should take 5 to 8 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fillets. Make sure the pan is oven proof, if not transfer fish to a baking sheet. For the asparagus, break them near the bottom at the natural breaking point. Add to heavily salted boiling water and cook until tender, drain and finish in a saute pan with whole butter. For the beurre blanc, place the shallots and white wine in saucepan and sweat the shallots. Add the butter a little at a time whisking constantly. When all of the butter is incorporated, whisk in the heavy cream. Finish with sweet port. Place the black bass in the middle of the plate, mound the asparagus on top of the fish, nap with beurre blanc, and garnish with chervil and chives., ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 4 fillets of black bass, skin on, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 bunches asparagus, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 14 cup white wine, 12 pound unsalted butter, cold and cubed, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 12 cup Tio Pepe Sweet Port, Chervil leaves for garnish, 1 tablespoon chopped chives for garnish], title: Sauteed Black Sea Bass with Port Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 26594: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nBrush the tenderloins with the olive oil and then roll in the crushed peppercorns. Place the meat on a roasting pan and roast for 20 to 25 minutes. Let rest for at least 5 minutes before thinly slicing.nServe with dinner rolls, grainy mustard and horseradish sauce., ingredients: [2 whole beef tenderloins, trimmed trimmed weight 2 12 to 3 12 pounds, 14 cup olive oil, 1 cup crushed tricolored peppercorns, Dinner rolls, for serving, Grainy brown mustard, for serving, Horseradish sauce, for serving], title: Tenderloin Sandwiches, picturelink: 9gI2x8rsHoIZyzF6QSI9QibHIvOt2.}, 26595: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the diced salmon with the ginger, scallions, salt, pepper and egg in a mixing bowl and mix well. Form the salmon into 4 equal patties, and coat the tops and bottoms with the crushed breadcrumbs. Lightly oil a grill or griddle over medium heat. You will want to cook a small portion of the mixture to test for seasoning and then adjust with salt and pepper, as needed. Cook the patties, about 2 minutes per side. Slather 1 ounce of the Curry Mayo Sauce on the bottom bun, and top with the salmon burger, Asian Slaw and top bun and serve. This recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and makes a large quantity. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nCombine the mayonnaise, curry paste, salt, cayenne and lime juice in a mixing bowl and mix well. Taste for acid and seasoning, and adjust with more salt and lime juice, if needed.nCooks Note: Ponzu sauce is a Japanese citrusbased sauce. It can be found in the ethnic ingredients aisle at your local supermarket, in Japanese specialty stores or online. It is best to make the slaw ahead of time and let sit for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to really blend together. Combine the rice wine vinegar, ponzu, sugar, salt, pepper, lime juice, cucumbers, peppers and cabbages in a large mixing bowl and mix well. Taste for acid and seasoning and adjust with lime and salt, if needed., ingredients: [1 pound salmon, skin and fat removed, cut in about 12inch dice, 3 tablespoons finely diced ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoon table grind pepper, 1 egg, beaten, 12 cup crushed panko breadcrumbs, Vegetable oil, for greasing, Curry Mayo Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, Hamburger buns, buttered and toasted, Asian Slaw, for serving, recipe follows, 4 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup Thai curry paste, 14 tablespoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Juice of 1 12 limes, 3 12 ounces rice wine vinegar, 3 ounces ponzu sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 tablespoon salt, Pinch black pepper, Juice of 3 limes, 2 seedless cucumbers, peeled, seeded and julienned, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 12 head green cabbage, shredded, 12 head red cabbage, shredded], title: Salmon Burgers with Curry Mayo and Asian Slaw, picturelink: Z1E730MdFvppbwyi6eFtYmmjogK8kje}, 26596: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, chile paste, ginger, garlic, scallions, and orange zest. Add the pork to the bowl and turn to coat with the marinade. Let the chops sit in the marinade for a few minutes.nCoat a large saute pan with oil and bring to a high heat. Remove the chops from the marinade, shaking off any excess. Reserve the marinade. Sear the chops 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Remove the pork from the pan.nDitch the excess oil from the pan. Place the saute pan on the hottest burner. Add the marinade to the panit should come to a boil instantly. WARNING: This liquid MUST be brought to a boil to kill any bacteria from the raw meat juices.nTurn off the heat. Place 2 chops on a plate, spoon a few drops of the marinade over top, and serve with Sugar Snap Peas and Spinach with Ginger.nBring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil over high heat. Set up a bowl of wellsalted ice water. Blanch the snap peas in the boiling water until they are cooked but still crunchy, and then immediately plunge them into the salted ice water. Remove them from the ice water and reserve.nCoat a large saute pan with oil. Add the ginger, garlic, and scallions and cook over mediumhigh heat until the scallions are soft and translucent.nAdd the sugar snap peas and toss to coat in the oil. Add the spinach and toss with the peas until the spinach starts to wilt. Remove from the heat, season with salt. Toss or stir the spinach to finish wilting and transfer to a serving bowl.nSnappy, ingredients: [14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Asian chile paste sambal olek, 2 teaspoons finely chopped ginger, 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 2 scallions, sliced, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 2 boneless pork loin chops, 34inch thick, Canola oil, Sugar Snap Peas and Spinach with Ginger, recipe follows, Kosher salt, Ice, 1 pound sugar snap peas, stem end and strings removed, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 1inch piece ginger, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 scallion, white and light green only, thinly sliced, 12 pound baby spinach, washed but not dried, stems removed], title: Asian Marinated Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: CiOuNZaye2iRUohK59y0WbEcWZPwIau}, 26597: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Place the chicken in a shallow dish just large enough to hold them. Whisk the oil, lemon zest, lemon juice and garlic in a small bowl until combined. Pour the oil mixture over the chicken and toss to coat. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and refrigerate, at least 4 hours and up to overnight.nPreheat a grill pan or an outdoor grill to mediumhigh heat. Remove the chicken from the oil mixture and pat dry. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and grill the chicken until golden brown and cooked through, about 12 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a plate to cool slightly. Thinly slice the chicken against the grain and set aside.nFor the dressing: Mix the sour cream, Parmesan, lemon juice, mustard, Worcestershire, anchovy, garlic and season with salt and pepper in a medium bowl.nFor the sandwich build: Place the sliced chicken, 12 cup sour cream Caesar dressing, tomatoes, romaine and Parmesan Croutons in a large bowl. Toss to coat evenly. Fill each tortilla with the chicken mixture.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Add the bread and Parmesan to a large bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Drizzle with the oil and mix well. Spread the mixture onto a baking sheet and bake until light golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [4 boneless skinless chicken breast halves about 8ounces each, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Zest of 1 lemon about 1 teaspoon, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice about 2 lemons, 2 cloves garlic, minced or grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup lowfat sour cream, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice about 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 anchovy, smeared with a fork to a paste, 12 clove garlic, minced or grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pint cherry tomatoes, quartered, 1 heart romaine lettuce, chopped into bitesize pieces, Parmesan Croutons, recipe follows, Four 12inch sundried tomato tortillas, toasted with a little oil, 12 French baguette dayold, crust removed and cut into 12inch cubes about 4 cups, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Grilled Chicken Caesar Wrap, picturelink: UkGPbmqrUsYgqfNfGxrR44Dyhraxj6y}, 26598: {instructions: In a medium bowl, lightly toss the crabmeat, celery, chives, and tarragon together.nIn a small bowl, stir together the mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice, and mustard. Add the dressing to the crabmeat mixture and stir until just coated. Season with salt and pepper to taste. If not using right away refrigerate until ready to serve.nServe on toasted rolls or on a bed of lettuce., ingredients: [1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over to remove any shell or cartilage, 1 stalk celery, peeled, and cut into 18inch dice, 4 teaspoons finely sliced fresh chives, 1 teaspoon minced fresh tarragon leaves, 13 cup prepared mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons sour cream, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Serving suggestions: Toasted hot dog rolls or Boston or Bibb lettuce leaves], title: Crab Salad, picturelink: null}, 26599: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nPlace milk in a saucepan and slowly sprinkle the cornmeal over it and whisk in. Cook on medium heat for 20 minutes, whisking occasionally to make sure its not burning or sticking on the bottom of the pan. Whisk in the molasses, salt, ginger or lemon, and butter and pour into an 8cup buttered casserole or pudding dish. Bake for 1 12 to 2 hours until set. Serve with cream, whipped or poured., ingredients: [4 cups milk, 13 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup molasses or 14 cup molasses plus 14 cup dark corn syrup, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon grated ginger or lemon rind, 1 tablespoon butter, Cream, as an accompaniment], title: Indian Pudding, picturelink: null}, 26600: {instructions: Begin heating the shortening or oil in a deepfryer or castiron skillet over medium heat.nIn a large bowl, stir together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, baking soda, coriander, chili powder, and cayenne. Stir in the grated onion. Stir in the buttermilk, eggs, and corn until combined. The mixture will have the consistency of wet sand.nHeat the oil until it registers 375 degrees F on a deepfat thermometer. You can also test the heat by sprinkling a bit of cornmeal on the hot oil to see if it bubbles. Scoop up rounded tablespoons of dough and carefully drop them into the fat in batches, if necessary. Fry on one side until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn and fry the other side until completely golden. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the cooked hushpuppies to several layers of paper towels to drain. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Vegetable shortening or cooking oil for deepfrying, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 34 tablespoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 onion, grated, 2 12 cups buttermilk, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup fresh or thawed frozen corn kernels], title: Hushpuppies, picturelink: null}, 26601: {instructions: Remove the crust from the Italian bread then cut the loaf into cubes. Place the bread cubes in a mixing bowl. In a small pan over medium heat, add the oil, minced garlic, and oregano. Cook for 2 minutes to infuse the flavors. Pour the oil over the bread cubes and toss. Season with salt and pepper. Spread the bread cubes in a single layer on a baking pan and bake for 10 minutes in a preheated 400degree F oven. The croutons should be crisp but not too hard to pierce with a fork.nIn a mini food processor, combine remaining garlic, anchovy, mustard, lemon, vinegar, Worcestershire, salt and pepper. Process for 30 seconds to make a paste. Add the olive oil and process again until combined. Combine the romaine and watercress in a large salad bowl. Grate the hard boiled egg into the bowl. Drizzle the dressing over the salad and toss to coat the leaves. Add the cheese, croutons, parsley and chicken, toss well. Season with salt and pepper, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 loaf Italian bread, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus 12 cup, 1 garlic clove, minced, plus 3 cloves peeled, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and pepper, 3 anchovy fillets, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 romaine lettuce hearts, cut in 2inch pieces, 2 bunches watercress, trimmed, 1 hard boiled egg, 1 cup shredded Pecorino Romano, 12 cup chopped parsley, 1 pound cooked grilled chicken, sliced in strips optional], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 26602: {instructions: In a large ovenproof pot with a tightfitting lid, melt butter over low heat. Add oil, garlic, and onion. Cook until softened and translucent, 5 to 10 minutes. Raise heat to medium high, and add mushrooms. Cook until soft, about 5 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd grains, and stir well, coating them with oil. Cook, stirring often, for about 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in stock, and bring to a boil. Cover pot, and put in oven. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes check after 30 minutes remove lid and cook a little longer if grains need to be softer. Fold in chopped herbs. Drizzle with Marsala wine. Season with salt and pepper, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 4 cups sliced white mushrooms, 4 cremini mushrooms, sliced, 2 cups pearl barley, 1 cup soft winter wheat berries, 12 cup millet, 1 cup wild rice, rinsed, 6 cups heated chicken stock, preferably homemade, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs, such as flatleaf parsley, thyme, oregano, chives, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons Marsala wine, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, for parchment paper], title: Mixed Grain Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 26603: {instructions: Peel the carrots and slice thinly. In a stockpot, heat the oil and saute the garlic, minced ginger, green onions and pepper flakes for 1 to 2 minutes or just until glossy. Do not allow to develop color. Add the carrots, salt, pepper, turmeric and honey. Saute for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the stock and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer and add the cream. Cook for 40 minutes or until carrots are tender.nTransfer to a blender add the butter and process to a puree. Strain soup into a new stockpot. If the soup is too thick, add extra stock. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt, pepper and honey. Keep warm.nPreheat oil to 300 degrees F.nDeepfry the ginger and drain on plate lined with paper towel.nTo serve: ladle 6 to 8 ounces of soup. Garnish with fried ginger. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound orange carrots, 1 pound yellow carrots, 1 pound white carrots, 14 cup peanut oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced green onion, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 1 tablespoon honey, or to taste, 8 cups vegetable stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces butter, Oil, for deepfrying, 12 cup julienne ginger], title: Chino Carrot and Ginger Soup, picturelink: null}, 26604: {instructions: Steam green beans in a steamer for 7 minutes. Place green beans and butter in saucepan and heat through. Season with salt, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, cleaned, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt, to taste], title: Steamed Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 26605: {instructions: In a bowl combine the powdered milk, 1 tablespoon of sugar, 12 teaspoon of salt, shortening, and hot water, stir until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Let cool. In a separate bowl combine the yeast and 18 teaspoon of sugar in 13 cup of warm water and rest until yeast has dissolved. Add this to the dry milk mixture. Add the sifted flour and beat thoroughly with wooden spoon. Cover the bowl and let it rest in a warm spot for 30 minutes.nPreheat the griddle to 300 degrees F.nAdd the remaining 12 teaspoon of salt to mixture and beat thoroughly. Place metal rings onto the griddle and coat lightly with vegetable spray. Using 20 ice cream scoop, place 2 scoops into each ring and cover with a pot lid or cookie sheet and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the lid and flip rings using tongs. Cover with the lid and cook for another 5 to 6 minutes or until golden brown. Place on a cooling rack, remove rings and cool. Split with fork and serve., ingredients: [12 cup nonfat powdered milk, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon shortening, 1 cup hot water, 1 envelope dry yeast, 18 teaspoon sugar, 13 cup warm water, 2 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, Nonstick vegetable spray], title: English Muffins, picturelink: null}, 26606: {instructions: Microwave the pizza dough on 50 percent power to soften, 1 to 2 minutes, then let rest 5 minutes. Grease a large plate with vegetable oil shape the dough into a 9inch round and place on the plate. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sesame seeds and 14 teaspoon salt.nToss the coleslaw mix, vinegar, chili oil, and salt to taste in a bowl. In another bowl, toss the roast beef, sesame oil, scallions and ginger.nHeat 3 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the dough seedside down and sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon sesame seeds. Cover and fry, shaking the pan occasionally, until the dough is golden, about 3 minutes per side, turning with tongs. Transfer to paper towels, season with salt and cool.nWipe out the skillet and place over high heat. Add the roast beef mixture and stirfry until crisp, 1 to 2 minutes. Slice the flatbread in half horizontally. Layer the beef, coleslaw mixture and cilantro on the bottom half. Cover with the top and cut into 4 wedges.nBing is a Chinese flatbread, often used to sandwich meat, eggs or fried dough for breakfast.nPer serving: Calories 561 Fat 27 g Saturated 5 g Cholesterol 27 mg Sodium 906 mg Carbohydrate 62 g Fiber 4 g Protein 22 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound refrigerated pizza dough fresh, not frozen, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for greasing, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, Kosher salt, 2 cups shredded coleslaw mix, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 14 to 12 teaspoon chili oil, 6 ounces delisliced roast beef, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon grated peeled ginger, 12 cup fresh cilantro], title: Sesame Beef Bing, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 26607: {instructions: Combine the arugula, fennel, chickpeas, tomatoes and dill in a large shallow bowl. Whisk together the lemon juice and olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss the salad with the dressing and top with the shaved cheese., ingredients: [12 ounces wild arugula, 1 medium head fennel, halved and thinly sliced, One 15ounce can chickpeas, drained, rinsed and drained again, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 14 cup fresh dill, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces thinly shaved ParmigianoReggiano], title: Wild Arugula and Chickpea Salad, picturelink: sKAht4H9ypsoWFHf9ZR..l..XlgmfO}, 26608: {instructions: Combine blueberries, confectioners sugar and cinnamon in a medium saucepan and set pan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer. Simmer for 5 minutes, until sauce thickens. Fill dessert bowls with frozen yogurt and top with blueberry sauce., ingredients: [1 10 ounces bag of frozen blueberries, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups vanilla frozen yogurt], title: Frozen Yogurt with CinnamonSpiked Blueberry Sauce, picturelink: qkkJk15NNtp34.3dDbNgdGJRjjzEF8e}, 26609: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil and boil the broccoli, over high heat, uncovered for a minute or until just cooked through. Drain, refresh under cold water and pat dry. Peel the shrimp cut through the indentation in the back, devein if the back looks dirty, halve then cut them crosswise into 1inch pieces. Lightly toast or grill your bread how many slices of bread you toast depends on the size of the bread. Center the grilled bread in the middle of two dinner plates.nHeat a large heavy skillet until hot. Swirl in the olive oil for 10 seconds to heat up. Add the bell peppers and saute, stirring continuously, for 1 minute or until they begin to get tender. Add the broccoli, shrimp and garlic and saute briskly, tossing continuously for a minute or until the shrimp are barely cooked. Add the white wine and cook until almost evaporated. Stir in the red pepper, season to taste with salt and remove from the heat. Stir in the parsley and spoon over the bruschetta., ingredients: [2 cups small individual broccoli florets, rinsed, 1 pound shrimp in their shells, 2 to 4 large thick slices of good quality Italian bread preferably not the baguette variety, 14 extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup finely julienned seeded red or yellow bell pepper, 1 small clove garlic, peeled and very thinly sliced, 2 to 4 tablespoons dry white wine, 14 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, Salt, 14 cup flat leaf parsley snipped with scissors], title: Shrimp Bruschetta for Two, picturelink: null}, 26610: {instructions: In a small saucepan add edamame to salted boiling water. Cook for 1 minute. Drain edamame and run under cold water to cool them slightly and add them to a food processor. Using a microplane grate the ginger and add to food processor along with wasabi powder, lemon juice, salt, sesame oil and scallions. Process until a chunky consistency forms.nWorking with 1 wonton wrapper at a time cover remaining wrappers with a damp towel to prevent drying, spoon about 1 teaspoon edamame mixture in center of each wrapper. Moisten edges of dough with water fold opposite corners to form a triangle, pinching points to seal. In a heat proof pan add about 2 inches oil and heat. When oil is hot add dumplings and fry until golden brown about 10 minutes. Fry off in batches making sure they dont touch in the oil so they wont stick. Remove with a slotted spoon or spider and place on paper towels to absorb the oil. Serve warm on a platter with soy sauce., ingredients: [1 cup shelled frozen edamame, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons wasabi powder, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for salting water, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, plus more if necessary, 2 scallions, roughly chopped, 24 wonton wrappers, 2 cups water, plus more for sealing wontons, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup soy sauce, for dipping], title: Fried Edamame Dumplings, picturelink: 2tKIJb16.x8AdC0w3gjxv1OskUQCr7K}, 26611: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn an electric kettle or medium saucepan with a lid, combine chicken broth and white wine and heat just to simmering. Keep warm.nIn a large 3 to 4quart heavy saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the onions and a pinch of salt and sweat until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes or until the grains are translucent around the edges. Be careful not to allow the grains or the onions to brown.nReduce the heat to low. Add enough of the wine and chicken stock just to cover the top of the rice. Stir or move the pan often, until the liquid is completely absorbed into rice. Once absorbed, add another amount of liquid just to cover the rice and continue stirring or moving as before. There should be just enough liquid left to repeat 1 more time. It should take approximately 35 to 40 minutes for all of the liquid to be absorbed. After the last addition of liquid has been mostly absorbed, add the mushrooms and asparagus and stir until risotto is creamy and asparagus is heated through. Remove from the heat and stir in the Parmesan, lemon zest, and nutmeg. Taste and season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nCooks Note: If fresh wild mushrooms are not available, reconstituted dried mushrooms can be used instead. Place 2 ounces of dried mushrooms into a bowl and cover with warm water. Allow to sit for about 30 minutes or until all the mushrooms are soft and pliable., ingredients: [6 cups chicken broth, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup finely chopped onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups Arborio rice, 5 ounces wild mushrooms, cooked and coarsely chopped, approximately 34 cup, 7 ounces asparagus, cooked and cut into 1inch pieces, approximately 1 12 cups, 2 ounces grated Parmesan, approximately 12 cup, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg], title: Wild Mushroom and Asparagus Risotto, picturelink: S4uC2tlTNCx4s8LFqpFhUdR0UsoFnS6}, 26612: {instructions: Place strawberries in a bowl. Sprinkle with sugar, vinegar and pepper. Toss until well combined. Let stand 1 hour or all day.nDivide the ice cream into 4 serving dishes. Top with 14 of the strawberries and the juice. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 quart strawberries, washed, stemmed, halved, 14 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup strawberry ice cream], title: Strawberries and Strawberry Ice Cream with Balsamic Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 26613: {instructions: Spray a large Bundt pan with nonstick baking spray. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSift together flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Then put mixture into a stand mixer add eggs, and mix until combined. Then add oil mix until blended. Next add grapefruit and orange juices, and banana and mix until smooth and creamy. Lastly add sour cream and zests just mix until combined and smooth.nPut cake batter into a 10inch the prepared pan and bake for about 35 to 45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.nWhen done turn pan onto serving platter let stand about 15 minutes then poke small holes in top. I use a straw be neat about it. Pour Glaze Sauce on partially cooled cake. Let cool about 1 hour and serve. We like it with a scoop of dream sickle ice cream on the side and a sprig of mint.nThis could be a layer cake with cream cheese icing.nMix juice and sugar until combined. If it is too thick add more juice a tablespoon at a time. Stir in zest and pecans., ingredients: [Nonstick baking spray, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups white sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 eggs, 1 cup canola oil, 12 cup freshly squeezed ruby red grapefruit juice, 12 cup freshly squeezed Florida orange juice, 1 banana, smashed, 12 ounces sour cream, 2 tablespoons orange zest, 1 teaspoon grapefruit zest, Glaze sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup grapefruit juice, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 tablespoon grapefruit zest, 14 cup finely chopped pecans], title: Ruby Red Grapefruit Cake, picturelink: null}, 26614: {instructions: Season the turkey with salt and pepper and poultry seasoning. Set up a breading station of flour, then egg then bread crumbs. Bread cutlets and reserve them.nCombine parsley, celery, scallions, apple, mushrooms and dress with salt, pepper, the juice of 2 lemons, 3 tablespoons olive oil. Butter toasted bread then chop into 14 inch dice. Toss bread and thyme into salad. Dampen the stuffing salad a bit with apple cider or juice and toss to combine.nMelt 3 tablespoons of butter over medium heat in medium saucepan. Add flour and cook 1 minute then whisk in stock, season with salt and pepper and Worcestershire and thicken stock a few minutes over mediumlow heat.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, cook cutlets 10 minutes turning once. If the pan is too small to cook all 4, reserve 2 under foil and add another tablespoon olive oil and cook off remaining cutlets.nServe cutlets on raw stuffing salad and top with warm gravy., ingredients: [4 pieces turkey breast cutlet, pounded 14inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, Flour, for dredging, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups bread crumbs, A couple handfuls fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 3 to 4 ribs celery from the heart with leafy tops, finely chopped, 4 scallions, whites and greens, chopped, 1 Gala or Golden Delicious apple, chopped, 14 pound small button mushrooms, wiped clean and very thinly sliced, 2 lemons, 5 to 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball the amount, 4 thin slices brioche or challah, toasted, Softened butter, for toast, plus 3 tablespoons for gravy, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and finely chopped, 1 12 cups cloudy apple cider, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups turkey stock or chicken stock, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Turkey Cutlets with Gravy and Raw Stuffing Salad, picturelink: XI4wvuhGwMNePWITlLkNoxEihrGFqo2}, 26615: {instructions: Rinse and pat dry chicken breast halves and place them smoothside up on a work surface. Place four sage leaves at an angle atop each chicken breast half, spacing them evenly for a uniform, striped look. Carefully center a prosciutto slice atop the chicken breast widthwise, covering sage leaves, and wrap the slice around, securing it in back with toothpicks.nIn a nonstick skillet, heat olive oil on medium. Place chicken breasts sageside down in pan, cover and cook 10 minutes. Turn chicken breasts and continue cooking, uncovered, until cooked though, 57 minutes depending on thickness.nTransfer chicken breasts to dinner plates. Add sherry to pan and increase heat to mediumhigh. Cook, scraping to loosen any browned bits, for 1 minute, until liquid in pan becomes a syrupy glaze. Place each chicken breast half on a dinner plate, spoon some pan glaze over each and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, trimmed of fat and membranes, 24 fresh sage leaves, stems removed, 6 slices prosciutto, 1 Tbs. olive oil, 2 Tbs. dry oloroso sherry], title: Chicken Saltimbocca, picturelink: null}, 26616: {instructions: Place everything in a blender and puree until smooth., ingredients: [1 cup soft tofu, drained, 1 banana, peeled and sliced, 2 cups apple juice, 2 cups blueberries, 1 cup ice], title: Blueberry Power Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 26617: {instructions: Place potatoes in a small pot and cover with water. Bring the water to a boil and salt it. Cook potatoes until tender 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes and return to hot pot and mash with butter, sugar, rum, lime and mint. Season the Mojito Mash with salt, to taste., ingredients: [2 sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced, Salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 shots rum or spiced rum, 2 limes, juiced, Handful mint leaves, chopped], title: Mojito Mashed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 26618: {instructions: For the macerated strawberries: In a medium saucepan, combine the strawberries, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice and 14 cup water and stir. Bring to a simmer, and then lower the heat and swirl. Cook until the strawberries are soft but not falling apart and the liquid is syrupy, 7 to 8 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the Grand Marnier syrup: Combine the Grand Marnier, sugar, orange zest, orange juice and 14 cup water in a saucepan and simmer for 10 minutes until slightly thickened. Set aside to cool.nFor the strawberry and banana stuffed French toast: In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, halfandhalf, granulated sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg.nStir the cream cheese to soften, and then spread on 6 of the bread slices. Top each slice with a layer of the strawberries. Spread a thin layer of strawberry jam on the other 6 pieces of bread, and top each slice with a layer of the bananas. Place each bread slice with strawberries together with a bread slice with bananas to form 6 sandwiches. Press around the edges to seal.nMelt the butter in a nonstick saute pan or flat griddle top over mediumlow heat. Dip the sandwiches in the egg mixture for a few seconds on each side, allowing any excess to drain off, and then place in the pan. Cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Slice in half on the diagonal and serve topped with the macerated strawberries, whipped cream, toasted almond slivers and a good dusting of confectioners sugar. Drizzle with the Grand Marnier syrup., ingredients: [3 cups hulled and quartered strawberries, 14 cup granulated sugar, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 cup Grand Marnier, 1 cup granulated sugar, Grated zest and juice of 2 oranges, 3 eggs, 34 cup halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 to 4 grates fresh nutmeg, 8 ounces whipped cream cheese, 12 slices brioche bread, 1 cup hulled and sliced fresh strawberries, 14 cup strawberry jam, 1 cup sliced fresh bananas, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Fresh whipped cream, for serving, Toasted sliced almonds, for serving, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Strawberry and Banana Stuffed French Toast with Grand Marnier Syrup, picturelink: sQHgs1Eh2x7Psg5Ihon3X2jdQqNOwsq}, 26619: {instructions: First, make the dressing: Zest 1 orange into a bowl, then juice both oranges and boil the juice down in a small saucepan to about 3 tablespoons. Meanwhile, mince the shallot and put it in a ramekin with the vinegar poured over. Set aside 5 minutes. Add the mustard to the zest. When the orange juice has reduced, strain it over the zest. Drain the shallot, discarding the vinegar, and add. Whisk all together, then slowly whisk in the oil. Taste, and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nBring a saute pan full of water to the boil. Salt it, then add the asparagus and cook until tender. Drain, and immediately rinse under icecold water to set the color. Pat dry with paper towels and transfer to a serving platter. Spoon over the sauce. Shave over Parmesan cheese. Grind over some pepper and serve., ingredients: [2 oranges, 1 pink shallot, minced, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 20 spears green asparagus, trimmed, Parmesan cheese, for shaving], title: Asparagus with Orange Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26620: {instructions: Shake first two ingredients with ice.nStrain into a martini glass and top with a splash of soda water.nGarnish with maraschino cherry.nDrink Responsibly. JDK  Sonsu2122 Crave Liqueur, 15 Alc.Vol. u00a92012 John DeKuyper  Son, Frankfort Clermont, KY, ingredients: [1 part JDKSonsu2122 Crave Chocolate Cherry Liqueur, 1 part Cruzanu00ae coconut rum, Soda water, Maraschino cherry optional], title: Cherry Macaroon Martini, picturelink: GH9oVwkfBFwUgvOxNdpVX0LuSh0Bn2}, 26621: {instructions: Peel the mango and slice the flesh away from the center pit, into two halves, keeping the mango in pieces as large as possible. Fan the mango as neatly as possible and set aside.nCombine the papaya, jalapeno, cane syrup, coconut milk, lime juice and cilantro in a bowl and season with salt and pepper.nDress the ham with some of the juices from the papaya, combine with the red pepper. Garnish each plate with a mango fan, place a cup of the pork into a ramekin dish and invert it onto the plate. Unmold the pork onto the plate, top with some of the papaya salad., ingredients: [2 mangoes, 1 cup fine julienne of green papaya, 1 to 2 jalapenos, finely chopped, seeds discarded, 14 cup cane syrup, 14 cup coconut milk, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper, 12 cup julienne of sweet red pepper, about 1 pepper, 2 cups shredded, cooked roast fresh ham, all bones and skin removed], title: Salad of Fresh Ham, Mango, Green Papaya and Chilies, picturelink: null}, 26622: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the butter and graham crackers in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely ground and the mixture holds together when pinched. Transfer to a 9inch tart pan with a removable bottom, and press evenly along the bottom and about halfway up the sides. Place on a baking sheet and bake until lightly golden, about 10 minutes. Let cool completely.nCombine 13 cup of the sugar, the sour cream and cream cheese in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or a large bowl if using a hand mixer, beat until smooth. Add the lemon zest, vanilla and eggs, and continue to beat until incorporated. Pour into the cooled tart shell and bake on a baking sheet until set, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool to room temperature and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour up to overnight.nAbout 30 minutes before serving, toss the berries with the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar, mash slightly with a wooden spoon and let sit at room temperature. Spoon the berries and collected juice over the tart. Serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, 8 whole lowfat cinnamon graham crackers, broken into pieces, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup sour cream, One 8ounce package 13lessfat cream cheese, softened, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg plus 1 large egg white, lightly beaten, 2 cups blackberries, 2 cups blueberries], title: Black and Blue Cheesecake Tart, picturelink: c5ZB5tsx19.Deadsz9zxnFc.lkr..W}, 26623: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Spray 13x9inch baking dish with cooking spray set aside.n2. Melt Fleischmanns in large saucepan over medium heat. Add bell pepper and onion cook and stir about 5 minutes or until tender. Stir in both soups, undrained tomatoes and chicken.n3. Layer onethird each of tortillas, chicken mixture and cheese evenly in dish. Repeat layers twice more. Bake uncovered 40 minutes or until hot and bubbly., ingredients: [PAMu00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 14 cup Fleischmannsu00ae Originalstick, 12 cup chopped green bell pepper, 12 cup chopped yellow onion, 1 can 1034 oz each condensed cream of chicken soup, 1 can 1034 oz each condensed cream of mushroom soup, 1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Original Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, undrained, 2 cups chopped cooked chicken breast, 12 corn tortillas 6 inch, torn into bitesize pieces, 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese 2 cups  8 oz], title: King Ranch Chicken, picturelink: A9JrJmCnML6UDucKOD75jBd5ouggMUq}, 26624: {instructions: Special equipment: a candy thermometer, an 8inch ring mold and a kitchen torchnFor the squash: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.nToss the butternut squash with the sugar and cinnamon in a large bowl. Spread out the squash on the prepared baking sheet. Cover with more foil and secure the edges. Roast until forktender, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil from the top and continue to roast until slightly golden, about 10 more minutes. Let cool and then puree in a food processor and set aside.nFor the pecan jaconde: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whip the egg whites until frothy. Slowly add the granulated sugar and salt and whip until stiff peaks form. Add the egg yolks slowly and continue whipping until combined, about 2 minutes.nSift in the flour in 3 stages, folding carefully to prevent deflating and making sure there are no lumps. Fold in the melted butter.nSpread on the prepared baking sheet and sprinkle with the pecans. Bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Allow to cool and cut into two 8inch circles. Tip: leftovers can be use in a triflenFor the pecan rum cake syrup: Bring the granulated sugar, pecans and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Boil for three minute or so to release the pecan oils. Remove from the heat and add the rum. Use warm to moisten the sponge while assembling the cakenFor the butternut squash pudding: In a pot, bring the sugar, cream, condensed milk, cinnamon sticks, pumpkin pie spice and 1 cup of the milk to a boil.. In a medium bowl, mix the cornstarch with the egg yolks and remaining 12 cup milk.nRemove the cinnamon sticks carefully from the milk mixture and temper the cornstarch mixture with it, whisking the hot mixture by the ladleful into the cornstarch mixture. Return the tempered mixture to the pot and add 2 cups of the squash puree reserve the remaining puree for another use. Cook on mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, until the pudding thickens, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the vanilla and butter and mix until incorporated.nFor the marshmallow meringue: In a small pot, bring the granulated sugar and 6 tablespoons water to a boil. Cook to 240 degrees F or the soft ball stage. Once the syrup has reached 210 degrees F, start whipping the egg whites. As soon as the syrup reaches 240 degrees F, add the syrup to the egg whites while whipping. Add the melted marshmallow and pumpkin pie spice and whip until cooled, 5 to 10 minutes.nTo assemble the cake: Use an 8inch ring mold. Place a layer of pecan joconde sponge on the bottom and drench with half the syrup. Cover with a layer of the warm pudding as thick as the cake. Repeat with another layer of cake and pudding. Allow to cool in the refrigerator until the pudding sets, about 20 minutes. Once cooled, remove from the ring and decorate with the marshmallow meringue all around the cake. Torch the outside of the cake gently to create a brulee look. Decorate with cape gooseberries and chopped pecans, if using., ingredients: [3 cups 1inch diced peeled and seeded butternut squash, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 8 large eggs, separated, plus 2 egg yolks, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, Pinch of kosher salt, 1 18 cups cake flour, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups pecan halves, toasted and crushed, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup chopped pecans, 2 tablespoons spiced rum, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 cup cream, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk, 3 cinnamon sticks, 12 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 12 cups milk, 7 tablespoons cornstarch, Pinch of kosher salt., 8 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 23 cups granulated sugar, 6 large egg whites, 4 marshmallows, melted in a microwave, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, Cape gooseberries and chopped pecans, for garnish, optional], title: Roasted Butternut Squash Pudding Cake, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 26625: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter three 9inchround cake pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper butter the parchment and dust with flour.nSift the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt into a large bowl. Whisk the granulated sugar and eggs in a separate large bowl until combined. Gradually stir in the vegetable oil. Add the flour mixture, alternating with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture, stirring well after each addition. Stir in the vanilla and red food coloring.nDivide the batter evenly among the pans and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Cool the cakes in the pans for 10 minutes, then turn out onto racks to finish cooling peel off the parchment.nMake the frosting: Beat the cream cheese and butter in a large bowl with a mixer until creamy. Beat in the confectioners sugar until the mixture is smooth. Beat in the vanilla and nuts, reserving 2 tablespoons nuts for garnish. You can make the cakes andor frosting up to 2 days ahead wrap the cakes in plastic wrap and refrigerate the frosting.nSpread the frosting between the layers, on the side and on top of the cake. Garnish with the reserved pecans.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the pans, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 34 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 1ounce bottle red food coloring, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 1pound boxes confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups pecans, finely chopped], title: Red Velvet Cake, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 26626: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPat dry each scallop and lay them on a tray. Sprinkle on some olive oil, coating scallops on all sides. Season the scallops with salt, black pepper, and lemon pepper, making sure that the seasoning covers all sides. Refrigerate until ready to cook.nGrill for about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Serve immediately., ingredients: [20 to 25 large scallops about 3 pounds, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons lemon pepper], title: Grilled Scallops, picturelink: Gwx9QjUH3DQ9Oh16NgDzphD5dpArS}, 26627: {instructions: Frost cupcake. Top cupcake with snowball snack cake. Pinch the marshmallows slightly to make bunny shaped ears and spread them with some frosting. Dip them into shredded coconut. Insert a pretzel stick carefully into the marshmallows and insert them into the snow ball to make bunny ears. Dot the back of the candy eyes with frosting and press them onto the snow ball below the ears. Frost the back of the jelly bean and place below eyes for the nose. Frost the tip of the mini marshmallows and place them around the nose to make nose pads and buck teeth. Place the licorice dot just above the teeth. Dip the straws in frosting and place under the nose to make whiskers.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup cupcake tins with paper liners. To avoid cupcakes sticking if they overflow slightly, lightly spray the tops of the pans. Put tins on a baking sheet. Set aside.nProcess sugar and butter in a food processor until very creamy, scraping sides as needed, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the eggs and yolks, one at a time, pulsing after each addition. Add the milk, water, and vanilla and process to blend.nWhisk both flours, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Add the dry ingredients, in 3 batches to the wet, pulsing, and then scraping batter off the sides of the processor as needed after each addition. Process until the batter is very smooth and pourable like pancake batter, about 2 minutes.nEvenly pour the batter into the prepared cups, filling them 34 of the way full. Bake until the cakes are just firm and spring back when gently pressed, and the tops are golden, 18 to 25 minutes. Cool slightly in tin, and turn out of tin when cool enough to handle. Cool cupcakes completely on a rack before frosting.nWhisk the milk and vanilla extract together in a small bowl.nSlowly beat the butter and sugar, in another medium bowl, with an electric mixer until incorporated. Raise the speed to high and mix until light and fluffy, about 5 to 7 minutes. Occasionally turn the mixer off, and scrape the sides of the bowl down with a rubber spatula. Add the fluff and salt and reduce the speed to low. Add the milk and vanilla mixture, scrape the bowl down, and mix until fully incorporated. Raise the mixer to high and beat briefly until fluffy, about 1 to 2 minutes. Use immediately., ingredients: [1 vanilla cupcake, recipe follows, About 1 cup White Fluff Frosting, recipe follows, 1 white snowball snack cake, 2 regular marshmallows, Shredded coconut, 2 pretzel sticks, 2 pink candy eyes, 1 pink jelly bean, 4 mini marshmallows, 1 small dot of black string licorice, 4 small pieces red sour straws, 2 23 cups sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 23 cup milk, 23 cup water, 2 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 23 cups allpurpose flour, 1 13 cups cake flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 5 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup marshmallow fluff, Pinch fine salt], title: Snow Bunny Cupcake, picturelink: iwRCKjatLHGS9VI15VA.ZC3SKKr7ZBa}, 26628: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine fennel seed, cardamom, cloves, cinnamon stick, ginger root, peppercorns and water. Boil for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and steep for 10 minutes. Add the tea, bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer 5 minutes.nStrain mixture, discard spices and return the tea to the saucepan. Stir in the brown sugar and milk. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fennel seed, 6 green cardamom pods, 12 whole cloves, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 14inch piece ginger root, peeled and thinly sliced, 6 black peppercorns, 7 cups water, 2 tablespoons Darjeeling tea, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 cup milk], title: Chai Tea, picturelink: null}, 26629: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 9 x 5 x 3inch loaf pansnButter and flour 2 9 x 5 x 3inch loaf pans and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nWith an electric mixer cream the butter with 14 cup of the sugar and beat until it looks light and fluffy. Add the almond paste a bit at a time and continue to beat until the mixture looks light and fluffy. Add the yolks, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, then beat in the vanilla.nBeat the egg whites with a pinch of salt until soft peaks form. Add the remaining sugar, a tablespoonful at a time, until the egg whites are stiff but not dry. Fold one quarter of the beaten whites into the butteralmond paste mixture, then fold that lightened mixture back into the remaining egg whites, sprinkling and adding in flour as you fold. Add melted chocolate, cutting through the batter with rubber spatula to marble the batter. Pour the batter into the prepared loaf pans and bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until a cake tester comes out clean when inserted in the middle of the cake the cakes should be golden brown and pull away from sides of the pan. Let them set in the loaf pans for 15 minutes. Run a sharp knife around the edges and loosen the cakes onto a rack to cool completely.nTake remaining almond paste from can, stir in the grated orange zest and some whipped cream or even sour cream to make the mixture looser fold in remaining whipped cream and use as a topping with sliced and sugared strawberries or raspberries.nLayer some cake slices in the bottom of a loaf pan sprinkle with liqueur and top with fruit and whipped cream. Repeat with another layer at least, ending with cake on top. Cover and refrigerate until cake is moistened.nCombine cocoa, heavy cream, butter and sugar in a saucepan. Over low heat cook, stirring constantly, until smooth and thick, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, add vanilla. Drizzle glaze over slices of almond cake topped with ice cream. Store remaining glaze in covered jar, in the refrigerator for several weeks reheat to boiling before reusing.nYield: about 3 12 cups, ingredients: [Butter and flour for loaf pans, 1 12 sticks softened unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 23 cups sugar, 12 cup almond paste, 5 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 large egg whites, Pinch salt, 3 cups sifted flour, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted, 12 cup almond paste, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 cup whipped cream or sour cream, Slices of almond pound cake, Liqueur like Kirsch to taste, Sugared fruit like berries or kiwi, peaches, plums to taste, 1 cup whipped cream, 1 cup sifted dark unsweetened cocoa, 23 cup heavy cream, 13 cup unsalted butter, 1 13 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Marbleized Almond Pound Cake, picturelink: null}, 26630: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients in a nonreactive bowl or dish. Refrigerate at least 4 hours. Drain off the liquids and discard them. Serve the shrimp in chilled martini glasses., ingredients: [1 pound shrimp, shelled, deveined and cut into small bite sized pieces, 1 tablespoon, freshly toasted and ground black peppercorns, 12 tablespoon freshly toasted and ground coriander seeds, 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 bay leaves, broken, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Shrimp Seviche Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 26631: {instructions: The day before making the stuffing, bake the cornbread: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F and place a 10inch castiron skillet in the oven. In a bowl, combine the cornmeal, salt, sugar, baking powder and baking soda. Whisk to combine well. In a large bowl, combine the buttermilk, eggs and creamed corn, whisking to combine thoroughly. Add the dry ingredients to the buttermilk mixture and stir to combine. If the batter will not pour, add more buttermilk.nSwirl the vegetable oil in the hot castiron skillet. Pour the batter into the skillet and bake until the cornbread is golden brown and springs back upon the touch, about 20 minutes. Let cool in the skillet, then crumble 6 cups of the cornbread and spread out on a baking sheet. Let the cornbread dry out at room temperature, uncovered, about 24 hours.nMake the stuffing: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the vegetable oil in a 12inch castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, celery, salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until the onion and celery are semitranslucent, about 15 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat add the crumbled cornbread, oyster crackers, thyme and sage and stir well. Next, add the oysters with their liquor and the eggs stir until combined. Pat the mixture down into an even layer.nPut the skillet on the middle rack of the oven and bake until golden brown and crisp around the edges, about 30 to 35 minutes.nPhotograph by Linda Pugliese, ingredients: [2 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup buttermilk, plus more if needed, 2 eggs, 1 cup canned creamed corn, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 stalks celery, chopped, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 5 ounces oyster crackers, crushed, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried sage, 1 pint small oysters with liquor, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Oyster Dressing, picturelink: VgNPQ8CkudZuhJ0KOECXhpjHpP4vyi}, 26632: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium. Grill the kielbasa, turning, until marked, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet or platter.nMeanwhile, whisk the mustard and vinegar in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in 2 tablespoons olive oil until smooth.nToss the onion and pierogies with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill, covered, until the pierogies thaw and the onion begins to soften, about 5 minutes. Turn the pierogies and onion and continue to grill, covered, until the pierogies are cooked through and the onion is tender, 4 to 6 more minutes. Transfer to the baking sheet or platter.nSlice the kielbasa into pieces and add to the bowl with the mustard dressing. Roughly chop the onion and add to the bowl along with the pierogies and parsley. Season with salt and pepper and toss. Divide among shallow bowls.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound kielbasa pork or turkey, cut into 4 pieces, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large white onion, cut into 6 wedges, 1 pound frozen potatoandcheddar pierogies do not thaw, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: Grilled Pierogies and Kielbasa, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 26633: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the water to a rolling boil, add the lentils, and cook, covered over a medium high heat, until nearly but not entirely tender, about 20 minutes.nAdd the garlic, olive oil, tomatoes, salt and pepper. Reduce the heat, cover and continue to simmer briskly for another 10 minutes, stirring a few times, or until the lentil are fully tender.nIf using capellini, break it into 2 to 4 inch pieces and add them to the lentils. Cook, covered, at a steady simmer, stirring several times and scraping the bottom of the pot when you do. Cook until the pasta is just done, stirring more frequently as it gets closer to that point. If using a small tubular pasta or pasta mista, cook the pasta at least halfway in plenty of salted boiling water. Drain the pasta, add it to the lentils, and simmer to finish cooking the pasta.nWhen either pasta is cooked to taste, remove the pot from the heat, stir in the parsley, cover the pot, and let stand about 5 minutes before serving. Serve hot, passing hot pepper oil all the best quality extra virgin olive oil for drizzling on top., ingredients: [5 cups water, 34 cup lentils, 2 large cloves garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 cup chopped canned plum tomatoes, with some juice, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 pound vermicelli or capellini, or small tubular pasta, or pasta mista, 2 rounded tablespoons finely cut or snipped parsley, Optional garnish extra virgin olive oil and hot red pepper flakes or hot pepper oil], title: Pasta and Lentils, picturelink: null}, 26634: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the croutons, olives, onions and peppers on a baking sheet. Add the smoked paprika, salt, pepper and 3 tablespoons of the olive oil and toss until everything is evenly coated. Bake for 15 minutes.nRub the salmon with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and arrange it among the vegetables and croutons on the baking sheet. Bake until the salmon is cooked, another 10 to 12 minutes.nGarnish with the parsley and serve., ingredients: [2 cups sourdough bread croutons 1inch dice, 34 cup pitted green olives, 3 red onions, cut into wedges, 3 red bell peppers, seeded and cut into 6 slices each, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, Sprinkle of kosher salt, Sprinkle of freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons olive oil, Six 6ounce fillets skinless salmon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Spanish Baked Salmon, picturelink: 74wy9ZByChpzFnMyAqxiWZWaJgHC.dS}, 26635: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: forty 4inch skewers or decorative toothpicksnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpray a 10by5inch loaf pan with nonstick cooking spray. Cut a piece of parchment paper to line the bottom and the two long sides of the pan, leaving 2 inches of overhang on either side.nIn a large bowl, mix together the breadcrumbs, Parmesan, milk, eggs and mustard. Set aside to soak for 5 minutes. Add the peppers, shallots, turkey, basil and salt, and mix well with your hands until fully combined. Press the meatloaf mixture into the prepared loaf pan and smooth the top.nBake until the meatloaf reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees F, about 30 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then run a knife along the two parchmentfree sides of the pan to release the loaf. Using the paper as handles, lift the meatloaf from the pan to a cooling rack and let cool to room temperature.nWhen cool, place the meatloaf back in the pan and fold the parchment over the top to cover. Place a weight or heavy object on top of the loaf to press, and then place the whole thing in the refrigerator to chill completely, at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nTo serve, unmold the meatloaf and cut it into 1inch squares. Using 4inch skewers or decorative toothpicks, skewer a grape, a piece each of celery and apple, and, lastly, a cube of meatloaf to use as a base. Stand the skewers upright on the meatloaf.nServe cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons milk, room temperature, 2 eggs, room temperature, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 4 jarred piquillo peppers, drained and finely diced, 1 shallot, minced, 1 pound ground turkey, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 34 teaspoon salt, 40 red seedless grapes, 2 stalks celery, cut into 34inch pieces, 1 apple, such as Fuji, diced into 40 pieces], title: Turkey Waldorf Bites, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 26636: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C.nRoll the pastry out on a floured counter to a rectangle of about 19 x 12 12in 48 by 32cm and bash the pastry with the rolling pin a bit. Puff pastry is made of fine layers and normally you have to be very delicate with it. For sausage rolls the pastry needs to be slightly puffed but not too much, so bashing it with a rolling pin reduces the amount it puffs up.nCut the large rectangle in half lengthwise, then cut both smaller rectangles into eight equal sections. You now have 16 rectangles in total. Brush one end of each rectangle with a little of the beaten egg and lay a piece of sausage at the other end, then season the sausage with salt and pepper and sprinkle with thyme leaves. Roll the sausage up in the pastry to enclose and repeat with all the sausages. For a flavor variation add sage, parsley, or chopped rosemary. Put the sausage rolls in the refrigerator for 20 minutes for the pastry to harden.nOnce the pastry is hard, remove them from the refrigerator and score the tops with a sharp knife for decoration or prick with a fork. Brush well all over with the rest of the beaten egg and bake in the oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the pastry has turned a golden brown and looks crisp. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [1lb 2oz500g homemade or storebought puff pastry, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 egg, beaten, 8 uncooked breakfastsized herby sausages the best you can find, cut in half crosswise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Small handful of thyme leaves], title: Totally Lazy Mini Sausage Rolls, picturelink: null}, 26637: {instructions: Heat the butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and thyme and cook until the vegetables are good and soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Dust the vegetables with flour and stir to coat everything well. Pour in the vegetable stock and bring to a boil. Add the cream and the potatoes, bring to a boil and boil hard for about 7 minutes, until the potatoes break down this will help to thicken the soup and give it a good texture.nCut the corn kernels off the cob and add to the soup. Season with salt and pepper and simmer until the corn is soft, about 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in the parsley and give it another little drink of olive oil. Ladle the soup into bowls and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 6 cups canned vegetable stock, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and diced, 6 ears corn, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Corn Chowder, picturelink: null}, 26638: {instructions: Marinate lamb in mixture of ground spices and sour cream for 30 minutes. In a Dutch oven or flameproof casserole over mediumhigh heat, fry onion in mixture of oil and butter until edges are nicely browned. Add cinnamon, cloves, cardamom, garlic and ginger and continue frying for 1 or 2 minutes until onion turns medium brown. Add marinated lamb to onion mixture and stir over medium to mediumhigh heat until sour cream disappears and lamb is no longer pink on the outside, about 2 minutes. Stir in crushed fennel seeds, coconut milk, salt, and 34 cup water bring to a boil. Turn heat down and simmer, covered, for 30 minutes. Uncover and simmer for another 20 to 25 minutes to thicken sauce, adding more water if sauce is too thick. At this point the meat and sauce should have darkened somewhat. Stir in lemon juice and remove from heat. Taste and add salt if needed., ingredients: [2 pounds lamb trimmed of fat about 4 cups cut into 1inch cubes, 6 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 cup sour cream, 3 cups thinly sliced onion, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2inch piece cinnamon stick, 4 whole cloves, 4 cardamom pods, crushed lightly to break pods, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 14 teaspoon fennel seeds, coarsely ground with a mortar and pestle, 14 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 cup water, or more as needed, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: Lamb Korma, picturelink: null}, 26639: {instructions: To make the marinade for the pork: In a food processor, blend garlic and ginger by pulsing 3 times. Add in jalapeno and red bell pepper, pulse 3 times. Add in remaining ingredients except pork, pulse 3 to 5 times to blend well, but not liquefy. Season, to taste. Remove 1 12 cups of marinade and set aside. Place pork in a resealable plastic bag and pour marinade over. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour, up to 4 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove pork from refrigerator while oven is preheating, drain off excess marinade and discard. Place pork in a roasting pan fitted with a rack and cook until the internal temperature registers 160 degrees F, on an instantread thermometer, approximately 1 hour and 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, to make the greens: In a medium, non reactive bowl, whisk together reserved marinade, vinegar, lime juice, cilantro, red pepper flakes and slowly whisk in oil. Add half of the vinaigrette to a large bowl with the bok choy, cabbage and green onions and toss to combine. Cover and set aside. Reserve the other half of the vinaigrette.nCook pasta al dente according to directions, add in olive oil and soy, toss to combine.nRemove pork from oven and let rest covered loosely for 10 minutes. Slice thin.nFor final assembly: Arrange pasta on a large platter and top with sliced pork and prepared vegetables. Drizzle entire dish with about 13 cup of the reserved vinaigrette. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 14 cup seeded and roughly chopped jalapenos, 34 cup roughly chopped red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 fresh pineapple, peeled and cored, roughly chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 3 12 to 4 pound pork loin, Reserved marinade from above, 4 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups sliced baby bok choy cut lengthwise into fourths, 1 12 cups cored and thinly sliced green cabbage, 12 cup diagonally sliced green onions, 1 pound fettuccine, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce], title: Wicked Pork with Greens and Fettuccine, picturelink: null}, 26640: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the coffee, sugar and cocoa. Whisk in the corn syrup until all the sugar crystals are dissolved and the mixture is completely smooth. Place the chocolate and butter in a large, dry bowl, set over barely simmering water. When the chocolate has melted, whisk in the coffeecocoa mixture until smooth and blended. The sauce is best if left to ripen overnight.nIn a completely dry bowl or double boiler, set over barely simmering water, melt the chocolate halfway. Remove from heat and stir to completely melt. Over medium heat, bring the cream, corn syrup, rum andor framboise to a scald. Pour the hot mixture over the melted chocolate and stir with a whisk until blended and smooth. Add the butter and whisk for 1 full minute to thicken.nAssemble: Serve sauces in fondue pots: over a flame and get ready to dip., ingredients: [12 cup very hot coffee, 12 cup sugar, 34 cup unsweetened, Dutch processed cocoa, 12 cup light corn syrup, 4 ounces semi sweet chocolate, chopped, 1 ounce unsalted butter, 6 ounces white chocolate, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 2 teaspoons dark rum and 1 teaspoon framboise, 12 tablespoon unsalted butter, Chocolate covered banana bites, Fresh fruit, Chocolate pound cake, cubed, Toasted coconut], title: Fondue for Two, picturelink: null}, 26641: {instructions: In a saucepan mix all ingredients for sauce. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 8ounce cans tomato sauce, 1 13 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup brown sugar, 4 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 tablespoons prepared mustard, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoons black pepper, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 teaspoons or more hot sauce], title: Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26642: {instructions: Combine the orangeflavored liqueur, gin and mandarin liqueur in a cocktail shaker with ice. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice, then add a splash club soda and garnish with and orange slice and mint sprig., ingredients: [1ounce orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 1ounce gin, 1ounce mandarin liqueur recommended: Marie Brizard Mandarin Liqueur, Ice cubes, Orange flavored club soda, Orange slice, Mint Sprig], title: Moroccan Cocktail Spritzer, picturelink: null}, 26643: {instructions: Special equipment: a kitchen torch, optional a stand mixer piping bags fitted with a number 3 or 4 tip large round and a number 0 round tip a 1ounce cookie scoop a Silpat or silicone baking matnFor the spiced sugar cookie: Preheat the oven to 350 F.nPaddle the butter in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment at medium speed until soft and the consistency of mayonnaise, about 3 minutes. Use a kitchen torch to gently warm the bowl if necessary.nAdd the granulated sugar and salt and continue to paddle at medium speed, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary, until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and paddle at medium speed until well incorporated, about 3 minutes see Cooks Note.nReduce the speed of the mixer to the lowest setting, add the flour, baking powder, cardamom, cinnamon, cloves and allspice and mix until well combined.nScoop the cookie dough into a rough ball on a piece of parchment paper. Place another piece of parchment paper on top and roll out the dough to 14 inch thick. Keep the dough between the 2 sheets of parchment, place on a baking sheet and chill until firm, about 10 minutes in the freezer.nPeel off the top piece of parchment and then place it back on top. Flip the dough over and peel the bottom parchment off. Cut the dough to the desired shape: For this wreath, cut an 8inch circle and then a 5inch circle in the interior to make a ring. Reserve, reroll and bake off scraps for another use.nTransfer the baking sheet to the oven and bake the cookie ring until set, 7 to 10 minutes. Allow to cool completely.nFor the langues de chats: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPaddle the butter in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment at medium speed until soft and the consistency of mayonnaise, about 3 minutes. Use a kitchen torch to gently warm the bowl if necessary.nAdd the granulated sugar and salt and continue to paddle at medium speed, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary, until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Gradually add the egg whites and vanilla bean paste and paddle at medium speed until incorporated completely.nReduce the speed of the mixer to the lowest setting, add the cake flour and orange zest and mix until well combined. Your batter should resemble a thick cake batter.nFill a piping bag fitted with a number 3 or 4 tip large round with the cookie batter. Pipe cookies onto 3 parchment paperlined baking sheets. The cookies should be 1 inch long and spaced about 1 inch apart you should be able to fit 3 rows of 9 to 10 cookies on each baking sheet see Cooks Note.nBake 2 baking sheets at a time, rotating the sheets halfway through, until the cookies have just started to brown on the edges, 5 to 7 minutes. Let cool. Cookies will crisp as they cool. Repeat with the remaining baking sheet of cookies. Makes 60 to 70 cookiesnFor the coconut lime Russian tea cakes: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPaddle the butter in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment at medium speed until soft and the consistency of mayonnaise, about 3 minutes. Use a kitchen torch to gently warm the bowl if necessary.nAdd the granulated sugar and salt and continue to paddle at medium speed, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary, until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the vanilla extract and lime juice and paddle at medium speed until well incorporated.nReduce the speed of the mixer to the lowest setting and add the lime zest, flour and coconut and mix until well combined, scraping as often as necessarynUsing a 1ounce cookie scoop, scoop the dough about 1 12 inches apart onto a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Bake until set, about 15 minutes. You should be able to pick up a cookie off the baking sheet. The cookies will be very lightly browned on the edges, and should feel soft, yet solid. Allow to cool for 2 minutes on the baking sheet, and then dredge the warm cookies one by one in confectioners sugar, ensuring complete coverage. Place back on the baking sheet to cool. Makes 24 to 30 cookiesnFor the hippen tuile: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPaddle the butter in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment at medium speed until smooth and creamy, about 3 minutes. Add the sugar and paddle at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl often. Slowly add the egg whites and continue to paddle at medium speed until completely combined.nReduce the speed of the mixer to the lowest setting, add the flour and lemon zest and mix until combined. Your batter should resemble cake batter.nScoop the tuile batter into a pastry bag fitted with number 0 tip. Chill the batter until firm, about 20 minutes.nPipe the chilled batter into desired shapes holly leaves for the wreath on a baking sheet lined with a Silpat or silicone baking mat. The batter will be stiff loosen it slightly by kneading the pasty bag with your hands. Chill the piped tuile cookies until the batter is firm, about 10 minutes. This is a very important step so that the cookies maintain their shapes.nBake the tuiles until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Let cool completely before taking the cookies off the baking sheet. The tuiles will crisp as they cool.nFor the royal icing: Whisk together the confectioners sugar and meringue powder in the bowl of a stand mixer until combined. Using a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, slowly add the water 1 tablespoon at a time and beat on low speed until the frosting is glossy and smooth.nFill a pastry bag with about 12 cup of the royal icing and cut off the tip to pipe fine lines. Reserve the remaining royal icing in the bowl.nTo assemble: Lay the spiced sugar cookie wreath on a flat surface. Dip one end of a langues des chats in the royal icing and lay it lengthwise on the wreath repeat twice more so there are 3 across. Continue attaching the cookies, overlapping the ends to shingle all the way around the wreath the royal icing should only touch the part of the cookies attached to the wreath base and should not be visible.nPipe along the edges and down the center of the hippen tuile holly leaves to accent them. Allow to dry.nAttach the leaves and the Russian tea cookies to the wreath with the royal icing to make decorative holly and berry arrangements. Once complete, dust all over with confectioners sugar to look like snow., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, A healthy pinch of ground allspice, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, Pinch of kosher salt, 3 12 large egg whites, 12 teaspoon vanilla bean paste, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons cake flour, Orange zest from 1 medium size orange, 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 7 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Zest and juice of 1 lime, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons unsweetened shredded coconut, Confectioners sugar, for dredging, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 large egg whites, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Zest of 12 lemon, 1 pound confectioners sugar, plus more for dusting, 3 tablespoons meringue powder, About 6 tablespoons roomtemperature water], title: Cookie Swap Wreath, picturelink: 7ih42yjIJ7bOu7ejlo8oT18lh1hzv5e}, 26644: {instructions: Melt the butter in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook until it is fragrant and becomes golden, about 1 minute.nStir in the anchovies and the oil from the tin and continue to cook, stirring often, until the anchovies melt into the butter, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the sauce to a medium bowl. Serve with bread or raw vegetables on the side for dipping., ingredients: [2 sticks salted butter, 1 head garlic, cloves separated, peeled and finely minced, One 2ounce tin oilpacked anchovies, Bread or raw vegetables, for serving], title: Bagna Cauda, picturelink: null}, 26645: {instructions: Fill champagne flute with orange liqueur, cherry brandy and a splash of pineapple juice. Top with champagne. Add strawberry for garnish., ingredients: [12ounce orange liqueur, 12ounce cherry brandy, Splash pineapple juice, Champagne, Strawberry, for garnish], title: Ginas Morning Glory Cocktail, picturelink: VEQOmWHLU6JK5hT.OA92QlcNQeyBoV2}, 26646: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill to mediumhigh heat and shut the lid. Let the grill heat for 20 minutes.nAdd a few glugs of olive oil to a small bowl and season with a pinch of salt.nAdd the leeks to a small bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nSprinkle your work surface with flour. Flatten the Homemade Pizza Dough with your hands and use your fingertips around the edges to define the crust. Flatten the center and stretch the pizza to a 12inch round while rotating. You can toss it up into the air to get a nice stretch.nHave all of your sauces, olive oil, toppings and spoons set out on a sheet tray next to your grill. You have to have everything prepped and ready to go when grilling pizzas.nTurn one side of your grill down to medium and keep the other side of the grill on mediumhigh. Place the dough on the mediumhigh side of the grill and quickly brush all over with olive oil. Let the dough cook just until the dough is firm on the bottom and has some nice char marks, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip the dough over to the cooler side of the grill by using either a sheet tray turned upside down or a pizza peel.nBrush the other side of the dough with olive oil, then top the pizza. Spread the Broccoli Pesto out from the center, leaving an edge for the crust. Spread out the mozzarella, then evenly distribute the leeks and ricotta cheese. Close the grill and cook until the cheese is melted and the crust is cooked through, about 5 minutes.nRemove with a pizza peel or sheet tray. Place on a cutting board and slice up and serve. Sprinkle with some Parmesan before serving.nStir the yeast, warm water and honey together in the bottom of a standing mixer bowl. Stir in 12 cup of the allpurpose flour. Mix until combined. Let sit until the mixture looks bubbly and foamy and the yeast is activated, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Once the oven is warm, turn it off. Outfit a standing mixer with a dough hook. Oil a large bowl with olive oil.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the remaining 34 cups allpurpose flour, the bread flour and salt until well blended.nTurn the mixer on and add the cold water and olive oil to the bubbly yeast mixture. Add the flour by scoopfuls. Knead for 5 minutes until the dough comes together into a ball. Sprinkle some flour down on your cutting board and knead the dough by hand for another minute or so until its smooth and elastic. Place the dough in the bowl and flip to coat all sides with oil. Cover with a kitchen towel and wait until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nPunch down and let rise again for 1 12 more hours.nSplit the dough into 2 equalsize balls, cover with a slightly damp tea towel and let rest for 10 minutes before stretching.nBring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Add a big pinch of salt and stir in the broccoli. Boil the broccoli until very tender, about 5 minutes. Drain the broccoli in a colander in the sink and rinse under very cold water to stop the cooking.nAdd the broccoli, Parmesan, pistachios, basil, olive oil and garlic to a food processor and process until smooth. Season the pesto with a small pinch of salt and pepper., ingredients: [Olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 leek, cut into thin rings, Freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 ball Homemade Pizza Dough, recipe follows, at room temperature, 13 cup Broccoli Pesto, recipe follows, One 8ounce ball fresh mozzarella, sliced, 14 cup ricotta cheese, Freshly grated Parmesan, for serving, One 14ounce package active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 12 cup lukewarm water, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for bowl, 3 cups bread flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 cups cold water, Kosher salt, 8 ounces broccoli florets from 3 averagesize crowns, 12 cup freshly shredded Parmesan shredded with large eyes on a box grater, 12 cup roasted, salted pistachios, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, loosely packed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large clove garlic, Freshly ground pepper], title: Veggie Pizza with Pesto, picturelink: 7uORYXSobU2CE5zZmUHPan1rfnni.}, 26647: {instructions: Split rolls in half and score them with a sharp knife to make craters for dressing to seep into.nMake dressing with olive paste, Dijon mustard, lemon juice and olive oil. Season with olive oil.nSpoon dressing into rolls, top with roast beef, sliced tomato and sprigs of parsley. Drizzle on more dressing and top with pimiento., ingredients: [2 hard rolls, 2 tablespoons chopped pitted black olives, tapenade, or black olive paste, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Fresh lemon juice to taste, Olive oil to taste, 4 to 6 ounces thinly sliced roast beef, Slivers of roasted red pepper or pimiento, Sprigs of parsley], title: Provencal Roast Beef Salad Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 26648: {instructions: Prepare cookies: Position an oven rack in center of oven and a second rack in lower third. Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt on waxed paper. Beat together butter and sugars in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until creamy, about 2 minutes. Beat in buttermilk, egg, and vanilla until well blended. On low speed, beat in flour mixture in 3 additions.nDrop batter by level 14 cup onto 2 large ungreased baking sheets, spacing about 3 inches apart. Using a metal spatula, spread into 2inch rounds.nBake for 8 minutes switch positions of baking sheets. Bake another 7 to 9 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Cool baking sheets on a wire rack 1 minute. Transfer cookies to rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, prepare icings: For black chocolate icing, melt chocolate chips and shortening in top of a double boiler over barely simmering, not boiling, water, stirring until smooth. Let cool.nFor white icing, beat milk, confectioners sugar, and salt in a mediumsize bowl until a spreading consistency, adding more milk if necessary cover with plastic wrap.nTurn cooled cookies flat side up brush off any crumbs. Spread 1 tablespoon white icing on half of each cookie. Spread 1 tablespoon chocolate icing on the other half of each cookie. Let dry. Store between sheets of waxed paper in a sealed container., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 23 cup butter or margarine, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed lightbrown sugar, 13 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon solid vegetable shortening, 3 tablespoons milk, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, Pinch salt], title: Black and White Cookies, picturelink: null}, 26649: {instructions: Rinse the Brussels sprouts under cold water and reserve on a dry cloth to dry. Once dry, cut each sprout into quarters and place aside.nPlace the bacon strips on a cutting board and cut into 34inch strips. In a medium saute pan, heat the lardons over medium heat until crisp. Strain the lardons out of the pan and place on paper towels. Keep the bacon fat in the pan, add the butter and heat until melted. Once the butter is melted, add the Brussels sprouts and stir frequently. Saute until the sprouts begin to brown. Add the lardons back to the sprouts and add the maple syrup. Heat until the syrup appears to stick to the Brussels sprouts and a deep caramelization is reached. Season with the salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 cups Brussels sprouts, 6 strips bacon, 6 tablespoons butter, cubed, 4 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Maple Bacon Braised Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: ze6q5ot4iPFeoiFa2XPbnfD4LCNiH6}, 26650: {instructions: Pour the wine, cider and Allspice Simple Syrup into a pitcher or punch bowl. Ladle into glasses. Garnish with orange slices.nCombine the sugar, allspice and 12 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Turn off the heat and allow the mixture to steep for about 5 minutes. Strain and let cool to room temperature before using., ingredients: [One 750milliliter bottle Cabernet Sauvignon, One 12ounce bottle hard cider, 1 ounce Allspice Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Orange slices, for garnish, 12 cup sugar, 5 allspice berries], title: Mulled Cider Wine, picturelink: 7FTz9glzmAzl80cMwY8FZK6w7ukme0S}, 26651: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender but still firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.nMeanwhile, in a large, deep skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes. Stir until aromatic, 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until they soften, about 2 minutes. Using a fork, lightly mash the tomatoes. Add the wine and asparagus. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the shrimp and continue to simmer until the shrimp are cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the mint, basil, oregano, salt, and pepper.nPour the sauce over the pasta and toss to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound wholewheat linguine, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 large garlic cloves, chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, stemmed and halved, 12 cup dry white wine, such as pinot grigio, 1 pound asparagus, stalks cut on the diagonal into 1 to 1 12inch pieces, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: WholeWheat Linguine with Shrimp, Asparagus, and Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 26652: {instructions: Preheat grill pan or outdoor grill to mediumhigh to high heat.nCoat the fish in extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Cook fish for about 3 to 4 minutes on each side until firm, cooked through and evenly marked. Char bread on the grill 1 minute on each side.nWhile fish cooks, in the bottom of a medium bowl, combine anchovy paste, grated garlic, red pepper flakes, zest and lemon juice and whisk in 14 cup extravirgin olive oil. Add capers, olives, parsley and tomatoes. Toss and season with black pepper, to taste.nServe bread topped with lots of salsa and fish., ingredients: [4 6ounce halibut fillets, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling plus 14 cup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 1inch thick slices crusty bread, 1 12 teaspoons anchovy paste, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, grated, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 3 tablespoons capers, run your knife through them, 12 cup pitted black olives, chopped, 12 cup flatleaf parsley, coarsely chopped, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved or cherry tomatoes, quartered], title: Halibut with Raw Puttanesca Salsa, picturelink: d2SYwnNXNd..0S0xcPhfJ54bS0lYW}, 26653: {instructions: Combine the mustard, vegetable, and extravirgin olive oils in a cup with a pour spout.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the wasabi, lemon juice, rice vinegar, Dijon mustard, yuzu kosho, and soy sauce, and whisk well. Slowly add the oils, whisking constantly to emulsify. Taste for seasoning, add salt, and set aside.nPlace tuna in a glass or stainless steel bowl. Add the shallots and chives, and toss gently to combine. Drizzle about half of the vinaigrette over the tuna, and mix well. Let the tartar sit for 2 minutes taste for seasoning, and add more of the vinaigrette or salt, to taste. Leftover vinaigrette will keep, refrigerated, for 1 week.nTo serve: shape 16 of the tuna tartar into a disc and place it in the center of a serving plate. Arrange 3 dollops of seaweed salad around the disc and garnish with 3 potato slices. Top tuna with a small spoonful of caviar, if desired.nPlace the wakame in a mixing bowl, and soak it in tepid water for 20 to30 minutes. Remove from water, squeeze dry, and trim away the tough spine. Cut into thin strips, and place in a large mixing bowl.nIn a separate bowl, combine the vinegar, salt, sugar, and both oils. Pour the dressing over the wakame, add the chile peppers, and toss. Sprinkle with the sesame seeds.nPreheat an oven to 350 degrees. Peel the potatoes, and using a mandolin for best results you can thinly slice with a knife, but you will not get the crisscross pattern which makes these potatoes unique, slice them thin in a crisscross pattern with the zigzag part of a mandolin. Lay the slices onto a nonstick sheet pan, not overlapping, and brush them with clarified butter. Bake until crisp, about 12 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons mustard oil, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon wasabi powder, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon yuzu kosho, red, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, Salt, 12 ounces yellowfin tuna, cleaned and diced into 14inch cubes, 4 tablespoons finely diced shallots, 6 tablespoons finely sliced chives, Seaweed Salad, recipe follows, 18 gaufrette potatoes, recipe follows, 3 ounces paddlefish roe optional, 2 ounces dried wakame seaweed, 13 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 12 cup soy oil, 2 small red chile peppers, seeds removed and cut into thin strips, 4 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, 2 large baking potatoes, like russets, 2 tablespoons clarified butter], title: Yellowfin Tuna Tartare YuzuWasabi Vinaigrette and Sesame Seaweed Salad, picturelink: null}, 26654: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, heat the orange liqueur. Turn off the heat and add the cranberries, making sure all the cranberries are submerged in the liquid. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, mix together the cinnamon and the orange zest. Stir in the flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, mix together the eggs, butter, sugar, and vanilla. Add the dry ingredients and stir to combine. Add the apples, walnuts, and drained cranberries. Spoon the mixture into a lightly greased 8 by 8 by 2inch glass baking dish or 8inch cake pan. Bake until a wooden skewer inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, about 30 minutes.nTo serve, while still warm cut into squares or wedges and serve with ice cream., ingredients: [14 cup orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 14 cup dried cranberries, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 orange, zested, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 eggs, 8 tablespoons butter, melted, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups diced peeled apples about 2 apples, 12 cup chopped walnuts, toasted, Ice cream, for serving], title: Apple and Walnut Torta, picturelink: OgOQtlHyJ.iqQz65B4StXAKLixdrhlC}, 26655: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a colander in the sink, sprinkle cabbage with salt and toss to combine. Let sit about 1 12 hours or until cabbage wilts. Rinse several times with cold water and drain well. Squeeze out any excess water. Combine cabbage with carrots, radish and green onions. In a small bowl, mix together soy sauce, water, vinegar, garlic, honey and chile peppers. Place cabbage mixture in a clean glass jar or glass bowl about 1 quart or larger. Pour liquid over cabbage and place in refrigerator or cool dark place for 24 hours., ingredients: [12 medium head napa cabbage, uncored, roughly chopped about 1inch strips, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 cup julienned matchstick carrot, 1 cup julienned matchstick daikon radish, 2 green onions, split in 12, cut in 2inch sections, 34 cup tamari soy sauce, 12 cup water, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon honey, 4 dry hot chile peppers, split lengthwise and seeds removed], title: KimChee  Ks way, picturelink: RWdnl9ORphr9HbuSS3lgC5wWIRY3F7a}, 26656: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDissolve the salt and sugar in 2 gallons cold water in a large at least 16 quart stockpot or a clean bucket. You can also add fresh herbs like rosemary, thyme or bay leaf, or aromatics like onions and garlic. Add the turkey, cover and refrigerate, or set in a very cold place that stays somewhere between 32 to 40 degrees F for at least 12 hours and up to 24 hours.nRemove the turkey from the brine 1 hour before grilling. Rinse well under cold water and pat dry to remove the salt.nPrepare a charcoal grill for indirect grilling. The temperature inside the grill should be 350 degrees F.nPlace the turkey on the grill, cover and grill until an instantread thermometer inserted in the thigh registers 175 degrees F, 2 hours 15 minutes to 2 12 hours. Let the turkey rest 1 hour before carving., ingredients: [1 12 cups kosher salt, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 fresh turkey 12 pounds], title: Grilled Turkey, picturelink: XnSrsgPtYjvlB.qsH14kQXPLqLqg6}, 26657: {instructions: In a saucepan combine raisins, butter, water and cinnamon stick and bring to a boil. Stir in couscous, cover and remove from heat. Allow to sit for 5 minutes. Uncover and fluff couscous with a fork. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [14 cup raisins, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 cups water or homemade chicken stock with no salt, Cinnamon stick, 1 cup couscous], title: Couscous with Raisins, picturelink: null}, 26658: {instructions: Pile strawberries into 4 to 6 small dessert cups or glass dishes. Beat cream and sugar into soft peaks. Pile cream on top of berries and sprinkle chopped macadamia nuts on top., ingredients: [2 pints strawberries, halved or quartered, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 rounded tablespoon sugar, 1 cup macadamia nuts, chopped], title: Strawberries and Cream with Macadamia Nuts, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 26659: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add leek and apple and saute 4 minutes, until tender and golden. Add oregano, rosemary, and salt and pepper, to taste, and stir to coat. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and add bread cubes and chicken broth. Mix well and set aside.nUsing a sharp knife, slice pockets into chops by slicing horizontally into the side, and almost through to the other side. Season the outside with salt and pepper. Stuff chops with apple mixture, allowing stuffing to overflow out of pockets.nHeat remaining oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add pork chops and sear on 1 side until browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip chops and transfer to oven to finish cooking for 8 to 10 minutes, or until cooked through., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil, divided, 2 leeks, white part only, rinsed and chopped, 1 McIntosh or Granny Smith apple, cored and diced, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups unseasoned bread cubes or cut up dayold bread, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth or enough to moisten bread, 4 5ounce boneless pork chops, about 1inch thick, trimmed of fat], title: Stuffed Pork Chops, picturelink: zaV3DtSRclU5O6F2B44CZuhS5O6NK}, 26660: {instructions: For the brine: Combine the buttermilk, hot sauce, garlic, peppercorns and cayenne pepper in a large bowl. Submerge the quails in the brine and refrigerate for 12 hours.nHeat the oil to 300 degrees F in a deep pot.nCombine the flours, salt, black pepper, white pepper and cayenne pepper in a large bowl. Remove the quail from the brine and coat in the flour mixture. Fry the quail, 4 to 5 minutes., ingredients: [4 cups buttermilk, 14 cup hot sauce, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 whole quails, boneless and butterflied, Oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups selfrising flour, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon white pepper], title: Quail, picturelink: null}, 26661: {instructions: Sprinkle your rolling surface with a handful of flour or cornmeal. Place dough directly in the middle of the surface. Roll dough out gently 14inch thick, into either a 12inch rectangle or circle. Brush both sides with olive oil and set aside until ready to grill.nPlace dough in the center of the cooking grate, directly over the heat for one to three minutes, until the crust is well marked and browned. Flip dough and spread hoisin sauce evenly over cooked side of crust. Spread chicken, scallions, cilantro, and bell pepper evenly over crust. Sprinkle cheese over the top. Move to Indirect heat for charcoal: the side of charcoal grill that has no coals. For gas: turn off burner directly under pizza. Cover grill and cook for 5 to 10 minutes, or until bottom is well browned, and cheese is fully melted.nRemove from grill, season with salt and pepper, and slice. Serve immediately, ingredients: [1 4inch ball prepared dough, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup hoisin sauce available in the Asian section of most grocery stores, 2 grilled skinless, boneless chicken breasts, diced or equivalent amount of storebought BBQ chicken, or any leftover chicken,, 4 scallions, finely sliced, 23 lightlypacked cup cilantro leaves, stems removed before measuring, 12 red bell pepper, seeds and membranes discarded, sliced into paperthin strips, 1 cup grated mozzarella, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Chinese Chicken Pizza with Hoisin Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26662: {instructions: Make the Vinaigrette: In a bowl, whisk together herbs and vinegar. While whisking, drizzle in the oil to make a smooth dressing. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nMake the Quinoa Salad: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the quinoa and cook until tender. Strain and transfer to a bowl. Add the tomato, onion, parsley, oil, salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Set aside. The salad can be made up to 3 days ahead of time and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving.nMake the Salmon: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPeel and thinly slice the potatoes 18inch thick on a mandoline. Pulse the olives in a food processor until roughly chopped not pureed. Season the salmon with salt and pepper, arrange on a clean work surface, and coat the tops with the olive paste. Shingle the potato slices over the tops of the fillets, folding the slices down the sides. Season the potato slices with salt and pepper.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Place fillets in the skillet, potato sidedown, and cook until lightly brown. Using a spatula, flip the fillets and transfer them to a baking sheet. Bake the salmon to the desired temperature, 7 minutes for mediumrare or 15 minutes for mediumwell.nMeanwhile, make the Beurre Blanc: In a nonreactive saucepan, combine the wine, shallot, lemongrass, and peppercorns. Bring to boil and reduce the liquid to about 2 tablespoons. Remove the pan from heat and let cool until bottom of the pan is just warmnot hot. Return the pan to low heat and whisk in butter a few pieces at a time to form a smooth sauce the butter should emulsify, not melt. Strain through a sieve and keep warm.nWhen ready to serve, place some of the quinoa salad in center of 4 plates. Toss arugula in dressing and divide evenly among the plates. Place a salmon fillet on each plate and drizzle with beurre blanc and basil oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon mixed chopped fresh herbs, such as chives, thyme leaves, and parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon Champagne vinegar, 3 teaspoons basil oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound quinoa, 2 plum tomatoes, halved, seeded, and cut into a medium dice, 12 red onion, cut into a small dice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 russet potatoes, 12 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 7ounce boneless, skinless Alaskan salmon fillets, 14 cup olive oil, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon chopped shallot, 14 stalk lemongrass, chopped, 5 whole white peppercorns, 14 pound cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 bunches arugula, washed and dried], title: PotatoCrusted Alaskan Salmon with Arugula, Quinoa Salad and Lemon Beurre Blanc, picturelink: jmfcpeAEfppogi8FpDSDpYk9jIDBZy}, 26663: {}, 26664: {instructions: Brown the meat in a large skillet over medium heat, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove it from the heat and drain off the fat. Add the ketchup, barbecue sauce and mustards to the meat and stir to combine. Taste and add more of whatever you think it needs. Keep warm.nMelt 14 stick 2 tablespoons of the butter in a separate skillet over low heat, then add the bun cubes and toss to coat. Toast the croutons in the skillet over low heat for 10 to 12 minutes, adding 14 stick 2 tablespoons of butter every couple of minutes until youve used the whole stick. This will ensure all the croutons soak up the butter and toast nicely.nTo assemble: Pile some torn lettuce on each plate. Pile on a good quantity of the meat mixture, then top with plenty of grated Cheddar. Add diced tomato, chunks of pickles and slices of red onion over the top. Finish by sprinkling warm croutons all around the plate. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 13 cup ketchup, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons barbecue sauce, plus more if needed, 1 tablespoon Dijon or spicy mustard, plus more if needed, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, plus more if needed, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, 4 hamburger buns with sesame seeds, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 heads romaine or greenleaf lettuce, torn, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, 4 Roma tomatoes, diced, 8 dill pickle spears, cubed, 1 red onion, sliced], title: Cheeseburger Salad, picturelink: sRTMtp1G3UrN.Apu7MB0xMXwonhIjye}, 26665: {instructions: Combine vodka, orange liqueur, cranberry juice, and lime juice in a pitcher. Stir well and pour into 2 merlot glasses filled with ice. Score an orange from top to bottom in 14inch slices. Peel off and twist to make a garnish. Garnish drink with orange twist and serve., ingredients: [1 cup vodka, 1 cup orange liqueur, 2 cups white cranberry juice, 1 lime, juiced, Ice, 1 orange], title: Academy Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 26666: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large stockpot, add the onions, and saute over low heat for 10 minutes, or until the onions are translucent. Add the leeks, potatoes, carrots, salt, and pepper and saute over medium heat for another 5 minutes. Add the chicken stock and saffron, bring to a boil, then simmer uncovered for 30 minutes, or until all the vegetables are tender. Add the haricots verts and spaghetti, bring to a simmer, and cook for 15 more minutes.nTo serve, whisk 14 cup of the pistou into the hot soup, then season to taste. Depending on the saltiness of your chicken stock, you may need to add up to another tablespoon of salt. Serve with grated Parmesan cheese and more pistou.nPistou:n4 large garlic clovesn14 cup tomato pasten24 large basil leavesn12 cup freshly grated Parmesann12 cup good olive oilnPlace the garlic, tomato paste, basil, and Parmesan in the bowl of a food processor and puree. With the motor running, slowly pour the olive oil down the feed tube to make a paste. Pack into a container, pour a film of olive oil on top, and close the lid.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [2 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 cups chopped onions 2 onions, 2 cups chopped leeks, white and light green parts 2 to 4 leeks, 3 cups 12inchdiced unpeeled boiling potatoes 1 pound, 3 cups 12inchdiced carrots 1 pound, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 quarts homemade chicken stock or canned broth, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 12 pound haricots verts, ends removed and cut in 12, 4 ounces spaghetti, broken in pieces, 1 cup Pistou, recipe follows, Freshly grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Provencal Vegetable Soup, picturelink: IAOjU58OmSLph.F9V.IrCNhbMrxwGmG}, 26667: {instructions: PLACE grape tomatoes, bocconcini, proscuitto, olives and capers in large bowl.nWHISK together white wine vinegar, mustard, black pepper and sugar in small bowl. Slowly add olive oil in a steady stream, whisking while pouring. Whisk until dressing is well blended. Whisk in chives and oregano. Pour dressing over salad. Gently toss to combine.nREFRIGERATE, covered, several hours or overnight to allow flavors to develop, stirring occasionally. Season with additional black pepper if desired.nTRANSFER tomato mixture to a serving bowl using a slotted spoon. Garnish with fresh oregano sprigs, if desired. Serve., ingredients: [1 pt. grape tomatoes, halved, 1 6 oz. container Bocconcini small fresh mozzarella balls, drained, 1 paper thin slice proscuitto ham, finely chopped, 13 cup pitted kalamata olives, drained, 1 tbsp. capers, drained, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 2 tsps. Dijon mustard, 18 tsp. black pepper, Pinch of sugar, 34 cup Criscou00ae Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 2 tbsps. chopped chives, 2 tbsps. chopped fresh oregano], title: Mediterranean Salad, picturelink: null}, 26668: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the vegetable oil until the pan is filled halfway. Once the oil is hot, add the potato slices and onion, making sure they are wellcovered by the oil add more oil if necessary. Cook for 20 minutes until the potatoes and onions are soft. Drain the oil and combine the potato mixture with the eggs. Add the salt and mix well.nIn a 10inch by 2 12 inch deep nonstick skillet, add the olive oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Pour in the potato, egg, and onion mixture. Lower the heat to mediumlow and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, until the bottom of the omelet is very light brown. Using a flat ceramic plate, cover the frying pan and flip the omelet over onto the plate. Immediately slip the uncooked side back into the pan. Cook for another 4 to 5 minutes, until the other side is a very light brown.nRemove the omelet from the pan to a plate and cut into 4 wedges., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable oil, 4 potatoes, thinly sliced, 1 white onion, chopped, 4 eggs, scrambled in a large bowl, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Tortilla Espanola Spanish Omelet, picturelink: null}, 26669: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: Place sugar and water in a medium nonreactive saucepan over high heat and bring to a boil. Continue boiling until sugar has completely melted. Reduce heat to low, add the lemon wedges and cook slowly until almost soft. Remove with a slotted spoon and place on a baking rack. Let dry at room temperature overnight.nPlace lemon juice in a small nonreactive saucepan and cook until reduced to 14 cup, let cool.nPlace cooled lemon syrup, sherry vinegar, shallots and garlic in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Pour into a bowl and fold in the parsley.nFry capers in oil until crisp, about 1 12 minutes. Drain on paper towel.nFor the potatoes: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the potatoes with the oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Arrange the potatoes in an even layer in the bottom of 4 small cazuelas. Place in the oven and bake 34 of the way through.nFor the salmon: Remove the potatoes from the oven and reduce the heat to 250 degrees F. Lightly brush the salmon on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place the salmon on top of the potatoes and return the cazuelas to the oven. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes, until cooked through. Remove from oven and immediately drizzle with lemon vinaigrette, and sprinkle with chopped parsley and capers., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 34 cups water, 2 lemons, cut into eighths, 3 cups lemon juice, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped shallot, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 34 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup capers, drained, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced on a mandolin, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 salmon fillets, 6 ounces each, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Chopped flat leaf parsley], title: Slow Roasted Salmon with a Warm Preserved Lemon and Crispy Caper Vinaigrette and Thinly Sliced Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 26670: {instructions: Special equipment: skewers, soaked 30 minutes if wood or bamboonPlace the chicken in a bowl. Put the eggplant cubes in a separate bowl and add the peppers.nSprinkle the chicken with a third of the orange zest, and some oil, salt, pepper and red pepper flakes to taste. Toss well.nSprinkle the vegetables with another third of the zest, and some oil, salt, pepper and red pepper flakes to taste. Toss well.nPreheat a grill for cooking over mediumhigh heat. Build skewers, alternating chicken cubes with vegetables. Lightly oil the grill grates. Grill, turning once, until the chicken is cooked through and the vegetables are charred and tender, 2 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, place the mozzarella cubes in another bowl and sprinkle with the remainder of the zest, along with some oil, salt, pepper and red pepper flakes to taste. Toss well.nThread the mozzarella cubes on the tops and bottoms of each of the skewers. Drizzle with pesto and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 chicken breasts, cut into 1inch dice, 2 small eggplants, cut into 1inch dice, 15 baby red and yellow bell peppers, Zest of 2 oranges, Extravirgin olive oil, as needed, Salt and pepper, Red pepper flakes, for sprinkling, 2 pounds fresh mozzarella, cut into 1inch cubes, Pesto, for topping], title: Grilled Chicken and Mozzarella Pesto Skewers, picturelink: BoQg3mhgfYSMSoL90O8WUHBvV21pzhO}, 26671: {instructions: For the beans:nIn a large pot, soak beans overnight covered in water by 2 inches. Drain and set aside.nIn the same pot, heat the olive oil. Add the onion, jalapeno pepper, garlic, and bay leaf and cook until the vegetables begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the beans and cover with water by about 1inch. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, cover, and simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours, or until the beans are tender. Remove the bay leaf and discard. Taste the beans and season with salt and pepper.nFor the rice:nPut all the ingredients into a heavybottomed pot, stir well, and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover, and cook over low heat until the rice has absorbed the water, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered, for 5 minutes. Discard the garlic and bay leaf, fluff with a fork, and serve., ingredients: [2 cups about 1 pound dried black beans, picked over, soaked overnight, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium onion, diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups longgrain rice, 4 cups water, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 bay leaf], title: Spicy Black Beans and Yellow Rice, picturelink: qbasS7vhRNudxbnkAW7uqtXrol0W}, 26672: {instructions: Note: batter needs to sit for a day in the refrigerator before cooking Place the flour, sugar, and salt in a mediumsized bowl. Separate the eggs. Make a well in the ingredients and place the egg yolks in the well. Mix, adding the water and, gradually, the milk. Beat the egg whites to stiff peaks and gently fold them into the mixture. Add the lemon zest and the nutmeg, stirring to mix them in. Cover the bowl with a damp clean dish towel and place it in the refrigerator for a day.nWhen ready to prepare the fritters, heat the oil to 375 degrees in a heavy Dutch oven or deep fryer. Peel the pineapple, core and cut into 1inch pieces. With tongs, dip the pieces into the batter and fry them until they are golden brown on each side. Remove the fritters with a slotted spoon and let them drain on absorbent paper. Place them on a serving platter and sprinkle them with both the confectioners sugar and cinnamon by placing them into a small sieve and shaking it over the fritters. Serve warm, ingredients: [14 cup sifted flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch of salt, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons milk, 18 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Dash of nutmeg, Peanut oil for deep frying, 2 pineapples, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar with a pinch of cinnamon], title: Pineapple Fritters, picturelink: null}, 26673: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the whiskey, vermouth, cherry bitters and absinthe in a shaker with ice. Shake until chilled and strain into a rocks glass. Serve up, and garnish with the cherry and an orange peel. You may flame the oils of the orange peel before placing in the glass if desired, using a lighter., ingredients: [2 ounces rye whiskey, 1 ounce sweet vermouth, 2 dashes cherry bitters, 1 dash absinthe, 1 premium maraschino cherry, such as Luxardo, 1 orange peel], title: Classic Manhattan Cocktail, picturelink: 9Xqz542kwC5sAY7PxEl0O2W3.WXDhS}, 26674: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Combine cookie mix and flour in medium bowl. Add butter and egg. Mix until soft dough is formed. Wrap 13 of dough in plastic wrap. Chill for 1 hour.nPRESS remaining 23 dough evenly in bottom of rimmed 15 x 10inch baking pan. Spread raspberry preserves in 3 12 inch wide strip over dough. Repeat with apricot, blueberry and strawberry preserves creating four equal strips. Roll out chilled dough between lightly floured sheets of wax paper into 15 x 10inch rectangle. Cut 18 12inch wide strips with pizza cutter or knife. Freeze strips for 15 minutes.nPLACE chilled dough strips over preserves 12inch apart in diagonal lattice pattern, 9 in each direction. Trim edges of dough even with pan. Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until preserves begin to bubble in center. Let cool completely. Cut into 48 bars.nTWO FRUIT PIE BARSnPrepare recipe as directed except substitute 1 cup each of 2 varieties of preserves for the 4 12 cup portions of preserves. Spread in 4 alternating strips., ingredients: [1 17.5 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Sugar Cookie Mix, 12 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 cup butter, softened, 1 large egg, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Red Raspberry Preserves, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Apricot Preserves, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Blueberry Preserves, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Strawberry Preserves], title: Four Fruit Pie Bars, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 26675: {instructions: Clean the fillet of veal. You can ask your butcher to do this. Season with salt and pepper and brush all over with pesto sauce. Wrap the veal in the pork gut strings. Set aside.nTo make the aubergine puree. Peel the skin of the aubergine and set aside. In a large stockpot with 1inch of water and a steamer basket, place the aubergine and steam for 20 minutes. Remove and puree in a food processor. In a medium sized saucepan heat 1 tablespoon olive oil add the pureed aubergine, basil leaves, truffles, and shallots. Flavor the mixture with salt, pepper, and drizzle with more olive oil.nIn a medium sized saucepan, sear the fillet in olive oil until brown on all sides and cooked to desired doneness.nSave the veal pan drippings, keeping it in a small saucepan at low heat.nIn separate small skillet, pour enough olive oil to about 14inch deep and heat on mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot, fry the peels of the aubergine until crispy and browned. Drain on paper towels. Set aside.nTo serve, spoon 3 scoops of aubergine puree, 3 medallions of veal on top, and cover in veal sauce. Garnish with fried peels and black truffles., ingredients: [5 ounces fillet of veal, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 ounce pesto sauce, 1 pork gut strings, 12 aubergine eggplant, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling and frying, 4 basil leaves, 1 ounce black truffles, julienned, plus extra for garnish, 12 shallot, minced], title: Veal Medallions in a Basil Crust with Aubergine Puree, Parmesan Cheese, and Black Truffle, picturelink: null}, 26676: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic, chopped thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the garlic and onion are slightly golden, about 5 minutes. Add the wine and cook until mostly evaporated, about 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the breadcrumbs or matzo meal, parsley, chives, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl reserve 2 tablespoons for topping.nArrange onethird of the potatoes over the onion in the skillet. Sprinkle with half of the remaining crumb mixture top with another layer of potatoes. Repeat with another layer of the crumb mixture and potatoes. Pour the broth on top. Cover, bring to a boil and cook, undisturbed, 5 minutes.nUncover, sprinkle with the reserved crumb mixture, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt. Transfer the skillet to the oven bake until the potatoes are golden brown and crisp on top, about 45 minutes. Let rest 5 to 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, plus a few sprigs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup dry white wine, 14 cup breadcrumbs or matzo meal, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and sliced about 14 inch thick, 1 34 cups lowsodium chicken broth], title: Garlic Potato Gratin, picturelink: bPYw7ebv6aAWIPogPayY.OV5deRstqW}, 26677: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter just the sides of a 9inch round cake pan.nFor the caramel topping: Stir the sugar and 13 cup water in a medium saucepan over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Stop stirring, and gently swirl the saucepan occasionally until the mixture is the color of light amber, 6 to 8 minutes. If needed, brush any sugar crystals off the side of the saucepan with a wet pastry brush. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and carefully whisk in the butter take care: the mixture can bubble up considerably. Pour the caramel into the prepared cake pan, tilting the pan to cover most of the bottom be careful: the pan will be very hot from the caramel. Arrange the figs, cutside down, on the caramel.nFor the cake: Spread the hazelnuts out on a baking sheet, and bake until nicely toasted, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, then pulse in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer to a large bowl and whisk them together with the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Set aside.nBeat the butter and brown sugar with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating to incorporate after each addition and scraping down the side of the bowl as needed, then beat in the vanilla and lemon zest its okay if the batter looks slightly separated and broken. Adjust the mixer speed to low, and add 12 the flour mixture, then the sour cream, then the remaining flour mixture.nPour the batter over the figs in the cake pan, spread it into an even layer and give the pan a few taps on the counter. Bake the cake until its golden brown and pulls away from the edge of the pan and a toothpick or cake tester comes out clean when inserted in the center, 45 to 50 minutes. Run a knife around the edge of the cake to separate it from the pan. Let the cake cool in the pan on a wire rack until just cool enough to handle, 20 to 30 minutes. Invert a serving platter over the cake pan and, while holding them together, quickly flip them over so the cake unmolds, figside up. Let cool completely. Cut into wedges, and serve., ingredients: [23 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 12 to 16 large fresh figs, halved lengthwise, 12 cup hazelnuts, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 cup sour cream], title: UpsideDown FigandHazelnut Cake, picturelink: jpOYVkH1FjfRHUQQZvbXebMjkE7.X1O}, 26678: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high and brush the grates with vegetable oil. Toss the scallops with the olive oil and curry powder in a large bowl season with salt and pepper. Thread the scallops, cherry tomatoes and squash onto eight 10inch skewers.nCombine the melted butter and ginger in a small bowl. Grill the kebabs, covered, turning once, until marked and cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the grill and brush with the ginger butter. Sprinkle with the cilantro and serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for the grill, 1 12 pounds sea scallops, foot muscles removed, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon curry powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pint red or yellow cherry tomatoes, 1 yellow squash, quartered lengthwise and sliced 12 inch thick, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon grated peeled ginger, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Curried Scallop Kebabs with Squash, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 26679: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nPrepare ovendried tomatoes:nSkin the tomatoes by placing them in boiling water for 30 seconds and then plunging them right away in ice water. This will help you remove the skin without cooking the tomatoes. Using a paring knife, peel the skin off the tomatoes and then cut them in 12 lengthwise. Place the tomatoes in a bowl, sprinkle with alt and add the thyme and 2 ounces of olive oil. Arrange the tomatoes with the thyme sprigs on a nonreactive baking pan. Leave enough space around the tomato halves so they dont touch, allowing air to circulate and dry them out. Put them in a 300 degree F oven to dry for 2 hours.nPrepare the garlic:nPlace the garlic cloves in a small pot and cover with 2 cups of olive oil. Simmer very slowly for 40 minutes, until the garlic is soft. Remove them from the oil and set aside at room temperature.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPrepare the eggplant:nSlice the eggplant into 1inch rounds. Put them in a bowl and sprinkle generously with salt. Drizzle olive oil over them and toss. Arrange the rounds on a baking pan, leaving enough space between each slice so that they cook evenly. Bake until they are soft and slightly brown, about 30 minutes.nPrepare the pasta:nIn a large pot, bring to a boil 4 quarts of salted water. Add the rigatoni and cook until al dente or even slightly undercooked, about 6 to 8 minutes. Since the pasta will be cooked in the oven, its important not to overcook the pasta in the boiling water. Drain the pasta in a colander and toss with a little olive oil to prevent them from sticking. Set aside.nAssemble and bake dish:nRaise oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the pasta, eggplant, tomato, garlic, scallion and basil and mix well. Add the ricotta and toss gently so that the ingredients are distributed among the pasta but that the ricotta is not completely mixed through. The idea here is to have distinct and differing flavors, so it is important that the ricotta be spread in roughly tablespoon size pieces. Season, if necessary, with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nTransfer to a large greased earthenware or glass baking dish. Sprinkle with Parmesan and bake in the oven until the pasta is brown and crisp on top, about 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 Roma tomatoes, Sea salt and fresh ground black pepper, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 ounces olive oil, plus 2 cups olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 2 heads garlic, cloves peeled, 2 Italian eggplants, 14 pound dried rigatoni, 2 scallions, cut into 14inch slices, 1 bunch fresh basil, leaves only, 1 cup fresh ricotta cheese, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Baked Rigatoni with Roasted Eggplant and Tomato, picturelink: 7sS9nNQ068FHH1rYRcX1t.w2PZQ.b1K}, 26680: {instructions: HEAT oven to 400 degrees F. Combine powdered sugar and shortening in a large bowl beat on medium speed until light and fluffy. Beat in egg, salt, water, vanilla and almond extracts. Using a spoon, stir in flour until well mixed.nFIT cookie press with desired template. Fill cookie press press dough onto ungreased cookie sheets. Sprinkle with colored sugar, if desired.nBAKE 7 to 9 minutes or until set, but not brown. Cool one minute. Remove to cooling rack., ingredients: [1 cup powdered sugar, or 1 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 1 large egg, 14 tsp. salt, 1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 2 tbsps. water, 34 tsp. vanilla extract, 12 tsp. almond extract, 2 13 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, Colored sugar crystals, if desired], title: Spritz Cookies, picturelink: tVBp1Uo0gVt.cpW.iM0apkuUbAAx7a}, 26681: {instructions: For the pesto: Finely chop the parsley and garlic. Add the zest, herbs, lemon juice, pepper, coriander seeds and salt to taste to a bowl and mix. Add the parsley and garlic. Blend until a fine paste, while slowly adding the olive oil. For the sandwich: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium heat. After the pesto is completed, throw your nice slices of bread on the grill. Layer all of the sandwich ingredients on one slice of the bread, mozzarella first. After about 5 minutes, the mozzarella should be melted and the bread should have a nice crispness with some darker caramelization. Put the other slice of bread on top, and enjoy This recipe was provided by a professional chef or restaurant and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 bunches fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, 4 cloves garlic, Zest of 12 a lemon, Sprig fresh oregano, leaves picked, Sprig fresh thyme, leaves picked, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon coarsely cracked pepper, 1 teaspoon toasted coriander seeds, 10 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, 2 slices thickcut French bread sourdough or another quality sliced bread can be substituted, 1 tablespoon shredded fresh mozzarella, 1 ripe heirloom tomato, sliced, 1 12 teaspoons parsley salad finely chopped parsley, garlic, pepper and scallions], title: The Caprese, picturelink: null}, 26682: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add lobster, lower the heat and cook for about 8 to 10 minutes with the vinegar, laurel and pepper.nRemove the loin of the lobster and cut it into medallions. Then prepare the lettuce bouquet and the papaya and kiwi pearls. To finalize add the sauce composed by ketchup, mayonnaise, salt, pepper and brandy., ingredients: [About 1 pound baby lobster, Salt, Splash vinegar, Laurel leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, Lettuce, for decoration optional, About 5 ounces papaya, About 5 ounces kiwi, About 18ounce ketchup, About 14ounce mayonnaise, About 12 cup brandy], title: Lobster Medallions, picturelink: null}, 26683: {instructions: Combine the almond milk, oats, chocolatehazelnut spread, espresso powder, banana and ice in a blender. Blend on high until completely blended and smooth. Pour and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup almond milk, 14 cup oldfashioned oats, 2 tablespoons chocolatehazelnut spread, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 1 banana, sliced, 2 cups ice], title: ChocolateHazelnut Smoothie, picturelink: CkCQxL6HJE..oiu2QbfFBellD4DCidi}, 26684: {instructions: In a food processor, combine flour, sugar, salt and baking powder in bowl fitted with metal blade. Pulse 3 times at 1second intervals to mix. Add butter to work bowl and pulse about 15 times until mixture is fine and powdery and resembles coarse ground cornmeal and no large pieces remain. Add the eggs and pulse ten times or so, until the dough forms a ball. Scatter a teaspoon of flour on the work surface and scrape the dough out onto it. Press and knead the dough quickly 3 or 4 times, until it is smooth and uniform. Press the dough into 2 equal disks. Sandwich the disks of dough between two pieces of plastic wrap and press into a 6inch circle. Refrigerate the dough until firm, or until you are ready to use it, at least 1 hour.nTo make the filling, pit the cherries over a bowl. Slash the side of each one with a stainless steel paring knife and squeeze gently to extract the pits. Put the cherries in the bowl as they are pitted. When all the cherries have been pitted drain the juices from the bowl into a nonreactive saucepan and add 1 cup of the cherries and the sugar. Bring to a simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is melted and the mixture is very liquidabout 5 minutes. Combine the cornstarch and water in a small bowl and whisk the cherry and sugar mixture into it. Return to the pan and cook, stirring constantly, over low heat, until it comes to a boil thickens and becomes clear. If it does not become clear, continue to cook over low heat an additional few minutes until it does. Pour into a large bowl and stir in the remaining filling ingredients, except the cherries then add the remaining cherries. Set racks at the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees. Roll out the bottom crust and arrange in pan. Pour the cooled filling into the bottom crust. Prepare a diagonal lattice top crust. Flute the edge of the pie and carefully brush it with egg wash. If you wish, sprinkle the top the pie with sugar. Place the pie in the oven an and lower the temperature to 375 degrees. Bake for about 40 minutes, until the crust is baked through and a deep golden brown and the filling is gently bubbling. If the top crust has not colored sufficiently after 30 minutes, move the pie to the upper rack of the oven for the last 10 minutes. Cool the pie on a rack. Serve wedges of pie alone or with ice cream. Keep the pie at room temperature on the day it is baked. For longer storage, refrigerate the pie well wrapped in plastic. To reheat remove the plastic and bake the pie at 350 degrees for about 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose bleached flour, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces, 2 large eggs, Sweet Dough for a 2crust pie, recipe follows, 3 pints fresh sour cherries, stemmed, rinsed and picked over, 34 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 egg well beaten with a pinch of salt, 1 teaspoon sugar for finishing the top of the pie, optional, One 9inch Pyrex pie pan], title: Once a Year Cherry Pie, picturelink: null}, 26685: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a large flat casserole, heat oil. Add onions and sweat until translucent. Add flour and combine well with oil and onion. Add the rest of the vegetables and sweat together. Season mixture with salt and pepper. Add garlic and cumin. Add broth and boil for 3 minutes. Transfer mixture to a baking casserole.nPrepare pastry dough:nIn a bowl combine flour, baking powder and salt with a fork. Work in butter with hands until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in milk. Sprinkle workspace with flour. Lay out dough and work to size of baking dish.nPlace dough over casserole. Bake 45 minutes, until browned. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons cold butter, cut into chunks, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, diced about 1 cup, 2 tablespoons flour, 4 fresh green poblano peppers, roasted, peeled and julienned, 1 large turnip, peeled and diced, 3 carrots, sliced about 2 cups, 2 leeks, white part only, washed and diced, 1 cup Italian plum tomatoes, chopped coarsely, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons ground cumin seed, 1 cup vegetable broth], title: Green Chili Vegetable Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 26686: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPut a sheet pan in the oven so that it gets good and hot.nPlace the bread slices on the hot sheet pan. Drizzle the bread with the extravirgin olive oil bake for 5 minutes, until the bread is nicely toasted. Rub the bread slices with the garlic cloves, and discard garlic. Sprinkle with parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 loaf peasant bread, sliced into 12inch pieces, Extravirgin olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, halved, Chopped parsley leaves], title: Toasted Peasant Bread, picturelink: C46fzIJuABdgMm6T13bVFCdaZ70VP3q}, 26687: {instructions: Combine the roasted poblanos and tomatillo salsa in a blender of food processor. Puree until smooth. Add the pureed chile mixture to the masa dough and mix well to combine. Reserve at room temperature. Follow method of filling and steaming as in Turkey Tamale recipe.nIn a blender place tomatillos, jalapenos and water. Puree until just chunky. Add remaining ingredients and puree about 2 minutes more, or until no large chunks remain. This salsa keeps in the refrigerator, in a covered container, about 3 days., ingredients: [1 recipe Mesa Dough, 4 Poblano chiles, roasted, peeled and seeded, 13 cup Tomatillo Salsa, 18 ounce package dried corn husks soaked in hot water at least 2 hours or overnight, 1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and cut into quarters, 4 large jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded, if desired and roughly chopped, 12 cup cold water, 12 medium onion, cut in half, 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Green Chile Tamales, picturelink: null}, 26688: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine cold water enough to cover the chicken breasts and 2 tablespoons salt. Place the divided chicken pieces in the salted water brine and let stand for approximately 45 minutes. Remove the chicken pieces from the brine and rinse thoroughly under cold water. Slice each breast on the bias into 4 thin slices. Heat oil in a large skillet on mediumhigh heat. Pan sear the chicken about 1 minute on each side until golden. Remove from heat.nMelt 2 tablespoons of butter with 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil in a medium skillet on medium heat. Add the sliced shiitake mushrooms and saute until crispy. Remove the mushrooms with a slotted spoon and place them on a paper towel to remove excess oil. Season the mushrooms with salt and freshly ground pepper.nCut a small hole in the middle of each raw potato slice for the rosemary pick. Pour at least 2 inches of oil in a medium pot and heat until the oil begins to smoke. Carefully place the potato slices in the oil 2 or 3 at a time. Turn potatoes occasionally so they brown evenly. Remove the potatoes when they are tendercrisp and allow the excess oil to drain on a paper towel. Season, to taste, with salt.nPour 2 cups of chicken stock into a medium pot. Add the chicken carcass, shiitake mushroom stems, marjoram and sage. Let simmer until reduced by 12. Strain the reduced stock with cheesecloth or a fine mesh strainer into a small saucepan and place on low heat. Add the gelatin from the pate to the pan and stir until it dissolves. Gently stir in 2 tablespoons of butter. Do not boil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nPlace a crispy potato slice on each plate. Top each potato with 1 slice of chicken. Spoon about 2 tablespoons of duxelle onto the chicken. Using a sharp knife, slice a thin piece of pate and place on top of the duxelles. Place a second potato slice on top of the duxelle and repeat the process for each plate. Top each stack with the third slice of potato. Secure the stack with a pick of rosemary take a 4inch piece of rosemary and gently remove the bottom 2 to 3 inches of leaves, leaving 1 to 2 inches of rosemary leaves on each pick.nCook the shallots in butter in a medium sized pan, on low heat. Add the chopped mushroom to the shallots and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the mushrooms render liquid. Remove from the pan and puree the mixture in a food processor.nReturn the pureed mushroom mixture to the pan. Add heavy cream. Reduce the cream until the mixture is pasty.nRemove from heat and add parsley and thyme. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 whole freerange chicken, divided into 2 boneless breasts, 2 wings, 2 legs and 2 thighs, Reserve carcass for sauce, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 large russet potatoes, thinly sliced lengthwise, 8 ounces white truffle pate, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems reserved and caps thinly sliced, Vegetable oil, for frying, Whole, unsalted butter, Salt and pepper, Duxelle, recipe follows, 1 shallot, finely chopped, Whole, unsalted butter, for sauteing, 1 portobello mushroom, chopped, Salt and pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons parsley leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon thyme leaves, chopped], title: FreeRange Chicken Wellington Stack with Crisp Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 26689: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot over high heat, bring water to boil for noodles.nIn a large straightsided frying pan over mediumhigh heat, whisk together all ingredients except fish and noodles. Bring to boil reduce to simmer. Add tilapia fillets, cover, and poach for 10 minutes.nAdd udon noodles to rapidly boiling water and cook for 6 to 8 minutes for thin udon and 10 to 12 minutes for thicker udon. Serve udon in a bowl with miso broth. Top with poached tilapia and chopped scallions., ingredients: [1 32ounce container vegetable broth, 3 tablespoons miso paste, 1 cup sake or white wine, 3 12 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and sliced, 3 scallions, sliced diagonally into 12inch pieces, plus chopped scallions, for garnish, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 pound tilapia fillets, 12 ounces udon noodles], title: Udon Noodles with Miso Poached Tilapia, picturelink: hK45Vj4LrUjQnyMEOkgHhpoYZ79Li}, 26690: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Pour the tomatillo salsa into a food processor or a blender. Add the Poblano chiles, lettuce leaves, cilantro, scallions, garlic, water and salt and process until liquified. Set aside. In a medium skillet heat vegetable oil over mediumlow heat. Add rice, stirring constantly, until golden and crackling, about five minutes. Pour in the reserved green puree and stir to combine. Transfer to a 4quart baking dish, cover with foil and bake until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, 30  35 minutes. Stir with a fork and serve hot.nIn blender place tomatillos, jalapenos and water. Puree until just chunky. Add remaining ingredients and puree about 2 minutes more, or until no large chunks remain. This salsa keeps in the refrigerator, in a covered container, about 3 days., ingredients: [1 recipe Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows, 6 Poblano chiles, roasted, peeled and seeded, 5 Romaine lettuce leaves, 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves, 4 scallions, white and green parts, 6 garlic cloves, peeled, 12 cup cold water, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 cups longgrain rice, rinsed, 1 pound tomatillos, husked, washed and cut into quarters, 2  4 large jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded if desired and roughly chopped, 12 cup cold water, 12 medium onion, cut in half, 2 bunches cilantro, stems and leaves, 2 teaspoons salt], title: Green Rice, picturelink: null}, 26691: {instructions: Tomato mushroom sauce: Saute the garlic and shallots in olive oil until tender, about 4 minutes. Add the corn, mushrooms, and demiglace and bring to a simmer. Reduce by 14. Add tomatoes and remove from heat. Swirl in whole butter and add salt and pepper, to taste.nToms Steak Fries: Place potato in salted, cold water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for approximately 20 minutes. Drain and cool potato. Quarter and deepfry until golden brown. Season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble dish: Place grilled steak in the center of the dish. Spoon vegetables and sauce over the steak. Top with spinach and onion and drizzle with A1 dressing.nMix together all of the ingredients, to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 12 cup corn kernels, 2 blue foot mushrooms, sliced substitute white mushrooms or shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup demiglace, 6 sun gold tomatoes, halved substitute: any yellow cherry tomato, 6 sweet 100s tomatoes, halved, 1 tablespoon whole butter, 1 Idaho potato, 1 cup raw spinach, 1 red onion, julienned, A1 Ranch Dressing, recipe follows, 8 ounces grilled sirloin steak, 1 cup ranch dressing, 14 cup A1 steak sauce, 2 tablespoons pommery mustard, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Sirloin Steak with Summer Vegetable Ragout and Steak Fries, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 26692: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRub the bottom of a shallow baking dish with cold butter. Arrange salmon in dish. Season the fish with salt and pepper. Add broth and a few sprigs of dill to the pan. Roast the fish 12 to 15 minutes.nCombine sugar, salt and vinegar in the bottom of a medium bowl. Add chopped onions, chopped cucumber and radishes. Sprinkle in 3 tablespoons chopped dill and toss the mixture to coat in vinegar, sugar and salt.nRemove fish from the oven. Spoon pan juices over fish and carefully transfer to individual plates or platter. Top fish with relish and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon cold butter, 4 portions, 6 to 8 ounces each, salmon fillets, Salt and pepper, Several sprigs plus 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 cups chicken broth or water, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup white vinegar or white wine vinegar, 1 small vidalia onion, chopped, 12 seedless cucumber, chopped, 2 radishes, chopped], title: Oven Poached Salmon a la Paige with Dill, Vidalia Onion and Cucumber Relish, picturelink: wV63aNFR.TNKmhShjQsGYsKnJSjak2}, 26693: {instructions: To begin: Cut the breasts from the chickens and refrigerate them until you are ready to use them.nFor the Broth: Put the rest of the 2 chickens into a large pot. Cover them with cold water. Bring the water to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, but do not let it boil. Skim off any fat and scum that rises to the surface. Once the water is simmering add the carrot, celery, onion, garlic, bay leaves, peppercorns, and white wine. Simmer slowly for 3 to 4 hours. Remove the chicken from the pot, set it aside to cool, cover, and refrigerate it. Strain the broth through a fine mesh strainer and refrigerate until ready for use. The broth can also be frozen.nFor the Poached Breasts: Season the breasts with salt and pepper. Place each breast into a small resealable plastic bag. Divide the butter, thyme, wine, garlic, and chicken broth evenly into the bags. Press out all of the air and seal the bags tightly. Keep refrigerated until ready to cook.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat and bring it to a simmer. Add the bags to the water and submerge them dont let the plastic catch the rim of the pan or they will melt. Poach them, stirring occasionally, until the chicken is firm and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove the bags from the water and serve the chicken immediately, using the liquid in the bags as the sauce.nFor the Salad: Pick the meat from the cooled chicken, discarding the skin and bones. Cut the meat into small pieces and put them into a bowl. Add the celery, onion, celery leaves, parsley, mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar, and salt and pepper, to taste. Mix until everything is evenly blended. Serve with salad leaves or make a sandwich., ingredients: [2 3pound chickens, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 onion, quartered, 2 garlic cloves, 2 bay leaves, 10 black peppercorns, 1 cup white wine, 4 chicken breasts, boneless and skinless See Cooks Note, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 14 cup white wine, 2 garlic cloves, halved, 1 tablespoon chicken broth, 4 cups chopped, cooked chicken, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon finely chopped celery leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken, Three Ways, picturelink: 5s.FkDl7FROdisyvfwwnm1z4vPoYpW}, 26694: {instructions: Crust: Combine all the ingredients in a bowl and toss until thoroughly combined. Press the mixture into the bottom of a 10inch spring form pan and refrigerate.nDense Mousse: Melt the semisweet chocolate and the butter together in the top of a double boiler over mediumlow heat. Let cool slightly, then whisk in the egg yolks. Whisk in the malt powder. Keep warm. In the bowl of a mixer, whip the egg whites until they form soft, droopy peaks. Still whipping, add the sugar in a thin stream and whip until the mixture is stiff and glossy. Fold into the chocolate mixture. Pour into the pan and smooth the top with a rubber spatula. Refrigerate.nLight Mousse: Melt the chocolates together in the top half of a double boiler over mediumlow heat. Let cool slightly. Meanwhile, in a mixer, whip the cream until it forms soft peaks and chill. In a mixer, whip the egg whites until they form soft, droopy peaks. Still whipping, add the sugar in a thin stream and whip until the mixture is thick and glossy. A third at a time, fold the egg whites into the chocolate mixture. You may need to whisk, not fold, the first third if the mixture is very thick.nFold the whipped cream into the mousse. Pour over the dense mousse and smooth the top with a rubber spatula. Chill until set, at least 3 hours or up to 1 day. To turn the pie out of the pan, warm the sides with a torch and remove the walls. Slice with a knife dipped in hot water and serve with warm chocolate sauce, if desired.nCombine chocolate, place over double boiler, stir until melted. Whisk in syrup and water, incorporating well. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups finely ground chocolate sandwich cookies filling and all, 12 cup chopped unsalted cashew nuts, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 5 large eggs, separated, 23 cup malt powder, 2 12 tablespoons sugar, 5 ounces semisweet chocolate, 1 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 1 14 cups heavy whipping cream, 6 egg whites, 14 cup sugar, Serving Suggestion:Glossy Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 7 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 3 ounces corn syrup, 12 cup hot water], title: Mmmmmmmud Pie, picturelink: LXb7AE4qAW1MCwQAd1F.7f.bHVdTCLu}, 26695: {instructions: Line six 3inch muffin or custard cups with paper cupcake liners.nIn the top of a double boiler or a stainless steel mixing bowl set over a pot of simmering water do not let the water touch the bottom of the bowl, whisk together the egg whites and sugar. Continue to whisk gently until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is warm to the touch test it with a clean finger. Remove from the heat and, with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed, beat the mixture until white and fluffy and completely cool.nIn a medium bowl, combine the cream and vanilla and, with the same beaters, whip until soft peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the beaten egg whites until completely incorporated, then fold in the almonds. Spoon the schiumone into the prepared cups and freeze for at least 3 hours., ingredients: [2 egg whites, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 1 cup almonds, toasted and chopped], title: Frozen Vanilla Mousse Schiumone, picturelink: null}, 26696: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPut the bacon in a small skillet and cook over medium heat until rendered and just crisp and not black, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel to drain. Reserve some of the bacon fat.nBrush the corn lightly with the bacon fat and put on a baking sheet. Roast the corn, turning once or twice, until the some of the kernels get a little burnished, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool. Alternatively, the corn can be cooked on a hot grill for about 10 minutes.nDice and chunk up the tomatoes  its kind of great if they arent all uniform. Put the pieces into a big salad bowl and season with salt and pepper. Dont be shy  tomatoes come alive with salt and pepper. Strip the leaves off the thyme sprigs right into the tomatoes. Toss together lightly and set aside to get juicy.nWhisk the vinegar, mustard, 14 teaspoon salt and some pepper in bowl. Gradually whisk in the olive oil to make a smooth dressing.nSlice the kernels off the cobs add to the salad with the bacon. Add the arugula, season with salt and pepper and toss lightly to combine. Serve., ingredients: [3 thick slices bacon, cut crosswise into lardons 12inch chubby pieces, 3 ears corn, shucked, 2 pounds mixed colors and sizes heirloom tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 healthysize sprig fresh thyme, 4 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 cups baby arugula or other baby lettuces about 8 ounces], title: Bacon, Arugula, Tomato and Roasted Corn Salad, picturelink: null}, 26697: {instructions: Trim greens of any tough stems. Wash and dry.nMelt butter in a medium saute pan over high heat. Saute the corn for a couple of minutes, add the okra, salt and pepper. Cook until it begins to wilt, about 23 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [4 bunches okra greens beet greens, dandelion, mustard, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 ears of corn, cut off the cob, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper], title: Okra Greens and Corn Saute, picturelink: null}, 26698: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the softened butter with chosen aromatics and seasonings and salt and pepper.nCarefully lift the skin from the meat and rub half of the seasoned butter directly on the turkey breast. Rub the rest of the seasoned butter on the skin. Season the turkey generously with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nScatter the vegetables on the bottom of a roasting pan just large enough to hold the turkey. Set the meat breastside up in the pan. Roast for about 2 hours or until an instant read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 160 degrees F. Transfer the turkey to a cutting board and tent loosely with foil for 20 minutes. The breast temperature will continue to rise as it rests. Carve the breast and serve with the pan juices.nRoasting times for a turkey breast cooked in a 325 degrees F oven:nUnstuffed, a 2 to 3pound turkey will cook from 1 12 to 2 hours.nUnstuffed, a 4 to 6pound turkey will cook from 1 12 to 2 14 hoursnUnstuffed, a 7 to 8pound turkey will cook from 2 14 to 3 14 hours if stuffed, it will cook in 3 to 4 hours.nLemon and Thyme: Season the butter with 3 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, and 1 teaspoon lemon zest.nHoney Glazed: Season the butter with 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, and 2 tablespoons honey.nSoy Ginger: Season the butter with 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, and 3 cloves garlic, minced., ingredients: [1 6 to 7pound turkey breast on the bone, rinsed and patted dry, 14 cup unsalted butter, softened, Aromatics and seasonings recommended: garlic, fresh herbs, citrus zest, spices, etc., Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 stalks celery, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 small carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 small onions, peeled and quartered, Roast Turkey Breast Variations, recipes follow], title: Roast Turkey Breast, picturelink: 0i2R4bxhsAq.MyCVhK2UemyM88Rn5Hi}, 26699: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place a baking rack on a sheet pan and arrange the bacon on the rack in a single layer. Bake for 15 to 25 minutes, until the bacon is browned and crisp. Drain on paper towels and set aside.nCombine the mayonnaise and ketchup in a small bowl and spread each slice of bread with about 1 tablespoon of the mixture and cover with a lettuce leaf. Place 3 slices of bacon on top of the lettuce and then add a layer of tomato slices on top of the bacon. Slice half of the breast of the rotisserie chicken in thick pieces and place a slice of chicken on top of the bacon. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Reserve the remaining chicken.nSpread each of the remaining 4 slices of bread with 1 tablespoon of the mayonnaiseketchup mixture and place, dressing side down, on the sandwiches. Cut in half and serve., ingredients: [12 thickcut slices smoked bacon, 12 cup good mayonnaise recommended: Hellmans, 12 cup ketchup, 8 slices good white bakery bread, cut 12inch thick, 4 to 8 tender green lettuce leaves, washed and spun very dry, 2 large ripe tomatoes, thickly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 rotisserie chicken], title: CBLTS, picturelink: ZU9YtqxJgSK6.WLFlOzaPRgFAu6PSu}}