{2400: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 metal or wooden skewers if wooden, soaked in water for 30 minutesnAdd the lamb to a large gallonsize resealable plastic bag.nMix the olive oil, mint, white wine vinegar, garlic, salt, and pepper together in a measuring cup.nPour the marinade over the lamb, seal the top, and toss the lamb in the marinade, making sure its completely coated. Place in the refrigerator to marinate for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.nMeanwhile, to make the mint sauce: Add the mint, basil, capers, red pepper flakes, olive oil, white wine vinegar, salt, and pepper to a food processor. Pulse until smooth. Turn off and taste for seasoning, adding more salt and pepper, if needed. Remove to a bowl and refrigerate until serving.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. With a clean tea towel, lightly oil the grill grates.nRemove the lamb from the marinade, let excess drip off, and thread onto skewers.nSeason the lamb with salt and pepper. Grill for 8 minutes total for mediumrare, turning to cook all sides. Serve on a platter drizzled with sauce., ingredients: [2 12 pounds boneless leg of lamb, trimmed and cut into 1 12inch cubes, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped fresh mint, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Minted Lamb Kabobs, picturelink: XcEspfJDAWZE1R6Xj1pKdpQGXYXAk7a}, 2401: {instructions: Combine the olive oil, mustard, celery, scallions and apple in a small bowl. Mix well and season to taste with lemon juice, salt and pepper.nDivide the SouthofSomething Chicken and sauce among the buns. Top each with some slaw and close to make sandwiches. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the coriander, smoked paprika, cumin. 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon ground black pepper.nLightly coat the chickens with oil, then sprinkle generously with the salt and spice mixture.nCombine the tomatoes, garlic and onions in a large roasting pan and place the two chickens on top, breastside up. Roast until an instantread thermometer inserted in the thigh registers 160 degrees F, about 45 minutes as the chicken rests, the temperature will rise to 165 degrees F.nTransfer the chicken to a large carving board to rest, then place the roasting pan on the stovetop and bring the tomato mixture to a boil. Boil for 1 minute and season to taste with salt and pepper. Puree with a hand blender or transfer to a blender to process until smooth. Reserve the sauce and serve the chicken.nAfter serving the chicken, pull any remaining meat from the bones and mix with the sauce. Freeze in small containers for up to 3 months., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 ribs celery, thinly sliced, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 apple, cut into thin julienne strips, Fresh lemon juice, to taste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups SouthofSomething Chicken with sauce, recipe follows, reheated, 4 burger buns, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Two 3 12 to 5pound whole chickens roaster size, Olive or vegetable oil, as needed, One 28ounce can chopped tomatoes, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 cups minced yellow onions], title: Pulled Chicken Sandwiches, picturelink: aSGH52Zedv0L7LD7UQGxXCLAn5YfnrW}, 2402: {instructions: 12 mini soft dinner rolls, toastednIn a saute pan, over medium heat, add the olive oil. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Add the shrimp to the pan and cook for about 2 minutes on each side. Put in the refrigerator to chill down.nIn a large bowl, mix the remaining ingredients and set aside. Once the shrimp are cool, cut into pieces and add to the mayonnaise sauce. Cover and refrigerate to chill. Put equal amounts of shrimp salad on the rolls and top with Sweet Onion Jam., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound 1620 count large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 shallot, minced, 1 stalk celery, minced, 1 jalapeno, minced, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, Pinch cayenne, 12 cup mayonnaise, Sweet Onion Jam, recipe follows, when ready to serve., 2 red onions, thinly sliced, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup dry red wine, 12 cup sugar, Pinch salt, Pinch pepper, In a medium saucepan, add the onions, vinegar, wine, sugar and salt and pepper. Cook over low heat until reduced by half. The liquid will become syrupy. Stir in the lemon juice and season with more salt and pepper, if needed.], title: Mini Spicy Shrimp Salad Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 2403: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 cups hickory wood chips, soaked for 30 minutes, optionalnIn a large bowl, combine all ingredients except wood chips and mix well. Cover and let the mixture sit for 30 minutes in refrigerator. Form into 8 patties.nMeanwhile, preheat outdoor charcoal grill to mediumhigh heat. When coals are white, add soaked wood chips, if desired.nGrill burgers, turning once, to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for rare to mediumrare., ingredients: [1 pound lean ground beef, 1 pound ground chuck, 2 green onions, diced, 1 cup sundried tomatoes in oil, drained and finely chopped, 6 ounces crumbled herbed feta cheese, 1 cup baby spinach, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh dill, minced, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce], title: AuSome Burgers, picturelink: null}, 2404: {instructions: For the nests: Heat about 4 inches of vegetable oil to 340 degrees F in a 4quart saucepan. Use a saucepan that is taller than it is wide. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.nWhile the oil is heating, halve and rinse the leeks. Slice them thinly and put in a medium bowl. Peel the potatoes and use a mandoline to julienne them. To julienne without a mandoline, slice the potatoes about 18 inch thick, stack the slices, and slice 18inch thick. Toss the potatoes, butter, flour, salt and pepper with the leeks.nScoop about 1 cup of the potato mixture into a birds next frying basket and immerse in the hot oil until set and golden brown. Transfer to the paper towels and repeat with the remaining mixture.nFor the lobster salad: Combine the mayonnaise, mustard, lemon zest and juice, cayenne pepper, chives and tarragon in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Gently fold in lobster, fennel and celery. Taste and season with more salt and pepper, if necessarynTo serve, place a potato and leek nest in the centers of 4 plates. Mound a small bunch of frisee in the middle of the nests, and then top with some the lobster salad. Garnish with chives and caviar.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 large leeks, white parts only, 2 large russet potatoes, about 1 pound, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 lemon, zest finely grated and juiced, Pinch cayenne pepper, 14 cup chopped chives, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons fresh chopped tarragon leaves, 34 pound cooked lobster meat, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 large fennel bulb, trimmed and cored, finely diced, 1 rib celery, finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head frisee, cleaned and leaves separated, Black American caviar, for garnish, optional], title: Lobster Salad in Potato Leek Nests, picturelink: null}, 2405: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl.nPreheat grill pan. Season quail with salt and pepper to taste. Grill skin side down for 23 minutes until golden, turn over and brush with the glaze. Grill for 34 minutes longer, remove and brush with more glaze.nPlace sugar, water and cayenne in a small saucepan and cook over high heat until medium colored caramel. Add walnuts and toss to coat. Remove with a slotted spoon to a parchment lined baking sheet. Tangerine Vinaigrette 2 cups tangerine juice 1 cup orange juice 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped red onion 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder 1 tablespoon honey 1 teaspoon chipotle puree 34 cup olive oil Salt and freshly ground peppernPlace tangerine juice and orange juice in a small saucepan and cook until reduced to 14 cup. Place syrup, red wine vinegar, onion, garlic, chile powder, honey and chipotle in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nTangerinePomegranate Relish 2 tangerines, segmented 14 cup pomegranate seeds 1 jalapeno, finely diced 14 cup finely chopped red onion 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice 1 tablespoon olive oil Salt and freshly ground peppernCombine all ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste.nAssembly: Arugula Tangerine Vinaigrette Quail Relish WalnutsnPlace arugula in a large bowl and drizzle with some of the Tangerine Vinaigrette. Divide among 4 plates. Place 2 of the quail on top of arugula. Place a heaping tablespoon of the relish on top of the quail and around the plate. Sprinkle with the walnuts., ingredients: [Glaze, 14 cup pomegranate molasses, 1 heaping tablespoon prepared horseradish, drained, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper, Quail, 8 quail, deboned, Salt and pepper, Glaze, Spicy Glazed Walnuts, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, Pinch of cayenne, 12 cup toasted walnuts], title: Grilled Quail with Pomegranate Molasses and Horseradish Glaze with Spicy Walnuts and Tangerine Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 2406: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Position a rack in the center of the oven.nPlace the chocolate chips in a double boiler and melt over low heat, stirring constantly.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the sugar, flour, and salt until well combined. In a large mixing bowl, combine the eggs, buttermilk, and vanilla. Add the sugar mixture and mix with an electric hand mixer or whisk vigorously. With a rubber spatula, stir the melted chocolate into the batter.nPour batter into the piecrust you will have about 1 cup of leftover batter. Place pie in oven on middle rack. Bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes to 1 hour and 25 minutes, or until the pie is crisp on top and a knife inserted in the center comes out with just a bit of moist chocolate on it.nRemove from oven and cool completely. Let stand at least 1 hour before serving. If not eating immediately, refrigerate pie. This pie can be served warm or chilled. Garnish with storebought whipped cream just before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups chocolate chips, 1 12 cups sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 12 tablespoons vanilla extract, 1 premade storebought 9inch deep dish pie crust, Premade whipped cream, for garnish], title: Chocolate Buttermilk Pie, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 2407: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and grease and flour a 13 by 9inch baking dish. Place a layer of potato slices on the bottom of the dish and cover it with approximately 14 cup of sauce. In a mixing bowl, beat the eggs with the ricotta and Parmesan cheese and salt and pepper. Pour about half of the cheese mixture on top of the potatoes and sauce and place a layer of mozzarella on top of that. Continue layering the potatoes, sauce, cheese mixture, and mozzarella until all the ingredients are used up  you should end with a top layer of mozzarella cheese. Bake for about 45 to 50 minutes. The bottom layer of potatoes will be soft and the top layer will be a bit firmer. If you prefer a softer top layer, bake an additional 15 to 20 minutes, or cover during the initial baking, uncovering the last 10 minutes to brown the top.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut stem section from the pumpkin and remove seeds. Sprinkle inside with salt and cinnamon.nPlace hollowed pumpkin on a baking sheet in oven and roast for 20 minutes. Remove and fill with cornbread dressing recipe follows leaving 1 to 2 inches at the top for expansion. Increase oven temperature to 375 degrees. Place stuffed pumpkin in oven and bake for another 35 to 40 minutes or until pumpkin is tender, dressing is set and nicely browned on top.nCombine cornbread, toasted bread and crackers in mixing bowl. Pour stock into saucepan and add celery and onion. Bring to a boil and cook for 10 minutes, allow to cool. Add stock mixture to bread crumb mixture with beaten eggs, butter, sage, salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 large potatoes, peeled and sliced lengthwise, 2 cups marinara sauce, 2 large eggs, 15 ounces ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound mozzarella, 1 3 to 4 pound pumpkin, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 4 cups crumbled cornbread, 2 cups toasted bread, cut into 1inch cubes, 10 saltine crackers, 2 cups vegetable stock, 3 celery stalks, diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 large eggs, 12 stick butter, 1 teaspoon dried sage, Salt and pepper], title: Potatoes Like Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 2408: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace parchment paper on baking sheet.nMix together cheeses, parsley, egg yolk, garlic, pepper and Essence.nLay out the prosciutto on a flat surface so it overlaps slightly. It should create a surface that is about 12 to 13 inches long.nPlace the cheese mixture in the center of the prosciutto and roughly shape into a mummy form.nWrap the prosciutto around the cheese mixture sealing it in completely and reshape the mixture to look like a mummy with a rounded head and the body tapering at the bottom.nPlace a sheet of phyllo on a work surface, brush with melted butter, repeat with 2 more sheets, placing them on top of one another. Do not brush top sheet with butter.nLay the prosciutto wrapped cheese in the center of the phyllo and wrap the phyllo around the mummy.nButter the outside of the phyllo and then reshape into the mummy shape.nPlace 1 of the remaining sheets of phyllo on the parchment lined baking sheet, brush with melted butter, repeat with the remaining 2 sheets, placing them on top of one another.nCarefully slice the phyllo into 12inch wide strips horizontally. Lay the wrapped mummy in the center of the sliced strips and wrap the sliced pieces around the mummy so it looks like bandages. Gently brush the top with butter.nBake for 20 minutes, or until golden brown on the outside.nWhen the mummy is just a few minutes from coming out of the oven, place drained roasted red peppers, basil leaves, and garlic in the food processor and pulse grind into a pepper puree. Transfer to a small serving bowl.nDecorate the mummy with black olives and pepper shapes and transfer him to his coffin with 2 wide, long, offset spatulas.nServe with red pepper puree.nCombine all ingredients thoroughly and store in an airtight jar or container.nYield: about 23 cup, ingredients: [Parchment paper, 1 cup ricotta, drained, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a couple of handfuls, 12 pound fresh mozzarella, small dice, A handful of chopped flatleaf parsley, a couple of tablespoons, 1 egg yolk, beaten, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Few grinds black pepper, 1 teaspoon Essence, recipe follows, 12 pound thinly sliced prosciutto, about 10 slices, 6 sheets phyllo dough, from frozen foods aisle of your market, 12 stick melted butter, Black olives, for eyes, Red and green bell peppers, to cut into Egyptian shapes to decorate the mummy, 1 jar, 16 to 18 ounces, roasted red peppers, drained, 6 basil leaves, 1 small clove garlic, 2 12 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon dried leaf oregano, 1 tablespoon dried thyme], title: Yummy Mummy, picturelink: xEST1jNkOqE3n2iXu8LuxBrHoM0rnW}, 2409: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThoroughly grease a 9 by 13inch pan with softened butter.nIn a large pot, melt the butter. Stir in the regular marshmallows until theyre totally melted. Stir in the salt. Remove from the heat and set aside.nPour in the cereal, folding gently the whole time until all combined. Then pour in the mini marshmallows and gently fold in. Turn into the buttered pan and press flat. Immediately top with rainbow sprinkles.nLet cool completely, and then cut into squares., ingredients: [4 tablespoons salted butter, plus more for greasing, One 10ounce bag marshmallows, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 cups rice cereal, 1 bag mini white marshmallows, Rainbow sprinkles, to decorate], title: Marshmallow Crispy Treats, picturelink: ajtHIFu9ulNAq5Td1ZueaSzk3FLrhO}, 2410: {instructions: Bake the cake in a 13 by 9inch baking pan according to the packages directions. Pour pudding into a bowl and add milk and Kahlua mix well. Leave Heath bars in wrappers and pound with a hammer to crush.nIn a very large pretty Trifle dish or glass bowl, layer in this order:n12 the cake cubesn12 the pudding mixturen12 the whipped creamn12 the Heath barsnRepeat layers. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight., ingredients: [1 box Devils Food Cake Mix, 1 3.9ounce package instant chocolate pudding mix, 1 12 cups milk, 12 cup Kahlua, 6 1 18ounce Heath bars, frozen wrapped, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, whipped], title: Chocolate Toffee Trifle, picturelink: null}, 2411: {instructions: Shake the apple cider, brandy, lime juice and maple syrup for 15 seconds in a shaker with ice, and strain into a coupe glass. Garnish with a dash of cinnamon., ingredients: [2 ounces unfiltered apple cider, 1 ounce brandy, 1 ounce lime juice, 12 ounce maple syrup, Dash cinnamon], title: Early Autumn Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 2412: {instructions: Cut a 3 by 5inch template out of lightweight cardboard or stack several index cards together and wrap in plastic wrap leaving 1 side smooth and set aside. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or nonstick baking mats set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar for 1 minute. Add the vanilla, flour, and salt and mix until just combined, about 1 to 2 minutes more. On a lightly floured surface, roll dough out to 14inch thick. Place the smooth side of the template onto the dough and cut out 16 rectangles using a paring knife rerolling dough as needed. Transfer rectangles to prepared baking sheets using a wide spatula. Chill for at least 1 hour. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Bake cookies until they are just beginning to color and are lightly firm to the touch, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove to cooling rack let cool completely. Make the royal icing. Divide icing evenly between 4 bowls and cover each tightly with plastic wrap. Set 1 bowl aside for outlining the flag. Add red food coloring to one of the bowls and mix thoroughly, adding more food coloring, if necessary, to obtain desired color. Add 2 to 3 teaspoons of water to icing so that is loose enough to flow easily off the spatula when lifted and forms a ribbon that dissolves almost immediately. Replace plastic wrap to cover tightly. Repeat this process with 1 of the 2 remaining bowls of icing using blue food coloring. To the remaining bowl of icing add just the water and mix thoroughly. Recover all bowls tightly with plastic wrap. Transfer the reserved outlining icing to a small pastry bag fitted with a 5 tip. Pipe an even line on the outside edges of the cookie to outline. Pipe a vertical line 1 12 inches long 13 of the way from the left side of the cookie. Pipe a horizontal line from the left border to meet the bottom of the first line. This forms the outline of the field of stars. Pipe 3 horizontal lines evenly spaced from the original vertical line to the right side border, making sure the third line from the top is even with the corner of the field of stars. Pipe 3 more horizontal lines evenly spaced from left to right under the field of stars. Repeat this process on the remaining cookies. Reserve the icing in the pastry bag for the stars. Allow the icing to dry for at least 1 hour. Place the remaining 3 icings each into a squeeze bottle. Flood the field of stars with enough blue icing to fill the space evenly without overflowing. Use the tip of a small knife or a wooden skewer to push the icing completely into the corners. Using the same technique, flood every other stripe with the red icing. Let dry at least 2 hours. Flood the remaining 3 stripes with the red icing. Change the tip of the pastry bag with the reserved white icing to a 16 tip. Pipe as many stars onto the blue icing as will fit let dry. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 1 week.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine confectioners sugar and meringue powder or egg whites. Mixing on low speed, add a scant 12 cup water drop by drop. For a thinner consistency, usually used for flooding, add more water. A thicker consistency is generally used for further embellishing. Mix until icing holds a ribbonlike trail on the surface for 5 seconds when you raise the paddle. Yield: 2 13 cupsnNOTES: For dark colors such as black and red, start light and work towards a deeper color. Add color with a toothpick, a tip full at a time, mixing thoroughly with each addition. Color will fully develop as it sets, so wait about 1 hour for the final result. Mix in daylight to better see the true color of icing. Always use clean toothpicks with each new addition of food color. Food color has a long shelf life. Any contamination with perishable ingredients, however, will hasten spoilage. Cover each bowl of icing with a damp towel to prevent it from hardening or forming a skin. Work with clean piping tips to ensure application of the right color. Place a damp paper towel in the bottom of a juice glass to hold piping tips. Keeping tips damp when not in use will prevent icing from drying out and clogging the tip opening. Flooding: This is the process of coating the cookie with royal icing. Use a 1, 1.5, or 2 tip held 14inch above the cookie. Follow the outline of the cookie, leaving space along the edge for spillage. Fill in outline with icing. To close empty spaces, push icing in place with a clean toothpick., ingredients: [1 12 cups 3 sticks, unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 cups plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, Royal Icing, recipe follows, Super Red, Tulip Red, Royal Blue, and Violet paste food colorings, 1 pound box about 4 cups confectioners sugar, 5 tablespoons meringue powder or 2 large egg whites], title: Flag Cookies, picturelink: null}, 2413: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nIn a microwavesafe casserole dish, stir to combine cauliflower, soup, cayenne pepper, salt and shredded cheese. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave on high setting for 6 minutes.nIn a small bowl, combine grated Parmesan, bread crumbs, and olive oil. Remove cauliflower from microwave and remove plastic wrap. Spoon bread crumb mixture over cauliflower and broil for 1 to 2 minutes until top is golden brown. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 10ounce package frozen cauliflower florets recommended: Pictsweet, 1 10.75ounce can condensed Cheddar cheese soup recommended: Campbells, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup Mexican style shredded cheese recommended: Kraft, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan recommended: Di Giorno, 2 tablespoons Italian style bread crumbs recommended: Progresso, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Cheesy Cauliflower Gratin, picturelink: .IKzTbI4jOK5rn0tj9lebvJH3My4qc.}, 2414: {instructions: Mix the miso paste with the water and add the honey and lime juice. Marinate the fish in the mixture for 12 hours, in the refrigerator.nAbout an hour before cooking the fish, make the tortitas. In a large mixing bowl, and combine the potato, ricotta, softened butter, egg yolks, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Slowly add the flour, 1 spoonful at a time, while mixing all of the ingredients until a dough is formed. Roll the dough out flat, and cut out circles using a 4inch round cookie cutter. When you are ready to saute, heat a skillet and saute the circles some clarified butter until golden brown.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large pan heat the olive oil and saute the artichoke, carrots, shallots, bay leaves, thyme, and the pepperleaf. When tender, flambe with the tequila. Then add the white wine and cover with water. Simmer slowly until vegetables are almost cooked, about 15 minutes.nAdd the fish into the pot on top of the artichokes, cover, and cook for 10 minutes in the oven. Once the fish has been cooked, drain the juice from the pan, into a small saucepan, and reduce by half. Keep the fish and vegetables warm. Add the cream to the reduced sauce, and reduce again until the mixture thickly coats the back of a spoon. Add the butter at the end.nTo serve, place 14 of the pepperleaf chiffonade on the bottom of a plate. Add the artichoke stew in the center of a platter, add the fish on top, place a tortita on the side, and add the sauce around the plate. Garnish with the corn leaves, fried tomato skins, and miniature corn., ingredients: [1 cup miso paste, 1 cup water, 2 ounces honey, 1 tablespoon lime juice, Four 8ounce sea bass fillets, 3 ounces mashed potatoes, 8 ounces ricotta, 2 ounces butter, softened, 3 egg yolks, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, Salt and pepper, 2 12 ounces flour, 3 ounces clarified butter, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 16 fresh artichoke hearts, sliced lengthwise, 4 carrots, sliced lengthwise, 10 shallots, peeled and julienned, 2 bay leaves, 1 sprig thyme, 1 Hoja Santa pepperleaf, chiffonaded substitute 1 teaspoon fennel fronds or seeds and 5 black peppercorns, ground and mashed, plus 1 Hoja Santa pepperleaf, chiffonaded substitute the leaves from 1 sprig tarragon, for garnish, 12 ounce white wine, 2 ounces water, 1 ounce heavy cream, 1 ounce butter, 12 ounce tequila, Salt and pepper, 4 dried corn leaves, 4 fried tomato skins, 4 miniature corn], title: Sea Bass in Artichoke Stew, and Tequila served with Ricotta Tortita, picturelink: null}, 2415: {instructions: Line an 8 to 9inch square or round glass dish or bowl with ladyfingers. Douse with half of the liqueur, spray with a layer of whipped cream. Sprinkle with chocolate pieces and slivered almonds. Repeat this layering another time. After the second layering, spray a healthy shot of whipped cream on top. Dust with cocoa powder, garnish with raspberries and serve or chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 packages ladyfingers, 12 to 23 cup almond liqueur recommended: Amaretto, 2 canisters store bought whipped cream, 3 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate baking bar, finely chopped, 14 cup slivered almonds, Cocoa powder, for dusting, 1 pint raspberries], title: Almond and Chocolate Whipped Cream Trifle, picturelink: HJkZB3LvLr1zu8pEttgFP9Xx.sAqnqO}, 2416: {instructions: Preheat oven 425 degrees F.nIn a saucepan, melt the butter until slightly bubbly. Add the sugar and stir in with a wooden spoon. Once blended, add the vanilla and cinnamon stick and stir to combine and bring out the vanilla caviar. Continue simmering to make a caramel. Stir in the brandy and orange juice to deglaze the pan and continue cooking until it becomes a smooth caramel. Pour 2 ounces into the bottom of each of 6 ramekins, then place 4 pieces of apple in each 8ounce ramekin. Top off with a little more caramel and bake 15 to 20 minutes until almost tender. Top with rounds of puff pastry and bake another 10 to 15 minutes or until the pastry is golden brown. Let cool and turn upside down onto a plate to remove from ramekins., ingredients: [2 cups 4 sticks butter, 2 cups sugar, 1 vanilla bean split, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons vanilla brandy, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 12 green apples, peeled, halved and cored, 12 puff pastry disks], title: Apple Tart Tatin, picturelink: null}, 2417: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSift the flour and salt and pepper together in a large bowl. Beat the eggs and milk in a medium bowl. Alternately mix the milk mixture into the flour until a smooth dough is formed.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat Press batter thorough a spaetzle maker into the water. When the spaetzle float to the top of the water, remove them with a slotted spoon to an oven safe dish. After first layer of spaetzle, add a layer of Swiss cheese. Continue layering until all of the spaetzle and cheese have been used.nBake the spaetzle until the cheese is melted, about 30 minutes.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over low heat. Add the onions and cook until golden brown. Pour over melted spaetzle and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 eggs, 38 cup 2 percent milk, 2 cups shredded Swiss cheese, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, chopped], title: Spaetzle, picturelink: bW1ds0wrRDAIvzzVDBJN4OD3pMEcVeG}, 2418: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour two 9inchdiameter cake pans with 1 12inch high sides.nSift the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl. Whisk the buttermilk, food coloring, vanilla and vinegar in a small bowl to blend. Using an electric mixer, beat the granulated sugar and butter in a large bowl until well blended. Add the eggs one at a time, beating until well blended after each addition. Beat in the dry ingredients in four additions alternately with the buttermilk mixture in three additions.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans. Bake until a tester inserted into the center of the cakes comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool in the pans on racks, 10 minutes. Turn the cakes out onto racks to cool completely.nFor the frosting: Beat the butter and cream cheese in a large bowl until smooth. Beat in the vanilla. Add the confectioners sugar and beat until smooth.nTo assemble: Place one cake layer, flatside up, on a platter. Spread 1 cup frosting over the top of the cake. Arrange 1 pint raspberries and 12 pint blueberries atop the frosting, pressing lightly to adhere. Top with the second cake layer, flatside down. Spread the remaining frosting over the top and sides of the cake. Arrange the remaining berries decoratively over top of the cake., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for pan, 2 14 cups sifted cake flour sifted, then measured, plus more for pan, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons red food coloring, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 4 pints fresh berries, such as raspberries and blueberries], title: Red Velvet Cake with Fresh Berries, picturelink: null}, 2419: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a fry pan over medium heat, reserving the balance. Cook the onions until they caramelize.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spread 1 tablespoon of the remaining olive oil over each of the 2 pizza shells. Spoon 14 cup of the hot sauce over each of the pizza shells. Lay out 1 package of chicken nuggets on each pizza shell. Distribute the caramelized onions over the 2 pizzas. Sprinkle the Monterey jack cheese and mozzarella cheese over the pizzas. Drizzle ranch and blue cheese dressings over the pizza toppings and bake for 10 minutes or until cheese is melted and chicken is heated through., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 large white onions, sliced, 2 16inch pizza shells, 12 cup hot sauce, your choice, 2 packages prepared precooked chicken nuggets, 1 8ounce package shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 1 8ounce package shredded mozzarella, 12 cup ranch dressing, 12 cup blue cheese dressing], title: Buffalo Wing Pizza Team Guy, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 2420: {instructions: Toss and serve with chips or as an accompaniment to pork, chicken, or fish., ingredients: [14 of a fresh pineapple, peeled, cored, and chopped, 1 mango, peeled and chopped, 12 onion, chopped fine, 12 red bell pepper, chopped fine, 12 orange bell pepper, chopped fine, 1 large jalapeno, seeded, deveined, and minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 tomato, chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 34 cup minced cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon salt], title: Tropical Salsa Fresca, picturelink: null}, 2421: {instructions: To make the salad, preheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush each tortilla with vegetable oil on both sides, then sprinkle with salt. Stack tortillas and cut into thin strips. Scatter strips on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown and crisp, about 15 minutes. Let cool.nMeanwhile, to make the vinaigrette, stir together the lime juice and spice mix pour in olive oil and whisk to blend. Stir in green onions.nTo assemble the salad, put lettuce in a large bowl. Top with cooled tortilla strips, beans, cherry tomatoes, avocado, cheese, and cilantro. Add dressing and toss well.nTo make the spice mix, stir together salt and spices in a sealable plastic bag. Store up to 1 month., ingredients: [4 corn tortillas, Vegetable oil, Salt, 2 limes, juiced, 2 teaspoons Spice Mix, recipe follows, 13 cup good olive oil, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, 12 head Romaine lettuce, shredded, 1 can 15 ounce garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup ripe cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 ripe avocado, diced, 4 ounces queso fresco or feta, crumbled, 12 cup cilantro leaves, chopped, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground chile powder, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic], title: South of the Border Chopped Salad, picturelink: null}, 2422: {instructions: Wrap the beets in foil and place on a rack, set over a pan of hot water. Roast in a preheated 400 degree oven for 40 minutes. When cool enough to handle, peel, and slice into 14 inch disks. Whisk the dry mustard into the buttermilk, then mix in the grain mustard, dill, onion and herring. Refrigerate the herring for 1 hour. Fan beets out on Bibb lettuce. Place herring mixture on top., ingredients: [1 pound beets, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons coarse grain mustard, 14 cup chopped dill, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 3 filets of pickled Herring, cut into 1inch pieces, Bibb lettuce], title: Roasted Beet and Pickled Herring Salad with Mustard Buttermilk Dressing, picturelink: null}, 2423: {instructions: Prepare your favorite boxed or homemade brownies, adding 34 teaspoon ground chipotle chile pepper and 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon to the batter for a batch that fits a 9by13inch pan. Top each Mexican brownie with a scoop of dulce de leche ice cream and sprinkle with cinnamon.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [], title: Mexican Brownies, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 2424: {instructions: Heat canola oil in a deep pot to 350 degrees F.nIn a skillet over high heat, combine olive oil, butter, pepperoncini and onion. Saute until lightly caramelized, then add garlic and cook until tender. Deglaze with white wine and cook until slightly reduced. Add the clam juice, red pepper, and lower heat to a simmer.nCore out bread and lightly toast the bread bowl. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, mix cornstarch, flour, seasoning salt and cayenne. Toss calamari in flour and shake off excess.nFry calamari in oil until golden brown and crispy. Toss fried calamari with the sauce and pour into the toasted bread bowl. Garnish with Roma tomatoes and scallions., ingredients: [4 cups canola oil, 4 ounces olive oil, 4 ounces butter, 1 cup sliced pepperoncini, 12 cup chopped red onion, 14 cup minced garlic, 12 cup white wine, 14 cup clam juice, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 round loaf sourdough bread, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon seasoning salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 ounces calamari, tubes and tentacles, cut in 14inch thick, 3 ounces diced Roma tomatoes, 3 ounces chopped scallions], title: Rhode Island Calamari, picturelink: null}, 2425: {instructions: For the green tomato marmalade: Cut 4 tomatoes in small dice, and cut the last one in 5 slices. In a small pan, boil the honey, sugar, until sugar is dissolved and has nice golden color. Add ginger, and the vanilla. Then, add all the tomatoes. Try to keep the sliced ones separated. Cook for 20 to 30 minutes very slowly.nFor the sugar dough: Cut the butter in small pieces on top of the flour. Mix with your fingers, then, put in the middle, the water, the sugar, salt and the egg yolks. Mix everything together but do NOT work the dough too long.nLet sit in a cool place for 2 hours.nAdd the toasted almonds, roll it down, and cut 12 circles of 5 inches each. In the middle of 6 of them, put 1 full spoon of marmalade. Brush the side of the dough with egg, and cover with the other 6. Or you could fold them over to make half moon baked pies.nCut the dough if you have to for them to look alike.nBrush some more egg on top, then, bake for 18 minutes in a preheated 400 degree oven. Let them cool down, and sprinkle with powdered sugar and the sliced tomatoes on top., ingredients: [5 green tomatoes, 1 cup honey, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 ounces butter, 9 ounces flour, 2 tablespoons water, 1 34 ounces sugar, 1 dash salt, 1 egg yolk, 34 cup toasted sliced almonds, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar], title: Green Tomato Pie Turnovers, picturelink: null}, 2426: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Toss the cauliflower, capers and 1 tablespoon olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet season with salt and pepper. Roast, stirring halfway through, until the cauliflower is tender and lightly browned, 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the gnocchi and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain.nCook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, turning, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove to a paper towelu00bflined plate, reserving the drippings in the skillet. Add the gnocchi to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and well coated, about 3 minutes.nAdd the pine nuts and garlic to the skillet and cook, stirring, until the pine nuts are lightly toasted and the garlic is softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the roasted cauliflower, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and 14 cup of the reserved cooking water, adding more cooking water as needed to loosen. Remove from the heat. Crumble the bacon and stir into the gnocchi along with the chives. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 medium head cauliflower about 2 pounds, trimmed and cut into small florets, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 17.5ounce package potato gnocchi, 4 slices bacon, 2 tablespoons pine nuts or roughly chopped hazelnuts, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh chives], title: Gnocchi with Bacon and Roasted Cauliflower, picturelink: LCuz5LcLUtFGd62jJ8TZfx251d1T1We}, 2427: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBring a pot of wellsalted water to a boil. Add the potatoes and boil until about 34s of the way done, about 4 minutes. Drain well and spread out on a baking sheet to cool.nHeat a large ovenproof skillet over high heat. When hot, add the olive oil, and then add the potatoes in a single layer. Lower the heat to medium and cook, tossing occasionally, until the potatoes are crusty and browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the onion and cook until the onions brown slightly, about 2 minutesnOff the heat, make 8 small evenlyspaced wells in the hash and pour a small bit of olive oil in each well. Break an egg into each well. Sprinkle the eggs with salt and pepper. Scatter the oregano and the cheese over the hash.nTransfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the eggs are cooked to your taste, about 5 minutes for firm whites and soft yolks. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large Russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup chopped onion, 8 eggs, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Asiago or other aged cheese], title: Potato Hash with Baked Eggs, picturelink: null}, 2428: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour a 12cup Bundt pan tap out the excess flour.nHeat 2 cups root beer, the cocoa powder, chocolate and 1 stick butter in a large saucepan over medium heat until the butter melts. Add the granulated and brown sugars and whisk until dissolved. Remove from the heat and let cool.nCombine 2 cups flour, the baking soda, allspice and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Whisk the eggs into the root beer mixture, then gently fold in the dry ingredients the batter will be slightly lumpy.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean, 55 minutes to 1 hour, rotating the pan halfway through. Transfer to a rack. Gently poke the cake all over with a skewer and pour 14 cup root beer over the cake let cool in the pan for 20 minutes, then invert the cake onto a serving plate and let cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the glaze: Whisk the remaining 14 cup root beer, a pinch of salt, the confectioners sugar and vanilla in a bowl until smooth. Drizzle over the cake.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 12 cups root beer, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon salt, plus a pinch, 3 large eggs, beaten, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Root Beer Bundt Cake, picturelink: j7rOOM41HbpCMEmxjCvlOux6grWe72}, 2429: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy large pot over medium heat. Add the onion, carrots, and celery. Add the garlic, salt, and pepper and saute until all the vegetables are tender, about 5 to 8 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices. Simmer until the juices evaporate a little and the tomatoes break down, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Add the lentils and mix to coat. Add the broth and stir. Add the thyme sprigs. Bring to a boil over high heat. Cover and simmer over low heat until the lentils are almost tender, about 30 minutes.nStir in the pasta. Simmer until the pasta is tender but still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nLadle the soup into bowls. Sprinkle with the Parmesan, drizzle with olive oil, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 2 celery stalks, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 pound lentils approximately 1 14 cups, 11 cups lowsalt chicken broth, 4 to 6 fresh thyme sprigs, 23 cup dried elbow pasta, 1 cup shredded Parmesan], title: Lentil Soup, picturelink: Ec.dkaqtUPGSclHDFpo.SZmYi4ErMaK}, 2430: {instructions: Fill a small plate or shallow bowl with lemon juice. In a second plat or bowl, spread some Tajin. Dip the rim of an 8 to 10ounce glass in the lemon juice, followed by a dip in the Tajin.nAdd a large scoop of ice to the glass, then add the tomato juice, vodka, hot sauce, Worcestershire, horseradish, olive juice and a squeeze of lemon and stir.nGarnish the cocktail with the olives, 2 dashes of Tajin, a few turns from a peppermill and a lemon wedge for extra citrus, and serve, ingredients: [Lemon juice, for rimming the glass, plus wedges for squeezing and garnish, Tajin seasoning, for rimming the glass, plus 2 shakes, 5 ounces premium tomato juice or make your own from gardenfresh tomatoesabout 1 pound for an 8ounce cocktail, 2 ounces premium vodka or any other spirit, 4 dashes hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 3 or 4 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon prepared horseradish not the creamy kind, 2 pimientostuffed olives, such as Mezzetta Spanish Queen Martini Olives, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons olive juice, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Bloody Mary, picturelink: SshAB1uSc9MZ1j.ullbWjXmbmfHnNS}, 2431: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat a 2quart baking dish with cooking spray. Put the sweet potatoes in a large pot and cover with salted water by 2inches. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots. Cook until both the potatoes and carrots are tender, about 15 minutes. Drain well.nTransfer the potatoes and carrots to a large bowl and add the sugar, butter, ginger, zest, and cinnamon. Mash until well combined and slightly chunky. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in the egg whites and transfer to the baking dish. Sprinkle with the nuts and bake until well puffed and hot through, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 3 medium carrots, 8 ounces, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 egg whites, lightly beaten, 13 cup chopped pecans], title: Healthy Sweet Potato Casserole, picturelink: null}, 2432: {instructions: Mix together all ingredients except bread slices. Dip bread in the egg mixture, coating both sides. Place on heated griddle and cook until golden. Turn and cook opposite side until golden. Serve immediately with your favorite topping.nSuggested toppings: Maple syrup and bananas, strawberry sauce or syrup and try Great Harvest lowfat granola sprinkled on top., ingredients: [6 eggs or 1 12 cups egg substitute, 1 12 cups milk, can be skim or any other, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 teaspoon salt, Cinnamon, optional, 10 to 12 thickly sliced bread, preferably from Great Harvest Bread], title: French Toast, picturelink: null}, 2433: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 1 by 4inch untreated cedar plank, soaked overnight in waternPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTo make the croutons: Cut the bread into squares. Combine melted butter and olive oil. Toss bread squares in the oil and melted butter combination and season with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet in 1 layer. Bake, tossing several times in the cooking process, until they are golden brown, crispy on the outside and a little soft inside, 10 to 15 minutes. Cool at room temperature and reserve. Do not refrigerate.nTo make the vinaigrette: In a food processor, add garlic, lemon juice, vinegar, anchovy fillet, Dijon, Worcestershire, hot sauce, salt, pepper, and egg yolk and process for 15 seconds. With the processor running, slowly drizzle in the truffle oil and the olive oil. This recipe will make twice the amount that you need for a salad for 6 people.nIt is difficult to make a smaller quantity in a food processor. The vinaigrette will keep up to 1 week, well covered, in the refrigerator. The salad is good enough to serve twice in 1 week.nPreheat a grill to high.nTo make the Salad: In a mixing bowl, drizzle the chunks of salmon with enough oil just to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the plank from the water and brush with some oil. Place the plank either on the grill or next to an open fire in a wood oven. Allow it to just catch fire. Put it out, and do the same to the other side of the plank. Place the fish pieces directly onto the plank, about 1inch apart. Return it to the grill. The plank should be arranged near the fire so that it smolders on the edges, creating smoke that surrounds the fish. Allow this to continue, placing it near the fire in such a way that it smolders but does not catch fire.nCook the fish to medium rare, about 6 minutes.nWhile the salmon is cooking, place the whole, but separated romaine leaves in a large mixing bowl with the croutons. Ladle about 12 of the vinaigrette over the whole leaves, season with salt and pepper and toss just to coat the leaves. Sprinkle the grated Parmesan over the salad and give the salad a final gentle toss. Arrange the leaves and the croutons on 6 chilled plates. Flake the salmon on its natural separations and divide evenly over the salads., ingredients: [1 baguette or small loaf bread, 2 ounces melted butter, 1 ounce virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, 2 ounces Meyer lemon juice, regular lemon juice can be substituted, 2 ounces red wine vinegar, 1 anchovy fillet, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire, 3 dashes hot sauce, Salt and pepper, 1 egg yolk, 1 ounce truffle olive oil, 2 ounces fruity virgin olive oil, Grated Parmesan, 4 2 12ounce chunks salmon fillets, 1 ounce light olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 romaine hearts or 4 heads regular romaine, small as possible, trimmed, 1 to 2 ounces grated Parmesan], title: Cedar Smoked Salmon Caesar with Meyer Lemon Truffle Anchovy Vinaigrette, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 2434: {instructions: Pour the Cranberry GingerInfused Vodka, lime juice and Vanilla Simple Syrup into a cocktail shaker with the ice cube. Seal the shaker, shake vigorously and strain into a chilled coupe glass. Torch the rosemary sprig until smoking blow out any flames and garnish on the side of the glass.nPlace the cranberries and ginger in the bottle of vodka. Cap and allow to steep for 10 days at room temperature. Be sure to turn the bottle over once each day. Strain the vodka through cheesecloth, being sure to squeeze excess vodka from the cranberries. Return the liquid to the bottle and cap.nInto small skillet, pour the sugar and water. Split the vanilla bean and scrape contents into the skillet. Add the vanilla bean husk to the water and bring to boil while stirring. Take off the heat after the sugar has completely dissolved. Once at room temperature, transfer to a sealable bottle. Do not strain., ingredients: [2 ounces Cranberry GingerInfused Vodka, recipe follows, 34 ounce fresh lime juice, 34 ounce Vanilla Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 large ice cube, for shaking, Sprig fresh rosemary, for garnish, 2 cups no sugar added dried cranberries, 1 knuckle peeled ginger, 1 bottle vodka recommended: Haute, 12 cup turbinado sugar, 12 cup distilled water, 1 whole Tahitian vanilla bean], title: Mary Rose, picturelink: null}, 2435: {instructions: In a bowl stir together the white frosting with enough yellow food coloring to match the color of the bottom of the candy corn. Ice the cupcakes with the yellow frosting.nStarting from the center and working your way outwards in a circular pattern, put the candy corn on the icing of each cupcake.nArrange the cupcakes on a platter and serve., ingredients: [1 can white frosting, Yellow food coloring, 12 dozen storebought uniced vanilla cupcakes, 1 large bag yellow, orange, and white candy corn], title: Spiky Candy Corn Cupcakes, picturelink: ySH7IzgJAVU.pgizaUsNcGpAiLo8kC}, 2436: {instructions: In a bowl, combine shrimp, ham, salt, white pepper and mix well. Combine eggs and butter in another bowl. Combine dressing ingredients in a small bowl.nPour shrimp mixture and egg mixture into a heatproof glass pie dish and cover with another heatproof glass pie dish. Prepare a wok for steaming wok should have 2 inches of simmering water in it and place the pie dish in the wok, cover and steam over a medium heat for 15 minutes.nSpoon dressing on top and serve., ingredients: [14 pound medium raw shrimp, shelled, deveined and diced, 2 tablespoons chopped Virginia ham, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 14 cups water, 1 tablespoon chopped green onion, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon hot pepper sauce], title: Steamed Egg Custard, picturelink: null}, 2437: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, salt, and rosemary. Set aside.nUsing an electric mixer and a large mixing bowl, beat butter and sugar together until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, incorporating each egg fully before adding the next. Add the vanilla. and gently stir in the flour mixture until just combined. Stir in currants.nCut dough in half and shape into 2 logs. They should be about a 12inches long and 1inch thick.nBake until just starting to brown at the edges, about 35 minutes. Let cool for a few minutes on the baking sheets. While the biscotti logs are still warm, cut each log into 12inch wide slices on the diagonal. Place the slices back on the baking sheet using 2 baking sheets if necessary to fit all the slices. Bake for 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the baking sheets from the oven. Turn the biscotti over and bake for an additional 7 to 8 minutes, until the biscotti are crisp.nLet the biscotti cool for a few minutes on the baking sheets. Serve when cooled to room temperature, or store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup dried currants], title: Wedding Biscotti, picturelink: CaoT0lOmiFe7500783x1aPtSu2OQ.te}, 2438: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 2439: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 6inch lollypop sticks, 2 12inch round cookie cutternThis recipe is great to do with your children. You can make these into different shaped Berry Pie Pops such as hearts or stars.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nRoll out the Perfect Pie Dough on a wellfloured surface until it is 18inch thick. Using a 2 12inch round cookie cutter, cut out 16 rounds, for 8 pie pops. Place the rounds onto the prepared baking sheet. If the dough becomes too soft, place the entire baking sheet into the refrigerator to chill.nPlace about 1 heaping tablespoon of the Berry Pie Filling in the center of 8 rounds, leaving a border about 14inch from the edges. Place the lollypop stick in the middle of the 8 rounds through the filling and almost to the top of the rounds. Take the remaining 8 rounds and slightly stretch them out so they can fit over the filling. Brush the edges of all the rounds with egg wash. Place the 8 rounds on top of the filled rounds, egg wash side down. Press the edges together gently with your finger and then crimp the edges with a fork to make sure the edges are completely sealed. Use a little flour on your fork to crimp the edges so your fork doesnt stick to the pie dough. Brush the tops of each pie pop with egg wash and sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Use a paring knife to cut small vents in each pop.nBake the pie pops until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Once cooked, let them rest for a few moments before digging in.nIn a mixing bowl, mix together the flour and salt. Work the butter into the flour with your fingers or a pastry cutter until you have large peasize chunks of butter scattered throughout the flour.nGradually add the water in while stirring with a fork, until just combined. Avoid overworking the dough. Using your hands, shape the dough into a disk, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before rolling out.nPlace the berries in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the sugar, cornstarch and lemon juice. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally, and cook until thickened and the mixture coats the back of a spoon, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [Perfect Pie Dough, recipe follows, Flour, for dusting, Berry Pie Filling, recipe follows, 1 egg, beaten, Turbinado sugar, for dusting, 1 12 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, chilled, 6 to 8 tablespoons ice cold water, 1 12 cups mixed fresh raspberries and strawberries, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: Berry Pie Pops Pie on a Stick, picturelink: null}, 2440: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot charcoal fire. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a heavy skillet on low. Add garlic and sage leaves and cook very slowly for 30 minutes. Season veal chops with salt and pepper and brush with a little olive oil. Grill until mediumrare, about 15 minutes, turning once.nHeat remaining tablespoon olive oil in a large, heavy frying pan on high. Add chops and sear until just pink inside, 5 minutes more, turning once. Remove chops to 4 warmed dinner plates. Deglaze pan with stock or water and reduce over high heat to 12 cup of liquid, scraping bottom of pan to incorporate any browned bits. Reduce heat and add garlicsage oil to the pan. Cook for 1 minute and adjust seasoning to taste. Strain jus over each chop and serve garnished with fresh sage leaves., ingredients: [About 4 tablespoons fruity olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, smashed, 14 cup fresh sage leaves, plus more for garnish, 4 2inch thick veal chops, Salt and pepper, 1 cup veal or chicken stock], title: Grilled Veal Chops with Sage Jus, picturelink: null}, 2441: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 250 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nBeat the egg whites, cream of tartar and salt in a large clean dry bowl with a mixer on medium speed until foamy. Increase the speed to medium high and beat until thick and opaque, about 1 more minute. Gradually add the confectioners sugar, about 14 cup at a time, and beat until stiff shiny peaks form, about 5 more minutes.nTransfer the meringue to a pastry bag fitted with a large flat or star tip. Pipe about seventy 1inch disks on the baking sheets, leaving space between each. Bake at 250 degrees F until dry and crisp, about 3 hours. Let cool completely on the baking sheets. Store in an airtight container in a dry place for up to 1 week. Just before serving, sandwich with seedless jam or lemon curd.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 large egg whites, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 14 cups confectioners sugar, Seedless jam or lemon curd, for spreading], title: Meringue Sandwiches, picturelink: x11QVucEiQOKQw8atjGsk68elGxe}, 2442: {instructions: Mix all the adobo ingredients and set aside. Slice the piece of beef in 3 to 4 pieces against the grain and pound thin. Season generously with the adobo, mashed garlic, some onion slices, olive oil and marinate overnight in the refrigerator. In a large skillet places 2 teaspoons of olive oil and heat until it reaches its smoke point, lightly brown the beef pieces and set aside. Add the onions, caramelize lightly or dark depending on personal preference, once color has been obtained from the onions add the vinegar, stock and butter. Let all the butter melt and incorporate with the rest of the ingredients in the skillet and cover with a tight lid. Cook until tender and juicy approximately 1 minute. To serve arrange alternate layers of beef and onions over the green beans and top with the allumette fries. Some of the remaining liquid on the skillet can be poured as a thin sau, ingredients: [1 teaspoon cumin powder, 1 teaspoon oregano powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 to 10 ounce piece beef tenderloin, 2 cloves of garlic mashed fine, 1 large onion sliced in 12 inch slices, 4 tablespoons of olive oil, 2 to 3 teaspoons of white vinegar, 12 cup of beef stock, 2 teaspoons of unsalted butter, 1 cup of cooked green beans, 1 Idaho potato allumette cut and fried crispy, 14 cup cilantro, chopped], title: Bistec Encebollado, picturelink: null}, 2443: {instructions: Whisk the yolks and sugar in a large glass bowl to blend. Set the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water do not allow the bottom of the bowl to touch the water. Whisk until the yolk mixture is very thick and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the hot espresso. Pour the espresso mixture into mugs and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large egg yolks, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup hot espresso], title: Espresso Zabaglione, picturelink: null}, 2444: {instructions: For the ice cream: In a small, heavybottomed saucepot, bring the goats milk and cream to a boil. Remove from the heat and whisk in the cheese, granulated sugar and salt. Blend the cheese mixture in a blender until smooth. Transfer to a bowl. Freeze the cheese mixture in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Transfer to an airtight container and put in the freezer to harden, at least 2 hours. Let the ice cream soften 5 minutes before serving.nFor the cherry vanilla sauce: Combine the cherries, orange juice, granulated sugar and cinnamon stick in a medium saucepan. Scrape in the seeds from the vanilla bean and add the bean. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Boil 1 minute. Strain into a bowl. Reserve the cherries. Return the juices from the bowl, cinnamon stick and vanilla bean to the same pan. Mix the cornstarch and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl stir into the juices in the pan. Stir over medium heat until the juices boil and thicken, about 1 minute. Mix in the reserved cherries. Chill the compote 2 hours.nFor the walnuts: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Lightly butter a large shallow pan.nWhisk together the egg white and 1 teaspoon water in a large bowl until frothy. Stir in the nuts. Stir together the brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, pepper and cloves, and then stir into the nuts, coating well. Spread the nuts in the prepared pan and bake in the middle of the oven until dry, about 50 minutes. Cool and break into bitesize chunks.nFor the whipped cream: Beat the cream, granulated sugar and vanilla in a medium bowl until peaks form. Stir in the thyme leaves.nTo serve, scoop the ice cream into sundae bowls, top with cherry vanilla sauce, thyme whipped cream and chopped spiced walnuts., ingredients: [1 cup goats milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces goats milk Cheddar, grated, 34 cup granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 cups fresh cherries, pitted and halved, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 vanilla bean, split, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, Unsalted butter, for greasing pan, 1 large egg white, 3 cups walnut pieces, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 cup heavy cream, chilled, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped], title: Farmhouse Goat Cheddar Ice Cream Sundaes with Cherry Vanilla Sauce, Spiced Walnuts and Thyme Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 2445: {instructions: Bring large pot of water to a boil and boil pasta. Meanwhile prepare the ingredients: Coarsely chopping the mussels, sardines, capers and parsley and adding them to the bottom of a mixing bowl. Add lemon juice and olive oil and season to taste with salt and crushed red pepper.nWhen pasta is done, drain and shake dry and add to the bowl toss with scallions, reserving some for garnish. Serve warm.nRefresh leftovers with vinaigrette., ingredients: [8 ounce elbow macaroni, 3 to 4 ounce can drained smoked mussels, or oysters, 2 12 ounce can smoked sardines packed in oil, 1 tablespoon capers, Large handful chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup sliced scallions, Salt and crushed red pepper flakes], title: Pasta with Smoked Mussels and Capers, picturelink: null}, 2446: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Brown the ground chuck until no longer pink. Add the celery, onions, bell peppers and garlic. Cook just until the vegetables start to soften, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd the tomato paste and stir to coat the vegetables. Next, add the crushed tomatoes, chili powder, cumin and cayenne. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, 45 minutes.nAdd the beans to the liquid and simmer to heat through. Serve the chili topped with shredded Cheddar, chives and sour cream., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 pounds ground chuck, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup tomato paste, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Two 15ounce cans red kidney beans, Shredded Cheddar, for serving, Chopped fresh chives, for serving, Sour cream, for serving], title: Game Day Chili, picturelink: null}, 2447: {instructions: In spoonfuls, drizzle the Chocolate Fudge Sauce into the whipped cream, then gently fold in with a rubber spatula so the fudge is streaked through the cream. Chill for 15 minutes to set before serving., ingredients: [12 cup Chocolate Fudge Sauce, recipe above, Whipped cream], title: Fudge Swirl Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 2448: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the brine: Rinse and pat the chops dry, slit a pocket into each chop about 3 to 4 inches long and as deep as the bone. Combine the remaining ingredients in a resealable bag, place in the refrigerator and brine for 1 to 2 hours.nFor the stuffing: In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and butter, and when the butter melts and foams, add the pancetta and cook until crispy. Remove to a paper towellined plate, leaving the fat in the pan. Add the mushrooms, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring frequently for 6 minutes. Add the shallots, sage and 12 of the pancetta and cook for 3 minutes more. Remove to a plate to cool, spreading out evenly. Once cool, add the fontina cheese. Reserve the extra pancetta for service.nRemove the chops from the brine and pat dry. Stuff with the cooled filling and secure the opening with toothpicks. Reserve any remaining filling for the sauce.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the breading: In a shallow pan or bowl, add the Italian seasoning, pepper, panko and flour. Mix well. Add the eggs to a second shallow bowl and beat.nDredge the chops through the egg, then lay in the breading and press to adhere. Repeat with all the chops.nIn a large saute pan, add the oil and bacon fat and, when shimmering, add the pork chops, cooking until golden brown, about 5 minutes each side. Hold gently with tongs and cook the edges as well. Place on a baking pan fitted with a wire rack and place into the oven. Cook until the meat registers 135 degrees F on a thermometer, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove and lightly tent with foil.nFor the sauce: In the same pan that the chops were cooked in, add the shallots and any remaining mushroom filling and cook over mediumhigh heat for 4 to 5 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the stock and scrape any bits from the bottom. Whisk in the mustard and yogurt until well combined, and then add the lemon juice and salt.nRemove the chops from the baking pan, remove the toothpicks and place on a serving platter. Top with the sauce. Garnish with the parsley and the remaining pancetta and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 bonein, doublecut loin chops 3 to 4 pounds total, 5 cups water, 14 cup kosher salt, 1 tablespoon fresh cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon dried sage, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup diced pancetta, 6 cups cremini mushrooms, very thinly sliced, Salt and fresh cracked black pepper, 14 cup minced shallots, 1 teaspoon minced fresh sage leaves, 12 cup shredded fontina cheese, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup flour, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup bacon fat, 14 cup minced shallots, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons whole grain Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons plain yogurt, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped Italian flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Stuffed DoubleCut Pork Loin Chops, picturelink: seQVi4F4I2gwOHANXt0Fn5CJg72Zd5m}, 2449: {instructions: In a medium saucepan have 2 cups of water boiling. Place gelatin into a medium heatproof bowl or large heatproof measuring cup. Pour the hot water over the gelatin. Stir to make sure it dissolves. Add 2 cups of cold water to the gelatin. Place the raspberries in the bottom of a 2 quart trifle bowl. Pour the gelatin over the raspberries and place it in the refrigerator to set completely, about 4 hours.nOnce the jelly is set, soak the ladyfingers in a baking dish with the sherry, coating both sides until saturated but still firm. Lay a row of ladyfingers over the top of the gelatin. Stir the coconut into the pudding and layer it over the ladyfingers. Whip the cream until stiff then carefully smear on top of the pudding. Decorate with chocolate shavings and cherries. Serve right away or keep refrigerated until ready to eat., ingredients: [2 cups hot water, for the gelatin, 1 large 6ounce pack raspberry gelatin, 2 cups cold water, for the gelatin, 2 cups fresh raspberries, washed, 12 ladyfingers, 14 cup sherry, 34 cup shredded, sweetened coconut, 4 cups prepared vanilla pudding most markets will sell pudding in the deli or dairy section, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, shaved, Candied cherries, optional, for garnish], title: CoconutCream Trifle, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 2450: {instructions: For filling, in a large saucepan, over medium heat, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter. Add pumpkin, onion recipe mix, and broth simmer 5 minutes. Continue cooking until mixture is slightly dry. Season to taste with salt and pepper and remove from heat. Stir in ricotta cheese, 3 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, and the nutmeg. Let cool completely.nPlace 1 teaspoon of pumpkin filling in center of wonton wrapper. Fold wrapper diagonally to form a triangle. Moisten the edges of the triangle to seal. Using a fork, press down on the folded edge. Repeat. Place ravioli in a pot of boiling water and cook until they float to the top. Drain well.nIn a large skillet, over medium heat, melt remaining 7 tablespoons butter. Add sage leaves. Cook until butter turns brown. Arrange ravioli on a platter and spoon brown butter over top. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 2 cups canned pumpkin, LibbysR, 1 packet 0.7ounce onion recipe mix, LiptonR Carb OptionsTM, 1 cup vegetable broth, SwansonR, Salt and pepper, 14 cup lowfat ricotta cheese, PreciousR, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, KraftR, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, McCormickR, 16 wonton wrappers, MelissasR, 10 fresh sage leaves, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, for garnish, KraftR], title: Pumpkin Ravioli in Brown Butter, picturelink: null}, 2451: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the coconut oil in a 10inch, highsided saute pan over medium heat. Add the brown rice, stir to coat, and allow to toast, about 1 minute. Carefully in case it flames add the 14 cup bourbon, stirring to fully incorporate. Once the bourbon is mostly absorbed, add the broth, 12 cup at a time, stirring constantly. Wait until the liquid has evaporated, before adding another 12 cup. You will have to babysit this a bit, but just be patient. After you have added about 4 cups of the broth, add the broccoli, asparagus and peas. Continue adding the broth in 12 cup increments you will notice the mixture starting to thicken. Stir and add the remaining broth. When the rice is tender, after about 45 minutes, stir in the goat cheese, orange zest, orange juice, and the remaining 1 tablespoon bourbon. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoon coconut oil, 1 12 cups shortgrain brown rice, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon bourbon whiskey, 6 12 cups mushroom broth or vegetable broth, heated, 1 cup broccoli stems, peeled, small diced, 1 cup asparagus, no tips, small diced, 1 cup fresh peas, 3 green onions, green parts only, sliced, 1 cup shredded aged goat cheese, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 orange, juiced about 12 cup, Salt and pepper], title: Southern Risotto, picturelink: lMSdDvYmQCRIWpbm5TL7VOePQlsiPrG}, 2452: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the walnuts, cinnamon and sugar in a large bowl and set aside. In the bottom of a greased 9 by 13inch pan, put 1 layer of phyllo and brush liberally with butter. Repeat 6 more times, buttering each delicate layer, until you have 7 layers of phyllo. Spoon 13 of the nut mixture over the phyllo and top with 5 more individually buttered sheets of phyllo. Repeat the process 2 more times and finish with 7 layers of phyllo. Brush the final layer with butter and bake until golden brown, about 50 minutes.nWhile the baklava is baking, make syrup. Add all of the syrup ingredients to a medium pot and bring to a boil over mediumlow heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes.nRemove the baklava from the oven and pour the syrup evenly over the top. Cut into squares or diamonds and serve., ingredients: [1 pound walnuts, lightly toasted and roughly ground in a food processor or blender, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 package phyllo pastry, 1 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup honey, 1 lemon, zested, 1 teaspoon rose water, 1 teaspoon orange blossom water], title: Rose Water and Orange Blossom Baklava, picturelink: null}, 2453: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut water, oats, salt and cherries into a medium sized saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for about 5 minutes for Old Fashioned Oats, or 1 minute for Quick Cooking Oats. Remove from heat. Stir in the vanilla extract and cherry jam. Put into serving bowls and pour 2 tablespoons of milk over each bowl., ingredients: [1 34 cups water, 1 cup Old Fashioned Oats, or Quick Cooking Oats, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup dried cherries, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons cherry jam, or to taste, 14 cup 1 percent lowfat milk, plus more to taste], title: Cherry Vanilla Oatmeal, picturelink: yEUtyIKWppFn58Xargi9Qg2bnRe2}, 2454: {instructions: Fill a pint glass with ice. Add the vodka, applesauce, whiskey, lime juice and Simple Syrup. Cover the glass with a shaker tin and shake vigorously for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into a chilled martini glass. Dust the ginger peel with cinnamon and use to garnish the drink.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vodka, 1 ounce applesauce, 12 ounce cinnamonflavored whiskey, such as Fireball, 12 ounce fresh lime juice, 12 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Ginger peel, for garnish, Ground cinnamon, for dusting, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: The A.J., picturelink: null}, 2455: {instructions: Special equipment: small blowtorchnFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a regularsize cupcake pan with 20 paper liners and set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric stand mixer, measure the flour, brown sugar, baking soda and salt and whisk to combine. Then measure the sour cream, eggs, vegetable oil, vanilla pudding, buttermilk and vanilla extract into the mixing bowl and mix on low speed for 30 seconds. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl using a rubber spatula. Turn the mixer back on medium speed and mix until just combined. Use a rubber spatula to stir the batter. Make sure that all flour and dry ingredients are completely combined into the batter.nFill 20 cupcake liners twothirds full with batter and bake until the top bounces back when touched, about 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the creme brulee filling: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nWhisk together the sugar, vanilla bean paste and egg yolks in a mixing bowl. Slowly whisk in the heavy cream until completely combined. Pour the mixture into a 9by9inch casserole dish. Place the casserole dish on an 18by13inch cookie sheet, and pour 2 cups of water into the bottom of the cookie sheet to use as a water bath. Bake until set when it does not jiggle when shaken for 30 to 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely. Once completely cooled, scoop up all of the baked creme brulee and put in a pastry bag. Cut 12inch off the top of the pastry bag. Set aside.nFor the caramel frosting: Whip the butter and cream cheese in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until soft and fluffy. Stop the mixer and add approximately half of the powdered sugar. Turn the mixer onto low for 30 seconds, and then to medium until combined. Stop the mixer and add the rest of the powdered sugar along with the dulce de leche, evaporated milk and vanilla extract. Mix the frosting on low until the powdered sugar starts to incorporate. Then turn the mixer to mediumhigh and mix until very light and fluffy. Put the frosting in a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip.nTo assemble: Using a large round piping tip, cut a hole in the center of each baked cupcake. Fill each cupcake generously with the creme brulee filling. Then frost the top of each cupcake with the caramel frosting. Sprinkle each frosted cupcake with 1 teaspoon granulated sugar. With a torch, torch the sugar on top of each cupcake until golden brown. Garnish with a fresh raspberry and serve.nRead more at: http:www.foodnetwork.comrecipesbrownsugarcaramelcremebruleecupcakesrecipe.htmloclinkback, ingredients: [10 ounces allpurpose flour, 8 ounces brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces sour cream, 5 ounces eggs, 3 12 ounces vegetable oil, 3 12 ounces prepared vanilla pudding, 2 ounces buttermilk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 ounces granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste, 4 large egg yolks, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 8 ounces butter, at room temperature, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 pound 4 ounces powdered sugar, 2 34 ounces dulce de leche caramel, 2 12 ounces evaporated milk, 14 ounce vanilla extract, Granulated sugar, for garnish, Fresh raspberries, for garnish], title: Brown Sugar Caramel Creme Brulee Cupcakes, picturelink: NLc.VHCoai9GzkDfQkS9zhykzId4Mcm}, 2456: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 200 degrees F. Combine sugar and spice in a small bowl and mix until evenly combined.nStem fruit and, using a mandoline, slice lengthwise into paperthin slices, about 116inch thick. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats and evenly space fruit on the sheets.nSprinkle sugar mixture over fruit and bake until lightly brown and dry and crisp around edges, about 2 hours. Let cool on baking sheets. Chips can be stored at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 10 days., ingredients: [3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 18 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 medium Bosc pear or Fuji apple], title: Spiced Fruit Chips, picturelink: zMAgHk1GJRIpHuz2a7tA1VaxuDoswq}, 2457: {instructions: Combine 12 cup wine and sugar in heavy small saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean add bean. Stir over low heat until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat. Let steep 30 minutes. Remove vanilla bean.nCombine fruit in large bowl. Add remaining 1 cup wine to sugar syrup. Pour over fruit. Cover and refrigerate 2 hours., ingredients: [1 12 cups dry white wine, 12 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 3 cups cantaloupe cubes, 3 cups honeydew cubes, 3 cups watermelon cubes, Chopped fresh mint], title: Melon Coupe with Vanilla, picturelink: null}, 2458: {instructions: Drain canned cherries, reserving juice. Coarsely chop enough cherries for 12 cup and set aside. Save remaining cherries for another use.nIn a medium saucepan, add reserved cherry juice approximately 23 cup plus enough water to equal 2 cups. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Stir in remaining ingredients, except chopped almonds. Cover and reduce heat to a simmer for 10 minutes.nRemove from heat and stir in toasted chopped almonds. Serve., ingredients: [1 15ounce can pitted cherries, 2 cups instant brown rice, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons semisweet chocolate chips, 14 cup chopped almonds, toasted], title: Cherry Almond Rice Mexicana, picturelink: null}, 2459: {instructions: Mix the pink grapefruit juice with the vodka and simple syrup.nPlace the grapefruit mixture into an ice cream machine or a sorbet maker, and freeze according to the manufacturers directions. Serve at once or transfer to a freezer container and freeze until ready to serve. Place the sorbet in the refrigerator for 15 minutes before serving to allow it to soften slightly.nTo serve, hollow out 2 grapefruit halves and divide half the strawberry slices evenly among the halves. Scoop the sorbet over the strawberries, then cover with the remaining berries., ingredients: [3 cups strained pink grapefruit juice, 3 tablespoons vodka, 34 cup simple syrup 12 cup sugar cooked with 13 cup water until clear, 12 pint ripe strawberries, sliced], title: Pink Grapefruit Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 2460: {instructions: Slice cucumber and toss with lettuce, celery and carrots. Place leaf lettuce on plate or container as an under liner. Add the greens.nPlace the remaining ingredients in neat rows across the greens. Slice the meat and cheese in strips and place on top of the salad. Serve with your choice of fatfree salad dressing., ingredients: [2 oz Boars Head Ovengold, Turkey Breast, 12 oz Boars Head Lacey Swiss Cheese, 12 oz Boars Head Yellow American Cheese, 1 oz Avocado, Sliced, 1 oz Celery, Julienne, 1 oz Cucumber, Halved Lengthwise, 1 oz Green Bell Peppers, Julienne, 112 oz Romaine Lettuce, 112 oz Spring Mix Lettuce, 112 oz Tomato, Diced, 1 Hard Boiled Egg, 2 oz Boars Head Deluxe Ham, 1 oz Carrots, Julienne], title: Deluxe Chef Salad, picturelink: null}, 2461: {instructions: Combine the shallots, white wine, and lemon juice in a nonreactive saucepan over high heat and reduce to 2 tablespoons.nAdd the cream to the reduction. Once the liquid bubbles, reduce the heat to low. Add the butter, one cube at a time, whisking first on the heat and then off the heat. Continue whisking butter into the reduction until the mixture is fully emulsified and has reached a rich sauce consistency. Season with salt and white pepper. Store beurre blanc in a thermos until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 to 2 shallots, chopped fine, 8 ounces white wine, 2 ounces lemon juice, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed, Salt and white pepper, to taste], title: Raymond Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 2462: {instructions: Blend the pineapple, triple sec, vodka and ice. Serve in burgundy glasses with pineapple as a garnish., ingredients: [10 pieces fresh Moorea pineapple, plus more for garnish, 12 tablespoon triple sec, such as Cointreau, 3 tablespoons vodka, houseinfused with Tahaa vanilla, Ice], title: Mahana Cocktail, picturelink: Ks4bsSMvObh1T2QFa82kIs8keTrgYJy}, 2463: {instructions: 1. For Cupcakes: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup muffin pans with baking cups. Prepare cake mix according to package directions using water, oil and eggs. Divide batter evenly into prepared pans. Bake 18 to 22 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes remove from pans. Cool completely. Insert Easy Frost tip into center of each cupcake and squeeze out a small amount of frosting to create a frostingfilled center.n2. For Glaze: PLACE chocolate and butter in small microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on HIGH 1 12 to 2 minutes, stirring until smooth. Dip top of each cupcake into glaze. Decorate as desired with coconut, almonds, Easy Frost Frosting or chocolate sprinkles., ingredients: [1 18.25 oz. package Pillsburyu00ae Devils Food Cake, 1 14 cups water, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 3 large eggs, 1 13.5 oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Easy Frostu00bf Vanilla Dream Flavor No Fuss Frosting, 8 1 oz. squares semisweet chocolate, 14 cup butter 12 stick, Coconut, sliced or chopped almonds, chocolate sprinkles optional], title: FrostingFilled Cupcakes, picturelink: jQhHKrW3HJe6Pu0W78m.oCENToie8ba}, 2464: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill to mediumhigh heat and shut the lid. Let the grill heat for 20 minutes.nAdd a few glugs of olive oil to a small bowl and season with a pinch of salt.nAdd the leeks to a small bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nSprinkle your work surface with flour. Flatten the Homemade Pizza Dough with your hands and use your fingertips around the edges to define the crust. Flatten the center and stretch the pizza to a 12inch round while rotating. You can toss it up into the air to get a nice stretch.nHave all of your sauces, olive oil, toppings and spoons set out on a sheet tray next to your grill. You have to have everything prepped and ready to go when grilling pizzas.nTurn one side of your grill down to medium and keep the other side of the grill on mediumhigh. Place the dough on the mediumhigh side of the grill and quickly brush all over with olive oil. Let the dough cook just until the dough is firm on the bottom and has some nice char marks, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip the dough over to the cooler side of the grill by using either a sheet tray turned upside down or a pizza peel.nBrush the other side of the dough with olive oil, then top the pizza. Spread the Broccoli Pesto out from the center, leaving an edge for the crust. Spread out the mozzarella, then evenly distribute the leeks and ricotta cheese. Close the grill and cook until the cheese is melted and the crust is cooked through, about 5 minutes.nRemove with a pizza peel or sheet tray. Place on a cutting board and slice up and serve. Sprinkle with some Parmesan before serving.nStir the yeast, warm water and honey together in the bottom of a standing mixer bowl. Stir in 12 cup of the allpurpose flour. Mix until combined. Let sit until the mixture looks bubbly and foamy and the yeast is activated, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Once the oven is warm, turn it off. Outfit a standing mixer with a dough hook. Oil a large bowl with olive oil.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the remaining 34 cups allpurpose flour, the bread flour and salt until well blended.nTurn the mixer on and add the cold water and olive oil to the bubbly yeast mixture. Add the flour by scoopfuls. Knead for 5 minutes until the dough comes together into a ball. Sprinkle some flour down on your cutting board and knead the dough by hand for another minute or so until its smooth and elastic. Place the dough in the bowl and flip to coat all sides with oil. Cover with a kitchen towel and wait until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nPunch down and let rise again for 1 12 more hours.nSplit the dough into 2 equalsize balls, cover with a slightly damp tea towel and let rest for 10 minutes before stretching.nBring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Add a big pinch of salt and stir in the broccoli. Boil the broccoli until very tender, about 5 minutes. Drain the broccoli in a colander in the sink and rinse under very cold water to stop the cooking.nAdd the broccoli, Parmesan, pistachios, basil, olive oil and garlic to a food processor and process until smooth. Season the pesto with a small pinch of salt and pepper., ingredients: [Olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 leek, cut into thin rings, Freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 ball Homemade Pizza Dough, recipe follows, at room temperature, 13 cup Broccoli Pesto, recipe follows, One 8ounce ball fresh mozzarella, sliced, 14 cup ricotta cheese, Freshly grated Parmesan, for serving, One 14ounce package active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 12 cup lukewarm water, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for bowl, 3 cups bread flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 cups cold water, Kosher salt, 8 ounces broccoli florets from 3 averagesize crowns, 12 cup freshly shredded Parmesan shredded with large eyes on a box grater, 12 cup roasted, salted pistachios, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, loosely packed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large clove garlic, Freshly ground pepper], title: Veggie Pizza with Pesto, picturelink: 7uORYXSobU2CE5zZmUHPan1rfnni.}, 2465: {instructions: Chill 4 salad plates. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a medium sized bowl add the mushrooms, diced garlic, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper, mix all ingredients together until mushrooms are well coated. Place mushrooms, bottoms down, on a sheet pan, and roast in the oven for 45 minutes or until sweet, juicy, and tender. Remove from oven and dice. Meanwhile, Reduce the remaining 1 34 cups balsamic vinegar to a sweet glaze over low heat in a small saucepan.nCut the sweet onions in quarters, then slice the onion into very thin julienne. Make sure you slice them so the onion slices do not stick together. Shock the uncooked onions in an ice bath for 4 minutes, strain the onions from the ice bath, set aside.nMix the peppercress and baby lettuce together in a large bowl and set aside.nSeason shrimp with salt and pepper and sear in olive oil in a hot pan. Set aside.nUsing a small squirt bottle, or any small plastic container that will withhold a strong shake, add the Banyuls vinegar, mustard, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Shake for 1 minute, until all is well mixed and salt has dissolved. Add the grapeseed and canola oil and shake again. Add the tomatoes, chives, shallots, haricots verts, and the shrimp to the lettuce mixture, and mix gently and slowly. Add the vinaigrette to lightly coat the coating to all the ingredients. Using chilled salad plates carefully place the salad in layers forming a nice small peak. Garnish with balsamic syrup and serve., ingredients: [3 to 4 portobello mushrooms, cleaned and stemmed, 1 finely diced garlic clove, plus 1 smashed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, plus 1 34 cups, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small sweet onion, 1 bunch peppercress, leaves picked and stems discarded red chard or baby arugula can be substituted., 18 pound baby lettuces, 12 medium Santa Barbara shrimp, Tiger shrimp can be substituted, Olive oil, 1 12 ounces Banyuls vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 1 ounce canola oil, 2 heirloom tomatoes, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 bunch chives, chopped, 2 shallots, peeled and brunoised, 1 pound haricots verts, trimmed, halved, and cooked in salted water and chilled], title: Sweet Santa Barbara Shrimp with Roasted Portobello Mushroom and Haricots Verts Salad with Heirloom Tomatoes and a Banyuls Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 2466: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare the lollipops: With a knife or kitchen shears, cut the skin and tendons around the bottom the narrow end of each drummette. Use a paring knife to scrape the meat from to bottom toward the top of the bone to form a lollipop shape make sure the bone is scraped completely clean.nMake the brine: To a saucepan, add 1 12 cups water and the vinegar, honey, salt, soy sauce, peppercorns, pepper flakes, garlic, star anise, bay leaf and ginger. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally. Pour the brine into a large bowl and add 1 12 cups ice to cool it down quickly. Add the chicken lollipops to the brine, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 1 hour. Remove the chicken and pat dry.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPrepare the dry rub: In a large bowl, combine the fivespice powder, garlic, ginger, mustard, paprika, salt and cayenne. Mix well to blend. Set aside 1 tablespoon of the rub for later use in sauce, then add the chicken and coat thoroughly with the rub.nArrange the chicken on a baking sheet, transfer to the oven and cook for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the skin begins to turn golden. This helps render some of the fat, so the drummettes fry up nice and crispy. Remove from oven and set aside.nWhile the drummettes are cooking, prepare the sauce: To a medium saute pan, add the sweet soy sauce, vinegar, fish sauce, honey, pepper flakes and 2 tablespoons water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat cook until the sauce has reduced by a third or so, about 10 minutes. Stir in the reserved tablespoon of the dry rub and keep warm while you fry the wings.nFill a large, heavy pot with 2 to 3 inches of oil, and heat to 350 degrees F over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, fry the chicken wings in the oil until brown and crispy, 6 to 7 minutes. With a spider or slotted spoon, remove the fried chicken to a large mixing bowl. Add the sauce to the chicken and toss to coat.nTransfer the chicken lollipops to a serving platter and garnish with the red pepper, scallions, cilantro and sesame seeds., ingredients: [24 chicken wing drummettes, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup honey, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, Pinch red pepper flakes, 3 cloves garlic, skinon, smashed, 2 star anise, 1 bay leaf, One 1inch piece ginger, sliced 14inch thick, 1 tablespoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 12 cup sweet soy sauce, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons Vietnamese fish sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Peanut oil, for deepfrying, 2 tablespoons finely diced red pepper, 2 tablespoons finely sliced scallions, cut on the bias, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted], title: Spicy Asian Chicken Lollipops, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 2467: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk the eggs. Gradually whisk in the flour, then the sugar, and finally the boiling milk, mixing thoroughly. Let stand for 2 hours to rest.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nStrain batter into a buttered 9inch cake pan to remove any lumps. Cover the top with cherries and bake for 35 minutes. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve warm., ingredients: [3 eggs, 1 cup flour, 13 cup sugar, 1 cup milk, boiling, 2 cups stoned black cherries, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Clafouti, picturelink: null}, 2468: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nTake the giblets out of the chicken and wash it inside and out. Remove any excess fat and leftover pinfeathers. Toss the onion with a little olive oil in a small roasting pan. Place the chicken on top and sprinkle the inside of the cavity with salt and pepper. Place the lemons inside the chicken. Pat the outside of the chicken dry with paper towels, brush it with the melted butter, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Tie the legs together with kitchen string and tuck the wing tips under the body of the chicken.nRoast for 1 14 to 1 12 hours, or until the juices run clear when you cut between the leg and the thigh. Cover with foil and allow to sit at room temperature for 15 minutes. The onions may burn, but the flavor is good.nMeanwhile, heat a large saute pan with 2 tablespoons of olive oil until very hot. Lower the heat to mediumlow and saute the bread cubes, tossing frequently, until nicely browned, 8 ton10 minutes. Add more olive oil, as needed, and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Place the croutons on a serving platter. Slice the chicken and place it, plus all the pan juices, over the croutons. Sprinkle with salt and serve warm., ingredients: [1 4 to 5pound roasting chicken, 1 large yellow onion, sliced, Good olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, quartered, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 6 cups 34inch bread cubes 1 baguette or round boule], title: Lemon Chicken with Croutons, picturelink: Eo.9ASqdlfM.BS1MiBBQmG8nv03bKcS}, 2469: {instructions: Drain and rinse the tasajo. Place into a large pot, cover with fresh water and cook until almost tender. Add the pork cubes and cook until both meats are completely tender. Drain the meat, reserving 8 cups of the cooking liquid.nIn a tall stockpot, add all the vegetables, except for the pumpkin and the yellow plantain, all the meat stocks, bay leaves and cumin. Cook for approximately 30 minutes and add the pumpkin and yellow plantain. Cook for 15 minutes. Allow it to rest for a few minutes. Add salt and white pepper to taste., ingredients: [8 ounces tasajo cured dry beef, cut into cubes and soaked overnight, 8 ounces pork stew meat cut into cubes, 1 ear fresh corn, 1 green plantain, 8 ounces cassava, 8 ounces malanga a root similar to potato, 8 ounces sweet yam, 12 cup crushed tomatoes, 8 cups chicken stock, 8 cups pork bone stock, 2 bay leaves, Pinch cumin, 8 ounces pumpkin, 1 yellow plantain, Pinch white pepper, Salt, to taste], title: Ajiaco: Cuban Soup Made with Beef, Pork, and Tropical Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 2470: {instructions: Bring the chicken broth to a boil in a medium saucepan keep warm over low heat.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the leek, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the rice, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until the rice is coated, about 1 minute. Add the wine and cook, stirring constantly, until completely absorbed, about 1 minute.nLadle about 12 cup hot chicken broth into the risotto and cook, stirring, until absorbed. Continue to add the broth in about 12cup increments, stirring until absorbed before adding more, until the rice is tender and creamy, about 18 minutes. If youu00bfve used up all the broth and the rice is not yet tender, stir in a little hot water.nDuring the last 5 minutes of cooking the risotto, heat a medium nonstick skillet over high heat and add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season the scallops with salt and pepper and add to the skillet. Cook, undisturbed, until browned and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the scallops and continue to cook until just cooked through, about 1 more minute. Remove to a plate.nStir the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, the parmesan, lemon juice and all but a pinch of the lemon zest into the risotto until creamy. Add a splash of water to loosen, if necessary. Season with salt and stir in the parsley and chives. Divide between bowls and top with the scallops sprinkle with the remaining lemon zest.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small leek white and light green parts only, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced and rinsed, Kosher salt, 34 cup arborio rice, 13 cup dry white wine, 8 medium sea scallops about 8 ounces, u00bffootu00bf muscles removed, patted dry, Freshly ground pepper, 13 cup grated parmesan cheese, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives], title: LemonHerb Risotto with Scallops, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 2471: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nFor the meatballs:nPour the milk over bread and soak to soften.nPlace the meat in a mixing bowl and add the cheese, EVOO, fennel, crushed red pepper, garlic, egg, parsley, salt and pepper.nSqueeze the excess milk from the bread and crumble into crumbs as you add it to the meat. Combine the meatball mix and roll into 2inch balls. Place the meatballs on nonstick baking sheet sprayed with olive oil spray and roast until browned but not fully cooked, 10 to 12 minutes.nFor the stew:nMeanwhile, heat the EVOO in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the garlic, onions and bay, and season with salt and pepper. Cook until translucent, stirring occasionally, 10 to 15 minutes. Then add the tomato paste and stir until fragrant. Add the beef stock and tomatoes, then break up the tomatoes with a potato masher. Add the basil, potatoes and meatballs and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat back to medium, partially cover and cook 10 minutes. Add the green beans and cook 7 to 8 minutes more.nServe, or cool completely and store for makeahead meal. Reheat over a mediumlow flame, partially covered, stirring occasionally or reheat in a 325 degree F oven until sauce is bubbly.nTo serve, top shallow bowls of stew with cheese and an extra drizzle of EVOO., ingredients: [Whole milk, enough to just cover bread, Two 1inch slices goodquality white bread, crust trimmed, 1 12 pounds ground beef, About 12 cup grated pecorino cheese or ParmigianoReggiano, About 3 tablespoons EVOO, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, 1 large egg, A generous handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil cooking spray, 2 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for serving, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 medium onions, chopped1 fresh bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 to 2 cups beef stock, Two 28ounce cans Italian tomatoes, A handful fresh basil leaves, torn, 2 pounds small to medium white or red skinned potatoes, cubed, 12 ounces green beans, trimmed and cut into thirds on an angle, Grated ParmigianoReggiano or pecorino cheese for serving], title: Bonnies Italian Stew, picturelink: jqEmHCyMKnW.Mm3kxNHCEaY66xjTe}, 2472: {instructions: Whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt and rosemary in a large bowl.nCream the butter and granulated sugar with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, 4 to 6 minutes. Add the egg, vanilla and orange zest and mix to combine. Add the flour mixture and mix until thoroughly combined. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nRoll the dough into 1inch balls about 1 tablespoon each and place 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until just golden at the edges, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, mix together the confectioners sugar and reserved orange juice in a medium bowl and set aside.nRemove the cookies from the oven and let cool on the baking sheets about 5 minutes, then top each with about a teaspoon of the orange glaze., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 small sprig fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 orange, finely zested and juice reserved, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: OrangeRosemary Cookies with Orange Glaze, picturelink: UJ.Oii7idxvYVXkppDl9YuF1OkB6Ji.}, 2473: {instructions: Wash chicken parts. In a large bowl, combine lemon juice, scallions, tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, ketchup, vinegar, sesame oil, cumin, curry powder, herb blend, brown sugar, garlic powder, onion powder and 3 tablespoons olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Add chicken to marinade, cover and refrigerate overnight.nIn a medium Dutch oven, combine 13 olive oil and the sugar. Remove the chicken from the refrigerator and brush off the vegetables from the chicken pieces, reserving the vegetables. Turn the heat to medium and stir the sugar and allow it to caramelize as the pot gets hot. It may smoke some so watch for your smoke detector.nCarefully but quickly add the chicken to the pot and let the chicken brown in the caramelized sugar, turning the pieces as you go. Once all the chicken has browned, add the vegetables and marinade juices, cover, reduce heat to mediumlow and let stew until the chicken is cooked through and tender, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Half way through, season with salt and pepper.nServe over rice or with mashed potatoes., ingredients: [3 12 pounds chicken parts, 14 cup lemon juice, 4 scallions, cut in 12inch pieces, 4 tomatoes, diced, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon West Indian curry powder, 1 tablespoon herb blend blend of dried and ground oregano, thyme, rosemary, black pepper, and basil recommended: Daddys Herb Blend, 1 12 tablespoons brown sugar, 3 tablespoons garlic powder, 3 tablespoons onion powder, 13 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons sugar, Rice or mashed potatoes, for serving], title: Stewed Chicken, picturelink: null}, 2474: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: four to five 3inch, nonstick tart shells or mini pie dishesnFor the crystallized lemon: Prepare the garnish first so it has time to crystallize while you make the pie. Using a curly zester, zest the lemon into curly strips. On a plate, toss the zest in sugar and spread out evenly. Set aside and allow to crystallize. For the sweet crust: Using an electric stand mixer, mix the butter, flour and sugar on low speed until it is incorporated and makes pebbles. Then add the egg and salt, and continue to mix just until its combined. Using your hands, form the dough into a small disc. Wrap in plastic wrap and allow to rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 365 degrees F. Dust a rolling pin and surface with flour. Roll the dough out thinly to 14 to 18 of an inch. Continue to dust with flour as the dough becomes sticky. Cut out circles slightly larger than the size of your tart shells. If you cant find 3inch tart shells, just use the next smallest size you can find and adjust your dough cut outs accordingly. Lay the sweet crust in the shells and trim any excess along the edges. Then line it with parchment paper and weigh it down with pie weights, coffee beans or dry beans. Place the shells on a baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove and let cool. For the blueberry compote: In a saucepan over low heat, add about a third of the blueberries, the sugar and juice of 1 lemon. Reserve the remaining blueberries. Using the back of a knife, scrape out the vanilla seeds and add the seeds and pod to the saucepan. Stir and continue to cook until the blueberries break down and the compote has a syrupy consistency, 5 to 10 minutes. Create an ice bath by placing a mixing bowl into a larger bowl filled with ice. Pour the compote into a strainer over the mixing bowl. Use a rubber spatula to help work the compote through the strainer. Let the compote cool until its cold to the touch. Once the blueberry compote has cooled, add the compote to the remaining blueberries and gently mix together to create your pie filling. For the chantilly cream: Add the heavy cream, confectioners sugar, vanilla and the zest from 1 lemon to an electric mixer. Mix until peaks start to form. Add the blueberry filling to the cooled pie shells and top with the chantilly cream. Garnish with crystallized lemon on top. Serve and enjoy, ingredients: [1 lemon, Sugar, 1 stick chilled, unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 large egg, Pinch salt, 2 cups fresh blueberries, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 lemon, 12 fresh vanilla pod, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, Seeds from 1 vanilla bean, 1 lemon], title: Blueberry Pie with Chantilly Cream, picturelink: 7UAE3BsPIS6UJv00nyVED7BfG4rGmli}, 2475: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 2 12quart baking dish. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the penne and cook, until just al dente, about 5 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl. Add the havarti, gouda, and fontina cheeses and 1 tablespoon butter to the hot pasta and stir gently until cheeses begin to melt.n2. In a medium bowl, whisk the egg, evaporated milk, paprika, half the garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper. Stir the egg mixture into the macaroni pasta. Transfer to the prepared baking dish bake covered for 10 minutes.n3. Meanwhile, pulse the bread in a food processor with the olive oil, remaining garlic, and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper stir in the thyme leaves.n4. Uncover the casserole, sprinkle the pasta with the breadcrumb mixture, and bake until bubbly and golden brown, about 15 minutes more. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature, plus more for the pan, Kosher salt, 1 pound mini penne or pennette, 1 12 pounds coarsely grated havarti, gouda, and fontina cheeses, at room temperature about 6 cups, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 cups evaporated milk, 12 teaspoon paprika, 2 cloves garlic, finely grated, Freshly ground pepper, 2 ounces baguette, torn into small pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme], title: Macaroni and Three Cheeses with Garlic Breadcrumbs, picturelink: null}, 2476: {instructions: Bring a large 4quart pot of water to a boil over mediumlow heat and add 12 tablespoon salt and the Arborio rice. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes. The grains of rice will be quite soft. Drain the rice in a sieve and run under cold water until cool. Drain well.nMeanwhile, whisk together the yogurt, eggs, chives, fontina, 1 14 teaspoons of salt, and the pepper in a medium bowl. Add the cooled rice and mix well. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight, until firm.nWhen ready to cook, preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nSpread the panko in a shallow dish. Heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Form balls of the rice mixture using a standard 2 14inch icecream scoop or a large spoon. Pat the balls into patties 3 inches in diameter and 34inch thick. Place 4 to 6 patties in the panko, turning once to coat. Place the patties in the hot oil and cook, turning once, for about 3 minutes on each side until the risotto cakes are crisp and nicely browned. Place on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper and keep warm in the oven for up to 30 minutes. Continue cooking in batches, adding oil as necessary, until all the cakes are fried. Arrange on a serving platter and serve hot., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 cup uncooked Arborio rice, 12 cup Greek yogurt, 2 extralarge eggs, 3 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 1 12 cups grated Italian fontina cheese 5 ounces, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup panko Japanese dried bread flakes, Good olive oil], title: Chive Risotto Cakes, picturelink: null}, 2477: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and remove the top rack.nCombine the butter and sage in a mixing bowl, mash with a fork or spoon until the sage is well incorporated and the butter has flecks of green in it season with salt and pepper.nIn a saute pan, melt 4 tablespoons of the sage butter, add the onions, cook and stir for 15 minutes until soft and golden. Remove from heat. Put the cornbread in a large mixing bowl and scrape the sauteed onion mixture on top. Add the egg, heavy cream, and just enough chicken stock to moisten the stuffing without making it soggy about 12 cup. Toss well to combine, season with salt and pepper.nRemove the neck and gizzards from the inside of the turkey and discard. Rinse the bird thoroughly inside and out with cold water, pat dry. Sprinkle the cavity and skin liberally with salt and pepper. Using your fingers, gently lift the skin from the breast and legs, and slip pieces of the sage butter underneath massaging it in as you go. Fill the bird with the cornbread stuffing without packing too tightly cook the remaining stuffing separately in a buttered baking dish. Truss the turkey place it on a rack in a large roasting pan, and put into the oven.nMeanwhile, in a small mixing bowl, whisk together the maple syrup and hot water to thin the glaze out a bit use this to baste the turkey every 30 minutes. The turkey should take about 3 hours to cook i.e. 15 to 20 minutes per pound. If the legs or breast brown too quickly, cover with foil.nAbout 2 hours into cooking, shingle the strips of bacon oven the turkey breast to cover continue to roast and baste for another hour or so. The turkey is done when an instantread thermometer inserted into the meatiest part of the thigh registers 170 degrees F the thigh juices will also run clear when pricked with a knife. Transfer the turkey to a cutting board and let rest for 20 minutes before carving, so the juices can settle back into the meat.nSkim off the excess fat from the pan drippings with a spoon and place the roasting pan over 2 burners set on mediumhigh heat. Using a wooden spoon, scrape up brown bits stuck to bottom of pan. Whisk the flour into the drippings, stirring as it thickens to prevent lumps. Add the remaining chicken stock and bring to a simmer season with salt and pepper and hit it with a squeeze of lemon juice to brighten the flavor. Simmer for 5 minutes and then strain to remove any particles. Serve the gravy with the mapleroasted turkey and cornbread stuffing., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 bunch fresh sage, leaves finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 1 loaf cornbread, cubed about 6 cups, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 12 to 14 pound fresh turkey, 1 cup pure maple syrup, 14 cup hot water, 8 strips smoked bacon, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 lemon, juiced], title: MapleRoasted Turkey with Sage, Smoked Bacon, and Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: QDzOt2F9ciBmkY1qCsj6Cnf8hxMiS.}, 2478: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut a piece of foil 9 by 23inches. Butter the corners and sides of a 9 by 9inch baking pan. Line the pan with the foil, leaving an overhang on two sides. Fold the overhanging foil to make them doubly thick. This will make it easier to lift the bar out of the pan.nFor the topping: Whisk the coconut cream with the egg white and vanilla in a medium bowl. Toss the shredded coconut with the flour in another medium bowl. Stir the shredded coconut mixture into the coconut cream mixture. Set aside.nFor the base: Whisk the flour with the cocoa powder and salt in a small bowl. Put the cookie dough on a clean work surface and dump the flour mixture on top. Knead the flour mixture and dough together until it is dark and homogenous. Sprinkle a little extra flour on the work surface, and use a rolling pin to gently press and roll the dough into a 7or8inch squaredont worry if it cracks a bit. Put the dough in the prepared pan, using your fingers to press it evenly into the sides and corners.nScatter the coconut topping evenly over the base, making sure you cover the edges well and being sure not to press down so that the coconut mixture lies on top of the dough. Scatter the chocolate on top and press it lightly into the coconut. Bake until the coconut is a toasted golden brown, the topping seems dry and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool completely on a rack before gently lifting out of the pan by the overhanging foil, about 20 minutes. Slice into 16 square bars., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan, Topping:, 13 cup coconut cream, 1 large egg white, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, One 4ounce bar bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, Base:, 14 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling dough, 13 cup natural unsweetened cocoa powder not Dutch process, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, One 1pound package prepared sugar cookie dough], title: Bake Sale ChocolateCoconut Bars, picturelink: aVDgwLV4MQByAYAh2Bu7TnDajA.gTQ.}, 2479: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the water, sugar and kosher salt in the bowl of a stand mixer and sprinkle the yeast on top. Allow to sit for 5 minutes or until the mixture begins to foam. Add the flour and butter and, using the dough hook attachment, mix on low speed until well combined. Change to medium speed and knead until the dough is smooth and pulls away from the side of the bowl, approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the dough from the bowl, clean the bowl and then oil it well with vegetable oil. Return the dough to the bowl, cover with plastic wrap and sit in a warm place for approximately 50 to 55 minutes or until the dough has doubled in size.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line 2 halfsheet pans with parchment paper and lightly brush with the vegetable oil. Set aside.nBring the 10 cups of water and the baking soda to a rolling boil in an 8quart saucepan or roasting pan.nIn the meantime, turn the dough out onto a slightly oiled work surface and divide into 8 equal pieces. Roll out each piece of dough into a 24inch rope. Make a Ushape with the rope, holding the ends of the rope, cross them over each other and press onto the bottom of the U in order to form the shape of a pretzel. Place onto the parchmentlined half sheet pan.nPlace the pretzels into the boiling water, 1 by 1, for 30 seconds. Remove them from the water using a large flat spatula. Return to the half sheet pan, brush the top of each pretzel with the beaten egg yolk and water mixture and sprinkle with the pretzel salt. Bake until dark golden brown in color, approximately 12 to 14 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack for at least 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups warm 110 to 115 degrees F water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 package active dry yeast, 22 ounces allpurpose flour, approximately 4 12 cups, 2 ounces unsalted butter, melted, Vegetable oil, for pan, 10 cups water, 23 cup baking soda, 1 large egg yolk beaten with 1 tablespoon water, Pretzel salt], title: Homemade Soft Pretzels, picturelink: dYH6QXqwD34dskSXMpII1AGzc3VvDu}, 2480: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of four 6 or 8ounce ramekins.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and salt and cook, stirring, about 1 minute. Add 34 cup water, bring to a simmer and cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture is as thick as pudding, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the cheese, fines herbes and whole eggs. Transfer to a medium bowl and stir until slightly cool.nBeat the egg white in another medium bowl until soft peaks form, about 2 minutes. Gently fold the whites into the cheese mixture until there are only a few streaks.nPut the prepared ramekins on a baking dish, divide the batter evenly among them and smooth the tops with a spoon. Bake until golden and puffed about 1 inch above the lips of the ramekins, 15 to 20 minutes. Serve and enjoy right away., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for buttering ramekins, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups shredded fontina, 12 cup chopped fresh fines herbes a mixture of parsley, chives, chervil and tarragon or chopped chives, 2 large eggs plus 1 large egg white], title: Vegetable, Herb and Cheese Souffle, picturelink: pbaUq18FuN6QPGxowNB32gRqdyeGW}, 2481: {instructions: Toast the whole spices in a dry skillet over medium heat until fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes. Cool slightly and crush in a mortar and pestle or in a spice grinder. Mix the sugar, salt, and spices together.nRoughly chop both the lemongrass stalks and cilantro, then mix them together, this can be done either by hand or in a food processor.nLay the salmon, skin side down on a cutting board. Pull the pin bones from the fillets if needed. Scatter the curing mixture over the fish, and then the lemongrass and cilantro mixture. This may seem like a lot of rub but use it all. Sandwich the fillets together, skin side out, and wrap tightly in plastic wrap. Set the package on a plate, cover with another plate or small baking sheet. Place 2 to 3 cans on top to weight down the fish. Refrigerate for 2 to 3 days flipping the salmon daily.nUnwrap the salmon, and rinse under cold running water to remove the spices and herbs. Dry thoroughly with paper towels. Slice the salmon at a slight angle, as thin as you can.nIf doing this ahead lay the salmon on a parchment lined pan, cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Serve on a slice of cucumber or a fingerling potato. Garnish with herbs and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 13 cup sugar, 12 cup kosher salt, 4 stalks fresh lemongrass, 1 bunch cilantro, with stems, 2 12ounce salmon center cut fillets, with skin attached each equal size, Thinly sliced cucumbers about 25 slices, Boiled small fingerling potatoes, quartered, optional about 25 pieces, Micro cilantro or other tender micro herbs, such as mint or basil], title: LemongrassCured Salmon Canapes, picturelink: IoHusj6LGc5xyn0EL3O2jGle33wG}, 2482: {instructions: For the filling: In a medium saucepan offheat, whisk together the sugar, cornstarch and salt. Stir in the whole egg and the 3 yolks, and then stir in the milk. Turn the heat on to medium high and cook the mixture, uncovered, stirring constantly, until the custard thickens, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Transfer to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate while you make the cake. Be sure to place the plastic wrap directly onto the custard to prevent a skin from forming.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9inch round cake pan with cooking spray and set aside.nUsing an electric mixer, cream the butter and sugar together until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the egg and mix until completely combined. Sift together the cake flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture alternating with the milk, beginning and ending with the flour. Add the vanilla.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Remove the cake from the oven and allow to cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a rack to cool completely, about 20 minutes.nFor the topping: To make the chocolate ganache, in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the cream to a boil, then immediately remove from the heat. Add the chocolate chips to the cream and stir until completely melted.nTo assemble, slice the cake layer in half horizontally. Spread the custard filling onto one layer, then top with the second layer of cake. Spread the ganache over the top of the cake using an offset spatula or the back of a spoon, allowing it to drizzle down the sides. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving. Store covered in the fridge for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg plus 3 egg yolks, at room temperature, 2 cups whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the pan, 14 cup 12 stick salted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 12 cups cake flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 12 cups 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips], title: Boston Cream Pie, picturelink: hv4uhonjG4qfzGRwzg0L31d0CoJF2fa}, 2483: {instructions: Coat the fillets on both sides with seasoned cracker meal. Heat about 4 to 6 tablespoons of cooking oil in a large shallow pan. Add sand dabs and fry over medium heat for 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Remove the filets with a spatula and place on a warmed serving platter.nUse a little of the pan juices to pour over the fish. Keep them hot. Fry the remaining fillets, adding more oil if needed. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste, and garnish with the parsley. Add lemon wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [20 to 25 sand dab flounder fillets, 4 cups cracker meal seasoned with salt, pepper, and garlic powder, Cooking oil, for frying, Salt and pepper, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish, Lemon wedges], title: Sand Dabs, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 2484: {instructions: In a large saucepan and a little oil, caramelize the onions, ginger and sugar. Add the tomatoes and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper. Add the stock and simmer on low heat until very soft, at least 20 minutes. Add the basil and puree. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [1 large red onion, diced, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 4 cups whole Roma tomatoes, diced, 5 cups chicken stock, 1 cup picked basil leaves, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Basil Tomato Soup, picturelink: null}, 2485: {instructions: For the dough:nMix all the ingredients in a large mixing bowl until incorporated. Next, slowly add water until it forms a dough ball. Knead for a few minutes, and then roll out to golf ballsized spheres 10 to 12. Place balls on a sheet pan and place in a warm area to proof for about 10 minutes.nFor the pie mixture:nBoil the potatoes until soft, drain, and then place in large bowl. Add remaining ingredients and then mash and mix well.nFor the Aloo Pie:nTake one dough ball and roll out to about a 6 to 7inch circle. Place between 1 and 1 12 tablespoons of the pie mixture in the middle of the circle. Fold the dough over and pinch the edges to seal them. Take a 4 to 6quart pot and fill it a little more than half full with vegetable oil. Place pot on medium high heat. When hot enough, but not smoking, carefully place one pie in the oil. Fry until golden brown on both sides. Serve with a side of tamarind or mango chutney., ingredients: [2 pounds allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon shortening recommend: Crisco, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 pounds Idaho russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 inch cubes, 12 bunch freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 small habanero pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin salt, or to taste], title: Aloo Pies, picturelink: null}, 2486: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine celery, parsley, thyme, lemon zest and mayonnaise in a bowl. Then fold the salmon, lobster, and crabmeat into the mixture so that its just combined and the crab is not broken or mashed. Season with salt and pepper, as needed. Arrange bread on a baking sheet. Using a melon baller, or small scoop, spoon seafood mixture onto bread and bake briefly in oven until seafood balls are lightly browned. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons finely diced celery, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, 1 lemon, zest, finely grated, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 pound smoked salmon, chopped fine, 14 pound cooked lobster meat, 14 pound cooked crabmeat, picked through to remove remnants of shells, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 loaf French bread, sliced into 16 12inch slices and lightly toasted, 16 small parsley sprigs, for garnish], title: Seafood Spheres on Crostini, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 2487: {instructions: Special equipment: a highpowered blender, optionalnIn a carafe of a highpowered blender, combine the avocado, banana, blueberries, coconut water, collard greens, pineapple, lime juice and ginger. Blend until thick and creamy., ingredients: [1 avocado, peeled, halved and pitted, 1 frozen peeled banana, cut into 2inch chunks, 1 12 cups blueberries, 1 cup coconut water, 1 cup frozen chopped collard greens, 1 cup frozen pineapple chunks, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 teaspoon grated fresh ginger], title: Blueberry Smoothie, picturelink: Ypk.cTAcWc0J4S2YzVa7j9GTt5E7yve}, 2488: {instructions: Cut the steak in half lengthwise slice each piece in half horizontally to make 4 thin steaks. Season with salt and pepper and rub all over with the ras el hanout set aside.nBring 2 cups chicken broth to a boil in a medium saucepan add 12 teaspoon salt. Add the couscous and cook as the label directs.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the steaks and cook until browned, 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium rare. Remove from the skillet cover to keep warm.nAdd the remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil and the red onion to the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 4 minutes. Add the olives, orange juice and honey. Cook, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan, until slightly reduced, about 30 seconds. Add the remaining 12 cup chicken broth. Bring to a simmer and cook until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley season with salt.nStir the tomatoes and orange zest into the couscous. Slice the steak and top with the oliveonion mixture. Serve with the couscous.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 small flank steak about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons ras el hanout Moroccan seasoning or pumpkin pie spice, 2 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 cups Israeli couscous, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 13 cup pitted black olives, roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, plus the juice of 1 orange, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 cup grape or cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Moroccan Flank Steak, picturelink: eBtbXXrvJMfgEyZ68mYcOfHhmdPzd2}, 2489: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mix together the flour, baking soda, and salt set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, add butter and beat with the paddle attachment until smooth. Scrape the sides of the bowl as necessary to evenly cream it. Add the sugars, sifted cocoa powder and chipotle peppers and mix again at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Add eggs, vanilla and water. Beat at medium speed until combined, about 30 seconds. Add slightly cooled melted chocolate and mix again, scraping bowl to evenly mix everything.nAdd the flour mixture, scraping sides and bottom of the bowl as necessary. When well incorporated, add the chips and mix briefly, about 5 seconds.nRefrigerate the dough in the bowl until cool and fudgelike, but not solid, for approximately 1 hour. You can use an ice cream scoop to create large, even sized cookies. These cookiedough balls can also be frozen at this point, and baked right from the freezer whenever the need arises.nWhen ready to bake, press the tops of the cookie doughballs into the sugar, and then top with 2 to 3 pieces of dark chocolate chips. Place onto parchmentlined baking sheets, allowing space for the cookies to spread. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes. Remove the cookies from the oven when they are still a little underdone. Slide the parchment paper with the cookies onto a cooling rack and allow to cool before removing from parchment, ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1inch cubes, softened, 2 cups packed light brown sugar, 1 12 cups sugar, plus 12 cup for topping, 12 cup cocoa powder, sifted, 2 teaspoons crushed, dried chipotle peppers, 4 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon water, 12 pound highquality bittersweet chocolate, melted and cooled slightly, 1 12 cups highquality bittersweet chocolate chips or chunks, plus 12 cup for topping], title: Dark Chocolate Chipotle Cookies, picturelink: A2NOstrNLch.oU1QiM3SiCXjQFJBntW}, 2490: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStart with the roasted garlic: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel the outermost layers of skin off the heads of garlic. Cut off the top 13 of the heads to open the cloves. Heat olive oil in a large ovensafe saute pan over medium heat. Add garlic, cut sides up, and saute for about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer pan to the oven and roast for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool. Pop garlic cloves from their skins and place cloves in a blender, along with any olive oil left in the pan. Puree until smooth you should have a pastelike consistency.nFor the potatoes: Cube the potatoes. Then put the potatoes in a large saucepan with salted cold water and place in the refrigerator overnight. The next day, add some more salt and then bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain well, place potato cubes in a food mill, and grind to remove skins. Alternatively, smash the potatoes with a large fork or potato masher.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat until the butter stops foaming and turns a light brown. Add the garlic paste and cook quickly. Add the cream, season, to taste, with salt and pepper, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and fold in potatoes with a wooded spoon or large whisk. Add the remaining butter by tablespoons, stirring after each addition. Stir in the extravirgin olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound whole garlic heads, 12 cup pure olive oil, Gray sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon garlic paste, 1 12 cups heavy cream, or more to taste, Sea salt, preferably gray sea salt, and freshly ground black pepper, 12 to 23 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: The Definitive Mashed Potato with Roasted Garlic, picturelink: KoSRDcX1LJlgpNo9Gdnza8PhLTO0Fq}, 2491: {instructions: Soak couscous in water for 20 minutes. At the same time, steep currants and apricots in Port wine. When couscous is soaked, break up any clumps with your fingers.nMelt butter, add steeped fruit and saute a few seconds.nAdd the couscous, sugar and saute for a minute or until all of the ingredients are hot. Sprinkle sliced almonds over the top and serve.nAs a ridiculously rich option, spoon couscous in breakfast bowl and pour some heavy cream over the top., ingredients: [1 cup couscous, 1 14 cups water, 13 cup currants, 13 cup diced dried apricots, 2 tablespoons Port wine, 2 tablespoons butter, Sugar to taste, 12 cup sliced almonds, Heavy cream, optional], title: Couscous for Breakfast, picturelink: null}, 2492: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough: In a large saucepan over a low heat, heat the milk, oil and granulated sugar until warm but not hot if you have a candy thermometer, it should be 125 degrees F. Add the yeast and 4 cups of the flour and stir together. Cover the pan and leave to rise for at least an hour. Stir in the remaining 12 cup flour, the baking powder, baking soda and salt.nFor the filling: Roll the dough into a long rectangle, about 30 inches wide by 10 inches deep. Youll want it to be as thin as you can get it so you can add plenty of goo. Drizzle the melted butter all over the surface of the dough. Use your fingers to smear it all around so that it coats evenly.nSpread the orange marmalade all over the buttered dough, distributing as evenly as you can. Sprinkle plenty of brown sugar all over the marmalade. Finish with a light sprinkling of salt to offset the sweetness.nUsing both hands in a backandforth motion, gradually roll the dough towards you into one long log. Pinch the seam to seal it. Then slice the logodough into 12inch pieces.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the rolls in a buttered baking dish and allow them to rise for 20 minutes.nBake for 15 to 17 minutes.nWhile the rolls are baking, make the icing: Add the orange zest and juice to a bowl. Add the powdered sugar and salt. Splash in the milk. And some more melted butter because the recipe doesnt already have enough. Just kidding on that last part. Whisk it together until its nice and smooth and lovely. Your kitchen smells like orangesnPull the rolls out of the oven when theyre golden brown, and drizzle on the icing right off the bat. The piping hot rolls will suck that gorgeous icing right down into their crevices and the whole thing pretty much becomes a miracle. Serve them warm., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 package 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 rounded teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, melted, 8 tablespoons orange marmalade, 1 cup lightly packed brown sugar, plus more as needed, 14 teaspoon salt, Zest and juice of 2 oranges, 4 cups powdered sugar, sifted, Dash of salt, 12 cup whole milk, more if needed for a pourableconsistency, 12 stick 4 tablespoons butter, melted], title: Orange Sweet Rolls, picturelink: vhp.Qp1dFnVQTVz5S2WHuM3HF4wYWgG}, 2493: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl toss together the romaine, radicchio, and scallions. In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, dill, salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the dressing onto the salad and toss., ingredients: [5 cups shredded romaine lettuce about 1 head, 2 cups shredded radicchio 12 head, 2 scallions, chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon fresh dill, or 1 teaspoon dried, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chopped Salad with Lemon and Dill, picturelink: STQ5f612z8bfC.HkZFr9zZoPoyPEicG}, 2494: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Butter, or spray with cooking oil, a 1 quart oval gratin dish. Whisk eggs add milk, melted butter and fold into grits with cheese and spices. Bake 40 minutes until browned., ingredients: [2 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups milk, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 3 cups cooked grits, 1 12 cups grated white cheddar, plus 14 cup for top, 14 teaspoon paprika, Pinch cayenne pepper, Salt and white pepper], title: Baked Cheese Grits, picturelink: null}, 2495: {instructions: In a heavy 2quart saucepan, combine vinegar, wine, shallots, lemon, and bay leaves to make an infusion. Simmer over medium heat for 5 to 8 minutes until the mixture is reduced to a wet paste, about 2 tablespoons. Add the cream and continue to simmer until reduced again to about 2 tablespoons. Cream is added to make the sauce more stable and less likely to separate.nReduce the heat to low and remove the bay leaves. Whisk in the chunks of butter in small batches. The butter should melt without the sauce getting too hot, producing a creamy emulsified sauce. Do not let the sauce go over 130 degrees F, where it will separate. If the sauce starts to break, remove from heat, add 2 ice cubes and whisk until it cools down and comes back together. Season with salt and pepper, fold in the chives, and serve immediately. Keep covered in a warm place for a few hours, if needed.nServe with fish or vegetables., ingredients: [13 cup champagne vinegar, 13 cup dry white wine, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 bay leaves, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, cubed, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Classic Beurre Blanc: White Butter Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2496: {instructions: Preheat oven on broiler setting. Place a rack approximately 6 inches from broiler.nSlice the loaf of bread, on the bias, into 34inch slices. Place bread in oven on sheet pan and broil until golden brown on both sides, approximately 2 minutes for the first side and 1 to 1 12 for second side. Remove to a platter and rub each slice of bread with the garlic and then brush with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 narrow Italian or French loaf of bread, 1 head garlic, cut in 12 crosswise, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and pepper], title: Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 2497: {instructions: For the brown butter crumble topping: Put the butter in a small saucepan and cook over medium heat until amber brown, 3 to 4 minutes.nWhisk together the flour, granulated sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in a medium bowl. Stir in the butter. Refrigerate the mixture for 15 minutes, then squeeze it to make crumbles.nFor the apple pancake bars: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch baking dish with a parchment paper overhang on the long ends and spray with nonstick baking spray.nWhisk together the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the buttermilk, butter, vanilla and eggs in a medium bowl until smooth. Add the wet mixture to the dry along with the granola, lemon zest and juice and apples and mix until just combined. Lumps are ok. Transfer the batter to the prepared baking dish and let it rest for 15 minutes.nSprinkle the crumble evenly over the batter and bake until lightly golden brown and the top springs back when touched, about 15 minutes. Remove to a baking rack and let cool for 10 minutes.nFor the apple syrup: Meanwhile, combine the apple juice, granulated sugar and apples in a shallow skillet, bring to a boil and cook until the mixture is thickened and reduced by half. Add a splash of lemon juice, strain the syrup through a fine strainer and keep warm.nDust the top of the apple pancake with the confectioners sugar, cut into bars and transfer to a platter. Drizzle the warm apple syrup over the bars or pass it for dipping., ingredients: [7 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Pinch fine sea salt, Nonstick baking spray, for spraying the parchment, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 34 cups buttermilk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 cups applecinnamon granola, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest plus 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 Gala apple, peeled, cored and finely diced, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 4 cups unsweetened apple juice, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 medium Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and diced, Splash of freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Apple Pancake Bars with Brown Butter Crumble Topping and Apple Syrup, picturelink: KcF0SmNQnTTbNUKbhZJxJqHvblvkU6}, 2498: {instructions: Heat the oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the flour, cayenne pepper, some salt and pepper, the egg and soda water. Before dipping the onion rings, add some ice cubes to keep the mixture very cold.nDip the separated onion slices into the batter until they are all coated and set aside. Repeat with the remaining rings.nDeep fry the rings, a few at a time, until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to paper towels to drain. Season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, 2 12 cups ice cold soda water, Ice cubes, 1 large onion, cut into 14inchthick rings], title: Classic Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 2499: {instructions: Separate endive leaves and wash well in cold running water. Trim and discard stems, break leaves into bitesized pieces, and pat dry. Set aside in a bowl.nPeel and core apples and cut into thin slices. In another bowl, combine remaining ingredients.nAdd apple slices to cream mixture. The apples can now be reserved in the refrigerator as long as 4 hours.nAt serving time, pour apple and cream mixture onto endive. Toss well to coat and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 small heads curly endive, preferably frisee, 3 large Granny Smith apples, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Curly Endive, Apple, and Gorgonzola Salad, picturelink: null}, 2500: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken and marinade: Mix the hoisin sauce, soy sauce, grated ginger, Sriracha, rice wine vinegar and grated garlic in a large bowl or resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken strips and marinate, refrigerated, for 2 hours.nHeat a grill pan over high heat.nRemove the chicken strips from the marinade and grill until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a serving platter and sprinkle with the peanuts and cilantro.nFor the lettuce and fillings: Set out the lettuce, bean sprouts, cabbage, carrots, cucumbers and rice noodles on the serving platter.nTo assemble, use the butter lettuce leaves to contain the chicken and fillings. Add some chili and hoisin sauce, then roll them up and eat, ingredients: [13 cup hoisin sauce, 13 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 3 cloves garlic, grated, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into strips, 2 tablespoons chopped peanuts, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 8 butter lettuce leaves, 1 cup bean sprouts, 1 cup thinly sliced red cabbage, 1 cup julienned carrots, 1 cup cucumber slices, 1 cup cooked thin rice noodles, 13 cup sweet chili sauce, 13 cup hoisin sauce], title: Thai Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: 0.nYOgjWN4bSYHw2I2Z320DVjbXHgWy}, 2501: {instructions: Combine the sugar, corn syrup, butter, and 34 cup of the cream in a heavybottomed saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring, over medium heat. Turn the heat to mediumlow. Place a candy thermometer in the pan. Boil the sugar, without stirring, until the mixture reaches 234 degrees F., the soft ball stage.nRemove pan from the heat, and carefully add the remaining cream and vanilla. Cool slightly. Serve the sauce warm.nTo store the butterscotch sauce, pour it into a heatproof jar. Cover with the lid and refrigerate for up to 2 week. To serve, loosen the cover on the jar and set jar in small pot of simmering water until heated through. Serve., ingredients: [1 14 cups packed light brown sugar, 23 cup light corn syrup, 14 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Butterscotch Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2502: {instructions: Mix the ice water and bread in a blender. Let stand for 5 minutes. Add the cucumber, yellow pepper, scallion, garlic, oil and vinegar, and blend until chunky. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Let the gazpacho chill for at least 1 hour. Divide the gazpacho among bowls and drizzle with the yogurt and basil., ingredients: [12 cup ice water, 1 slice firm white bread, 1 14 to 1 12 cucumbers, peeled, roughly chopped, 12 yellow pepper, seeded, roughly chopped, 1 scallion, white part only, roughly chopped, 1 small clove garlic, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup plain yogurt, for serving, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil, for serving], title: White Gazpacho, picturelink: wpLHt1qUsXTdTXI8LwlDA8Yrc6du.Xu}, 2503: {instructions: In a large deep skillet, saute 2 chopped red onions, 2 minced garlic cloves and 3 chopped celery stalks in 1 stick butter for 1 minute.nSeason with salt and pepper and add 4 diced peeled apples, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme, 1 teaspoon aniseed and 1 cup golden raisins cook 5 minutes.nPour in 4 go 6 cups chicken broth. Simmer until step 5.nIn a large bowl, mix 3 eggs, a scoop of grainy mustard and 3 tablespoons each chopped parsley and tarragon.nAdd to the bowl 8 cups each toasted pumpernickel and sourdough bread cubes and the hot broth mixture.nGently toss the stuffing, then spread in a buttered 9by13inch baking dish. Dot the top with butter or turkey pan drippings, cover and bake 30 minutes at 350. Uncover and bake until golden, 20 more minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: AppleRaisin Stuffing, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 2504: {instructions: Special equipment: 8in 20cm round deep cake pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C. Line the cake pan with parchment paper and brush or spray with oil. Cream together the butter and sugar in a large bowl until they begin to go pale. Add half the eggs and the allpurpose flour and mix well. Add the rest of the eggs, cake flour, unsweetened cocoa, salt, and baking powder and beat for a minute or two until the mixture is uniform. Dollop into the prepared pan and bake in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until a skewer inserted in the middle comes out clean. Let cool in the pan.nMeanwhile, make the buttercream. Put the butter and confectioners sugar in a bowl and whisk together until the mixture begins to go fluffy. Add the cooled melted chocolate and whisk for a further 2 minutes.nOnce the cake is completely cool, remove from the pan. Carefully cut the top flat with a large serrated knife. Eat this bit as a chefs perk. Turn the cake upside down on an 8in 20cm cake board so that the bottom now becomes a nice flat top. Split the cake horizontally and sandwich the top and bottom together with a 12in 1cm layer of buttercream. Spread half the remaining buttercream all over the top and sides of the cake, making it as smooth as possible. Put it in the refrigerator to set before doing another layer. This makes it much easier to get good squaredoff edges.nGently push the cigarillos or wafers vertically onto the sides of the cake, positioning them as straight as possible and making sure they touch the bottom. The next step is up to you. I cant tell you the wideeyed looks youll get when you walk into the room holding the finished cake. Decorate with fresh flowers for a Christening or wedding, strawberries for a big family gathering, or with figs for a mans birthday. Serve with a selfsatisfied grin., ingredients: [Vegetable oil or oil spray, 1 34 sticks7oz200g butter, softened, 1 cup7oz200g superfine sugar, 4 eggs, 12 cup2 12oz60g allpurpose flour, 23 cup4 12oz120g cake flour, 23 cup75g3oz unsweetened cocoa, Pinch of salt, 2 tsp baking powder, 14oz400g dark, milk, or white chocolate cigarillos 75 to 80 in total or chocolate rolled wafers, 2 14 sticks9oz250g butter, softened, 4 12 cups1lb 2oz500g confectioners sugar, 3 12 oz100g good dark chocolate at least 70percent cocoa solids, melted and slightly cooled, Fresh flowers, for a Christening cake, Strawberries or raspberries, for the girls, Figs, quartered, for the boys], title: I Cant Believe You Made That Cake, picturelink: null}, 2505: {instructions: In a small bowl combine poultry, anchovies, scallions and bind with some olive oil, vinegar and olives season with salt and pepper and basil. Broil or grill bread, brush with olive oil and rub with garlic top with washed leaves, pile chicken on and top with cubed tomatoes., ingredients: [2 cups cooked skinless roasted bird, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 ounce can flat anchovies, chopped, 1 to 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Olive oil and balsamic vinegar, 2 to 4 tablespoons chopped dry cured pitted imported olives, Cubed seeded plum tomatoes, Chopped basil, Grilled or broiled Italian or Tuscan bread rubbed with garlic, Lettuce, arugula leaves], title: Italian Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 2506: {instructions: Heat the butter over medium heat in a skillet that has a lid. Add the pasta and toast until deep golden and nutty. Add the leeks and wilt, 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and add wine, if using, and cook until it evaporates. Add the rice and the chicken stock and lemon zest. Bring to a boil, and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cover and cook until almost tender, 15 minutes. Add the chicken, lemon juice and parsley. Cover, let stand 5 to 10 minutes, then serve.nGet Rachaels shopping list for this episodes recipes here.nPlace the cleaned chicken in a pot on bed of bay leaves, carrots, garlic, lemon, onions, celery and parsley. Fill the pot covering the top of the chicken with about 12 cups water. Sprinkle with salt and throw in a couple of peppercorns. Bring the water to a low boil then gently cook at low rolling simmer for about 1 hour, turning the chicken occasionally. Turn off the heat and allow the chicken to cool completely in its own juices. Remove the chicken and separate the meat from the skin and bones. Strain and reserve all of the cooking liquids., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 13 to 12 cup broken linguini, 2 leeks, trimmed and chopped into thin half moons, Salt and pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, optional, 1 14 cups white rice, 3 cups chicken stock, reserved from Poached Chicken, recipe follows, 1 lemon, juiced and zested, 3 cups cooked chicken, about half of meat from Poached Chicken, recipe follows, 12 cup parsley, chopped, 1 whole chicken, 5 pounds, 2 bay leaves, 2 carrots, coarsely chopped, with stems, if you have them, 2 large cloves garlic, crushed, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 onion, quartered, A few stalks celery with leafy tops, coarsely chopped, A small handful fresh parsley with stems, Salt, A few peppercorns], title: Lemon Chicken and Leek Rice Pilaf, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 2507: {instructions: Combine the papaya, banana, strawberries and about 15 ice cubes in a blender and puree until smooth. Pour into 2ounce shot glasses and garnish with pineapple andor cherries.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 small papaya, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 banana, sliced, 12 cup sliced strawberries, Pineapple wedges andor maraschino cherries, for garnish], title: Papaya Smoothies, picturelink: qYyUp4ObVQXbK8NIoLx70FIiRUJdR16}, 2508: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut turkey into bitesize pieces and set aside.nArrange the mixed greens on salad plates or large serving platter. Top with turkey, strawberries, kiwi, and cashews.nIn a small bowl, whisk together broth, honey, sesame oil, and honey mustard. Season to taste with salt and black pepper. Pour mixture over turkey and spinach salad., ingredients: [1 1 12pound reserved cooked turkey tenderloin, sliced, 4 cups mixed greens, 1 cup sliced strawberries, 2 sliced kiwi, 12 cup dryroasted, salted cashews, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 teaspoons honey mustard, Salt and ground black pepper], title: TurkeyMixed Greens Salad with Strawberries, Kiwi and Cashews in HoneySesame Dressing, picturelink: zK40gyZHg5NoW1RRehtMqcc31daC}, 2509: {instructions: Make the crab cakes: Place half of the cracker crumbs in a large bowl. Drizzle in the egg, then stir in the mayonnaise, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, parsley, celery leaves, celery seeds, mustard powder, chili powder, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Gently fold in the crabmeat. Form into six 3inchwide patties about 12 cup crab mixture each. Spread the remaining cracker crumbs on a plate press the crab cakes in the crumbs on both sides and around the edges. Transfer to a baking sheet. Cover and refrigerate until firm, 2 to 6 hours.nMake the sauce: Mix the mayonnaise, lemon juice, pickles, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce and scallions in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPosition a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Brush the crab cakes with the 6 tablespoons melted butter and bake until golden, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the salad: Gently toss the lettuce, endive, tomatoes, celery, scallions, chervil and parsley in a large bowl drizzle with the olive oil, season with salt and pepper and toss again. Serve with the crab cakes and sauce.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [24 saltine crackers, crushed into coarse crumbs about 1 cup, 1 large egg, beaten, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon minced celery leaves, 14 teaspoon celery seeds, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 14 teaspoon chili powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup mayonnaise, Juice of 12 lemon, 3 tablespoons minced dill pickles, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 scallions, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large head Boston lettuce, cut into chunks, 4 heads red or regular endive, quartered lengthwise, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 4 inner stalks celery, leaves coarsely chopped, stems diced, 4 scallions, halved lengthwise and cut into 1 12inch pieces, 12 cup fresh chervil, tarragon andor dill leaves and tender stems, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Crab Cakes With Herb Salad, picturelink: gKZeH4pxgayPVNrZOibIh.u5bA83nK}, 2510: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and lightly spray a 2quart ovensafe casserole dish with nonstick cooking spray. Set aside.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the pasta until al dente, following the directions on the pasta package. Youll want it to still have a bite to it because it will finish cooking in the oven. Drain well.nMeanwhile, in a large skillet, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Whisk in the flour and cook, whisking vigorously, 1 to 2 minutes. Continue to whisk as you add the milk, then let the mixture gently come to a simmer and thicken, about 5 minutes.nAdd the Cheddar and gruyere and stir together with a spatula until all the cheese has melted. Add salt and pepper to taste. Remove the skillet from the heat.nAdd the pasta to the cheese sauce and gently toss until everything is covered. Sprinkle half the bacon into the skillet and toss to incorporate. Pour the pasta mixture into the prepared casserole dish. Top with the remainder of the bacon, then bake, uncovered, until the mixture is bubbly and the pasta is cooked through, 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let sit for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups orecchiette pasta, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, 1 cup shredded sharp white Cheddar, 1 cup shredded gruyere cheese, Salt and ground black pepper, 8 slices crispy cooked bacon, finely chopped], title: Ultimate Mac n Cheese Casserole for Two, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 2511: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a small bowl, toss together the cheeses, herbs and cracked black pepper. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the cheese mixture.nIn a separate small bowl, whisk the egg with 2 teaspoons water to make an egg wash.nRoll the puff pastry out on a floured surface to a rectangle about 12by10 12 inches. Brush the entire surface with egg wash. Cut the pastry in half crosswise forming 2 rectangles. Sprinkle the herb cheese mixture over one rectangle and top with the other. Using the rolling pin, roll the pastry just to help the 2 rectangles adhere. Using a pizza wheel or a sharp knife, cut the layered pastry into 12inchwide strips youll get about 24. Twist each strip and transfer it to a prepared baking sheet, pinching each of the ends tightly, spacing the strips about 2 inches apart from one another. Brush strips with egg wash and sprinkle with reserved cheese mixture.nBake until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack before serving., ingredients: [12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup finely shredded gruyere cheese, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh Italian parsley, 2 teaspoons cracked black pepper, 1 large egg, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry from a 17.3ounce package, thawed, Flour, for dusting], title: Parmesan, Black Pepper and Rosemary Cheese Straws, picturelink: null}, 2512: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the ice cream and milk into a blender and puree. Add in the cake and blend. Serve the shake with a spoon and a straw in a pint glass. If you want to spike it up, add some espresso or coffee liqueur for an adult version., ingredients: [4 cups vanilla ice cream, 12 to 1 cup whole milk, One 8ounce piece leftover chocolate cake, 2 shots espresso or coffee liqueur, optional], title: Chocolate Cake Shake, picturelink: 8SwmiWgBnuzL1PMchfWGbWmSCOCFwTq}, 2513: {instructions: Combine the beef chuck cubes and the bone with 10 cups water, garlic and onion in large pot. Sprinkle with the salt and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce to a simmer. Simmer for 30 minutes. Then uncover and skim off the foam and grease. Add the carrots, celery stick, chayote squash, corn, zucchini and cabbage. Cover, and continue simmering for 30 more minutes. Turn the heat off and serve hot with lime wedges, hot sauce and warm corn tortillas., ingredients: [One 2pound bonein beef chuck, cut into 1inch cubes, 4 cloves garlic, 12 medium white onion, Pinch salt, 2 carrots, cut into 1inch rounds, 1 celery stick, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 chayote squash, cut in 2inch strips, 1 corn on the cob, halved, 1 zucchini, cut into 2inch chunks, 12 head cabbage, quartered, Lime wedges, for serving, Hot sauce, for serving, Corn tortillas, warmed, for serving], title: Beef Soup Caldo de Res, picturelink: CoMCZvA6yOd3EZYIfpNcBCrAa2AN7Su}, 2514: {instructions: Whip the egg yolks until they are pale yellow and doubled in volume. In another bowl, whip the egg whites until frothy, gradually adding the sugar until the foam becomes stiff. Fold half of the whipped egg whites into the yolks. Fold in the remaining egg whites thoroughly, until uniform in color. In 4 batches, fold in the sifted flour and the baking powder then the butter.nImmediately pour the batter into two 10inch greased cake pans and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven F for about 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean. Allow the cakes to cool on a rack. After theyve cooled, run the tip of a knife around the edge of the cakes to loosen them from the pans and remove. Using a long serrated knife, slice both cakes into 12inch thick disks. Only 3 will be needed, reserve the rest for future use.nPlace a 10inch springform pan without a bottom on a 12inch cakeboard. Place 1 layer of the sponge cake on the bottom, and generously brush with the syrup. Spread the jam evenly over the syrup and place a second layer of sponge cake on top of the jam. Brush with syrup and spread the prepared cream on this layer. Top with a third layer of sponge cake and again, brush with the syrup. Using your hands, press lightly on the cake to ensure cake is level. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nRemove the springform mold from the cake and generously frost the sides with the reserved Whipped Cream. Pour the remaining Whipped Cream directly on the center of the top of the cake and using a spatula, make a mound, working from the center out. The height of the Whipped Cream should be approximately 1 12inches in the center and about 12inch on the edges.nDust a work surface again with confectioners sugar and roll the light green marzipan to a 110inch thick circle, using as much confectioners sugar as necessary during rolling to prevent the marzipan from sticking to the work surface. When youre finished rolling, marzipan should be stretched enough to cover the entire cake and sides. Roll marzipan on rolling pin and gently lay it down on top of the cake, smoothing out the dome and lightly pressing on the bottom edges of the cake to form a perfect dome. Decorate with leftover marzipan, making a braided border on the edge of the cake or simply dust the entire cake with confectioners sugar.nBring the milk and vanilla bean to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Remove from heat and let sit for 10 minutes to infuse. Remove vanilla bean. Whisk the eggs, cornstarch, sugar, and salt in a bowl until smooth. Add half of the milk into the bowl containing the eggs, whisking constantly, then return the mixture to the saucepan containing the remaining milk, whisking over moderate heat. Continue whisking until the mixture is thickened and begins to simmer. Allow cream filling to simmer, whisking for an additional 2 minutes. Transfer into another bowl, cover and allow to cool completely.nWhisk heavy cream with sugar until it is firm and holds its shape, being careful not to over whip. Fold onefifth of the cream into the cooled pastry cream and refrigerate, covered, until chilled approximately 1 hour. Reserve the remaining whipped cream in the refrigerator, covered.nBring water and sugar to a boil in a medium saucepan, remove from heat and allow to cool.nColor a walnut size piece of marzipan with the green food coloring until the marzipan is deep green. Reserve. Using a sifter or a fine mesh strainer, dust a scrupulously clean work surface with confectioners sugar. Tear off a peasized piece of green marzipan and knead it with the remaining marzipan until it is uniform in color. Add additional pieces from the green marzipan until it achieves a light green color it should be the color of a Granny Smith apple. Discard the leftover deep green marzipan., ingredients: [8 eggs, separated, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 cups flour, sifted, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 3 ounces melted butter, Cream Filling, recipe follows, Whipped Cream, recipe follows, Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 8 ounces raspberry jam, Marzipan Dome, recipe follows, 2 cups milk, 1 split vanilla bean, 2 eggs, 5 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 5 cups heavy cream, 10 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 pounds marzipan, Green food coloring, Confectioners sugar for rolling], title: Princess Cake, picturelink: LXb7AE4qAW1MCwQAd1F.7f.bHVdTCLu}, 2515: {instructions: Slice the eggplant crosswise about 14 to 38inch thick  make slices as consistent as possible. If the base of the eggplant is very large, cut it in half lengthwise. Soak the sliced eggplant in a large bowl of warm, salted water for 1 to 2 hours. Make sure the eggplant is completely submerged in the salt water.nScramble the 3 eggs with salt and pepper to make an egg wash. Remove eggplant slices from the salt bath, shake off excess moisture, and dip into egg wash. Then dip the eggplant slices, 1 at a time, into a flat plate filled with seasoned bread crumbs, covering all surfaces, and set aside. Continue breading the eggplant until all slices are done. Discard excess egg wash and bread crumbs.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add enough olive oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan and allow it to heat up. Add more oil as necessary during cooking.nAdd the breaded eggplant slices to the pan, cover and cook until you begin to see the eggplant become translucent, about 5 minutes. If it begins to burn, lower heat and allow it to cook slowly. Using a large spatula, turn eggplant onto the other side and cook 1 to 2 more minutes with the lid on until eggplant is completely tender.nWhen eggplant is completely cooked, remove from frying pan and place onto paper towels to blot any excess oil.nPlace 2 or 3 eggplant slices onto warmed Italian roll, top with shredded mozzarella cheese, then warm marinara sauce. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 large firm eggplant, 3 large eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups Italian seasoned bread crumbs, 12 cup olive oil, approximately, 6 Italian style hoagie rolls, warmed in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 5 minutes before serving, 1 cup partskim Mozzarella, shredded, 2 cups prepared marinara sauce, warm], title: Eggplant Parmigiana Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 2516: {instructions: Place the egg yolks, lemon juice, garlic, salt and pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until smooth. With the processor running, slowly pour the oils into the bowl through the feed tube and process until emulsified. Add the basil and continue processing until finely pureed. Store the mayonnaise in the refrigerator.nFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell. For recipes that call for eggs that are raw or undercooked when the dish is served use shell eggs that have been treated to destroy Salmonella, by pasteurization or another approved method., ingredients: [4 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup good olive oil, 1 cup chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Basil Mayonnaise, picturelink: LOZEGPJMhlwqcG7NoC2U5yQpfDg8.T.}, 2517: {instructions: Heat oil in large nonstick skillet and cook onion until tender. Stir in garlic and chicken. Cook chicken until golden brown. Stir in the balsamic vinegar and let simmer for 1 minutes. Stir in honey and Dijon and toss to coat. Add pine nuts and season with salt and pepper. Top mixed greens with chicken mixture and fresh grated Parmesan., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon garlic, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, sliced into 12inch strips, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, Salt and pepper, Mixed greens, Fresh grated Parmesan cheese], title: Balsamic Vinegar Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 2518: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nRoll the dough into a 20by14inch rectangle on a lightly floured work surface. Working from the shorter end of the dough, scatter the Cheddar evenly over half of the dough, leaving a 1inch border on the sides. Arrange the pulled pork evenly over the Cheddar, then spoon 1 cup barbecue sauce over the pork. Working from the short side with the filling, tightly roll the dough up, jelly rollstyle into a log. Pinch the open seams together to seal shut, then tuck them underneath the log.nTransfer the log to the prepared baking sheet and brush with the egg wash. Bake until the bread is golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes.nLet the bread cool for 10 minutes. Halve the bread lengthwise, then cut each half crosswise into 4 equal pieces and serve warm with the remaining cup barbecue sauce on the side, along with pickles and coleslaw.nCombine the ketchup, sugar, whiskey, chili powder, mustard powder, onion powder, vinegar, Worcestershire, garlic powder, coriander, cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper and 1 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Cook the barbecue sauce, stirring, until the sugar dissolves and the sauce thickens, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and let the sauce cool completely., ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 12 pounds storebought pizza dough see Cooks Note, 4 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 3 cups packed leftover pulled pork about 1 34 pounds, 2 cups Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, or storebought, 1 large egg, beaten, for egg wash, Dill pickles and coleslaw, for serving, 1 13 cups ketchup, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup whiskey or bourbon, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons dry mustard powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 4 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Barbecue Pulled Pork Garbage Bread, picturelink: null}, 2519: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan cook the onion in1 tablespoon of the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the turmeric, and the red pepper flakes, and cook the mixture, stirring for 1 minute. Stir in the tomato paste, the broth, the water, the broth, the merguez, the carrot, the turnip, the cinnamon stick, and the bay leaf and simmer the mixture, covered, for 20 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender. Add the chickpeas and simmer the mixture for 5 minutes. Strain 1 cup of the cooking liquid into a small saucepan, add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, and bring the mixture to a boil. Stir in the couscous, remove the pan from the heat, and let the mixture stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Fluff the couscous with a fork, divide it between 2 plates, and make a well in the center of each serving. Transfer the meat and vegetables with a slotted spoon to the wells and serve the remaining cooking broth separately to moisten the dish as desired., ingredients: [2 small onions, chopped fine, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 4 teaspoons tomato paste, 3 cups chicken broth, 112 cups water, 12 pound merguez cut in half, 2 carrots, cut diagonally into 12inch thick slices, 2 turnip, peeled and cut 112inchthick wedges, 2 3inch cinnamon stick, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup canned chickpeas, rinsed well and drained, 1 12 cups couscous], title: Merguez Couscous, picturelink: null}, 2520: {instructions: Warm half of the cream with the scraped vanilla bean in a small saucepan on medium heat for about 2 minutes. Keep aside.nMeanwhile, whisk together the egg yolks and the sugar in a bowl until the color becomes light and pale, about 2 minutes. Remove the vanilla pod and pour the warm cream over the egg mixture while constantly stirring. Reheat the mixture on low heat stirring constantly until it thickens and coats the back of a spoon, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, in a medium saucepan on medium heat, reduce by half the balsamic vinegar, about 10 minutes. Let it cool to room temperature.nOnce your custard is cool, whip the remaining cream and fold it in with the custard mixture using a wooden spoon. Add the olive oil and fold in everything together. Drizzle 34 of the reduced balsamic vinegar in the cream mixture and use a fork to make swirl patterns. Pour the mixture in a stainless steel container and drizzle the leftover of the balsamic on top.nPut in the freezer until firm, a minimum of 4 hoursnFor the serving: Scoop into nice bowls and serve with fresh berries., ingredients: [4 cups 35percent cream, 1 vanilla bean, cut in half and seeds scraped, 6 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup fruity extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups balsamic vinegar, Fresh berries, as a garnish], title: Caramel Balsamic Swirl Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 2521: {instructions: Cut cumbers into thin rounds. Spread some cheese on sliced cucumbers. Cut ham into 1 12inch wide strips. Wrap ham around cucumbers and cheese., ingredients: [12 European seedless cucumber, 1 round soft cheese with garlic and herbs, 6 ounces recommended: Boursin, 2 slices, deli cut, Mandrange French ham or boiled ham], title: Ham and Cheese Cucumber Snackers, picturelink: null}, 2522: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whip the egg whites until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and salt and continue whipping until soft peaks form. With the mixer running, gradually add 1 cup of the sugar and continue whipping until stiff and the sugar has dissolved, about 30 seconds. Sift the remaining 12 cup sugar with the presifted cake flour 3 times, to aerate the mixture. Fold into the egg whites, then fold in the vanilla.nSpoon the batter into ungreased extralarge muffin tins. Bake until light golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool the cakes by turning the muffin tin upside down and suspending it with small ramekins placed in the corners until they cool to room temperature. Run a butter knife around the cakes to loosen, then knock the cakes out onto a plate, or work them out with your fingers. The outside of the cake will remain in the pan leaving the cake whiter and more angelic looking.nMake the macerated fruit by lightly tossing together the fruit, liqueur, lemon juice, and mint and let macerate in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes before serving. Hollow out the center of the large cup cakes. Fill the cavity with some fruit then turn them over onto dessert plates. Spoon the macerated berries and juices over the cakes and sprinkle with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 12 cups egg whites from about 1 dozen eggs, at room temperature, 1 14 teaspoons cream of tartar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 18 cups sifted cake flour, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 pint raspberries, 12 pint blackberries or blueberries, 1 pint strawberries, hulled green tops removed and sliced, 14 cup orange liqueur, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 mint leaves, julienned, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Angel food Cakes with Berries in Orange Liqueur, picturelink: null}, 2523: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the cold butter on medium speed, about 1 minute. Add the brown sugar and granulated sugar and mix until incorporated. Add the eggs and vanilla. Mix on mediumlow speed until the mixture looks separated. Turn off the machine and add the dry ingredients. Mix on low speed just until the dough comes together. Turn off the machine and fold in the chocolate chips by hand using a rubber spatula.nDrop the dough onto a parchmentlined sheet tray in 1cup mounds. Place the tray in the freezer and freeze for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBake straight from the freezer until still slightly under baked in the middle but golden brown around the edges and beginning to brown on top, 20 minutes.nCool the cookies on the tray for 5 minutes before cooling completely on a wire rack., ingredients: [3 cups bread flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, chilled and cubed, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs, chilled, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup bittersweet chocolate chips, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Sin City Cookies, picturelink: bYUb4skBOmACcjrgyCbF6j1cj8ckPra}, 2524: {instructions: PREPARE brownie mix as directed on package, using the water. Cool completely. Remove from tray.nPOINT fivestar tip at a 45 degree angle in the center of brownie. Press nozzle, making circles moving outward in one continuous motion. Building on frosting base, make circles moving back toward center. Release and lift nozzle. Top with decorator sprinkles, if desired., ingredients: [1 7.1 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Brownie Minisu2122 Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix, 3 tbsps. water, 1 13.5 oz. can Pillsbury Easy Frostu00ae Decadent Chocolate Fudge NoFuss Frosting, Decorator sprinkles optional], title: BiteSized Brownies with Chocolate Fudge Frosting, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 2525: {instructions: Put the short ribs in a large heavy pot. Season with 3 teaspoons salt and cover with water by about 1 inch. Bring to a boil over medium heat, skimming any foam from the surface. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the meat is tender, 2 hours, 30 minutes to 3 hours. Transfer the short ribs to a cutting board with a slotted spoon and let cool slightly, then shred the meat from the bone. Skim the fat off the broth in the pot reserve the broth.nMeanwhile, soak the dried chiles in warm water until soft, about 30 minutes. Drain and transfer to a blender add the tomatoes, onion, garlic, peppercorns, achiote paste and cumin and process until smooth, adding water if necessary.nMix about 1 cup reserved broth into the chile puree, then pour the puree through a finemesh sieve into the pot of broth. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 30 minutes. Add the shredded meat and simmer 10 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nUse tongs to divide the meat among the tortillas. Top with pickled onions serve with the remaining cooking liquid and lime wedges.nPickled Red OnionsnMix 1 thinly sliced large red onion, 34 cup each white vinegar and water, 6 tablespoons sugar and 12 teaspoon each crumbled oregano and salt in a large resealable plastic bag seal and shake, then refrigerate at least 24 hours.nPhotograph by Andrew McCaul, ingredients: [3 pounds bonein beef short ribs, Kosher salt, 5 dried California chile peppers, stemmed and seeded, 5 dried pasilla chile peppers, stemmed and seeded, 2 dried ancho chile peppers, stemmed and seeded, 4 medium tomatoes, cored and quartered, 1 small white onion, quartered, 4 cloves garlic, 12 black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon achiote paste available at Latin markets, Pinch of cumin seeds, Freshly ground pepper, 12 to 16 small corn tortillas, warmed, Pickled red onions, for topping below, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Birria Tacos, picturelink: onJFt78gH9XO7HReiqAzHaBYG4srrW}, 2526: {instructions: Melt butter in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add leek and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add stock and potato and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 25 minutes, stirring occasionally. Puree soup in batches in processor or blender. Return soup to the saucepan. Add halfandhalf and bring to simmer. Can be prepared 1 day ahead, covered and refrigerated. Bring to simmer before continuing. Gradually add all cheeses to soup and whisk until melted. Ladle soup into bowls and garnish with tarragon., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium leek, green parts only, chopped, 4 cups chicken stock, or canned lowsodium broth, 1 medium potato, peeled and diced, 2 cups halfandhalf, 34 cup freshly grated provolone, 34 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 34 cup freshly grated mozzarella, 34 cup freshly grated Cheddar, Freshly chopped tarragon leaves, for garnish], title: Cheesy Soup, picturelink: null}, 2527: {instructions: For the ricotta:nCombine ingredients in a large mixing bowl and stir together.nFor the pesto:nCombine garlic, basil, pine nuts and parmesan in a food processor. Slowly add olive oil as dry ingredients are processing.nPreheat oven to 550 degrees F.nSprinkle flour on a wooden cutting board or preparation surface. Slap out the ball of dough into a circle about 14inch thick. Spread a layer of pesto on dough a few inches across, leaving about 1inch around the edges uncovered. Add ricotta and toppings and fold the dough over the toppings to create a half moon. Press down along the edges to create a seal so the melted cheese will not leak out. Bake for 15 minutes on a pizza stone. Rotate halfway through to ensure they cook evenly. Serve with marinara sauce.nTo deepfry:nPreheat peanut oil to 350 degrees F. Use an egg wash to seal the edges of the dough. Place in the fryer basket and deepfry for 6 to 8 minutes, until golden brown., ingredients: [1 pound soprafina ricotta, 3 tablespoons dried basil, 3 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon butter, 13 pounds fresh basil, 2 cups pine nuts, 1 34 cups shredded Parmesan, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 4 to 5 cloves garlic, 2 balls storebought dough, Bench flour, Marinara sauce, for dipping, Italian Sausage, cooked, Mushrooms, sliced, Onions, sliced, Baby spinach, Roma Tomatoes, sliced, Parmesan cheese, shredded, Mozzarella cheese, shredded, 2 eggs, beaten, for egg wash, if frying], title: Baked and Fried Calzone, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 2528: {instructions: Annatto Flour: Combine all ingredients in a bowl and mix well. Pass through strainer and sift until no lumps exist.nSalmon: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the cedar boards tightly together on a 14 sheet pan or large jellyroll pan. Moisten the boards with water to saturate. Rub the boards with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Rub each salmon fillet with salt and pepper. Lightly coat with the annatto flour mixture. Place the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in hot saute pan. Pan sear the fillets until golden. Remove from pan and place on cedar boards. Place in the oven and cook for 7 minutes.nChard: Wash the chard thoroughly and towel dry. Chop coarsely and set aside. In hot saute pan, add 2 tablespoons olive oil and the shallots. Saute until the shallots are soft, then add the chard. Cook until chard begins to soften, approximately 2 minutes. Remove from heat.nBean Saute: In a hot saute pan, add the olive oil and heat. When the oil is hot, add the shallots and saute for 1 minute. Add the beans, salt, and pepper, and saute for 3 minutes. Remove from heat.nSaffron Orange Beurre Blanc: Combine white wine, minced shallot, and rice wine vinegar in saucepot. Reduce on medium heat until reduced by 50 percent. Slowly whisk in butter over very low heat until blended. Add saffron and orange zest and whisk in until blended thoroughly. Keep warm until service. Best to make last minute as it can separate.nThis dish presents itself best if served in bistro bowls. Layer bottom of each bowl with equal amounts of Sauteed chard. Add 12 cup sauteed beans, and top with salmon fillet. Drizzle beurre blanc along the outside of chard. Garnish with citrus zest and capers, if desired.nWine Recommendation: Chardonnay, ingredients: [14 cup four, 18 cup achiote paste, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 3 cedar boards 16 34 by 3 34inch, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 6 4 to 6ounce salmon fillets, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 14 cup annatto flour, 3 bunches chard, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 cup flageolet beans, 1 cup cannelloni beans, 1 cup christmas limas, Pinch salt, Pinch pepper, 14 cup white wine, 18 cup minced shallot, 18 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 cups sweet butter, 4 strands saffron, 1 teaspoon orange zest, Citrus zest and capers, for garnish], title: Baked Cedar Board Salmon over Chard and Bean Saute in Saffron Orange Beurre Blanc, picturelink: null}, 2529: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nFor the crust: Heres a supereasy nofuss way to make this crust. Break the graham crackers into a food processor with the sugar. Pulse until the crumbs resemble fine meal. Pour the crumbs into a 9inch springform pan. Pour the melted butter over the mixture, bring together with your fingers and press into the bottom of the pan.nCooks Note: Feel free to experiment with other graham crackers or cookies. Swap cinnamon or chocolate graham crackers for the original graham crackers for a tasty twist.nFor the cheesecake: In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese on high speed until fluffy. Reduce the speed and, with the mixer running, add the eggs. Increase the speed to incorporate the eggs. Add in the pumpkin puree, sweetened condensed milk and maple syrup. Next, add in the cinnamon, nutmeg and salt. Beat the mixture for awhile this will make the cheesecake light and fluffy. Pour the pumpkin mixture into the prepared crust. Tap the pan lightly on the work surface to remove any air pockets.nBake until the center appears nearly set, but jiggles a little when shaken, 1 hour and 15 minutes. Cool for 1 hour. Cover and chill at least 4 hours, or overnight.nFor the glaze: In a medium saucepan, combine the cream and maple syrup and bring to a boil. Boil until slightly thickened, 25 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the pecan pieces. Cover and chill. Stir together before serving.nTo serve: Spoon the maple pecan glaze over the cheesecake., ingredients: [10 graham crackers, finely ground 1 13 cups crumbs, 14 cup sugar, 5 tablespoons butter, melted, 3 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 large eggs, at room temperature for 30 minutes, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin puree not pumpkin pie filling, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 3 tablespoons pure grade B maple syrup, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 cup heavy cream, 23 cup pure grade B maple syrup, 34 cup pecan pieces], title: Pumpkin Maple Pecan Cheesecake, picturelink: I2ZNn3zlP.GQum4MeDAd1AU6.pnQkW.}, 2530: {instructions: Combine the dried peas, bacon, thyme, tomatoes, chiles and garlic in a large pot. Season with salt and pepper and pour the chicken broth over top. Simmer over mediumlow heat until the peas are tender, about 1 hour.nDrain the peas, reserving the cooking liquid. Discard the thyme and chiles. Remove the bacon, tomatoes and garlic from the cooked peas and set aside. Cut up the bacon and fold it back into the peas along with the cilantro, scallions and lemon juice.nPuree the cooking liquid with the tomatoes and garlic in a blender. Dress the peas with the puree and give it a final seasoning with salt and pepper, if necessary. Top with cilantro and a drizzle of olive oil.nPhotographs by James Baigrie, ingredients: [3 cups dried blackeyed peas, 2 slices thickcut bacon, 14 bunch fresh thyme, 2 tomatoes, quartered, 5 dried red chile peppers, 5 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish, 4 scallions, chopped, Juice of 1 lemon, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Spicy BlackEyedPea Relish, picturelink: qYyUp4ObVQXbK8NIoLx70FIiRUJdR16}, 2531: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSmash the garlic clove with the back of a knife. Add garlic to the other ingredients in a jar or other airtight container. Cover, shake well and serve. Store in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 whole clove garlic, peeled, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Simple Salad Dressing, picturelink: MjOp7f2WRsSfv1Fr6DxuLM2tAd7ltAO}, 2532: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Put a baking sheet into the oven to preheat.nIn a large bowl combine 1 tablespoon of the canola oil with 1 teaspoon of salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Add the sliced potatoes to the bowl and toss to coat. Remove the baking sheet from the oven, and add the potato slices, making sure they are all in a single layer. Transfer to the oven and bake for 8 minutes.nIn a skillet, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and saute for 2 minutes. Stir in the garlic and spinach and saute for another 2 minutes.nIn a large bowl whisk together the eggs, milk and remaining salt and pepper. Mix in the cheese and the onion and spinach mixture and set aside.nSpray an ovenproof skillet with nonstick cooking spray. Turn the oven down to 350 degrees F. Remove the potatoes from the oven and add them to the skillet. Pour in the egg mixture and transfer the skillet to the oven. Bake until the eggs have set, about 30 to 35 minutes.nRemove from oven and let cool for 5 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature, directly from the skillet., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, divided, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 russet potato, thinly sliced, 12 medium yellow onion, diced, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and water squeezed out, 4 eggs, 1 cup milk, 12 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Spinach and Potato Frittata, picturelink: null}, 2533: {instructions: Two hours before grilling, remove the provolone cheese from the refrigerator and let sit at room temperature. Letting the cheese sit out in the air will allow the cheese to form a crust and make it easier to grill.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh direct heat, leaving some space for indirect cooking.nGrill the chorizo, turning occasionally, until nicely charred and hot inside, about15 minutes. Chop roughly and set aside.nHeat a griddle over the direct heat. Lightly brush the top of the cheese with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the griddle, seasonedside down, and cook until the cheese is dark golden brown and crusty, about 5 minutes. Brush the top lightly with oil, season again, carefully flip over and move the griddle to the indirect heat. Continue cooking until the bottom begins to turn light brown and the cheese is melty, covering if need be. Remove to a plate and sprinkle with the oregano and red pepper flakes.nBrush the bread on each side with some olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill over direct heat for about 1 minute per sidethe bread should be crisp and a bit charred outside, but chewy inside.nHeat a griddle or castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter and melt. Crack the eggs into the skillet, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cover with another pan. Cook until the whites are set and the yolks still runny, about 3 minutes.nWhile the eggs cook, whisk together the vinegar and mustard in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in 12 cup olive oil until emulsified. Taste and whisk in the honey if desired. Put the rocket, tomatoes and onions in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle some vinaigrette around the sides of the bowl and gently toss to coat.nTo serve: Smear some cheese on the toasted bread. Top with an egg, chopped chorizo, a drizzle of olive oil and parsley leaves. Serve each crostini with some rocket salad., ingredients: [One 2inch thick round of young provolone, 1 pound link chorizo, Canola oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 slices Italian or French bread, cut 12inch thick on a sharp diagonal, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, 3 tablespoons aged sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon clover honey, optional, 4 ounces rocket arugula, 3 ripe plum tomatoes, cored and quartered, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced], title: Tomato, Red Onion and Rocket Salad with Fried Egg, Grilled Chorizo and Grilled Provoleto Crostini, picturelink: 0tIbWOyf6sPPPrKKDZsYkNaWNCgHkya}, 2534: {instructions: In a medium sized pot heat vegetable oil to 350 degrees. In a shallow dish, toss shrimp in 2 cups of flour seasoned with salt, pepper, and cayenne to taste. Shake off the excess flour and fry until golden, about 3 minutes While the shrimp are frying, combine soft butter and hot sauce in a large bowl. Toss the shrimp in the butter and hot sauce until they are well coated., ingredients: [1 cup of vegetable oil, 1 pound 12 to 14 count shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 cups flour, Salt and pepper, Cayenne pepper to taste, cup soft butter, 12 cup hot sauce], title: Buffalo Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 2535: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chickens, onions, carrots, celery, parsnips, parsley, thyme, dill, garlic, and seasonings in a 16 to 20quart stockpot. Add 7 quarts of water and bring to a boil. Simmer, uncovered, for 1 hour. Remove 2 of the chickens and allow to cool slightly. Remove the breast meat from both chickens and set aside. Return the remaining chicken and carcasses to the pot and continue simmering, uncovered, for 3 more hours. Strain the entire contents of the pot through a colander and chill. Remove the surface fat, then reheat the stock as follows, or pack in containers and freeze.nTo serve the soup, return the stock to the pot and reheat, adding the diced carrots, celery, dill, and parsley. Shred the reserved chicken breast meat into large pieces and add to the stock. Simmer over low heat for 5 minutes to cook the vegetables and reheat the chicken. Season, to taste, and serve as is, or ladle each serving over 2 warm Matzo Balls.nWhisk together the egg yolks, chicken stock, chicken fat, parsley, and salt. Stir in the matzo meal. In the bowl of an electric mixer with a whisk attachment, whip the egg whites with a pinch of salt until they are stiff. Whisk them into the matzo mixture until it is smooth. Refrigerate for at least 15 minutes, or until the mixture is thick.nForm balls the size of golf balls by shaping them with 2 spoons, rolling them with your hands, or scooping them with a small ice cream scoop. Drop them into simmering chicken stock and cook for 30 minutes, or until fully cooked and puffed, turning once. Remove and serve hot in chicken soup., ingredients: [3 5pound roasting chickens, 3 large yellow onions, unpeeled and quartered, 6 carrots, unpeeled and halved, 4 stalks celery with leaves, cut into thirds, 4 parsnips, unpeeled and cut in half optional, 20 sprigs fresh parsley, 15 sprigs fresh thyme, 20 sprigs fresh dill, 1 head garlic, unpeeled and cut in half crosswise, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns, 4 cups 14inchdiced carrots, 4 cups 14inchdiced celery, 14 cup minced fresh dill, 14 cup minced fresh parsley, Matzo Balls, see recipe, 4 extralarge eggs, separated, 12 cup good chicken stock, 14 cup rendered chicken fat, melted, 12 cup minced fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for egg whites, 1 cup matzo meal], title: Chicken Soup, picturelink: O3seURR.kbS8tHw92sdX6rp6B9fdyq}, 2536: {instructions: Combine the dry ingredients in large bowl. Whisk wet ingredients in a separate mixing bowl. If using dry yeast, add it to the melted butter. Stir the wet mixture into the dry mixture, 13 at a time, until combined.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough vegetable oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 375 degrees F.nDrop tablespoons of the batter in batches into the oil and cook until golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the zeppoles to paper towels to drain. Let cool on a wire rack.nDip the zeppoles in the maple glaze, or your choice of powdered sugar, cinnamon sugar, chocolate, white chocolate, caramel, sprinkles, or bacon toppings. Arrange on a serving platter and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nIn a bowl, combine the powdered sugar and vanilla. Whisk in enough maple syrup to create a thick glaze. Add more sugar or maple syrup to achieve the consistency and taste you prefer., ingredients: [3 12 cups all purpose flour, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 1 cup sugar, 4 eggs, 2 cups buttermilk, 10 tablespoons melted butter, Package active dry yeast, optional, Vegetable oil, for frying, Maple Glaze, recipe follows, 2 cups powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup maple syrup], title: Z Bar Like Butta Zeppoles, picturelink: null}, 2537: {}, 2538: {instructions: Melt butter in a 10inch heavy skillet over low heat. Add brown sugar, allspice and nutmeg and stir until sugar dissolves. Add banana liqueur and bring sauce to simmer. Add bananas and cook for 1 minute on each side, carefully spooning sauce over bananas as they are cooking. Remove bananas from pan to a serving dish. Bring sauce to a simmer and carefully add the rum. If the sauce is very hot, the alcohol will flame on its own. If not, using stick flame, carefully ignite and continue cooking until flame dies out, approximately 1 to 2 minutes. If sauce is too thin, cook for 1 to 2 minutes until it is syrupy in consistency. Add orange zest and stir to combine. Immediately spoon the sauce over bananas and serve. Serve with waffles, crepes, or ice cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup 1.75 ounces dark brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 1 tablespoon banana liqueur, 2 under ripe bananas, sliced in half lengthwise, 14 cup dark rum, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest], title: Bananas Foster, picturelink: null}, 2539: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the vinegar, sugar, salt, and pepper. Add the Vidalia onion and cucumber. Marinate for 1 to 2 hours at room temperature.nTo the bowl, add the tomatoes, crabmeat, olive oil, green onions, and basil. Toss gently. Serve on a bed of lettuce or drain slightly and serve naked., ingredients: [12 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, Pinch salt, Pinch pepper, 1 medium Vidalia or other sweet onion, thinly sliced, 1 medium cucumber, peeled. seeded and thinly sliced, 1 medium tomato, diced, 1 medium yellow tomato, diced, 1 pound fresh lump blue crabmeat, picked clean of shells, 14 cup virgin olive oil, 4 green onions, thinly sliced, 4 large basil leaves, chopped, Lettuce, for serving, optional], title: Vidalia Onion and Lump Blue Crab Salad, picturelink: null}, 2540: {instructions: Combine olives, giardiniera, celery, sundried tomatoes, pepper, onion, salami, ham, and provolone. Dress with vinegar and olive oil, season with salt and pepper and let stand a few minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 cup mixed cracked good quality olives, coarsely chopped, 2 cups giardiniera salad pickled cauliflower, hot peppers and carrots, drained, 5 to 6 ribs celery from the heart, chopped, 14 cup soft sundried tomatoes, chopped, 1 fresh green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 red onion, chopped, 12 pound stick salami, diced, 12 pound thick cut ham, chopped, 12 pound provolone, chopped, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and pepper], title: Muffaletta Salad, picturelink: Q6SR1H.qGbB.2kE04J6FLugf.8xdsni}, 2541: {instructions: LowSodium Recipen1. Warm the olive oil in a small sautu00e9 pan.n2. Increase heat to medium and add snow peas. Add a few drops of water while tossing quickly.n3. Cook about 34 minutes, leaving the snow peas crisp.n4. Add the lemon juice and toss again.n5. Spoon onto a plate, sprinkle with shallots, almonds and Mrs. Dashu00ae Onion and Herb Blend Seasoning Blend. Drizzle 1 Tbsp. of the cooking juices over the snow peas., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Onion and Herb Seasoning Blend, 2 Tbsp. olive oil, 1 lb. snow peas, trimmed, 4 tsp. fresh lemon juice, 4 tsp. minced shallots, 2 Tbsp. slivered unsalted, oventoasted almonds], title: Crunchy Snow Peas with Toasted Almonds, picturelink: GNSOYX4AAENEy1YyWycDfedsGcoKSXu}, 2542: {instructions: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Coat a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Combine 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce and 1 teaspoon rice vinegar in a small bowl set aside.nCombine the pork, panko, the remaining 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, the scallion, ginger, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. With dampened hands, roll the mixture into twelve 1 12inch meatballs transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Bake, turning once, until browned and cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Remove from the oven and brush with the reserved hoisin sauce mixture.nMeanwhile, combine the cabbage, carrots and pineapple in a food processor. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, the mayonnaise and 12 teaspoon salt and pulse until roughly chopped.nSpread mayonnaise on the bottom half of each bun, then fill with some shredded lettuce and a meatball. Serve with the pineapple salad.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon rice vinegar not seasoned, 12 ounces ground pork, 2 tablespoons panko breadcrumbs, 1 scallion white and light green parts only, sliced, 1 teaspoon grated peeled ginger, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 small head green cabbage, roughly chopped, 2 small carrots, roughly chopped, 12 cup chopped pineapple, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, plus more for the buns, 12 mini potato slider buns, split, Shredded romaine lettuce, for serving], title: Chinese Meatball Sliders with Pineapple Salad, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 2543: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the oil, the butter, and salt and pepper, to taste.nArrange the potato slices, not touching, in rows on an oiled baking sheet. Brush the potatoes with the oil mixture, and roast them in the upper 13 of a preheated 450 degree oven, turning them once with a spatula, for 18 to 22 minutes, or until they are golden and crisp.nTransfer the potatoes to paper towels to drain, sprinkle them with the coarse salt and pepper to taste, and serve them warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, Coarse salt and coarsely chopped black pepper, for sprinkling the potatoes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 pounds sweet potatoes, scrubbed, left unpeeled, and cut into fries], title: Roasted Sweet Potato Fries, picturelink: null}, 2544: {instructions: Make the blueberry sauce: Heat 1 12 cups blueberries, 14 cup sugar and the salt in a saucepan over medium heat until bubbling. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, stirring occasionally, until the blueberries are soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lemon zest and juice remove from the heat. Stir in the remaining 12 cup blueberries and let the mixture cool to room temperature.nBeat the heavy cream in a bowl with a mixer or whisk until soft peaks just begin to form. Beat in the vanilla and the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar. Gently fold all but 13 cup of the blueberry sauce into the whipped cream. Divide among glasses and top with the remaining blueberry sauce. Serve with cookies.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 cups blueberries, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch of salt, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 13 cups heavy cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Shortbread or wafer cookies, for serving], title: Blueberry Fools, picturelink: tfDX0PKyVDc7KUE.Pnsci8gPtm2w8N2}, 2545: {instructions: Heat oil, garlic, onion, rosemary, parsley, 12 teaspoon oregano, 12 teaspoon salt, and hot pepper in a large shallow saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally until the onions are translucent but not browned. Add chicken and cook, turning occasionally until well browned on both sides, about 30 minutes. Add vinegar, and cook until reduced by half, 10 to 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, place 13 of the tomatoes in the jar of a blender and puree, just crushing the tomatoes, about 1 second. Repeat with remaining tomatoes. Add tomatoes, remaining 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon oregano to the chicken mixture. Cook until the tomatoes have reduced and thickened slightly, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes.nAdd basil, wine, olives, peppers, and mushrooms. Cook until the peppers have softened and the chicken is very tender, about 15 minutes. Serve immediately over pasta.nDried Parsley:n2 bunches washed and thoroughly dried curlyleaf or flatleaf parsleynPick the parsley leaves, removing all stems. Lay parsley on baking sheet, and place in a preheated 350 degree F oven. Bake until crumbly, not brown, about 10 minutes. Once the parsley has cooled, crumble it with your hands. Next, place crumbled parsley in a sieve, and press through the sieve to refine texture.nYield: about 23 cup, ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, pressed, 1 large onion, diced, 14 teaspoon dried rosemary, 12 teaspoon dried parsley flakes, recipe follows, 34 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Greek, 34 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 small dried hot red pepper, minced, 4 chicken thighs and drumsticks, about 3 pounds, 2 whole split chicken breasts, about 1 34 pounds, 2 chicken wings, about 12 pound, 12 cup redwine vinegar, 6 cups drained and seeded, canned whole tomatoes, halved, 14 cup roughly chopped basil leaves, 14 cup white wine, 12 cup Gaeta olives, pitted, 6 small sweet red peppers, cored, seeded, and cut in half, or 2 red bell peppers, cored, seeded, and cut into 1inch strips, 4 ounces oyster mushrooms, cleaned and trimmed, 1 pound campanelle or penne rigate pasta, cooked], title: Chicken Cacciatore, picturelink: null}, 2546: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the drained pimientos in a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Using an electric mixer, combine the pimientos and cheese, beating until smooth. Beat in the mayonnaise. Spread on slices of white sandwich bread while the mixture is room temperature. Trim the bread crusts and cut the sandwiches into triangles., ingredients: [Two 7ounce jars canned, sliced pimientos, drained, Three 10ounce bricks sharp Cheddar, finely grated, 1 cup mayonnaise, White sandwich bread], title: Pimiento Cheese Spread, picturelink: Y4Y1FKIAsRZ6nBCIe6s0RN2fQR4AM2}, 2547: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray 2 heavy baking sheets with vegetable oil cooking spray or line with silicon baking mats. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the flour, salt and pepper. Place the eggs in another medium bowl. Place the breadcrumbs in a third medium bowl. Toss the eggplant slices and mushrooms in the flour mixture to coat. Working in batches, dip the eggplant slices and mushrooms first in the eggs and then into the breadcrumbs to coat. Arrange in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Drizzle with the olive oil, if using, and roast until brown and crisp, about 20 minutes.nTo assemble the sandwiches, spread each slice of bread with 2 tablespoons of tomatobasil sauce. Place the mushrooms on top. Add 14 cup of cheese and 12 cup of arugula. Place the eggplant slices on top. Spoon 1 tablespoon of tomatobasil sauce on top of the eggplant. Repeat for the remaining sandwiches and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 large eggs, beaten, at room temperature, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, Four 12inchthick eggplant slices 12 a medium eggplant, Four 4inch diameter portobello mushrooms, stemmed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, optional, Four 12 to 34inchthick slices country wheat bread, toasted or grilled, 34 cup jarred tomatobasil sauce, such as Giada De Laurentiis for Target, 8 ounces gruyere cheese, shredded, 2 cups arugula], title: Crispy Eggplant and Portobello Mushroom and Cheese Sandwiches, picturelink: YYwY1WXAHohLxmuxJz5TCU5jqKFkM2}, 2548: {instructions: In a small glass bowl, combine all the dressing ingredients, whisking well with a fork to combine.nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat and add the edamame. Blanch for 2 minutes. Drain and add to the bowl with the dressing.nIn a medium nonreactive bowl, combine the remaining vegetables and add the edamame and the dressing.nCover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve cold., ingredients: [14 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon wasabi powder, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 tablespoon minced pickled ginger, 1 tablespoon hot sauce recommended: Sriracha, 1 pound shelled edamame, 12 cup small diced red bell pepper, 12 cup small diced daikon radish, 12 cup small diced jicama, 12 cup sliced green onions, 12 cup diced English cucumber], title: Eddies Mommy Salad, picturelink: null}, 2549: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce, heat the olive oil in a saucepan over high heat. Add the onions and cook until browned. Stirring constantly, add the pepper jelly, vinegar, honey, mustard, Worcestershire, ketchup, salt and pepper and cook until warmed through. Either use immediately, or store in the refrigerator for a few days. Warm the sauce in a medium saucepan and add the meat. Stirring well, cook covered on low for about 15 minutes, until the sauce and meat are heated through.nFor the fried onion rings, heat the canola oil in a large saucepan to 350 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Toss the onions with salt. Dredge the onion rings in the flour and drop them into the oil. Cook only a few at a time, until the rings are golden. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Season with a touch of salt.nFor the sambal mayonnaise, combine all ingredients in a food processor or blender and mix well until incorporated. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the sliders, toast the buns. Add a dollop of the sambal mayonnaise on each bun. Spoon the saucy meat onto the buns, and top with onion rings, lettuce, and tomato slices., ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, 12 onion, diced, 12 cup pepper jelly, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon Creole mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup ketchup, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chopped cooked meat, 2 cups canola oil, 2 red onions, sliced into thin rings, Salt, 1 cup flour, 2 cups mayonnaise, 3 piquillo peppers, 3 tablespoons sambal chili paste, Juice of 1 lemon, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 16 slider buns, toasted, Bibb lettuce leaves, 2 tomatoes, sliced], title: Sloppy Joe Sliders, picturelink: tFam32am.wj03JMnE9DlxLwOpIIABO}, 2550: {instructions: BearBQ Ribs:nRub 4 slabs of ribs with BearBQ Butt Rub, and wrap tightly with plastic wrap. Let sit overnight night in refrigerator. Get up next morning make Bloodymary, take ribs out of refrigerator, go out in backyard and start smoker. Add about 4 to 5 hickory chunks soaked in water. When smoker is ready place ribs in rib rack and place on smoker. Temperature should stay around 200 to 250 degrees F. Smoke for about 3 hours, turning once about 12 way through the cooking time. After 3 hours mop ribs with BearBQ sauce and wrap in foil, seal tightly and put back on smoker for about 1 hour. Unwrap ribs mop again with sauce and put back on smoker for another 12 hour to 1 hour. When ribs are done the bone should be able to be pulled away from the meat easily. Tender as my heart. As a great Cook once said  It aint rocket science, its a food of love thang. You just know when they are done.nIn a blender or food processor, puree the onion and garlic with some of the vinegar. Melt butter in large stock pot, add onion and garlic puree, saute for about 5 minutes. Add the ketchup and stir very well. Start adding the rest of the ingredients 1 at a time stirring well and often. Simmer for about 1 hour, stirring frequently., ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon ground dried home grown tabasco peppers, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 12 cup turbinado, 4 slabs ribs, BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 1 large onion, 1 head garlic, separated into cloves, 16 ounces white vinegar, 16 ounces cider vinegar, 1 pound butter, 1 10pound supersize container ketchup 14 cups, 7 cups lemon juice, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups brown sugar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons fresh ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons fresh ground mustard seed, 4 tablespoons fresh ground allspice, 8 shakes liquid smoke, 3 to 6 tablespoons ground home grown dried tabasco peppers, 2 tablespoons molasses], title: BearBQ Ribs, picturelink: null}, 2551: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Lightly grease a cookie sheet.nIn a mixing bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, orange zest, and cinnamon. Mix the vegetable oil, egg and sugar together and beat in the pureed carrots and raisins. Combine the wet with the dry ingredients.nDrop teaspoonfuls of dough onto the cookie sheet and space well apart. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [34 cup all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 large egg, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup cooked and pureed carrots, 14 cup golden raisins], title: Carrot Cookies, picturelink: null}, 2552: {instructions: In a heavy based pot heat vegetable oil over medium heat to 375 degrees F.nUsing a mandoline, or sharp knife, finely slice plantains into chips for a fancier presentation slice them lengthwise into ribbons. Fry the plantains in small batches until crisp and golden, about 5 to 7 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a plate lined with paper towel. Season with salt immediately., ingredients: [3 large green plantains, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, Kosher salt, for seasoning], title: Plaintain Chips, picturelink: avbaHwjvdhBTg5JgQyM3gx7H7uvn1ti}, 2553: {instructions: Slice squash in half lengthwise. Scoop out the seeds with a spoon as you would a pumpkin. Then completely submerge both halves in boiling water and cook for about 20 to 25 minutes, or until the inside is tender to a fork and pulls apart in strands. It is better to undercook if you are not sure. Remove, drain, and cool with cold water or an ice bath to stop the cooking. Then use a fork to scrape the cooked squash out of its skin, and at the same time, fluff and separate the squash into spaghettilike strands. Discard the skin.nReheat the squash strands by dipping with a strainer in boiling water just before serving. Top with Primavera Sauce.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan over medium highheat. Add broccoli and saute for about 1 minute. Then whisk in cream and egg yolk and cook for only 1 to 2 minutes. Next, add garlic and cheese and whisk quickly just to heat through. Remove from heat and stir in the rest of the butter and the parsley. Pour over or toss with the hot spaghetti squash. Season with salt and pepper, if desired. Garnish with fresh basil leaves and grape tomatoes., ingredients: [12 medium spaghetti squash, Primavera Sauce, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter 12 stick, 12 cup small broccoli florets, lightly blanched, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 egg yolk, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 1 12 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and pepper, Fresh basil leaves, for garnish, Grape tomatoes, sliced in half, for garnish], title: Mock Fettuccini Primavera, picturelink: KgwbJfvl6lczYA6QJ2pZXfRug92BO}, 2554: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: four 8ounce jam jars, cleaned and driednFor the yellow cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Beat the butter and sugar until light and fluffy in a medium bowl. Add the eggs one at a time, beating in between additions. Add the vanilla and beat until well mixed.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a small bowl. Add half the flour mixture to the butter mixture and mix until incorporated. Mix in the halfandhalf. Mix in the remaining half of the flour mixture.nSpray the jars with vegetable nonstick spray. Fill each jar about halfway full with batter. Place the jars on a baking sheet and bake until the cake springs back from a gentle touch, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, for the chocolate ganache: Boil the halfandhalf in a saucepan. Add the chocolate. Let the ganache sit for 5 minutes, and then whisk until smooth.nOnce the cakes are cooked, remove from the oven and cool, 1 to 2 minutes. Spoon the chocolate ganache on top. Top jars with vacuumseal lids. The heat of the cakes will create the seal as the cakes cool., ingredients: [1 stick butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup halfandhalf, Vegetable nonstick spray, 14 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup chocolate chips], title: Yellow Cakes in a Jar with Chocolate Ganache, picturelink: ze6q5ot4iPFeoiFa2XPbnfD4LCNiH6}, 2555: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWhisk together horseradish, mustard, garlic, 2 tablespoons black pepper, and 14 cup of olive oil in a small bowl. Stir in the panko bread crumbs and set aside. Season the steaks on both sides with coarse sea salt and black pepper. Brush the horseradish bread crumb mixture on 1 side of the sirloin steaks.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of oil and 2 tablespoons of butter. Sear the steaks for 2 minutes, then turn over and cook for an additional 2 minutes. Remove the steaks to a quarter sheet tray with a rack. Drain the excess oil from the saute pan. Put the steaks in the oven and cook until the breading browns, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest.nIn the same pan that the steaks were seared, add 2 tablespoons of the butter and the thyme. Turn the heat to high and add the portobello mushrooms. Add the salt and pepper and cook until the mushrooms are soft and slightly colored, about 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in a splash of red wine, the beef broth, and a splash of sherry vinegar. Reduce until the liquid just coats the mushrooms. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter to give the mushrooms a creamier consistency. Arrange the steaks on serving plates and top with the mushrooms., ingredients: [14 cup prepared horseradish, 14 cup spicy mustard, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 14 cup olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons for searing, 14 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 6ounce petite sirloin steaks, Coarse sea salt, 2 tablespoons butter, to sear, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 portobello caps, sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, Splash red wine, 14 cup beef broth, Splash sherry vinegar], title: Crusted Sirloin with Rockin Portobellos, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 2556: {instructions: Saute the onions in some olive oil in a frying pan over medium heat until soft. Add a pinch of salt and 4 turns of the pepper mill. Saute the onions until caramelized. Add in the sliced turkey breast and pan fry with the onions for a few minutes.nWhip all the eggs together and pour into the frying pan. Scramble. Top with a handful of Pecorino Romano cheese., ingredients: [12 onion, chopped, Olive oil, Sea salt and cracked black pepper, 4 ounces sliced turkey breast, 3 whole eggs, 3 egg whites, Grated Pecorino Romano cheese], title: Turkey and Eggs, picturelink: null}, 2557: {instructions: In a medium heavy skillet, heat the olive oil over high heat. Add the okra and toss constantly until seared and golden, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, season to taste with salt and pepper and set aside.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the ground dried shrimp with the fresh shrimp and peanuts. Pulse, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary, until the mixture forms a chunky paste.nIn a large, heavy skillet heat the Dende oil over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic and chile flakes and cook, stirring frequently, for 2 to 3 minutes, until golden. Add the shrimp paste, 12 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon pepper and stir to mix. Pour in the water and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low and simmer the Caruru gently for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. The mixture will be quite thick. Stir in the reserved okra, cilantro and tabasco and cook for 2 minutes more, until the okra is heated through. Serve over white rice, garnished with the cooked jumbo shrimp, red pepper julienne, cilantro sprigs and lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds small okra pods, topped, tailed, and cut into small pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons ground dried shrimp see Note 1, 1 pound jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 13 cup roasted peanuts, 2 tablespoons dende oil see Note 2, 1 medium onion, very finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon red chile flakes, 34 cup water, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, finely chopped, Dash of tabasco, Cooked white rice, for serving, 12 cooked jumbo shrimp, for garnish, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded, and cut into fine julienne for garnish, Whole sprigs of cilantro, for garnish, Wedges of lemon, for serving], title: Caruru, picturelink: null}, 2558: {instructions: Place eggplant in a colander, sprinkle with coarse salt, and let stand for 30 minutes to sweat. Pat dry with paper towels.nPlace mustard seeds in a small, dry saute pan and cook over moderate heat until they turn gray and start popping. Remove from heat and reserve.nHeat 14 cup clarified butter in a large skillet over moderate heat. Saute eggplant, stirring occasionally, until soft and golden. Remove from heat and reserve in a bowl with mustard seeds.nHeat remaining butter in a medium saucepan over medium high heat. Add onions and salt. Saute until onions are golden and soft. Add garlic and ginger, cook just until aromas are released, then stir in all spices. Cook an additional minute, stirring constantly to blend spices and prevent scorching.nAdd tomatoes, water, and sugar. Turn heat to high and bring to a boil. Add spinach, bring back to a boil, and stir in eggplant mixture. When eggplant is heated through, about 2 minutes, remove from heat and serve., ingredients: [1 large eggplant, diced, with skin, 2 teaspoons coarse salt for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons black mustard seeds, 6 tablespoons clarified butter, 1 large onion, diced, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons pureed garlic, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon garam masala, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon palm or brown sugar, 2 bunches spinach, stems removed, washed, and cut in 2inch pieces], title: Eggplant Spinach Curry, picturelink: null}, 2559: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crostini: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Arrange the baguette slices in a single layer on a large baking sheet. Mix the oil, garlic, oregano and fennel seeds in a small bowl. Brush the oil mixture over the top of the baguette slices. Sprinkle lightly with pepper. Bake the baguette slices until lightly toasted but still slightly soft, 12 to 15 minutes.nFor the fondue: Mix together the beer and mustard in a small bowl. Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large nonstick skillet. Add the sausage, onions, fennel seeds, salt and pepper. Break the sausage into smaller pieces with a wooden spoon and cook until browned and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Stir in the flour. Add the beer mixture and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Gradually add the Cheddar, fontina and Parmesan, stirring constantly, until the cheese is melted and smooth. Keep warm over low heat. If the fondue becomes too thick, gradually stir in extra beer, 1 tablespoon at a time.nServe the fondue with the crostini., ingredients: [Eighteen 13inchthick baguette slices, cut diagonally, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed using a mortar and pestle or place in a zip top bag and crush with a rolling pin, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup beer, such as a brown ale, pale ale or lager, at room temperature, plus extra, as needed, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 medium onion, chopped about 1 12 cups, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed using a mortar and pestle or place in a zip top bag and crush with a rolling pin, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups packed coarsely grated extrasharp white Cheddar about 8 ounces, 2 cups packed coarsely grated fontina about 8 ounces, 12 cup finely grated Parmesan], title: Beer and Italian Sausage Fondue, picturelink: ze6q5ot4iPFeoiFa2XPbnfD4LCNiH6}, 2560: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees Fahrenheit. Bake the butternut squash on a baking sheet for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until you can easily slide a knife into the upper part of the squash. Remove from the oven and allow to cool for 20 minutes. Cut off the ends of the squash and pare away the skin. Cut the squash in half, removing the seeds. Dice the remaining flesh. Allow to cool completely. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta according to package instructions. In a saute pan large enough to accommodate all of the pasta, over mediumhigh heat, add the oil, mushrooms, butternut squash and salt and pepper to taste. Cook for several minutes until the mushrooms begin to soften. You may need to add more oil, as the mushrooms may absorb the liquid. Add the garlic and mix to combine until garlic begins to brown and the sides of the butternut squash become brown as well. If the pasta is not finished yet, remove the saute pan from the heat and wait until the pasta is done. When the pasta is done, return the pan to high heat, quickly add the spinach and deglaze with the white wine, which will help wilt the spinach lightly. Season with salt and black pepper. Quickly drain the pasta, add it to the pan and toss to combine the ingredients, mixing in most of the grated parmesan while you are tossing. Transfer to a serving dish. Top with more grated cheese and freshly ground black pepper. Serve at once, ingredients: [1 small butternut squash, prepared as described below, 1 pound good quality dried farfalle, preferably Italian, 14 cup pure olive oil, 1 pound mixed wild mushrooms, cleaned and chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 bunch spinach, cleaned, stems removed and chopped into 2inch squares, 14 cup white wine, 12 cup Parmigiano Reggiano, grated fine, Sea salt, Black pepper, freshly ground], title: Farfalle al Rocco, picturelink: null}, 2561: {instructions: Trim one short end of the pound cake discard the end, then cut a wedge off each side as shown.nAttach the wedges to each other with frosting crust sides together, then attach to the trimmed cake.nMix the remaining frosting with the yellow and red food coloring. Spread over the cake.nArrange the jelly beans on the cake in tight rows.nTrim the sour straws to various lengths, then gently stick into the top of the cake.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 16ounce pound cake, frozen, 1 16ounce tub vanilla frosting, 24 drops yellow food coloring, 6 drops red food coloring, 4 cups orange jelly beans, 1 5ounce bag green apple sour straws], title: Carrot Cake, picturelink: AhMW1HqdrueL3kP.wR8mq1Zg5EfN9C}, 2562: {instructions: In a skillet heat the oil over moderate heat until it is hot, add the onion and salt and pepper to taste, and cook the onion, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 minutes, or until it is golden. Add the tomato, garlic, basil, and thyme and cook the mixture until thick, stirring occasionally, about 3 to 5 minutes more. Spoon half the tomato mixture into an oiled shallow flameproof baking dish just large enough to hold the fish in one layer, arrange the fish fillets on top of the tomato mixture, and sprinkle them with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon the remaining tomato mixture over the fish and bake it in a preheated 375 degree F oven, covered with foil, until the fish just flakes about 15 minutes.nWith a spatula, carefully transfer the fish to a large plate. Bring the tomato mixture in the baking dish to a simmer over moderate heat, add the broth and cornstarch mixture and the tomato paste, and simmer the sauce, stirring, until it is thickened. Let it cool. Carefully transfer the fish and its sauce to a flat freezer container with a tightfitting lid, arranging the fish in a single layer. Freeze the fish for up to one month.nTo reheat: Defrost the fish, covered, in the refrigerator. Transfer the fish to a baking dish and bake the fish, covered with foil, in a preheated 375 degree F oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until it is heated through. Correct the seasoning, adding salt and pepper, to taste, and sprinkle the baked halibut with the minced parsley before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, sliced thinly, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups peeled, seeded, and chopped tomato or 28ounce can tomatoes, drained and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh basil leaves or 12 teaspoon dried crumbled, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 4 halibut fillets 6 ounces each, cut about 1inch thick, or similar firmfleshed fish such as cod or haddock, 12 cup chicken broth combined with 2 teaspoons cornstarch or arrowroot, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 14 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, for serving], title: Baked Halibut Provencale, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 2563: {instructions: In a deep, large, heavy pot over moderate heat, saute garlic and pancetta in extravirgin olive oil for 3 minutes. Add onions and cook 1 or 2 minutes longer.nAdd the greens and wilt them down to fit them all in the pot. Add beans, broth, and nutmeg, salt and pepper. Cook over moderate to mediumhigh heat for 12 minutes, or until greens are no longer bitter. Serve with shaved cheese, bread, and good red wine., ingredients: [4 to 6 cloves garlic, crushed, 18 pound pancetta, sliced and chopped, 2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan in a slow stream extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 pounds escarole, washed and coarsely chopped 2 medium bunches or 1 large bunch, 2 14ounce cans, cannellini beans, drained, 1 quart prepared chicken stock or broth, A couple pinches ground nutmeg or fresh grated nutmeg, Coarse salt and black pepper, Shaved ParmigianoReggiano, for topping, Warm, crusty bread, for mopping], title: Minestra, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 2564: {instructions: Blanch the haricots verts in salted boiling water until al dente or cooked to your liking. Drain the beans into a strainer or colander and then they should be shocked by dunking the strainer of beans into a waiting bowl of ice water to stop the cooking process, and will help them retain a bright green color. Drain and set aside in refrigerator until needed.nPlace the lime in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave until the essential oils in the skin are released. The lime will be hot coming from the microwave, so let it cool just enough so you can handle it, before squeezing it. Turn on the blender and through the feed opening, add the rosemary, tarragon, cilantro, stone ground mustard, rice wine vinegar, and fresh ginger, and blend together until a smooth paste has formed. At this point the lime should be cool enough to squeeze. With the power on, add the lime juice through the blender feedtube, and then very slowly add the oil and water until the mixture thickens and can coat the back of a spoon. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Set aside in refrigerator until needed. When chilled, the dressing should resemble something like mayonnaise. Reserve some of the dressing to drizzle on the plate later.nThen, mix the beans, onion, and tomato with the dressing adjusting the amount to your preference and refrigerate for only a couple of hours. Dont mix too far ahead, because the salad ingredients will bleed and you will have a very runny dressing., ingredients: [1 pound haricots verts very thin string beans, 1 medium red onion, finely diced, 2 tomatoes, seeds removed and finely diced, 1 cup about 14 pound seedless red grapes, 1 lime, 18 cup chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 18 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 4 12 teaspoons stoneground mustard, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh ginger, 14 cup grapeseed oil or your choice of olive or canola oil, 1 ounce water, preferably bottled, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Red Grape Haricot Salad with Mustard Dressing, picturelink: 9EMQclf5UfgPfHOdqpgwWspXN78HWK}, 2565: {instructions: Line 3 large baking sheets with parchment or silicone paper. On each sheet, trace a 9inch circle. Turn paper over so that you can see the tracings. Preheat oven to 225 degrees.nMix together 1 cup sugar, finely chopped nuts, and sifted cornstarch. Place egg whites in bowl of electric mixer. Using the whip attachment, start whipping at slow speed until whites are foamy, add the cream of tartar and salt, continue whipping at fast speed until soft peaks form. Gradually add the 3 tablespoons of sugar and continue whipping until stiff peaks form. Add the vanilla extract. Remove bowl from mixer stand, fold in the nut mixture by hand, a small amount at a time. Divide mixture between 3 circles and spread into even layers. Bake for approximately 45 minutes to 1 hour or until meringues are lightly coloured and dry.nPlace the 3 meringue layers on work surface, turn 1 layer over to the smooth side for top layer. Spread a very thin layer of caramel sauce on top layer and chill. Lay 2 remaining meringues on work surface and brush with melted milk chocolate. Chill until set.nRemove all layers from refrigerator and place the bottom layer on serving plate, spread 12 of the toffee cream over the first layer, place next layer on top and spread the remaining 12 of the toffee cream over layer. Place top layer gently on top. Fill a piping bag with a 12inch plain tip and pipe 8 rosettes around the outside border of the layer, leaving space between the rosettes. Fill the spaces with broken pieces of toffee. Drizzle caramel lightly over the whipped cream rosettes. Chill 4 hours before serving.nIn a small saucepan, scald the cream and set aside. Combine the sugar with 12 cup water in a large saucepan. Stir to moisten the sugar. Bring to a simmer, swirling the pan gently to dissolve the sugar. Increase heat and continuing simmering without stirring until syrup begins to color. Once the syrup turns a deep amber or caramel color, remove from heat and add the cream in a steady stream, stirring with a wire whisk. Caramel and cream will bubble up and steam, but keep stirring and continue to whisk until caramel is completely dissolved and combined with the cream. Stir in pieces of butter until melted and combined. Stir in vanilla and salt. Set aside to cool.nCoat a cookie sheet with vegetable oil and set aside. Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Place the sugar, water, corn syrup and vanilla in a heavybottomed saucepan and stir well to dissolve the sugar. Cook the mixture over high heat until it reaches a boil. Let the mixture boil for 1 minute. Add the butter, stirring to combine. Continue to boil, stirring often. Scrape the bottom of the pan to keep the mixture from burning. The mixture should reach 290 degrees on a candy thermometer and is a deep golden brown. Remove from the heat and stir in the nuts. Turn the mixture out onto the oiled tray and let it cool completely.nWhip the cream until soft peaks form, add the icing sugar continue whipping until stiff peaks form. Set aside 1 cup of cream for decoration. Fold the toffee into the remaining cream., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar plus 3 tablespoons, 1 12 cups finely chopped hazelnuts, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 6 egg whites, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, Hazelnut Toffee Crunch, recipe follows, Whipped Cream Filling, recipe follows, 1 cup whipping cream, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 5 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon salt, 34 cup sugar, 2 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon corn syrup, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup unsalted butter, 34 cup roughly chopped hazelnuts, 2 cups whipping cream, 1 tablespoon icing sugar, 12 cup broken pieces of hazelnut toffee crunch 18inch pieces], title: Hazelnut Butter Brickle Cake, picturelink: null}, 2566: {instructions: Assembly: Line 2 6inch dome molds with 34inch coconut ice cream. Freeze until firm. Add 7 ounces caramel mou or 34inch. Return to freezer until firm. Add 10 ounces rum parfait or 1 12inch. Return to freezer until firm. Add 34cup of nougatine. Fill with banana sorbet and top with macaron. Return to freezer until firm. Unmold and spray with vernis.nMix stabilizer and sugar together. Place all ingredients in a saucepan and cook until temperature reaches 180 degrees F. Strain and cool over an ice bath. Process immediately in an ice cream freezer. Store covered in freezer until needed.nIn a saucepan caramelize sugar and glucose, add the heavy cream when the caramel turns a deep brown color. Stir to dissolve all the sugar, add the vanilla. Cool and store covered in the refrigerator until needed.nIn a bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whip yolks on high speed until tripled in volume. At the same time, cook sugar, corn syrup, and water to 245 degrees F. Gradually pour the hot syrup into the egg yolks and continue to whip until the mixture is cool and fluffy. Whip the heavy cream to soft peaks. Gradually fold half of the rum into the whipped cream and half into the yolk mixture. Combine cream and yolk mixtures, use immediately.nCombine glucose, sugar and butter in a saucepan and caramelize. Add warm almonds. Pour onto 2 silpats. Roll out nougatine to 18inch thickness. Cool completely, break into pieces. Store in airtight container.nCombine sugar and stabilizer. Bring the water, sugar mixture, and glucose to a boil. Remove from heat, add banana puree and lemon juice. Stir, strain and cool over an ice bath. Process sorbet in an ice cream machine. Store covered in freezer.nMacaron chocolat: Combine confectioners sugar, almond flour and cocoa powder, set aside. Whip egg whites to soft peaks, gradually add sugar and continue to whip into stiff peaks. Fold in the cocoa. Fold in butter. Pipe macarons onto parchment lined baking sheet, forming a 5inch circular disc. Bake in a preheated 375degree F oven for 15 minutes.nCombine ingredients in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Strain and use immediately for spraying., ingredients: [1 Coconut ice cream, recipe follows, 2 Caramel mou, recipe follows, 3 Parfait au Rhum, recipe follows, 4 Nougatine, recipe follows, 5 Banana sorbet, recipe follows, 6 Macaron chocolat, recipe follows, 7 Vernis, recipe follows, Pinch stabilizer, 34 cup sugar, 3 12 cups coconut puree, 1 12 cups milk, 4 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup glucose, 2 14 cups heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, 8 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup corn syrup, 18 cup water, 2 14 cups heavy cream, 12 cup dark rum, 1 cup glucose, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup butter, 34 cup granulated almonds, toasted, 2 cups sugar, Pinch stabilizer, 4 12 cups water, 18 cup glucose, 4 12 cups banana puree, 18 cup lemon juice, 5 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 14 cup almond flour, 18 cup cocoa powder, 1cup egg whites 7 egg whites, 18 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 14 cups apricot glaze, 2 34 cups glucose, 1 14 cups simple syrup], title: Coconut Bombe, picturelink: null}, 2567: {instructions: In a large stockpot, cook chicken and beef for 1 hour. Add hickory smoked pork. Add finely chopped onion. Add ketchup, diced tomatoes, corn, and hot sauce. Add salt as needed. Cook on low heat for 1 hour., ingredients: [5 pounds ground boneless, skinless chicken, 5 pounds ground chuck, 5 pounds hickory smoked pork, cut into medium dice, 1 yellow onion, finely chopped, 1 12ounce bottle ketchup, 2 16ounce cans diced tomatoes, 2 16ounce cans corn, 12 cup hot red pepper sauce, or more, to taste, Salt], title: Brunswick Stew, picturelink: null}, 2568: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCut each of the zucchini in half crosswise and then slice lengthwise into 14inch strips. Toss with 1 tablespoon of the oil and a pinch of salt, and spread on a baking sheet. Cut the portabellas into 14inch strips, and then toss in the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and a pinch of salt and place on a separate baking sheet. Roast for 7 to 8 minutes, then flip and roast until tender and starting to brown, 4 to 5 minutes. The portabellas may take a few minutes longer than the zucchini. Cool the vegetables. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nWhile the vegetables roast, mix 12 cup of the Parmesan, the pepper, nutmeg, ricotta, eggs, basil and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl until well combined.nSpread 1 12 cups of the marinara in the bottom of a baking dish and top with an even layer of uncooked lasagna noodles about 5. Top the noodles with 1 12 cups of the ricotta mixture, spreading as evenly as possible. Evenly distribute half of the roasted veggies over the ricotta and top with 2 cups of the spinach. Add another 1 12 cups of marinara and another layer of noodles. Repeat with another 1 12 cups ricotta, the other half of the roasted vegetables, half of the mozzarella slices, the remaining 2 cups spinach, 1 12 cups of marinara, and then another layer of noodles. For the final layer, spread the remaining 1 12 cups ricotta, another layer of noodles, 1 12 cups of marinara, the remaining mozzarella slices, and then top with the remaining 12 cup of Parmesan.nBake for 1 hour covered with foil. Then remove the foil and bake until bubbly and beginning to brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Rest the lasagna 15 to 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 large zucchini, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, 5 large portobello caps, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 2 pounds ricotta cheese, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 bunch fresh basil, cut into chiffonade, 6 cups marinara sauce, 4 cups baby spinach, 1 12 pounds fresh mozzarella, sliced into 14inchthick rounds, 1 box uncooked lasagna noodles], title: Seven Layer Lasagna, picturelink: dmqtxDz6onMEavsmPapstXOJLE30KS}, 2569: {instructions: Set a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, and heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil until shimmering. Add the fennel and onions, and cook, until the vegetables are softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the garlic and saffron, and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Deglaze with the white wine and licorice liqueur, scraping up any browned bits. Reduce the liquid until its almost completely evaporated. Then add the tomatoes, fish stock, thyme and bay leaf. Add the potatoes, bring to a boil and cook until just tender, about 10 minutes. Add the clams and mussels and simmer for another 3 minutes to give them a head start. Add the shrimp, simmering until the shellfish open, a final 2 minutes. Discard any unopened shellfish.nBring a large nonstick saute pan to mediumhigh heat and add the remaining oil. Pat the halibut fillets dry with a paper towel and sprinkle both sides generously with salt and pepper. Once the oil begins to smoke lightly, sear the halibut. Cook until the bottom is golden and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes on the first side. Flip and finish cooking for 1 to 2 minutes on the second side. Remove the fish from pan, keep warm and set aside.nTo serve, place each halibut fillet in the bottom of a shallow serving bowl. Arrange a few potatoes, shrimp, clams and mussels around the fish in each bowl. Ladle broth into the bowls. Garnish with parsley, scallions, a few fennel fronds and lemon wedges. Serve immediately with Garlicky Rouille.nPeel the potatoes and rough chop. Place the potato, red pepper and garlic into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until just coarsely chopped. Add the mayonnaise, lemon juice and sweet paprika. Process until smooth and creamy. Season with cayenne and salt to taste. Cover and place in the refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes to chill and allow the flavors to come together., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small fennel bulb, bulb sliced and fronds reserved, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 1 34 cups dry white wine, 2 tablespoons licorice liqueur, such as Pernod, 1 34 cups chopped fireroasted tomatoes, with liquid, 1 34 cups fish stock, 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 1 bay leaf, 23 pound gold creamer potatoes, 23 pound littleneck clams, in the shell, 23 pound mussels, in the shell, 13 pound U 2125 shrimp, peeled and deveined with tail, Four 6ounce halibut fillets, boneless and skinless, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 3 scallions, chopped, 1 lemon, cut into wedges, Garlicky Rouille, for serving, recipe follows, 13 pound fingerling potatoes, cooked, 14 cup jarred fireroasted red peppers, 3 cloves garlic, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, Pinch cayenne, or as needed, Kosher salt], title: Bouillabaisse with Seared Halibut, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 2570: {instructions: Season beef with salt and pepper and set aside.nUnfold puff pastry and evenly brush 1 sheet with mustard, covering entire surface. Fold over and cut into 4 equal pieces. Press the pastry edges with tines of a fork to seal and cut 3 small slits halfway deep in the center of each pastry rectangle to allow steam to escape when it cooks. Set pastry rectangles on a baking sheet lined with parchment. In a small bowl whisk egg with 1 teaspoon water. Brush pastry rectangle with egg wash and bake 25 minutes, until golden and cooked through.nBrush beef with oil. Season with salt and pepper and grill until its nicely caramelized, turning only once, approximately 3 minutes each side. Transfer beef to a sheet pan and place in the preheated oven. Roast until mediumrare, another 10 to 12 minutes. Remove beef from the oven and place on a cutting board. Let meat rest 10 minutes before slicing. To serve, place a puff pastry rectangle on each serving plate. Drizzle with Sauteed Wild Mushroom Sauce and top with beef slices.nHeat a saute pan to medium heat. Add butter and olive oil. Add garlic and thyme leaves and saute for 3 minutes. Add mushrooms, salt and pepper, saute until golden and tender, about 10 minutes. Cook in batches, if necessary, so that the mushrooms dont steam. Return all mushrooms to pan, if working in batches. Add heavy cream and mustard and simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 bonein ribeye steak about 2inches thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 sheet puff pastry, thawed, 12 cup English mustard recommended: Colmans Mustard, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Sauteed Wild Mushroom Sauce, recipe follows, Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, and preheat grill to medium., 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 sprig fresh thyme, leaves chopped, 1 12 pounds mushrooms, wiped clean, stems removed and sliced recommended: shiitake, oyster, cremini, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons English mustard recommended: Colmans Mustard], title: Beef Swellington, picturelink: null}, 2571: {instructions: One hour prior to cooking, place a baking stone in the oven and heat to 500 degrees F.nRoll out 1 pizza dough as thinly as possible. Place it on a pizza peel sprinkled with cornmeal. Cover the surface with 1 teaspoon oil, 14 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 pinch each salt and pepper, and 12 teaspoon chopped rosemary. Be sure to leave an outer lip of 1inch all the way around.nEvenly dot 14 cup fig jam and 2 ounces Gorgonzola cheese on the pizza. Top with half of the prosciutto.nShake the paddle lightly and slide the pizza onto the baking stone. Bake until browned, about 6 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a firm surface and cut into slices. Serve immediately, garnished with 12 of the sliced scallion. Repeat with remaining dough.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment place the wholewheat flour, allpurpose flour, yeast, salt, and sugar. With the mixer on low speed, gradually add the oil and 1 13 cup lukewarm water. Knead on low speed until the dough is firm and smooth, about 10 minutes.nDivide the dough into 4 balls, about 7 12 ounces each. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Place 2 balls on each sheet and cover with a damp towel. Allow the dough to rise in a warm spot until they have doubled in size, about 2 hours.nTo roll out the dough dab your fingers in flour and then place 1 ball on a generously floured work surface. Press down the center of each ball with the tips of your fingers, stretching the dough out with your hand. When the dough has doubled in width, using a floured rolling pin, roll the dough out until it is very thin, like a flatbread. The outer border should be slightly thicker than the center. Transfer the dough with a spatula or the back of a knife, allowing it to fold up almost like an umbrella, to a paddle. Do not worry that the pizza is not round, you are looking for an 8 to 10inch shape, a cross between an oval and a rectangle. If you get a hole, simply pinch the edges back together. Repeat with the remaining balls.nYield: 4 8 to 10inch pizzasnPlace a mediumsized skillet over medium heat and, when it is hot, add the oil. Add the shallots and cook until they are softened, about 3 minutes. Deglaze with the red wine and reduce by half. Add the broths and vinegar, and reduce by half. Add the rosemary and sugar.nLower the heat to low and cook until the sugar has melted, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the figs and cook, stirring occasionally, until they are rehydrated, about 10 to 12 minutes. Cook until the mixture has the consistency of a liquidy jam, about 10 to 12 minutes. Use immediately, or cover and refrigerate up to 5 days.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [2 rounds, Pizza Dough, recipe follows, Cornmeal, for sprinkling, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 pinches kosher salt, 2 pinches black pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 12 cup Fig Jam, recipe follows, 4 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled into peasized pieces, 3 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, 1 scallion, thinly sliced lengthwise, for garnish, 14 cup wholewheat flour, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for rolling, 2 teaspoons 14ounce fresh yeast, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 13 cups lukewarm water, 1 teaspoon canola or vegetable oil, 3 shallots, diced, 1 cup red wine, 14 cup chicken broth, 14 cup veal or beef broth, 34 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 14 cup sugar, 1 rounded cup dried mission figs, quartered], title: Fig and Prosciutto Pizza, picturelink: null}, 2572: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nUsing a pastry brush, brush a cookie sheet with oil. Place the sliced pieces of baguette on the cookie sheet and lightly brush each piece with oil. Bake until golden brown, approximately 6 minutes.nWith a mortarandpestle or a food processor, puree the fava beans with extravirgin olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, and Parmesan. Season the mixture with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a skillet on high heat, saute the mushrooms in 2 tablespoons olive oil and shallots until tender. Season the mixture with salt and pepper, to taste.nSpread a spoonful of the fava puree on each slice of baguette and then top with a small amount ricotta then garnish with a piece of cooked morel., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 baguette, sliced into 40 14inch thick slices, 1 cup peeled and cooked fava beans, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Salt and pepper, 1 cup fresh morel mushrooms, sliced into 14inch thick rings you may substitute any mushrooms available, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup fresh ricotta], title: Crostini of Fava Bean Puree, Fresh Ricotta, and Morel Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 2573: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil for the pasta. Salt water and cook pasta to al dente.nWhile pasta cooks, toast rye bread in toaster then butter hot bread. Coarsely chop bread and place in food processor. Add parsley and paprika to bread and process into bread crumbs, reserve.nHeat a sauce pot over medium heat. Add butter to pot and melt, whisk in flour 1 minute then milk. Season the sauce with salt and pepper, thicken sauce 5 to 6 minutes then stir in mustard. Melt 23 of the combined cheeses into the sauce.nPreheat broiler.nDrain pasta and return to hot pot. Toss hot pasta with chopped meat and sauerkraut to combine, stir in cheese sauce and coat. Transfer mac n cheese to casserole and top with bread crumbs and remaining cheese. Brown under broiler 3 to 4 minutes, serve., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound cavatappi, hallow corkscrew shaped pasta or, other short cut, 2 slices rye bread, 3 tablespoons butter plus some for buttering toast, A handful fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon paprika, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 14 cup spicy brown deli mustard recommended: Guldens, 1 cup shredded Swiss cheese, 1 cup shredded Gruyere, 1 cup shredded yellow Cheddar, 34 pound good quality deli corned beef, sliced as thick as bacon, chopped, 1 pound sauerkraut, rinsed and well drained], title: Reuben Mac n Cheese, picturelink: MVwHmOiLfTJnztIavHxb80adpPXdia}, 2574: {instructions: Generously oil or butter a 9inch square baking pan and line with a 14by 8inch piece parchment paper, allowing ends of paper to overhang 2 opposite edges of pan. Press on paper to coat underside with oil or butter and turn over, keeping ends of paper overhanging.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut potatoes into 14inchthick slices and in a kettle of boiling salted water cook until tender but not falling apart, about 8 minutes. Drain potatoes in a colander and cool 15 minutes.nIn a large bowl whisk together butter and sour cream until smooth and whisk in goat cheese and eggs until combined well. Add potatoes, tossing gently, and transfer mixture to baking pan. Smooth top with a spatula, spreading potatoes evenly, and sprinkle with thyme. Bake potato cake in middle of oven 35 minutes, or until top is golden, and cool in pan on a rack. Potato cake may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered.nUsing parchment paper, lift potato cake from pan and transfer to a cutting board. Cut cake into squares, discarding parchment, and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small red potatoes, 34 stick 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sour cream, 4 ounces goat cheese preferably aged about 12 cup, grated if aged or forced through a grater if soft, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves], title: Goat Cheese and Thyme Potato Cake, picturelink: null}, 2575: {instructions: In a large, hot saute pan coated well with oil, saute the lobster. Add the garlic, scallions, and black pepper. Deglaze with wine and add chicken stock and fish sauce. Add butter and check for seasoning.nLemon grass fried rice: In a saucepan on high heat coated with oil, sweat the onions, garlic, ginger and lemon grass. Season. Add the rice and saute the rice for 3 to 5 minutes until hot. Add lemon juice and check for seasoning.nPLATING On a large dinner plate, mold a mound of rice in the middle and top with lobster. Garnish with sliced scallions.nWINE: Fruity Alsatian Riesling, not bone dry like Trimbach, Hugel. We used Gunderloch, Riesling, ingredients: [3 1 to 2 pound lobsters, head off, claws cut in half, tail cut into 4 or 5 medallions shell on, 20 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 2 cups sliced scallions save 14 cup of sliced green scallions for garnish, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, medium ground, 2 cups white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 14 cup fish sauce, 4 tablespoons butter, Salt, to taste, Canola oil, to cook, Canola oil, to cook, 1 finely diced yellow onion, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 tablespoon minced ginger, 3 stalks lemon grass, minced, white part only, 4 cups cooked jasmine rice, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt, to taste], title: GarlicBlack Pepper Lobster with Lemon Grass Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 2576: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut puff pastry into 2 equal size pieces slightly larger than your salmon. Place 1 piece of pastry on oiled or parchment paper lined cookie sheet and set side of salmon on top. Sprinkle with parsley. Lay sliced black truffles over salmon like scales trying to cover entire fish. Sprinkle the chopped hard boiled eggs over truffles and season with salt and pepper.nPlace other piece of pastry on top and seal edges and crimp with your fingers. Brush with egg wash and bake until pastry is golden brown, about 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes and then slice into 6 equal size pieces, garnish platterplate with watercress and serve., ingredients: [1 pound defrosted puff pastry, 2 12 pound salmon fillet cut from the center of the a side of salmon, boned and skinned, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 ounce sliced black truffles, 3 hard boiled eggs, chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 beaten egg, 2 bunches watercress, for garnish], title: Salmon Baked in Puff Pastry with Truffles, picturelink: null}, 2577: {instructions: Combine chopped spinach, chickpeas and chopped onions in a bowl. Add 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar and 3 tablespoons 3 turns of the bowl in a slow stream extravirgin olive oil. Toss well to coat and combine. Season salad with salt and pepper, to your taste., ingredients: [8 ounces baby spinach, 5 cups, chopped, 1 can chick peas, drained, 12 medium red onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, eyeball it, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the bowl, Salt and pepper], title: Baby Spinach and Chick Pea Salad, picturelink: null}, 2578: {instructions: Preheat over to 350 degrees F. Remove corn kernels from husk and mix in a blender with the egg yolks, salt, and cream. Beat egg whites to soft peaks. Fold corn mixture into egg whites and gently add mozzarella and baking powder. Pour into 8 buttered and floured 4ounce ramekins and bake for 30 minutes in a water bath. Unmold onto plates and garnish with cabrales or queso blanco., ingredients: [8 ears corn, 5 eggs, separated, Pinch salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup mozzarella, shredded, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 cup cabrales or queso blanco, for garnish], title: Chipaguazu, picturelink: null}, 2579: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy small skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute until tender and fragrant, about 1 minute. Remove the skillet from the heat and cool. Set aside 2 tablespoons of the Parmesan cheese and stir the rest into the garlic mixture, along with the parsley and salt.nCook the corn in a large saucepan of boiling salted water until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Using tongs, transfer the corn to a platter. Brush the cheese mixture over the hot corn and serve. Sprinkle the remaining 2 tablespoons of cheese on top of the corn., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 ears yellow corn, husked, halved crosswise], title: Corn on the Cob with Parmesan Cheese, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 2580: {instructions: Slice the tomatoes and cheese into 14inch thick slices. Arrange the salad on a serving platter or individual plates in an alternating pattern, with two to three slices of tomato for every piece of cheese. Season with the salt and pepper to taste. Scatter the basil leaves over the top and drizzle with the oil. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [112 pounds vineripened tomatoes, cored, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, 34 to 1 teaspoon fine sea salt or fleur de sel, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup packed basil leaves, torn or cut into thin strips, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Caprese Salad, picturelink: so2v82lLlM8keVzICBgtEGoeobh8JB.}, 2581: {instructions: Season both sides of halibut with salt and black pepper.nHeat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add halibut and cook 2 minutes per side, until golden brown.nRemove fish from pan and set aside.nTo the same pan, add artichoke hearts, broth and saffron. Bring to a simmer. Return fish to pan and simmer 2 minutes, until fish is forktender.nTransfer to a serving platter and is usually served with couscous., ingredients: [4 halibut fillets about 5 ounces each, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 14ounce can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped, 34 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon saffron threads], title: 5 Ingredient PanSeared Halibut with Artichoke Hearts and Saffron Broth, picturelink: INQKe14NZAJSWM9l78w0bAPFuBY.z.}, 2582: {instructions: Marinate the shrimp with the olive oil, garlic, thyme, oregano, for at least an hour up to 24. Peel the grapefruit and cut into segments, lay out on a small sheet pan and top lightly with super fine sugar. Place grapefruit under broiler and cook until golden. In a saucepan, over medium high heat, reduce the grapefruit juice by 34s, add the heavy cream and reduce until thick. Remove from the heat and slowly add the butter, constantly whisking and finish with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the shrimp on an open flame, or in a grill pan until done. Plate shrimp 3 per person alternate with grapefruit segments on the plate. Place masche or watercress in the center of the plate. Drizzle the grapefruit sauce over and serve., ingredients: [2 12 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined with tail on, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano, 3 large pink grapefruit, 14 cup super fine sugar, 12 cup pink grapefruit juice, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 pound unsalted sweet butter, 8 bunchs masche or watercress, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Grilled Marinated Shrimp with Roasted Grapefruit, picturelink: null}, 2583: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan, combine crab cake mixture, corn and bay leaves. Pour over broth and set pan over mediumhigh heat. Simmer 5 minutes. Stir in milk and simmer 2 minutes, until hot. Remove bay leaves and season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Ladle soup into bowls and garnish with chopped fresh parsley.nCrab Cake Mixture:nIn a large bowl, combine crabmeat, sour cream, oats, bread crumbs, Dijon mustard, crab boil seasoning, oregano, and black pepper. Gently mix ingredients together, being careful not to break up crabmeat.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [1 cup crab cake mixture, reserved from crab cakes OR see recipe below, 2 cups frozen corn kernels, 2 bay leaves, 4 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 cup nonfat or lowfat milk, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 12 ounces fresh lump crabmeat or an equal amount of canned lump crabmeat, 2 tablespoons lowfat sour cream, 2 14 teaspoons oats regular or quickcooking, 2 14 teaspoons seasoned dry bread crumbs, 34 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, Pinch ground black pepper, 12 teaspoons olive oil], title: CrabCorn Chowder, picturelink: R49gT.x6wyuyOQMMiPoYwvrLOa9.xC}, 2584: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in a large skillet or Dutch oven. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and continue to cook, about 1 more minute. Sprinkle the mixture with the flour and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in the chicken broth, hot sauce and tomatoes and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until the flavors marry, 25 to 30 minutes. Stir in the cooked chicken, salt and pepper and turn off the heat. Place 4 of the tortillas in the bottom of a casserole dish and top with half of the chicken mixture. Sprinkle with half of the cheese. Repeat the layers with the remaining 4 tortillas, chicken mixture and cheese. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Garnish with the green onions and serve with lime wedges to drizzle with fresh lime juice. Add onion. Add garlic. Add potatoes. Add tomatoes. Add chocolate, ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 Vidalia onion, medium dice, One 3.5ounce package shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken broth homemade or lowsodium boxed, 1 to 2 tablespoons hot sauce, as desired, such as Texas Petes, One 14.5ounce can crushed fireroasted tomatoes, 3 cups shredded cooked chicken breast, 13 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, Eight 6inch blue corn tortillas, 1 cup shredded pepper Jack cheese, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, for serving, 1 lime, wedged, for serving, 1 chocolate, 12 onion, 12 tomatoes, 12 potatoes, 1 garlic], title: Blue Corn Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 2585: {instructions: Place soy sauce in a saucepan over medium heat, add brown sugar and bring to a boil. Turn heat to low, stir in molasses, and return to simmer. Transfer to a mixing bowl. Add sesame oil, tahini, chili oil, and vinegar, and whisk to combine. Season to taste with salt, if desired.nBring a large pot of salted water to a rapid boil. Add noodles, bring back to a boil, and cook, stirring occasionally, until they just begin to soften, about 3 minutes. Soba noodles can overcook very quickly, so stay nearby.nHave ready a large bowl of iced water. Drain noodles, plunge in iced water, and drain again. Place in a colander and rinse well under cold running water. Combine noodles and sauce, toss well with scallions, and chill. Serve in small nests on lettucelined plates with Chopped Tofu and Parsley., ingredients: [13 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon molasses, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 3 tablespoons tahini, 3 tablespoons chili oil, 3 tablespoons balsamic or red wine vinegar, Salt, 12 pound soba or Japanese buckwheat noodles, 12 bunch scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced], title: Spicy Cold Soba Noodles, picturelink: null}, 2586: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini cupcake or muffin pans with 48 mini cupcake liners or line regularsize cupcake or muffin pans with 24 regular cupcake liners.nIn mixing bowl, sift together the flour, sugar, baking soda, cocoa powder, and salt. In another mixing bowl, stir together the eggs and oil. In a mixing cup, mix together the buttermilk, food coloring, vinegar, and vanilla extract and lightly whisk. Gradually add the dry ingredients and buttermilk mixture to the egg mixture, starting and ending with the dry ingredients. We are trying to achieve a dark brown, red cupcake color, so add more cocoa powder, if the red is not deep enough. Then add the batter to the mini cupcake liners until they are 34full and bake for 13 to 14 minutes, or until done. Alternately, fill the regularsize cupcake liners and bake 22 minutes, or until done. Let the cupcakes cool completely.nCombine the sugar, cream cheese, butter, salt, and vanilla extract in a large mixing bowl and blend for 2 minutes., ingredients: [2 12 cups flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 13 cups vegetable oil, 34 cup buttermilk, room temperature, 2 tablespoons red food coloring, 1 tablespoon white distilled vinegar, 12 tablespoon vanilla extract, Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 8 ounces cream cheese, 1 cup or 2 sticks unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Southern Red Velvet Cupcakes, picturelink: hUCkGepweBzaRDXoyHYAxNRzMPBGPt2}, 2587: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, toss the berries together. Add the flour, and sugar give it a good toss. Transfer the berries into a lightly greased 8inch square baking dish.nCrush the dried oats, granola and corn flakes into another mixing bowl. Add the brown sugar, and melted butter. Toss well, so that all the dried ingredients get nice and buttery.nCover the berries with the buttery crumble. Bake for approximately 40 minutes until the crumble is golden brown and the fruit starts to bubble on the sides.nServe with a ball of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [21 ounces blueberries, raspberries and strawberries, frozen or fresh, 2 tablespoons white allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons white granulated sugar, 12 cup dried rolled oats, 12 cup granola, 1 cup corn flakes, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup melted semisalted butter See Cooks Note, Vanilla ice cream], title: Chucks Berry Crumble, picturelink: null}, 2588: {instructions: Heat 14 cup olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks and carrots and cook until tender, 5 minutes. Add the garlic and tomato paste and cook 1 minute. Increase the heat to high add 4 cups water, the cinnamon stick and lentils. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to mediumhigh, cover and simmer until tender, 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, remove the Swiss chard stems reserve 3 leaves and chop the rest. Place the whole leaves over the lentils, cover and wilt, 1 minute. Remove the chard and cover the lentils. Season the salmon with salt and pepper and wrap a wilted chard leaf around each fillet.nReserve about 1 cup lentils for Warm Beet and Lentil Salad. Stir the honey and lemon juice into the remaining lentils and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the chopped chard. Place the wrapped salmon on top of the lentils, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Cover and cook over mediumhigh heat until the fish is just cooked through, 6 minutes.nRemove the salmon and cut into pieces. If the lentils are dry, add a splash of water. Divide lentils among bowls and top with salmon.nTurn leftover lentils into Warm Beet and Lentil Salad With Goat Cheese.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 leeks, white and lightgreen parts only, halved lengthwise and chopped, 2 carrots, diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 pound 1 14 cups French brown or green lentils, 1 bunch Swiss chard, 3 6ounce centercut skinless salmon fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon honey, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Salmon with Lentils, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 2589: {instructions: Put the clams and 2 cups water in a pot. Cover, bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook 5 minutes. Uncover and continue to cook until the clams open, 5 to 10 minutes discard any that do not open transfer the clams to a bowl.nPour the liquid into a large measuring cup. You should have 3 cups liquid add water if needed. Wipe out the pot. Pour the liquid back into the pot through a paper towellined sieve. Add the potatoes, cover and simmer until tender, about 15 minutes. Remove onethird of the potatoes. Continue to cook the remaining potatoes, covered, until soft, about 10 more minutes. Puree in batches in a blender until smooth. Return the soup to the pot.nCook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and celery and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, thyme and bay leaves and cook, stirring, about 3 more minutes. Add the bacon mixture and reserved potatoes to the soup. Cover and cook over low heat, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, remove the clams from their shells and roughly chop. Stir the clam meat and halfandhalf into the soup remove from the heat, cover and set aside, 20 to 30 minutes.nDiscard the bay leaves. Season the soup with salt and pepper and reheat. Serve topped with a slice of butter, parsley, chives and paprika.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [4 pounds cherrystone clams, scrubbed, 2 large redskinned potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 slice lean centercut bacon, chopped, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 stalk celery, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup fatfree halfandhalf, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 teaspoons unsalted butter, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 12 teaspoon paprika], title: LowFat Clam Chowder, picturelink: olnoxf4bOJ9FJbVolZpxNoRM5o1GOoe}, 2590: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWrap the potatoes in foil and bake until easily pierced with a knife, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Unwrap and set aside to cool.nAdd the butter, sugar, chile powder, salt and pepper to a medium bowl and vigorously stir until thoroughly mixed.nSplit open the tops of the sweet potatoes, add a dollop of the spiced butter and finish with some toasted pecans on top., ingredients: [2 medium sweet potatoes, 4 tablespoons salted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon chile powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon crushed black pepper, 1 cup chopped toasted pecans], title: Sweet Potato Sugar Butter Bomb, picturelink: null}, 2591: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nLeaving their skins on, scrub the potatoes with a brush to remove any dirt or blemishes. Dry the potatoes with paper towels or a cloth. Leave whole, cut in half or in quarters, depending on the size of the potatoes. Pour the olive oil into a roasting pan or large cast iron skillet and heat in a 350 degree oven for ten minutes before adding the potatoes. Roast the potatoes for 45 minutes, until crisp. Shake the pan several times during cooking, so that the potatoes roll around to brown evenly. Remove from the oven. Drain the potatoes on paper towels or a cloth to absorb the excess oil, then place in a serving dish.nIn a saute pan, melt the butter, add the garlic, and saute until light goldenbrown. Add the chopped herbs to the garlic butter, stir together quickly, and remove from the heat. Pour the garlic herb butter over the potatoes, season with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds small potatoes: Red Bliss, small whites, Yukon Gold, Yellow Finns, or Fingerling potatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and finely minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Roasted Potatoes with Garlic, picturelink: null}, 2592: {instructions: In a rice cooker, mix the rice, stock, water, and 1 tablespoon butter. Cover and cook according to machine instructions. Meanwhile, in a small saute pan over low heat, saute the onion in the remaining 3 tablespoons butter until soft and sweet, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Set aside. When the rice is done, toss the rice with the onion butter and serve., ingredients: [1 cup brown rice, 1 cup beef stock, 1 14 cups water, 14 cup butter, divided, 12 onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Special equipment: rice cooker], title: Dressed Up Rice, picturelink: ZOtWq4QHbXJ4EvxUe1ROD0LEoIfxFFy}, 2593: {instructions: Check the beans for any stones or dirt and discard. Put the beans in a large bowl cover with cold water by about 3 inches. Cover, and set aside in a cool spot or the refrigerator to soak for 6 hours or overnight.nDrain the beans. Put the beans in a large saucepan with 5 cups of water and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat so the beans simmer and cook for 30 minutes. Drain, but reserve the cooking water.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nPut the beans in a 2 to 2 12quart ceramic bean pot or covered casserole with the salt pork and the onion. In a medium bowl combine the molasses, mustard, and salt with 2 cups of the cooking liquid and pour over the beans. If the beans are not covered by the liquid add more. Cover the pot, and bake for 3 hours. Check the beans periodically to make sure they are covered with liquid and if needed add more of the reserved cooking liquid. Gently stir in the tomatoes and vinegar, taking care not to break up the beans, continue to bake for 3 more hours. Remove from the oven and stir in the rum, if desired. Serve., ingredients: [34 cup dry pinto beans, 34 cup dry blackeyed peas, 34 cup dry navy beans, 12 pound salt pork, rinsed, scored and halved, 1 medium onion, stuck with 1 whole clove, 13 cup unsulphured molasses, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup drained and chopped canned whole tomatoes, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon dark rum optional], title: New England Baked Beans, picturelink: null}, 2594: {instructions: Combine the turkey, onion and garlic in a medium bowl. Mix in the Mrs. Dash Chili Seasoning Mix. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to let the flavors meld. Heat the oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey mixture and cook until browned. Add the chicken stock, tomatoes and bay leaf. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to a low simmer and cook for 1 hour. Add the kidney beans and lentils and cook for 10 minutes. Serve the chili with a dollop of sour cream, a sprinkle of cilantro and cornbread on the side., ingredients: [1 pound ground turkey, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 package Mrs. Dash u00ae Chili Seasoning Mix 1.25 ounces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chicken stock, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 bay leaf, 2 cups canned kidney beans, 2 cups canned lentils, Sour cream, for serving, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Warm cornbread, for serving], title: Turkey Lentil Chili, picturelink: null}, 2595: {instructions: For the flatbread: In an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the yeast, sugar, and water. Mix for 1 minute on low speed and let sit until the mixture just begins to bubble. Attach the dough hook and add the flours and salt to the yeast mixture. Mix until it forms a mass, the dough should be sticky. Continue to add additional flour, if necessary, until the surface is dry enough to handle and dry enough to roll.nDivide the dough into pieces, roll into balls and lightly brush with oil. Place on a floured surface and cover the balls with plastic wrap and a clean cloth and let proof for 2 hours at room temperature or place on a lightly greased baking sheet, cover and let proof overnight in the refrigerator.nTo form flatbread, pat each piece of dough out into a 5inch disk and sprinkle liberally with flour. Roll each disk on a floured surface into a 10inch diameter circle.nPuncture the dough liberally with a fork to keep it from rising. Grill or bake each on a pizza stone or a lightly greased sheet pan for about 5 minutes at 425 degrees F. until dough starts to get crisp on the edges but still remains chewy.nSpicy Hummus: Place chickpeas, garlic, chipotle puree, lemon juice, and tahini in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. With the machine running, slowly add the olive oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble and bake:nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nTop each prebaked flatbread with the spicy hummus. Arrange any or all of the veggies on top of the hummus. Season with salt, pepper, and ancho powder.nPlace the bread back in the oven and bake for 5 minutes to heat through. Remove and add olives, goat cheese, and fresh basil. Cut into small squares and place on a platter., ingredients: [12 ounce fresh yeast, 1 12 teaspoons granulated sugar, 1 14 cups water, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces bread flour, 34 cup buckwheat flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 cups chickpeas, cooked or canned, drained and rinsed, 6 cloves roasted garlic, 1 tablespoon chipotle puree, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons tahini, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Red bell peppers cut into strips, Sliced red onions, Sliced scallions, Blanched green beans, Thinly sliced eggplant, Salt and pepper, Ancho powder, 12 pound goat cheese, crumbled, Chopped Nicoise olives, Basil chiffonade, Spiced nuts, Marinated olives, Cheese platter with an assortment of cheeses and crackers, Crudite], title: Buckwheat Flatbread with Spicy Hummus and Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 2596: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nForm the pizza dough into two 12to14inch rounds, 14 inch thick. Bake, preferably on a pizza stone or pizza pan, for 4 to 6 minutes, or until just beginning to brown. Leave the oven at 400 degrees F.nWhile the pizza crust is baking, toast the almonds in a medium dry skillet over mediumhigh heat. Transfer the almonds to a plate to cool.nMelt the butter in the skillet. Add the graham cracker crumbs, chili powder, cayenne and salt. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until the crumbs are well coated. Remove from the heat and set aside.nFor each pizza, top the crust with half of the marshmallows and scatter half of the chocolate over the marshmallows. Return to the oven for 3 to 5 minutes, until the marshmallows are puffed and lightly browned. Sprinkle the pizza with half of the graham cracker mixture and top with half of the almonds. Let rest 3 to 4 minutes, slice and serve. Repeat to make the second pizza.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 1pound storebought pizzadough balls, 14 cup slivered almonds, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 sleeve graham crackers, crushed about 1 14 cups crumbs, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 3 cups mini marshmallows, 2 4ounce dark chocolate bars, broken into 14inch chunks], title: Smore Pizza, picturelink: ll0KXYVHxnEiXIHbA169Sme3UUeAr.}, 2597: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nTo make the sauce, combine tomato sauce, ketchup, vinegar, sugar, and garlic powder in a small bowl. Mix well and set aside.nLightly spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray. Take a halfslice of bacon and coat it in the sauce. Wrap the saucecovered bacon around a shrimp and place it, seam side down, on the baking sheet.nRepeat with the rest of the bacon and shrimp.nBake in the oven until the shrimp are cooked through and the bacon is crispy, 10 to 15 minutes. So good, ingredients: [13 cup canned tomato sauce, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar not packed, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 8 slices turkey bacon or centercut bacon, halved widthwise, 16 large not jumbo raw shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails removed], title: BaconBundled BBQ Shrimp, picturelink: JGTGr6e.a6GE7Jmt8ERmXazjwEmOGyK}, 2598: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375. Make the agrodolce sauce: Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil, the rosemary, whole garlic cloves and pepper flakes in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring, until the garlic is tender, 8 minutes. Set aside 1 tablespoon of the garlic oil. Add the vinegar and sugar to the pan simmer over mediumlow heat until syrupy and caramelized, 5 minutes.nHalve the squash lengthwise and remove the seeds. Brush the cut sides with the reserved garlic oil and season with salt and pepper. Place cutside up in a baking dish and roast until tender, 1 hour. Reduce the oven to 200. Hold the squash with a towel using a fork, pull off flesh in strands and place in the baking dish. Season with salt and pepper, cover with foil and keep warm in the oven.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and cook, stirring, until browned, 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet add the tomatoes and toss until they blister. Add 1 tablespoon of the agrodolce sauce and a splash of water cover and cook until the tomatoes burst, 5 minutes. Return the mushrooms to the pan and warm through.nMeanwhile, bring 1 inch of water to a boil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Season the fish with salt and pepper, then place in a bamboo or collapsible steamer over the water cover and steam until almost cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and keep covered to finish cooking, 2 to 4 minutes.nPlace a fish fillet on each of 4 plates add the squash, mushrooms and tomatoes. Drizzle with the agrodolce sauce. Serve with extra sauce and the caramelized garlic.nPhotograph by Sang An, ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 or 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 head garlic, peeled, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 medium spaghetti squash, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 ounces mixed mushrooms shiitake, chanterelle andor oyster, cut into pieces if large, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, 4 6ounce striped bass fillets, pin bones removed], title: Bass Agrodolce with Spaghetti Squash and Mushrooms, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 2599: {instructions: Butter a 9by14inch broilerproof baking dish.nCut out the blemishes or imperfections from the potatoes. Quarter the potatoes, add them to large pot with salted water to cover and boil until soft, 25 to 30 minutes.nMash the potatoes, transfer them to a large bowl and cool in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the cream, milk and 1 stick of the butter in a stock pot until warm. Add the polenta and 1 teaspoon of salt and cook over medium heat, stirring continuously to prevent clumping, until smooth and creamy, 50 to 60 minutes.nStir the pepper and remaining stick of butter into the polenta. Add the polenta to the mashed potatoes and stir until thoroughly combined.nTransfer the polenta mixture to the prepared baking dish and spread it into an even layer.nPreheat the broiler. Broil the polenta mixture until the top of the dish has browned, 12 to 15 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 6 large Yukon Gold potatoes, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 12 cups whole milk, 1 cup organic yellow polenta, 2 teaspoon white pepper], title: Polenta Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 2600: {instructions: 1 Halve, seed and peel squash. Cut into bitesize cubes. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil, the squash, garlic, salt and red pepper flakes. Cover and cook 1015 minutes until squash is just tender, stirring several times. Remove from heat.n2 Whisk together remaining olive oil, maple syrup and lemon juice add 2 tablespoons dressing to squash. Stir in Almond Accents. Serve squash warm or cool over arugula or spinach. Drizzle with remaining dressing., ingredients: [1 small butternut squash about 1 12 pounds or 4 cups cubed, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided use, 1 clove garlic, pressed or minced, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 34 cup Wonderful Almond Accents Honey Roasted with Cranberries, 46 cups arugula or baby spinach leaves], title: Winter Squash and HoneyAlmond Cranberry Salad, picturelink: H.v3Fxy0oCF1sFCQ82fVfg5OQYJp6W}, 2601: {instructions: Mix 1 cup lowfat sour cream and 2 tablespoons each brown sugar and lime juice sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Thread fruit onto skewers serve with dip., ingredients: [], title: Fruit Dip, picturelink: umO9MoHKsgbvI0V2bFWcoDWtOiMLyv.}, 2602: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. In a saucepan combine the red onion, vinegar, pickling spices and salt and bring to a simmer. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer mixture to a bowl and chill. In a heavy skillet heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over moderately high heat and cook the onion until tender and golden. Add the cumin, salt and pepper and cook until the aroma of the cumin is released, about 1 minute. Add the beans and water and cook, stirring and mashing until beans are coarsely mashed, about 5 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper if necessary. Brush one side of 2 tortillas with remaining oil and place, oilside down, on a baking sheet. Divide the bean mixture between the 2 tortillas and sprinkle each with a 13 cup of the cheese. Cover with the remaining 2 tortillas and lightly brush with oil. Bake the quesadillas in the middle of the oven until golden, about 8 to 10 minutes. Sprinkle the remaining cheese over each quesadilla and continue to bake until the cheese melts. Transfer the quesadillas to a cutting board and cut into 6 wedges. Top each wedge with a small dollop of sour cream, some pickled onion and a sprig of cilantro. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 medium red onion, cut into thin slices, 1 cup cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons pickling spices, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup onion, chopped, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 cup canned pinto beans, rinsed and drained, 14 cup water, Four 7inch flour tortillas, 1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, Sour cream, Cilantro sprigs], title: Refried Bean and Monterey Jack Quesadillas with Pickled Onions, picturelink: null}, 2603: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large skillet, heat oil over mediumhigh. Cook sausage, breaking it up with a fork, until no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, shallot, and chopped mushrooms stems season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to medium, and cook until vegetables are tender, stirring occasionally, 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, stir in parsley and oregano, and let cool.nAdd egg, breadcrumbs, and cheese to cooled sausage mixture, and stir to combine. Place mushroom caps on a rimmed baking sheet. Season cavities with salt and pepper, then stuff with sausage mixture, dividing evenly and packing tightly. Drizzle lightly with oil.nBake until mushrooms are tender and tops are browned, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve immediately garnished with additional oregano leaves, if desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more drizzling, 6 ounces sweet Italian sausage about 2 links, removed from casings, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 large shallot, minced, 24 large button mushrooms, caps cleaned, stems trimmed and finely chopped, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, plus whole leaves for garnish optional, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons plain dry breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons finely grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese], title: Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: KYYfjogzha9ck6OhenS.GgGZZDgFDK}, 2604: {instructions: Beat the egg with a pinch of salt. Lightly flour the slices of liver, shake off the excess, and dip them first into the beaten egg and then into the breadcrumbs.nIn a large heavy skillet, over a medium high heat, melt the butter and quickly sear the liver until brown on both sides. Turn the liver only once to avoid overcooking. Remove the liver to a platter and cover with loosely tented foil to keep warm.nTo the same skillet, over a low heat, add the shallots and cook 3 to 4 minutes. Add the lime juice and sugar, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Add the lime segments. Pour this mixture over the liver and garnish with slices of hard cooked egg.nServe with braised green cabbage., ingredients: [1 egg, Pinch sea salt, 1 12 pounds calves liver, very thinly sliced, 1 cup flour, 2 cups fine dry breadcrumbs, 14 cup butter or vegetable oil, 4 large shallots, peeled and diced, Juice and segments of 2 limes, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 2 hard cooked eggs], title: Sweet and Sour Liver, picturelink: null}, 2605: {instructions: Heat olive oil in soup pot. Add garlic, jalapenos, red onion, and cumin. Add chicken stock, corn tortillas, and scallions. Simmer 20 minutes. Add lime and cilantro.nTo serve, ladle into bowls and top with sour cream, fried leeks, and diced tomatoes, ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced fresh jalapenos, 1 12 cups chopped red onion, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 9 cups chicken stock, 16 6 to 8inch corn tortillas, 12 cup chopped scallions, 1 lime, juiced, 14 cup chopped cilantro, Garnish: sour cream, fried leeks, diced tomatoes], title: Corn Tortilla Soup, picturelink: null}, 2606: {instructions: In a small saucepan, heat the simple syrup with the rosemary to a simmer. Bring it back down to room temperature, then discard the rosemary. Mix in the blood orange juice, water and a few drops lemon juice. Follow the directions on an ice cream maker to freeze., ingredients: [1 cup simple syrup equal parts sugar and water, boiled until sugar is dissolved1 sprig rosemary, 1 cup blood orange juice, 14 cup water, Lemon juice, a few drops], title: Rosemary and Blood Orange Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 2607: {instructions: In a saute pan and over a high heat, add the olive oil, fresh garlic, red and green peppers, mushrooms, salt, and pepper. Let the mixture cook until vegetables are slightly softened, and then add the spinach and ham and let simmer for 5 minutes. Strain the mixture well and add it to a slightly greased 13 by 9inch baking pan.nIn a separate bowl combine the eggs and halfandhalf, and mix well with a wire whisk. Add the combination to the baking pan along with the Parmesan, mozzarella, fresh basil, and spaghetti. Mix all the ingredients together gently.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the baking pan in the middle rack and cook for 25 to 30 minutes. Then remove the pan from the oven and let it stand for 5 minutes. Garnish the pasta frittata with Parmesan and fresh parsley and serve., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh garlic, 1 cup diced green peppers, 1 cup diced red peppers, 2 cups sliced mushrooms, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 pound fresh spinach leaves, 2 cups small diced ham, 16 eggs, 12 quart halfandhalf, 1 cup grated Parmesan, plus more, for garnish, 8 ounces mozzarella, shredded, 14 cup chopped basil, 10 ounces spaghetti, cooked, 14 cup chopped parsley], title: Pasta Frittata, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 2608: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Easy Summer Party Recipes, picturelink: null}, 2609: {instructions: Muddle the ginger and the orange in a glass with some ice. Add the remaining ingredients and strain into a glass filled with ice. Garnish with ginger slices and serve., ingredients: [2 1 12 by 1inch slices fresh ginger, plus slices for garnish, 1 slice orange, Ice, 34ounce rum, 34ounce orangeflavored rum, 2 ounces pomegranate juice, 1ounce fresh lime juice, 1ounce simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves cool, Splash soda water], title: Ginger O, picturelink: null}, 2610: {instructions: Soak the onion in cold water, 15 minutes. Meanwhile, hardboil the eggs: Put the eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water bring to a boil and cook 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, cover and let sit 10 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice water. Return the water to a boil and season with salt. Add the asparagus and cook 2 minutes. Drain and transfer to the ice water.nMake the dressing: Whisk the mustard, vinegar, lime zest and juice, and the sugar in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Gradually whisk in the olive oil.nDrain the asparagus and chop. Toss the lettuce, asparagus, radishes, hearts of palm, cucumber, tomatoes, corn and avocados in a large bowl. Peel and chop the eggs and drain the onions, then add to the salad. Add the dressing and toss. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [14 cup finely diced red onion, 2 large eggs, Kosher salt, 1 bunch asparagus, trimmed, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 lime 1 teaspoon grated zest, plus the juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 head Bibb lettuce, torn, 1 cup diced radishes from 1 bunch, 1 14ounce can hearts of palm, drained and thinly sliced, 12 English cucumber, seeded and diced, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 6 to 8 spears baby corn, diced, 2 Hass avocados, diced], title: Chopped Salad, picturelink: wePrtcQyNZwt5yynZI3ArLBtpgCuAlG}, 2611: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium sized, nonstick skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and cook for 2 minutes, stirring once or twice. Add the tomatoes and cook for 1 minute more. Transfer the oniontomato mixture to a bowl and set aside.nIn a medium bowl lightly beat together the whole eggs, egg whites and water, if using. Pour the egg mixture into the skillet and cook over a mediumlow flame, stirring frequently, until the eggs are almost set. Drain any excess water from the tomato mixture and stir the mixture gently into the eggs. Toss in the dill, season with salt and pepper, and serve.nServing suggestion: Serve with a piece of wholegrain toast spread with 18 of an avocado, instead of butter., ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, 12 cup red onion, diced, 1 cup tomato, cored, seeded and diced, 4 whole eggs, 4 egg whites, 2 tablespoons water, optional, 1 tablespoon fresh dill, finely chopped, or 1 teaspoon dried dill, Salt and pepper], title: Scrumptious Scramble, picturelink: Tfc3kiGmU3giNUVLzewP5h0wCB9fIZW}, 2612: {instructions: For the duck: Rub the breasts with half of the sesame oil and season with five spice powder and salt. In a hot saute pan add the remaining oil and sear the duck breast, skin side down, until skin had started to get crisp. Turn the breasts over and sear on the other side for one minute, then turn skin side down again and transfer pan to a 400 degree oven and cook until duck is medium. About 6 minutes. Remove breasts and set aside. When meat is cool enough to cut, slice very thin.nFor the spring rolls: Lay a spring roll wrapper on a flat surface, then add a small amount of Asian greens, carrot and cucumber to the center of the wrapper. Lay three or four slices of duck on top of the vegetables. Fold each side of the wrapper in towards the center so the sides just touch. Then carefully roll the spring roll up tightly making sure the seal is tight. Repeat process until all rolls are completed.nFor the vinegar: In a large bowl add all ingredients together and whisk., ingredients: [2 duck breasts, 1ounce sesame oil, 1 tablespoon Chinese five spice powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 8 spring roll wrappers, 4 ounces Asian greens, 1 small carrot, julienned thin, 1 small cucumber, juilienned thin, 12 cup rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon siracha, hot pepper sauce, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 teaspoon black sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons scallion, chopped thin], title: Five Spice Seared Duck  Asian Greens Spring Roll, picturelink: null}, 2613: {instructions: Shake all ingredients in an icefilled mixing glass. Strain into chilled martini glasses. Garnish with orange peels., ingredients: [2 ounces Absolut Mandarin, 34 ounce Campari, 1 ounce freshly squeezed honey tangerine juice, Orange peel strip to garnish], title: Honey Tangerine Martini, picturelink: null}, 2614: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the vegetable oil in a heavybottomed pot until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 360 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, cornstarch, baking powder, a big pinch of salt and some pepper. Whisk in the beer, and then the eggs.nIn batches, dust the fish with flour, and then carefully dip into the batter. Shake off any excess, and then gently place into the oil. Fry until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain on a paper towellined plate and season immediately with salt and pepper.nServe the fish and Homemade Chips together with lemon wedges, malt vinegar and Tangy Tarter Sauce.nHeat 1 inch of peanut oil in a heavybottomed pot until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 360 degrees F. In batches, add the potato slices to the hot oil. Fry until brown and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain on a paper towellined plate and season immediately with salt.nStir together the creme fraiche, mayonnaise, horseradish, capers, chives and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more to dust fish, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon baking powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bottles wheat beer, 2 eggs, whisked, 3 pounds cod fillets, cut in nice pieces, Homemade Chips, recipe follows, Lemon wedges, for serving, Malt vinegar, for serving, Tangy Tarter Sauce, recipe follows, Peanut oil, for frying, 3 russet potatoes, very thinly and evenly sliced, Salt, 12 cup creme fraiche, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons freshly grated horseradish, 1 tablespoon capers, chopped, 1 bunch chives, chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Easy Fish and Chips, picturelink: USL2VizUlLdK6j3k3N5uOpjlbEAP25y}, 2615: {instructions: Place ice, strawberries, banana, peach, rum, sour mix, and Cointreau in a blender. Blend until smooth. Adjust consistency by adding more ice or fruit as needed. Garnish with fresh fruit, and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups small ice cubes, 3 to 4 large ripe strawberries, 1 ripe banana, sliced, 4 wedges frozen peach, 14 cup dark rum, 14 cup sour mix, 2 tablespoons Cointreau, Fresh fruit, for garnish], title: Banana Strawberry Peach Daiquiri, picturelink: null}, 2616: {instructions: With a sharp knife, cut tuna fillet crosswise at a slight angle and into slices about 14 inch thick. Wrap in a clean kitchen towel and set aside. Cut the cucumber into narrow strips about 4 inches long. Mix the sushi rice with the sesame seeds.nJust before rolling sushi, toast the nori by passing the shiny side over a high flame. The color of the nori will change from brownish black to dark green. Without toasting, the nori will be gummy and hard to chew. Cut toasted nori sheets in half crosswise.nLay a 12 a sheet of the nori, shiny side down, on a bamboo rolling mat. Combine the rice vinegar and water in a mixing bowl, and moisten your hands with this hand vinegar to keep the rice from sticking to your hands as you work. Spread about 1 cup of the sushi rice on 34 of the nori closest to you, in a layer about 14 inch thick, spreading it to the edges. Smear a thin line of the wasabi across the center of the rice, and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon of chili oil. Lay 14 of the cucumber strips and 14 of the tuna slices evenly along the wasabi.nTo roll, hold the line of ingredients in place with fingertips, and use thumbs to push up and turn the end of the bamboo mat so that the edge of the nori is lifted up and meets the far edge of the sheet. Correct the shape by gently but firmly pressing the bamboo mat around the roll for about 30 seconds to shape it. Make 3 more rolls.nUse a wet knife to cut each roll into 1inch rounds. Arrange sushi on a platter or individual plates and garnish with the vinegared ginger., ingredients: [6 ounce tuna fillet, without skin, 1 Japanese cucumber or 12 Western variety, peeled and seeded, 4 cups sushi rice, cooked, 1 tablespoon white sesame seeds, toasted, 2 sheets nori seaweed, 1 teaspoon rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons water, Bamboo mat, 1 tablespoon finely grated wasabi horseradish, 2 teaspoons spicy chili oil, Sweetvinegared ginger, well drained, for garnish], title: Spicy Tuna Roll with Cucumber, picturelink: null}, 2617: {instructions: Place English muffin in toaster and toast.nIn a microwave safe bowl, about the same diameter as the English muffin, place the 1 slice Canadian bacon and 3 egg whites. Season with salt and pepper. Loosely cover with plastic wrap. Microwave on high for 1 minute. Remove from microwave and gently stir egg whites. Microwave 30 seconds more. Remove and immediately place a cheese slice over hot egg whites. Slide onto toasted English muffin. Repeat with remaining ingredients., ingredients: [4 English muffins, 4 slices Canadian bacon, 12 egg whites, Salt and pepper, 4 slices cheddar], title: Mock Muffin, picturelink: null}, 2618: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine butter, truffles, and almond powder. Once the mixture is well combined, place in blender to create a sauce.nPreheat skillet and add clarified butternOnce skillet is hot place turbot in pan. Sear turbot on both sides.nTo plate dish, place cabbage on plate, add turbot on top of cabbage. Drizzle truffle almond sauce over turbot and plate. To garnish add finely chopped truffles and fleur de sel., ingredients: [1 young cabbage, 14 pound butter, 2 ounces truffles, plus extra, for garnish, 4 tablespoons almond powder, 12 cup clarified butter, 4 turbot fillets, 12 cup fleur de sel], title: Turbot with Summer Truffles, picturelink: null}, 2619: {instructions: Heat about 2 inches of oil in a heavybottomed pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees.nCombine the jalapeno, scallions, mayonnaise and pickling liquid in a blender puree until almost smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nPlace the flour in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Dredge the catfish in the flour shake off any excess in a strainer. Working in batches, fry the fish until lightly golden and just cooked through, about 1 minute. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and drain on a papertowellined plate let cool. Preheat the broiler.nWhile the fish cools, divide the buns into four 3roll rows theyll look like hot dog buns. Split open down the center brush the tops and insides with the melted butter broil until golden, 1 to 2 minutes.nToss the fried catfish with the spiced mayonnaise divide among the buns. Garnish with tomato, pickles and celery.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 to 2 jalapeno or serrano peppers, diced remove seeds for less heat, 2 scallions, roughly chopped, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 to 2 tablespoons pickling liquid, plus sliced pickles for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup instant flour such as Wondra, 1 pound catfish fillets, cut into 12inch chunks, 1 12count package miniature potato buns do not separate, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 large ripe tomato, thinly sliced, 1 stalk celery, thinly sliced], title: FriedCatfish Rolls, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 2620: {instructions: In a paella pan or wide, shallow pan with a tightfitting lid, heat the Achiote Oil over mediumhigh heat until the oil is rippling. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and add as many pieces skin side down to the pan as fit without touching. Cook, turning as necessary, until well browned on all sides, about 10 minutes. Remove the pieces as they are done and set aside. Adjust the heat under the pan, especially after you start removing chicken, so the chicken browns without the oil darkening.nWhen all the chicken is removed from the pan, add the Sofrito and alcaparrado. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Raise the heat to high and boil until most of the water is evaporated from the Sofrito. Add the cumin and cloves.nStir in the rice until coated with oil. Return the chicken to the pan, pour in enough broth to cover the rice by the width of 2 fingers about 1inch, and bring to a boil. Cook over high heat until the level of liquid reaches the rice. Stir gently and reduce the heat to low. Cover the pan and cook until the liquid is absorbed, the chicken is cooked through, and the rice is tender but firm, about 20 minutes. Fluff the rice with a fork. The arroz con pollo can be brought to the table right in the pan or transferred to a large serving platter. Either way, garnish with the red pepper before serving.nHeat the oil and annatto seeds in a small skillet over medium heat just until the seeds give off a lively, steady sizzle. Dont overheat the mixture or the seeds will turn black and the oil will turn a nasty green. Once theyre sizzling, remove the pan from the heat and let stand until the sizzling stops. Strain and reserve in a jar with a tightfitting lid at room temperature for up to 4 days.nChop the onion and Cubanelle or Italian peppers in the work bowl of a food processor until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, add the remaining ingredients 1 at a time and process until smooth. The sofrito will keep in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. It also freezes beautifully., ingredients: [14 cup Achiote Oil, recipe follows, 1 3 to 4pound chicken, cut into 10 pieces, Fine sea or kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Sofrito, recipe follows, 14 cup alcaparrado or coarsely chopped pimientostuffed olives, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Pinch ground cloves, 4 cups longgrain rice, 5 cups homemade or storebought reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 large bottled roasted red peppers, cut into 14inch strips about 1 12 cups, 1 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons achiote annatto seeds, see Cooks Note, 2 medium Spanish onions about 12 ounces, cut into large chunks, 3 to 4 Italian frying peppers or Cubanelle peppers, cored, seeded and cut into large chunks, 16 to 20 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 large bunch cilantro, washed, 7 to 10 ajices dulces see Cooks Note, optional, 4 leaves culantro see Cooks Note, optional, 3 to 4 ripe plum tomatoes about 1 pound, cored and cut into chunks, 1 large red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into large chunks], title: Chicken with Rice Arroz con Pollo, picturelink: 3JR2POE6b1xrXnWBjlsYqz7ka8N3ea}, 2621: {instructions: Wash the Chinese broccoli in several changes of cold water and drain thoroughly in a colander until dry to the touch. Trim 14inch from the bottom of each stalk. Stalks that are more than 12inch in diameter should be peeled with a paring knife, then halved lengthwise. Cut the broccoli stalks and leaves into 2 12inch long pieces, keeping the stalk ends separate from the leaves and buds. Remove and discard the hard rind and thick layer of fat attached to the rind from the Chinese bacon. Cut into very thin slices crosswise. In a small bowl, combine the soy sauce, rice wine, and sugar set aside. Heat a 14inch flat bottomed wok or skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking. Add the vegetable oil and garlic, and stirfry 15 seconds. Add the Chinese bacon and stirfry 30 seconds. Add only the broccoli stalks and stirfry 1 to 1 12 minutes, or until stalks are bright green. Add the leaves and continue stirfrying 1 minute, or until the leaves are just limp. Swirl in the soy sauce mixture and continue stirfrying 2 to 3 minutes, or until the vegetables are just tender but still bright green. Serve immediately., ingredients: [10 stalks Chinese broccoli gai lan, about 12 ounces, 3 ounces Chinese Bacon lop yok, store bought or homemade, 1 teaspoon thin soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Shao Hsing rice cooking wine, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 2 garlic cloves, smashed and peeled], title: StirFried Chinese Broccoli and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 2622: {instructions: Special equipment: 4inch cast iron pannSift the rice flour and salt into a bowl and make a well in the center. Whisk the coconut milk, egg, sugar, ginger, and sesame oil together. Pour the egg mixture into the well in the flour and mix to form a smooth batter. Set the batter aside to rest for 10 minutes before cooking.nIn a cast iron pan heat 12 teaspoon clarified butter over medium high heat. Ladle 1ounce of batter into the pan. Cook until edges start to crisp. Flip the Ravadosa to brown the top side. Roll some of the Sweet Potato and Cumin filling in a Ravadosa and tie with a piece of green onion. Repeat with remaining batter.nCook the sweet potatoes in boiling salted water until just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside in a large bowl. Melt the unsalted butter in a large skillet. Saute the onion until golden, about 5 minutes. Combine the cumin, chilies, garlic, ginger, ground coriander, mustard seeds, and turmeric and stir into the onions and cook for 1 minute. Add the onion mixture to the sweet potatoes and mix well. Stir in the chopped coriander and the lemon juice. Season with the kosher salt., ingredients: [1 cup rice flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 13 12ounce can coconut milk, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon palm sugar, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 cup clarified butter, Sweet Potato and Cumin filling, recipe follows, 6 green onions, green part blanched, 3 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 white onion, thinly sliced about 1 pound, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 green chiles, minced, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh coriander, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Ravadosa Pancakes with Sweet Potato and Cumin Filling, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 2623: {instructions: Before grilling the potatoes, blanch them. Put the potatoes in cold water and add salt. Bring water to a simmer and cook the potatoes until they are tender.nPreheat a grill or grill pan on mediumhigh heat.nSlice the potatoes lengthwise and add to a large mixing bowl with the thyme, garlic, and olive oil. Season with gray salt and pepper and toss to coat the potatoes well. Grill the potatoes over indirect heat for about 3 to 5 minutes on each side until well marked and fully cooked., ingredients: [4 large Yukon gold potatoes, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Yukon Gold Potatoes with Thyme and Garlic, picturelink: m1w2hj9beZ1ZFSoQKdxYRD6bviytwcS}, 2624: {instructions: Pour 12 teaspoon creme de cassis into 2 champagne flutes. Pour champagne over the creme de cassis. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 teaspoon creme de cassis, Champagne], title: Kir Royale, picturelink: null}, 2625: {instructions: Combine cabbage, onion, green pepper, and carrots in a large bowl and sprinkle with sugar. Set aside. Combine remaining ingredients in a pot and boil 3 minutes. Pour over vegetables, stirring well. Chill overnight. Enjoy., ingredients: [1 medium cabbage, shredded, 1 small onion, grated, 1 medium bell pepper, chopped, 2 carrots, grated, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup vinegar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper], title: Lady Causeys Overnight Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: null}, 2626: {instructions: Special equipment: Wooden skewersnPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nUsing a small paring knife peel and halve the cipollini. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat until hot but not smoking. Add the onions and season with salt and pepper. Caramelize the onions over high heat for about 5 minutes, transfer pan to the oven and continue to cook for about 8 to 10 minutes until the onions are nicely caramelized and fully cooked throughout, remove from pan to a plate and let cool slightly. Arrange the cherry tomatoes and onions on a platter with skewers for dipping.nIn a small saucepan, over mediumlow heat, melt the butter and cook until it is just beginning to brown. Immediately add the thyme and garlic. Cook for 2 minutes, stirring to prevent the garlic from browning. Add the cream, raise the heat to medium, bring to a slow simmer and reduce the cream by 13, about 2 minutes. Add the cheese and stir until the cheese melts and the mixture is smooth, season, to taste, with pepper. Pour the sauce into a fondue pot and set over a candle to keep hot.nPlace the platter of veggies and skewers alongside and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound cipollini onions, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 pound blue cheese, crumbled recommended: Pt. Reyes, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Blue Cheese Fondue with Cherry Tomatoes and Roasted Cipollini Onions, picturelink: hfhwxd.pf4FlyNcU8ttt5E6jXQjZBTG}, 2627: {instructions: In a bowl stir together the drained yogurt, the cucumbers, squeezed dry between paper towels, the chopped dill, the garlic, the oil, the lemon juice, and salt to taste. Let the dip stand, covered and chilled, for at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours to allow the flavors to develop. Stir the dip, garnish it with the dill sprigs, and serve it with the pita wedges., ingredients: [2 8ounce containers plain yogurt, drained in a fine sieve set over a bowl, covered and chilled, for 6 hours, 1 pound cucumber, peeled, seeded, and chopped fine, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh dill plus dill sprigs for garnish, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Pita loaves, cut into wedges, as an accompaniment], title: Cucumber Yogurt Dip, picturelink: null}, 2628: {instructions: To make the nutty wafer crust, preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Lightly oil a 9inch deep dish pie plate. In a medium bowl, stir together the cookie crumbs, peanuts and butter until well combined. Press the mixture evenly into the bottom and up the sides of the prepared pie plate. Bake the crust for 8 to 10 minutes, or until set. Cool on a wire rack.nTo make the chocolatepeanut butter filling, in a medium saucepan, stir together the sugar and the cornstarch until well combined. Gradually whisk in the milk and egg yolks until smooth. Place over medium heat and bring to a gentle boil, whisking constantly. Continue to whisk for another minute, or until the mixture is thick. Remove from the heat and whisk in the peanut butter.nIn a small bowl, combine 1 cup of the hot peanut butter mixture with the chopped chocolate and stir until the chocolate in melted, scrape the mixture into the baked crust. Cover with plastic wrap, pressing it directly onto the surface, and chill for 1 hour, or until set. Transfer the remaining peanut butter mixture to a medium bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and chill for 45 minutes, or until cool but not set.nIn a medium bowl, using a handheld electric mixer, beat the cream until soft peaks form. Using a rubber spatula, gently fold the cream into the cooled peanut butter mixture. Remove the plastic wrap from the pie. Scrape the mixture onto the chocolate filling and, using a small offset metal spatula, smooth into an even layer. Chill for 1 hour, or until set.nTo make the whipped cream topping, in an electric mixer, using the whisk attachment or beaters, beat the cream on mediumlow speed for 30 seconds. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and add the sugar. Beat until the cream forms soft peaks. Using a rubber spatula, pile the whipped cream evenly over the pie filling. Use the spatula to swirl the cream attractively over the pie. Sprinkle the peanuts over the cream. Chill the pie before serving., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for brushing pie plate, 1 34 cups chocolate wafer crumbs, 14 cup unsalted roasted peanuts, chopped, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 12 cups whole milk, 3 large egg yolks, 34 cup crunchy peanut butter, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 cup chopped unsalted roasted peanuts], title: Incredible Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie, picturelink: KXDVFFy9h1F5Dl6G90g03vWosIYf7q}, 2629: {instructions: For the chocolate and amaretto mousse: Heat the cream in a small pot over medium heat. Once it starts to steam, remove from the heat and whisk in the chocolate until melted. Let cool. Carefully add the cooled chocolate cream, 2 tablespoons at a time, into a bowl with the egg yolks, mixing continuously. Stir in the amaretto. Beat the egg whites and sugar in a bowl to form a meringue, and then fold into the chocolate mixture. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour. For the almond lace bowls: Combine the butter, corn syrup and sugar in a pot over medium heat until simmering. Whisk together the flour and almonds, and then stir into the butter mixture, 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate covered, 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nScoop tablespoons of batter and roll into balls. Place 3 inches apart on a parchment paperlined baking sheet only 4 balls per row, and bake until golden, 10 minutes. Let cool until they can be touched, but are still warm enough to be pliable. Place on top of a small inverted bowl to shape, and then let cool until hardened completely, 2 minutes.nTransfer the chocolate mousse to a piping bag and pipe into the almond lace bowls. Garnish with toasted almonds., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup goodquality dark chocolate, shaved, 2 large eggs, separated, 2 tablespoons amaretto liqueur, 14 cup raw sugar, pulverized, 12 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup brown sugar, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup almonds, ground, 12 cup toasted almond slivers], title: Chocolate and Amaretto Mousse in Almond Lace Bowls, picturelink: null}, 2630: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and put rolls on a baking sheet. In a small bowl stir salt and caraway seeds. In a small saucepan bring 12 cup water to a boil and in a small bowl dissolve cornstarch in remaining 2 tablespoons water. Add cornstarch mixture to boiling water and boil, stirring, until thickened. Remove mixture from heat and brush it onto tops of rolls. Sprinkle rolls with salt and seeds and bake in middle of oven until crisp, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [12 fresh kaiser rolls, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, 1 12 teaspoon cornstarch], title: Quick Kummelwecks, picturelink: null}, 2631: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large mixing bowl, mix together the ground lamb, mint, salt, pepper and egg. Using clean hands, mix until well combined. Measure 1 tablespoon of the meat mixture and roll in the palm of your hands to form a meatball. Place the formed meatballs on a parchmentlined baking sheet. You should have enough to make 16 to 18 meatballs.nIn a heavy saucepan, heat the vegetable oil on mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and tomato paste and cook, stirring, until the onions are softened and the tomato paste is cooked into the onions, about 3 minutes. Add the celery, corn and carrots. Saute until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth. Bring to a boil, and then add the lamb meatballs albondigas and the bay leaf. Score the serrano chile by finely slicing it down the middle, being careful not to fully cut it in half, and add to the pot. Lower the heat and cover. Simmer for 35 minutes.nUsing a large spoon, skim the grease off the top of the soup and discard. Season the soup with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound ground lamb, 14 cup finely chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 13 cup finely chopped white onion, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 1 ear of corn, kernels cut off the cob, 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 bay leaf, 1 whole serrano chile], title: Lamb Meatball Soup Sopa de Albondigas, picturelink: z8yZJ4x9R5Ex01t3hlACS54HC6zoeQ6}, 2632: {instructions: In a blender, combine all the ingredients. Blend for about 1 minute. Pour into a large glass and serve., ingredients: [1 banana, 1 tablespoon peanut butter, 14 cup skim milk, 1 teaspoon protein powder or other powdered vitamin supplement, optional, 1 cup ice], title: Its Elvis, Baby Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 2633: {instructions: Cover a baking sheet with plastic wrap or foil. Using a serrated knife, cut ice cream package in half lengthwise through the cardboard. Wrap one half in plastic wrap and freeze for another use. Halve the remaining piece lengthwise. Flip the ice cream, with the 2 pieces still together, so the cut side is up, and cut it crosswise into 4 equal sections u2013 youll have 8 pieces of ice cream.nPlace a crepe on the work surface and place a piece of ice cream in the center. Fold the crepe over the ice cream to enclose completely. Place the filled crepes on the prepared baking sheet. Continue with the remaining ice cream and crepes and freeze until just firm. This recipe can be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance. Wrap carefully in plastic wrap before freezing. Allow to soften slightly before proceeding.nPeel and slice the bananas on a sharp angle into 2inch pieces. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and lemon juice and cook, stirring, until smooth and just at a simmer, about 3 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and add orange liqueur. Return skillet to high heat and stir until smooth. Carefully fold in bananas. Remove the skillet from heat and add the rum. Return the skillet to the heat, and shake the pan back and forth to warm the rum and coat the bananas. If working over a gas flame the sauce may ignite continue to cook until the flames subsides.nTo serve, place 2 filled crepes on a plate crisscrossing each other and spoon banana mixture over the top. Garnish with sifted confectioners sugar and a sprig of mint, if desired.nWhisk the flour, sugar, and salt together in a bowl. Gradually whisk in the milk, water, eggs and vanilla extract, and continue whisking until smooth. The batter can be made to this point a day ahead and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before adding the butter. Stir in the butter. Set aside for at least 30 minutes to rest. The crepe batter may be made in a food processor blender: Pulse the dry ingredients, then add the wet, process until smooth, and then stir in the butter. Pour the batter into measuring cup with a spout.nHave a plate near the stove to stack the cooked crepes, or 4 plates, if you plan to serve the crepes immediately. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat until a drop of water bounces and sizzles briefly around the pan before evaporating. Pour a scant 14 cup of batter into the skillet and quickly swirl it to coat the pan evenly. Cook until the batter sets, about 1 to 1 12 minutes. The crepe will blister in the middle, and the edges will look dry and slightly crispy. Using your fingers or a spatula, carefully pick the crepe up by its edges and flip it over to cook the other side, about 15 to 30 seconds. Repeat with the rest of the batter, stacking the crepes on the plate as you go., ingredients: [1 halfgallon vanilla ice cream in square container, 8 crepes, recipe follows, 4 bananas, 8 tablespoon 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Juice of onehalf lemon, 14 cup orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 14 cup dark rum, Confectioners sugar and fresh mint sprigs, for garnish, optional, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup milk, 14 cup water, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Bananas Foster, picturelink: null}, 2634: {instructions: Toss the strawberries with the sugar substitute and vinegar in a small bowl. Set aside at room temperature until strawberries are saucy, at least 1 and up to 3 hours.nSpoon the ricotta into 2 bowls. Add the strawberries and drizzle their juices on top. Serve., ingredients: [8 strawberries about 1 pint, stemmed and quartered, 1 packet sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 1 teaspoon dark balsamic vinegar, 6 tablespoons partskim ricotta cheese], title: Balsamic Strawberries with Ricotta, picturelink: null}, 2635: {instructions: For the crusts: Sift the flour and salt into the bowl of a food processor. Add the butter and pulse while drizzling enough of the ice water through the feed tube to allow the dough to come together. Divide the pastry into 6 disks, cover, and let rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nButter 6 4 to 5inch flan pans with removable bottoms. Roll each disk of dough out 1 at a time on a lightly floured surface and place in pans. Line the base of each pastry shell with parchment paper and top with pastry weights. Blind bake for 25 minutes. Remove the weights and parchment and prick the base of the pastry to prevent bubbling. Place back in the oven for another 5 minutes to allow the base of the pie shell to dry out. Remove from oven and let cool. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nFor the filling: While the parbaked crusts are cooling, heat the coconut milk over medium heat in a small saucepan. Stir in the sugar and salt until dissolved. Make a slurry by gradually whisking 2 tablespoons water into a separate small bowl containing the starch. Then gradually whisk the slurry into the pot of coconut mixture. Reduce heat to low to let the flavors integrate and to thicken.nFill the pastry shells 34 full with even amounts of the coconut filling. Place on a foillined baking sheet to catch drips, and bake until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, about 35 to 45 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool completely.nServe at room temperature or chilled, topped with diced kiwi., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 6 tablespoons butter, slightly softened, 3 to 5 tablespoons ice water, 1 cup coconut milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons tapioca starch, 3 kiwi fruits, peeled and finely diced], title: Coconut Flan Tart with Kiwi Relish, picturelink: null}, 2636: {instructions: Cut apricots in half and remove pits. Cut peaches in eighths or quarters, depending on size. Cut pineapple in chunks. Peel tangerine and cut in quarters. Peel bananas and cut into 1inch chunks. Peel apples and cut into eighths. Put apples, peaches and bananas in bowl with lemon juice and coat thoroughly. Place a mixture of fruits on each skewer.nTo make sauce, melt butter, sugar, orange juice and orange rind in small sauce pan and stir until melted and then add Grand Marnier. Grill kebabs over medium heat, basting frequently. Combine remaining sauce with 12 cup cream and serve with hot kebabs., ingredients: [6 firm apricots, 4 slightly firm peaches, 4, 1inch pineapple slices, 4 tangerines, 4 firm bananas, 4 apples, 3 Tbs. lemon juice, 23 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup powdered sugar, 3 Tbs. Grand Marnier, 12 Tbs. orange juice, 2 Tbs. grated orange rind, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Fruit Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 2637: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBoil the potato slices in salted water until they are not quite completely cooked, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside. Grease a claypot or baking dish with the olive oil and place the fish in the dish.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the 14 cup olive oil, garlic, thyme, lemon, salt, and pepper. Add the onion, tomatoes, olives, and potatoes. Toss gently to coat.nPour the vinaigrette and vegetables over the fish. Bake in oven until fish is cooked through, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, brush the exposed lemon quarters with a little olive oil, and in a small grill pan, grill the quartered lemon sections just to give a hint of charred color. Serve the fish with grilled lemon wedges., ingredients: [3 Yukon potatoes, sliced into 14inch slices, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup olive oil, plus extra for greasing dish and brushing on lemons, 34 pound white fish fillets, such as cod, flounder or tilapia, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 3 Roma tomatoes, thickly sliced, 12 cup good quality black olives, pitted and lightly crushed and sliced in half, 1 lemon, quartered, Special Equipment: 15 12by7 12inch terracotta cazuela baking dish], title: Claypot Fish and Potatoes, picturelink: EwazBZrIrekl1NGmc2P1koQb1IiWiVa}, 2638: {}, 2639: {instructions: Combine the chocolate chips and cream in a large microwavesafe bowl and heat for 2 12 minutes. Stir until completely smooth the chocolate may appear separated at first, but just keep stirring. Pour into the prepared pie crust, loosely cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until set, about 4 hours or up to overnight.nPreheat the broiler.nUse kitchen shears to cut each marshmallow in half, on a bias, from one corner to the opposite corner. Arrange the marshmallow halves, cutside down, on top of the chilled pie. Broil until golden, watching closely and rotating the pan as needed, about 1 minute. Let the pie cool completely, then cover loosely with plastic wrap and return to the fridge until the ganache sets again, 1 to 2 hours., ingredients: [14 ounces milk chocolate chips, 34 cup heavy cream, One 9inch prepared graham cracker crust, 15 marshmallows], title: 4Ingredient Smores Pie, picturelink: qAGalhosxPIq645mGvIzEqOB5ehKKe}, 2640: {instructions: For the chocolate cake crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease the bottom only of a 9inch springform pan that has been lined with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl, cream together the butter and sugar. Add the extract and eggs, beating well after each addition. Add the flour and cocoa and mix well to combine. The batter will be stiff. Spread in the pan. Set aside.nFor the baked chocolate cheesecake: In a large bowl, cream the cream cheese and ricotta with the sugar until smooth. Add a small amount of the cheese mixture to the melted chocolate and combine well. Once the little bit of cheese mixture and chocolate is mixed well, add it back to the rest of the cheese mixture and beat until well combined. Add the eggs and flour and beat well. Smooth over the top of the cake batter in the pan. Bake until the cheesecake is set in the center, 25 to 30 minutes. Cover with foil during last 10 minutes to prevent over browning. Remove from the oven and cool.nA cheesecake is not like a regular cake. It is considered set when the center is still wobbly. After you chill the cheesecake, it will set without wobbling. At this point let the cake cool. Once it is cool, you need to chill the cake for an hour or two.nFor the vanilla cream cheese mousse: Once your chocolate and cheesecake base has been chilled, you can start making the third layer.nBeat the heavy whipping cream until stiff and set aside. In separate bowl, beat the cream cheese, sugar and vanilla with a mixer in large bowl until well blended. Fold the whipped cream into cheese mixture until just combined. Spread the mixture over the baked cheesecake layer and chill well freezing the cake at this point works well and makes spreading the final layer easier. Make sure you chill for several hours to make sure all the layers are set.nFor the dark chocolatewhite chocolate ganache: Place the chopped dark chocolate in a large bowl. Heat the cream and butter over low heat until just boiling. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the cream mixture. Pour the rest of the cream mixture over the chocolate and let set about 2 minutes, or until it begins to melt. Stir to combine. Repeat for the white chips using the reserved cream mixture. Let cool slightly until spreading consistency.nUsing a sharp knife, gently run the blade around the edge of the cake to loosen. Remove the cake sides from the pan and place the bottom with cake on a serving plate or stand. Spread the frosting over the top and sides.nDrizzle the white chocolate lightly over the top. Using a knife or toothpick, run it lightly over the top to swirl to create desired effect. At this point, I would place the white chocolate ganache in a pastry bag and use a small round tip to decorate the top of the cake instead of trying to just drizzle it on top. You have more control.nPress the mini chips regular size works too into the frosting on sides until completely coated to create a crust. Place the cake in the fridge to chill while preparing the final frosting., ingredients: [12 cup salted butter, softened, plus more for greasing, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon Mexican vanilla extract, 3 eggs, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup Dutch process baking cocoa, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 34 cup sugar, 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate, melted and cooled or packaged premelted, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 8 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons Mexican vanilla extract, 10 ounces dark chocolate, chopped or about 1 12 cups dark chocolate chips, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup white chocolate chips, 1 12 cups mini chocolate chips, for garnish], title: 4 Layer Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 2641: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Unfold the pastry sheets on a lightly floured surface. Cut each pastry sheet into 4 about 5inch squares.nStir the vegetables, chicken and hoisin sauce in a medium bowl. Spoon about 14 cup vegetable mixture on the lower third of each pastry square. Fold 2 sides over the filling and roll up like a jelly roll. Place the filled pastries seamside down onto a baking sheet. Brush the pastries with the egg and sprinkle with the sesame seeds, if desired.nBake for 20 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups thawed frozen stirfry vegetables, 1 cup diced or shredded cooked chicken, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 package 17.3 ounces Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets, thawed, 1 egg, beaten, sesame seeds], title: Baked Chinese Egg Rolls, picturelink: hfj8jZRoEF7tXClLQFG0raKY3XBc7VK}, 2642: {instructions: For the bechamel sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan. Whisk in the flour and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Slowly whisk in the milk. Simmer for 20 minutes, stirring frequently to avoid burning. Season with salt and white pepper, then strain through a chinois and hold for later use.nFor the seafood alfredo pasta: Bring a large pot of water to a boil to reheat the cooked pasta. In a saute pan or small saucepan, heat the bechamel sauce to a simmer. Add the Parmesan and stir to melt the cheese. Add the crabmeat and toss to warm.nSprinkle the shrimp with salt and pepper. Heat a large saute pan over high heat. Add the grapeseed oil and then the shrimp to the pan. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes, then flip the shrimp and finish cooking, another 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the shrimp, leaving the oil in the pan. Hold the shrimp for plating.nAdd the sliced garlic to the shrimp pan and saute until it just begins to brown around the edges. While the garlic is cooking reheat the pasta in the boiling water, about 1 minute. Strain the pasta, add it to the pan with the garlic and toss.nAdd the bechamel and crab to the pasta and toss. Add the lemon juice, Chicken stock and cream and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Add the egg yolks and toss to incorporate. Cook for 1 minute to help thicken the sauce. Add the shrimp and toss.nDivide the pasta and shrimp evenly between serving plates and garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 ounces allpurpose flour, 4 cups whole milk, Kosher Salt, White pepper, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 12 ounces lump crabmeat, 30 large shrimp 2125 count, peeled and deveined, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 3 cloves garlic, sliced, 3 pounds cooked weight cooked fettuccine, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 cup chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons chopped chives], title: Seafood Alfredo, picturelink: null}, 2643: {instructions: Combine the shallot, vinegar, 1 teaspoon thyme, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and adding the rest in a steady stream.nPut the pork chops in a shallow dish and season all over with salt. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon thyme and 3 tablespoons of the dressing. Coat the pork and set aside to marinate for 5 minutes.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the pork until cooked through but still moist, 4 to 5 minutes per side.nAdd the grapes and arugula to the remaining dressing and toss to coat. Transfer the pork chops to a serving platter or individual plates top with the salad and sprinkle with the gorgonzola.nPhotograph by Antonis Achiellos, ingredients: [1 medium shallot, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 5ounce boneless pork chops, 34 cup red seedless grapes, halved, 4 heaping cups baby arugula, 12 cup crumbled gorgonzola or other blue cheese], title: Grilled Pork with ArugulaandGrape Salad, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 2644: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nStretch dough out and form a thin round. Use a little flour or cornmeal on your hands if dough sticks. Mix the garlic, parsley, ricotta, herb cheese and lemon zest. Spread the soft cheese mixture across the pizza dough to the edges then top with an even layer of provolone. Scatter thyme over the cheese mixture. Bake until crisp and bubblybrown on top, 18 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 ball fresh pizza dough, store bought or from your favorite pizzeria, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup ricotta cheese, Handful parsley leaves, finely chopped, 1 5ounce round soft cheese with herbs, crumbled recommended: Boursin, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, eyeball it, 2 cups shredded sharp provolone cheese, Few sprigs fresh thyme, leaves chopped or 12 teaspoon dried], title: Garlic and Herb Three Cheese Pizza, picturelink: xomo0cdRAzv3cc4p6nVd65GQoe9Y2e}, 2645: {instructions: Remove side muscle from scallops and discard. Drizzle a tablespoon or two of olive oil over scallops and season with salt and pepper. To serve: Heat tablespoons of oil, preferably in a nonstick skillet, over moderately high heat. Quickly sear scallops on both sides until golden brown but still slightly translucent in the center. Be careful not to overcook  the whole process should take 23 minutes. Wipe out saute pan and heat another tablespoon of oil. Saute cabbage briefly until crisp tender 12 minutes with 23 drops of sesame oil, if desired. Divide cabbage among 6 large, shallow soup plates and mound in center. Sprinkle a heaping tablespoon or two of rice beans around cabbage and ladle an ounce or two of stock on beans. Place scallops on top of cabbage and garnish with chopped chives and drops of tangerine oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds jumbo dayboat scallops, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 5 cups very finely shredded Napa cabbage, Toasted sesame oil optional, 34 cup cooked rice beans, Shellfishchipotle stock recipe follows, Chopped fresh chives and tangerine olive oil], title: Seared Dayboat Scallops with Napa Cabbage and Chipotle Broth, picturelink: null}, 2646: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the panzanella: Combine the vinegar, 1 cup water, the salt, sugar and garlic in a large jar or other container with a tightfitting lid and shake, shake, shake to combine. Add the onions and cucumbers, shake again, and let sit for at least 1 hour. Youre making pickles here, and this step can totally be done ahead of timelike yesterdaynPut the bread in a large bowl with 12 to 1 cup water to soften. Squeeze and knead the bread with your hands, and then let it sit for 30 minutes.nSqueeze out any excess water from the bread again, put the bread back in the bowl, and crumble it through your fingers. Toss in the tomatoes, add the pickled onions and cucumbers strain these out and reserve the liquid, and stir to combine. Add the basil and some finishing oil taste it to make sure its delicious. Sprinkle in a few drops of the pickling liquid or a bit more oil if needed. Reserve.nFor the blossoms: Wiggle your finger into the blossom down to the base, where the flower meets the stem, and carefully break off and remove the stamen be gentle, you dont want to rip through the blossom while doing this. Repeat with all the blossoms.nIn a medium bowl, combine the ricotta, Parmigiano and parsley and season with salt. Taste and reseason if needed. Put the ricotta mix into a pastry bag, carefully insert the tip of the bag into the flower and fill. Then gently close your hand around the flower to secure it. Place the stuffed blossom on a baking sheet and repeat with the remaining flowers.nPour peanut oil into a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat the oil should come 1 12 to 2 inches up the sides of the pan. While the oil heats, set up your drying situation next to the stove by putting a couple layers of paper towels on a baking sheet. To see if the oil is hot enough, drop a bit of flour into it. If it sizzles, youre good to go. If the oil begins to smoke, its too hot, so reduce the heat.nCombine the flour and wine in a large bowl to make a very loose batter. Start with 34 cup of the wine and add more if needed.nWorking in batches, dip each blossom in the batter to coat it, and then gently put each blossom in the oil, being careful not to overcrowd the pan. Let the blossoms cook until they turn color but stay nice and crispy on the outside, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the blossoms from the oil with a slotted spoon or fish spatula, put them on the paper towels and immediately sprinkle with salt.nDivide the reserved panzanella among serving plates and top each with 2 crispy blossoms., ingredients: [1 14 cups red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 kirby cucumber, sliced into 18inch rounds, Six 1inch slices stale Italian bread, crusts removed, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 6 fresh basil leaves, cut into a chiffonade, 2 to 3 tablespoons big fat finishing oil, 8 zucchini blossoms, 1 12 cups ricotta cheese, 12 cup freshly grated Parmigiano, 1 bunch fresh Italian parsley, leaves finely chopped, Kosher salt, Peanut or other neutralflavored oil, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 to 1 cup dry white wine], title: RicottaStuffed Zucchini Blossoms with Panzanella, picturelink: WehpT6ddNrlYGdlU5ieGZ8oDvjydjLq}, 2647: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a saucepan halfway with vegetable oil and heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F.nPut some flour in a shallow bowl and season with salt and pepper. Put the eggs and panko in separate shallow bowls.nForm the rice into 1 12inch balls. Push some of the cheese and ham into the center of each ball and press the rice around the filling. Dredge the rice balls in the seasoned flour, shaking off the excess, then in the egg followed by the panko.nPlace a few of the balls in the hot oil and cook until golden brown all over, about 3 minutes. Repeat with the remaining rice balls. Drain slightly on paper towels and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, Allpurpose flour, for breading, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, Panko breadcrumbs, for breading, 2 cups overcooked, moist, mushy rice, cooled and dried out slightly see Cooks Note, 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 1 cup 14inchdiced smoked ham], title: Cheesy Rice Balls, picturelink: 93.Cptk0ud3zEjOlFIBOGHBQ8Q.UNa}, 2648: {instructions: Heat the olive oil. Finely chop the onion and add to the pot. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes or until tender. While this is cooking, core the tomatoes, seed them and chop them, then add to the pot and simmer for 5 minutes.nAdd the chicken broth and bring to a simmer and while this is coming to a simmer, remove the corn kernels from the ears of corn add them to the broth and simmer for 4 minutes. Remove the soup from the heat, add the lime or lemon juice and season to taste with salt and dried red pepper flakes. Garnish with cilantro or parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 small onion, peeled, 2 ripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 3 cups chicken broth, 2 ears fresh corn or 1 to 1 12 cups of kernels, 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh lime or lemon juice, 14 cup packed cilantro or parsley leaves, roughly chopped], title: Corn and Tomato Broth, picturelink: null}, 2649: {instructions: Cut away any large white ribs from 8 red cabbage leaves. Tear the leaves into 1 12inch pieces. Working in batches, arrange the cabbage pieces in a single layer on a flat microwavesafe plate coated with cooking spray. Mist the cabbage with cooking spray, then sprinkle with salt and mustard powder. Microwave until slightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer the chips to a rack to cool. If theyre still soft, return to the plate and microwave 30 more seconds.nPhotograph by Jason Varney, ingredients: [], title: Red Cabbage Chips, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 2650: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large stockpot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. Next, add the apples, squash, garlic and onions and saute until the vegetables begin to sweat and soften, about 5 minutes. Add the sage, ground nutmeg and salt and pepper to taste and continue to cook another 2 minutes. Add the stock, making sure that it covers the squash if necessary, add a little water. Bring the soup to a boil and then reduce the heat to medium low. Simmer until the squash is very tender, about 30 minutes.nUsing an immersion blender, blend the soup until smooth. Stir in the heavy cream, Parmesan and butter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 apples, peeled, cored and roughly chopped, Two 3pound butternut squash, peeled, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Hearty Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: R2X0sqWvYC1jCVvESTkTKqbAdI1r4yu}, 2651: {instructions: Use 2 large serving spoons to roll eggshaped scoops of sorbet. Serve 1 scoop of each flavor in a martini glass or decorative glass., ingredients: [3 different colored sorbets, 1 pint each, such as: lemon, raspberry, lime], title: Mixed Sorbets, picturelink: u3pYM4dxtVBq3qoO8JaZsBWbWSsPtQS}, 2652: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F 190 degrees C.nCombine flour and salt in a bowl. Rub butter into flour and salt with your fingers. Add water to make a dough and stir with a knife. Form into a ball with your hands. Roll out the pastry evenly and line a pie dish or tart pan. Leave in the refrigerator.nPeel, quarter and core the apples and cut into thin slices. Neatly arrange the apples on the pastry.nWhisk the egg and sugar together in a bowl. Add the double cream slowly. Add the cinnamon. Whisk together thoroughly so the cinnamon does not make any lumps. Pour the cream mixture over the apples. Place the apple tart in the oven and bake for 25 minutes, until golden on top.nServe with good vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [8 ounces 200 grams plain flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces 100 grams unsalted butter, 12 cup 125 milliliters water, room temperature, 4 tasty eating apples, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 cups 375 milliliters double heavy cream, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Vanilla ice cream, as accompaniment], title: Apple Tart, picturelink: null}, 2653: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 or 2 12inch starshaped cookie cutter half sheet pan or jelly roll pan 8 12by4 12inch loaf pan plastic piping bags or resealable plastic bags star tip for piping, such as a Wilton 32 tipnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a half sheet pan or jelly roll pan with cooking spray.nFor the redandblue cake: Combine the flour and baking powder in a medium bowl. Beat the sugar and butter with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Beat in the vanilla. Beat in the eggs, one at a time. Gradually add the flour mixture, mixing until fully incorporated. Stir in the milk until the batter is smooth.nDivide the batter between two medium bowls. Use food coloring to tint one bowl red and the other blue. Transfer each of the colored batters to plastic piping bags or resealable plastic bags. Snip the end of each bag, and pipe your batter into the half sheet pan or jelly roll pan in 12inchthick rows, alternating colors.nBake the sheet cake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 12 to 15 minutes. Let the cake cool to room temperature. Once cool, use a starshaped cookie cutter to cut out shapes from the striped cake.nFor the white cake: Combine the flour and baking powder in a medium bowl. Beat the sugar and butter with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Beat in the vanilla. Beat in the eggs, one at a time. Gradually add the flour mixture, mixing until fully incorporated. Stir in the milk until the batter is smooth. Transfer the batter to a piping bag or resealable plastic bag. Coat an 8 12by4 12inch loaf pan with cooking spray. Pipe a thin layer of the white batter, about 1 inch deep, into the bottom of the pan.nIn the loaf pan, stand the star cakes upright and press them into the batter, creating two rows, side by side. Pipe the remaining white batter into the pan, covering the stars.nBake the loaf for 35 to 40 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Cool the cake in the pan on a wire rack for 5 minutes, then unmold it and cool to room temperature.nFor the buttercream frosting: Beat the butter until it is light and fluffy, preferably in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment on medium speed. With the mixer on low speed, gradually add the confectioners sugar, 1 to 2 cups at a time, allowing each batch to incorporate with the butter. Use less confectioners sugar for a slightly more buttery, looser frosting use more confectioners sugar for a slightly sweeter, stiffer frosting. Increase the speed to medium, and add the salt, vanilla extract and cream. Beat until smooth, an additional 3 minutes.nUse a serrated knife to level the cake and to carve off any dark brown spots. Place the cake on a serving plate.nFrost the cake with an initial thin layer of buttercream. Place the cake in the refrigerator for at least 15 minutes to allow the frosting to harden. Note: This first layer doesnt need to look perfect, as the next layer of buttercream will cover it up.nUsing an offset spatula, and working in an upward direction around the cake, add a second layer of frosting, approximately 12 inch thick. Add the remaining buttercream to a piping bag or resealable plastic bag fitted with a star tip such as a Wilton 32 tip. Working in rows, pipe small dollops of frosting onto the top of your cake.nSprinkle with the red, white and blue sprinkles., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 34 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 12 cup milk, Cooking spray, Red food coloring, as needed, Blue food coloring, as needed, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 34 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 12 cup milk, Cooking spray, 2 cups unsalted butter 4 sticks, softened, 5 to 6 cups confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon table salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, Red, white and blue sprinkles, for decorating], title: StarInside Cake, picturelink: YrxmXe1o8MKUNqh7dGtDj0Jtu9XcbKK}, 2654: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F.n2. BEAT shortening, brown sugar, sugar, milk and vanilla in large bowl of electric mixer on medium speed until well blended. Beat in egg. Combine flour, salt and baking soda. Mix into shortening mixture at low speed just until blended. Stir in 12 cup crushed candy. Shape into 1inch balls. Place 2inches apart on ungreased baking sheet.n3. BAKE 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Immediately sprinkle each cookie with about 14 teaspoon crushed candy. Cool 2 minutes. Remove to rack to cool completely.nTIP: To have enough crushed candy for this recipe, use 9 medium candy canes or 36 peppermint hard candies., ingredients: [34 stick Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks OR 34 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup crushed peppermint candy canes or peppermint hard candies, divided], title: Peppermint Cookies, picturelink: QEpFGGmwzgBOoD44xxRhf0irV22jy7.}, 2655: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and line a baking sheet with foil. Scoop out the seeds from the zucchini, leaving a 14inchthick shell. Brush the zucchini all over with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to the baking sheet and broil until just soft, about 1 minute per side set aside.nMeanwhile, bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs drain. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and cook, stirring, until tender, about 1 minute. Add the heavy cream and chicken broth, bring to a simmer and cook until slightly thickened, 5 to 6 minutes.nAdd the havarti, 2 tablespoons parmesan, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper to the saucepan stir until the cheese melts. Remove from the heat and stir in the egg yolk, pasta, parsley and lemon zest.nCombine the breadcrumbs and the remaining 1 tablespoon parmesan in a small bowl. Fill the zucchini halves with the pasta mixture and sprinkle with the parmesan breadcrumbs. Return to the broiler until golden brown, about 1 minute.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [2 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup ditalini pasta, 1 shallot, chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 34 cup shredded dill havarti cheese, 3 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 1 large egg yolk, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon breadcrumbs], title: Lemon PastaStuffed Zucchini, picturelink: kDaeu8FQp0cQJ5migns8hE6E9hXf4X2}, 2656: {instructions: Cook the minced shallots or scallions in butter, in a small frying pan or saucepan, for a minute or 2 without browning. Then add the tomato and cook over moderately high heat for several minutes until juices have exuded and tomato pulp has thickened enough to hold its shape lightly in a spoon. Season carefully to taste. Just before serving, fold in the herbs., ingredients: [2 tablespoons minced shallots or scallions, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 12 cups, more or less, fresh tomato pulp, chopped, 4 tablespoons or more drained and seeded canned Italian plum tomatoes, if needed, Salt and pepper, Fresh herbs, such as fresh basil and parsley, or tarragon or dried herbs to taste, tarragon, oregano, thyme], title: Tomato Fondue, picturelink: null}, 2657: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the caramel peaches: Butter a 9inch cake pan, line the bottom with parchment paper and brush the paper with butter.nCombine the sugar, corn syrup, allspice if using and 1 tablespoon water in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat to high and cook without stirring until the mixture becomes an amber caramel, about 5 minutes. Pour the caramel into the prepared pan and set aside to cool.nHalve and pit the peaches, keeping their skins intact. Cut each half into 3 wedges. Arrange the wedges in concentric circles over the caramel in the pan. Sprinkle the bourbon if using over the top of peaches. Set aside.nFor the cake: Whisk together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a handheld electric mixer on low speed, about 1 minute. Increase the speed to high and continue beating until the butter is light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at time, waiting for the first to be fully incorporated before adding the second. Reduce the speed to low and add the flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with the sour cream in 2 additions, beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Increase the speed to medium and mix briefly to make a smooth batter.nPour the batter over the peaches and smooth the top. Bake the cake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool the cake in the pan on a rack, about 20 minutes.nRun a knife around the edge of the pan to release the cake. Carefully invert the cake onto a serving plate and remove the parchment paper. Serve warm or at room temperature with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream if using., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, at room temperature, for the pan, 23 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 6 whole allspice berries, optional, 3 large ripe peaches about 1 pound, 2 to 3 tablespoons bourbon, optional, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup finely ground white cornmeal, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, at room temperature, Vanilla ice cream or whipped cream, for serving, optional], title: CaramelPeach UpsideDown Cake with Bourbon, picturelink: null}, 2658: {instructions: Puree a 14ounce can of coconut milk with the grated zest of 1 lime, the juice of 2 limes, 14 cup confectioners sugar and 14 cup shredded coconut. Pour into small popsicle molds or 3ounce paper cups insert wooden popsicle sticks. Freeze several hours, or until firm.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Coconut Pops, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 2659: {instructions: Soak the mushroom in warm water for about 1 hour. Saute celery, carrot, onions, prosciutto and sage in butter over medium heat for about 4 minutes. Add cabbage and mushrooms and cook for 5 more minutes or until all the vegetables are tender. Add wine and let evaporate. Add raisins and a pinch of cinnamon. The stuffing should well cooked and with no liquid left. Clean the loin from the fat. Cut the loin in a half. With a butchers knife make an incision lengthwise in the loin, that goes from one side to the other. Do the same with the other half. Stuff the loin with the cold stuffing, making sure to fill the loin evenly from one end to the other. Season the two pieces of loin with salt and pepper if you like. Wrap them in caul fat and butchers twine. Saute the loin in butter or oil until golden brown and finish in a preheated 375 degree oven for about 20 minutes. The temperature of the meat should be 120 degrees. The stuffing should be slightly warm. Let the veal rest for 10 minutes in a warm place before serving. We serve the loin sliced with spinach, simply sauteed in butter and pine nuts., ingredients: [12 cup dried porcini mushrooms, coarsely chopped, 2 stalks celery, 14inch dice, 1 carrot, 14inch dice, 12 onion, 14inch dice, 1 cup prosciutto, 14inch dice, 2 tablespoons sage, coarsely chopped, 14 head cabbage, julienned, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup raisins, Pinch cinnamon, 1 veal loin, Caul fat], title: Stuffed Veal Loin Served with Fresh Spinach, picturelink: null}, 2660: {instructions: Line a small baking sheet or baking dish with parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a food processor, blend together the cream cheese, blue cheese, and heavy cream until smooth. Transfer to a medium bowl. Add the grapes and stir until coated with the cheese mixture.nIn another small bowl, mix together the walnuts, sugar, and parsley.nUsing a fork, transfer the grapes, one at a time, to the walnut mixture and, using clean hands, gently roll in the mixture until coated. Place the grapes on the prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours and serve.nCooks Note: To toast the walnuts, arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 6 to 8 minutes until lightly toasted. Cool completely before using., ingredients: [14 cup 2 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup 2 ounces blue cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup heavy cream, 18 to 20 seedless red grapes, chilled, 1 cup 4 ounces finely chopped walnuts, toasted see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Walnut and Blue Cheese Grapes, picturelink: xUGdy.iokKozEcjDgL0hVNIwrYfwNLy}, 2661: {instructions: Lightly sprinkle the fish with the Creole Seafood Seasoning.nIn a hot castiron skillet over medium heat, melt the butter. Sear the fish on both sides until the flesh is opaque about 3 minutes each side.nCombine the Hollandaise Sauce with chiligarlic sauce, chipotle powder and crabmeat.nServe each fillet with 14 cup sauce.nCombine all the ingredients and mix. Store in a sealed container.nMelt the butter and margarine in a 1quart saucepan over low heat. Raise the heat and bring to a rapid boil. Remove from the heat and cool, about 5 minutes. Skim the foam from the top and discard. Pour the butter into a large glass measuring cup and set aside.nMeanwhile, in a medium stainless steel mixing bowl or in the top of a double boiler, combine all the remaining ingredients. Mix together with a metal whisk until blended.nPlace the bowl over a pan of slowly simmering, but not boiling, water. The bowl must never touch the water. Vigorously whisk the egg mixture, picking up the bowl frequently to let the steam escape. Whip until the egg mixture is very light and creamy and has a sheen, 6 to 8 minutes. This amount of beating is important so that the cooked eggs will better be able to hold the butter. Remove the bowl from the pan of hot water. Gradually ladle about 14 cup of the butter mixture use the top butterfat, not the butter solids on the bottom into the egg mixture while vigorously whipping the sauce. Make sure the butter you add is well mixed into the sauce before adding more. Continue gradually adding the surface butterfat until youve added about 1 cup.nSo that you can get to the butter solids, ladle out and reserve about 12 cup surface butterfat into the sauce, whisking well. Use any remaining bottom solids in another dish. Then, gradually whisk in enough of the reserved top butterfat to produce a fairly thick sauce. The butterfat thickens the sauce, so you may not need to use it all. Serve immediately or as soon as possible, keeping the sauce in a warm place, such as on top of the stove, until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 6ounce redfish fillets, 1 teaspoon Creole Seafood Seasoning, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup Hollandaise Sauce, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon Asian chiligarlic sauce, such as sambal olek, 1 teaspoon chipotle powder, 12 pound crabmeat, 13 cup paprika, 13 cup salt, 14 cup powdered garlic, 14 cup freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons powdered onion, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 1 pound unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons margarine, 4 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons white wine, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce], title: JacquesImos Blackened Gulf Fish, picturelink: MAWZV0M3mdjhreonhL1Cga1djiQcf.W}, 2662: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nTrim ducks: with a sharp knife, cut away excess fat and skin from both ends of ducks. Render fat for another use or discard.nSalt cavity of each duck. Prick each duck all over with a fork, about 30 times. Place them on a rack set in a large roasting pan and roast 1 hour. Prick ducks all over and turn on one side. Repeat pricking ducks all over and turn onto second side. Repeat two more times. After four hours, increase heat to 350 degrees F.nContinue to roast 30 to 90 minutes more, pricking and turning once, according to taste: 1 For very juicy, slightly crisp ducks: Roast 15 minutes, prick and turn, and roast 15 minutes more. 2 For juicy, crisp ducks: Roast 30 minutes, prick and turn, and roast 30 minutes more. 3 For slightly drier, very crisp ducks: Roast 45 minutes, prick and turn, and roast 45 minutes more.nRemove ducks to a carving board and let them sit 15 minutes, loosely covered. Simply cut ducks in half and serve half a duck per person or carefully remove breast and legs from bone, making sure to keep skin intact, and cut them into 12inch wide pieces. Generously season with salt and pepper before serving., ingredients: [2 large ducks about 6 lbs each, Salt  pepper], title: Crispy Roast Duck, picturelink: null}, 2663: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350. Butter 12 muffin cups.nStir the oats into the boiling water, cover, remove form heat and let stand 20 minutes. Cool.nSift together the flour, baking soda and salt.nIn a large mixing bowl, beat the butter until creamy. Slowly add the white and brown sugars, beating until smooth and creamy. Add the vanilla and the eggs and beat until well blended.nAdd the cooled oatmeal to the butter mixture and stir well to blend. Add the flour mixture and stir. Stir in the millet.nSpoon the batter into the muffin cups, filling about 23 full. Bake for about 15 minutes, or until a straw inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean.nGently run a table knife around the edge of each muffin, lift them out and place on a rack to cool. These muffins freeze well., ingredients: [1 14 cups boiling water, 1 cup uncooked instant rolled oats, 12 cup 1 stick butter at room temperature, 1 cup white sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup millet], title: Oatmeal Millet Muffins, picturelink: null}, 2664: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a nonmetallic bowl, combine 34 cup red wine, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons pepper and 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce. Add the ribeye steak and let marinate for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nCook the bacon in a large saute pan, over medium low heat to slowly render the fat. When crisp, remove to a paper towel lined plate, reserving the fat in the pan.nRemove the beef from the marinade, pat dry and add to the pan with the bacon fat. Cook over mediumhigh heat, browning the meat on all sides. Remove the meat from the pan, to a plate. Add extra oil, if necessary, to amount to 2 to 3 tablespoons of total fat in the pan. Add the carrots, parsnips, and the frozen onions. Cook until the onions are light brown, approximately 10 minutes.nAdd the flour to the vegetable mixture to make a roux. When the roux begins to brown, add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Deglaze with the remaining red wine and stir in the beef broth. Reduce over medium heat for 10 minutes. Add the browned beef, cooked bacon, thyme, parsley and oregano. Adjust seasonings, to taste, with remaining 1 teaspoon of salt and fresh cracked pepper. Transfer to a serving dish, garnish with Parmesan and fried onions and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups red wine, 2 teaspoons salt, divided, 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 pounds ribeye steak, cut into 34inch cubes, 12 pound bacon, diced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, if needed, 34 cup carrots, diced, 34 cup parsnips, peeled and diced, 1 cup pearl onions, frozen, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 cups beef stock, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, 12 cup freshly chopped Italian parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped oregano leaves, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 cup storebought fried onions], title: Beef The Bomb Bourguignon, picturelink: uDoktpOZpVZRbFPFaEFUcPkBGkzEi}, 2665: {instructions: Sprinkle the chicken with the Jerk Rub, then saute or grill the chicken until firm but not cooked all the way, about 4 minutes per side.nRemove to strainer and let sit for 12 hour to drain off as much of the juice as you can. Add the chicken to a pot. Cover the chicken 14 of the way up with the Jerk Base and then fill the pot with Jerk BBQ Sauce to the 34 point of the chicken. Simmer until the chicken starts to fall apart, about 45 minutes.nRemove the chicken to a clean strainer to drain, reserve the liquid, put back into the pot and reduce the contents of the pot by 14. While the liquid is being reduced, use 2 forks to pull the chicken apart. After the liquid is reduced, add the chicken back to the pot. It is ready to use at this point and can be made into sandwiches or served over rice.nCombine the sugar, onion powder, 5 tablespoons salt, 3 tablespoons black pepper, garlic powder, allspice, cayenne, nutmeg, thyme, orange peel, cinnamon, sage, ginger, jalapeno powder, habanero powder and lime peel in a bowl and stir to combine.nFor the jerk BBQ sauce: Combine 12 the Jerk Base recipe with the storebought BBQ sauce and honey in a large bowl and stir to blend.nFor the jerk base: Combine the yellow onions, green onions, jalapeno pepper, white sugar, brown sugar, cayenne, allspice, thyme, pepper, sage, nutmeg, cinnamon, vinegar, orange juice, soy sauce, rum, oil and lime juice and simmer for 1 12 hours. When the onions are very tender, remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature. In batches, use a blender to puree until smooth., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs, Jerk Rub, recipe follows, Jerk Base, recipe follows, Jerk BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, Serving Suggestion: Serve on rolls for sandwiches or over cooked rice., 34 cup dark brown sugar, 6 tablespoons onion powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons garlic powder, 3 12 tablespoons ground allspice, 1 12 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 1 12 tablespoons ground nutmeg, 1 12 tablespoons ground thyme, 1 tablespoon orange peel, 2 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 12 teaspoons ground sage, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon jalapeno powder, 1 teaspoon habanero powder, 1 teaspoon lime peel, 12 Jerk Base recipe, recipe follows, 4 cups vinegarbased, storebought BBQ Sauce, 2 cups orange blossom honey any honey will work, 4 large yellow onions, roughly chopped, 2 bunches green onion, roots removed and chopped, 4 jalapeno or habanero peppers, chopped, 12 cup white sugar, 5 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 6 teaspoons ground cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons ground allspice, 2 tablespoons ground thyme, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 2 12 teaspoons ground sage, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 cups white vinegar, 2 cups freshsqueezed orange juice, 1 12 cups soy sauce, 1 cup dark rum recommended: Myers, 1 cup olive oil, 13 cup freshsqueezed lime juice], title: Jerk Chicken, picturelink: null}, 2666: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the walnuts on a sheet tray and cook until toasted, 8 to 10 minutes, and then cool to handle. Chop the walnuts and reserve.nIn a medium bowl combine the olive oil, miso, vinegar, honey and a pinch of pepper. Whisk until well blended. Taste, and adjust the seasoning with salt and more pepper if necessary.nIn a large bowl combine the greens, pears, feta and toasted walnuts. Add the dressing and toss to evenly coat. Transfer the salad to serving plates and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup shelled walnuts, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons miso paste, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons honey, Juice of 1 lemon, Freshly ground black pepper, Salt, Two 5ounce packages mixed baby greens, 2 pears, thinly sliced, 4 ounces crumbled feta], title: Farmers Market Salad, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 2667: {instructions: Pour about 2 inches of vegetable oil into a large, highsided skillet, add the garlic cloves and place over medium high heat. Heat the oil until 375 degrees F. As the oil heats it will become infused with garlic flavor once the garlic is browned, remove and reserve it. While the oil is heating up prepare the mozzarella, zucchini, basil and a breading station.nCut the ball of mozzarella in quarters lengthwise. Cut each quarter into 1 by 1inch pieces. Trim the ends off of the zucchini and then thinly slice into 14inch thick disks. For the breading station, arrange 3 large shallow bowls near the heating oil. Place the flour in 1and the bread crumbs in another. Crack and beat the eggs in the remaining bowl with a splash of water or milk.nAdd the mozzarella cubes to the flour, toss to coat, shake off excess and then transfer to the egg. Coat the mozzarella in the egg then transfer to the panko bread crumbs, coating thoroughly. Carefully drop the coated mozzarella into the hot oil and fry turning at least once until golden brown. Once brown transfer to a paper towel lined plate to drain, sprinkle with salt while still piping hot.nFor the zucchini and basil, mix them together in a bowl. Repeat the same process as you did with the mozzarella cubes. Fry until golden all over. Drain alongside the fried mozzarella.nFor the olives, simply repeat the same process.nArrange all of the fried items on a platter and serve with lemon wedges, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 5 large cloves garlic, unpeeled, 1 ball fresh mozzarella, 1 large zucchini, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 4 cups panko bread crumbs, 4 whole eggs, 15 large basil leaves, 20 large pitted green olives, 2 lemons, cut into wedges], title: Fried Mozzarella, Zucchini, Basil and Green Olives, picturelink: N7Yo7zZzz3Z6Ud8SL5pBa8r.bRpk6VC}, 2668: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine the rhubarb, strawberries, lemon zest, juice, and sugar. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring every now and then. Once the sugar has dissolved and the mixture is at a boil, turn it down to a simmer and cook until rhubarb is soft and falling apart, another 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the rosewater and stir. You can serve the compote warm or cold.nIn a small, nonstick skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the sugar, cardamom, almonds, and a pinch of salt. Cook, tossing occasionally, until the almonds are toasted and the sugar caramelizes and sticks to the almonds.nTo build a parfait, spoon 1 cup yogurt into 4 bowls, spoon about 12 cup of compote over the top, and sprinkle candied almonds to finish.nCooks Note: If youre using fresh rhubarb, peel the fibrous strings off the outside of the rhubarb using a paring knife dip the knife under the top layer of the rhubarb stalk and peel down to the end of the stalk., ingredients: [1 pound fresh or frozen rhubarb, cut into 12inch pieces see Cooks Note, 1 pound fresh or frozen strawberries, halved, 1 lemon, zested, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 tablespoons rosewater, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch ground cardamom, 13 cup sliced almonds, Kosher salt, 4 cups Greek yogurt, for serving], title: Rhubarb Rosewater Parfait, picturelink: null}, 2669: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, zest, garlic, oil, and parsley and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nPut the snow peas in boiling water for 2 minutes, and then shock them in cold water to stop them from overcooking.nIn a large bowl, put the lettuce, onions, and snow peas and toss with the vinaigrette. Top with the almonds, capers, tuna, and sliced eggs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 lemon, juiced and zested, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 14 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 head butter lettuce, washed and torn, Half reserved red onion, from Crispy Wonton Cups with Tuna Salad, thinly sliced, Reserved snow peas, from Crispy Wonton Cups with Tuna Salad, 2 tablespoons slivered almonds, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 1 5ounce can chunk light tuna, drained, Reserved 2 hard boiled eggs, from Ham and Egg Tea Sandwiches, sliced in half], title: Round 2 Recipe  Nicoise Salad with Lemon Garlic Vinaigrette, picturelink: CDZtGMREY14XjgCrp2ciPyLWvi5ZCG}, 2670: {instructions: Place a pizza stone on the bottom rack of oven and preheat to 500 degrees F. for 45 minutes to 1 hour. Dissolve the yeast in the warm water and let stand for 10 minutes. Traditional method: Put 1 12 cups of the flour, semolina sugar and salt in a large mixing bowl. Stir to combine. While stirring with a wooden spoon slowly add the yeast mixture until combined. Add the olive oil and continue stirring until the mixture forms a loose ball, adding the remaining 14 cup of flour if necessary to form a ball that is not sticky. On a lightly floured board knead the dough for 3 to 5 minutes until the dough is smooth and consistent in texture.nFood Processor method: With the metal blade inserted, put the flour, semolina, sugar and salt into the work bowl. With the motor running, pour the yeast mixture through the feed tube and process for 30 to 45 seconds or until the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl. Add the olive oil through the feed tube and continue to process for 1 minute. The dough should have formed a ball. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead briefly with flour until it is not sticky.nBoth methods continue: Form the dough into a ball and put in a bowl that has been lightly coated with olive oil. Cover the bowl with a damp towel and put it in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour. Roll the dough on a lightly floured surface into a cylinder and cut into 6 equal pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and place on a lightly floured platter. Cover with a damp towel. Using a rolling pin, roll one ball into a circle. Garnish the pizza as desired. Place directly on pizza stone and bake for approximately 4 minutes Check after 3 minutes until ready.nContinue creating individual pizzas.nLa Margherita Pizza toppings: Top the pizza with a tomato puree made up of peeled tomatoes use canned tomatoes when good quality fresh are unavailable, olive oil, oregano and a pinch of salt. Sprinkle with grated Mozzarella cheese and lightly drizzle olive oil over the pizza. Add salt and pepper for taste.nLa Napoletana Pizza toppings: Top the pizza with tomato puree and sprinkle with capers, mozzarella cheese and top with anchovies. Lightly drizzle olive oil over the pizza.nAdditional Toppings to add as you wish: Italian Ham, Peccorino Romano Cheese, Red and yellow bell peppers, olives, onions, fresh basil and mozzarella cheese., ingredients: [14ounce active dry yeast 1 package, 34 cup warm water 105 to 115 degrees, 1 34 cups unbleached flour, 12 cup semolina durum wheat, 1 teaspoon sugar., 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil], title: Tuscany Individual Pizzas, picturelink: null}, 2671: {instructions: Warm up your can of whipped cream by immersing it in a pot filled with mediumhot water for three to five minutes. Water should cover at least half of the can.nCombine Malibu, creme de cacao and Tia Maria in an OldFashioned style glass. Stir gently. Remove whipped cream can from mediumhot water and top drink mixture with whipped cream. Drizzle with hot chocolate. Serve with a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie on the side., ingredients: [112 oz. Malibu coconutflavored rum, 112 oz. white creme de cacao, 12 oz. Tia Maria, Warmed whipped cream the canned variety works, Warm chocolate syrup, Freshly baked chocolate chip cookie the refrigerated mix kind is fine], title: Arturos Positano Winter Sunset, picturelink: I7vswDdsU3gzgdJpnNpVbKtX2S.7eGm}, 2672: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium skillet over moderate heat. Cook the onion until soft, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a food processor fitted with the metal blade or a blendernAdd the remaining ingredients except the salt and puree, in batches if you are using a blender, until smooth. Pass through a medium strainer, pressing with a spatula or wooden spoon to push through as much pulp as possible. Pour into a sauce pan and add the salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, 20 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning. Store in the refrigerator 2 to 3 days or in the freezer for weeks., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 4 cups diced canned Italian plum tomatoes, 1 cup tomato juice, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 large jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded if desired], title: Red Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 2673: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the rum in a heatproof bowl and sprinkle the gelatin over it. Set aside for 10 minutes for the gelatin to soften.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the pumpkin, granulated sugar, brown sugar, egg yolks, orange zest, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt. Set the bowl of gelatin over a pan of simmering water and cook until the gelatin is clear. Immediately whisk the hot gelatin mixture into the pumpkin mixture. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whip the heavy cream and vanilla until soft peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the pumpkin mixture.nTo assemble, spoon some of the pumpkin mixture into parfait glasses, add a layer of whipped cream, then some chopped cookies. Repeat, ending with a third layer of pumpkin. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight. To serve, decorate with whipped cream and slivered crystallized ginger., ingredients: [14 cup dark rum, 1 packet 2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin powder, 1 15ounce can pumpkin not pie filling, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 2 extralarge egg yolks, 2 teaspoons grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Sweetened whipped cream, 8 to 10 chopped ginger cookies, Crystallized ginger, for decoration, optional], title: Pumpkin Mousse Parfaits, picturelink: FVLSmI5KqBxNtLefTGJUEI927mRtOU2}, 2674: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a medium pot of water to a boil. Blanch the cabbage leaves for 15 seconds, and then rinse under cold water. Thinly shred the leaves and set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots, celery and onions and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 3 more minutes season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a small bowl and reserve.nIn the same saucepan, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until no pink remains. Add the cooked onion mixture, oregano and thyme, and stir to combine. Add the beef broth and bring to a simmer. Add the flour and brown sugar and cook until the pork is completely cooked through and the sauce has reduced and thickened slightly, 10 to 15 minutes. Season the filling with salt and pepper.nLay one sheet of phyllo on a work surface. Using a pastry brush, spread melted butter evenly over the sheet. Top with another phyllo sheet and brush melted butter over the surface repeat with 2 more layers of phyllo. Cut the phyllo stack into 12 even squares. Repeat this process with the remaining 4 phyllo sheets so there are a total of 24 cut squares.nDivide the shredded cabbage among the 24 phyllo squares, mounding it in the center of each square. Top the cabbage with about 1 tablespoon of the pork mixture, dividing it evenly among the squares. Brush the outer edges of each square with a little butter. Working one square at a time, bring the corners of the phyllo up and over the filling, twisting gently to create a purse. Transfer to a baking sheet and brush the outsides with a little melted butter.nBake until the dough is crisp and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Serve immediately while still warm., ingredients: [6 cabbage leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 large carrot, very finely diced, 12 celery stalk, very finely diced, 14 white onion, very finely diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces ground pork, 12 teaspoon fresh oregano leaves, minced, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, minced, 13 cup beef broth, 1 12 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons lightly packed light brown sugar, 8 frozen phyllo pastry sheets 13by17inch, thawed, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted], title: Cabbage Roll Phyllo Pockets, picturelink: null}, 2675: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook until al dente, about 6 minutes. Drain well. Divide among 4 serving bowls.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon oil over mediumhigh heat in a large saucepan. Add the mushrooms, snow peas, onion, ginger and garlic cook, stirring frequently, until golden, about 2 minutes divide among the bowls.nReturn the same saucepan to the heat and stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the curry paste, curry powder and turmeric and cook for 30 seconds. Stir in the chicken broth, bring to a boil and cook for 3 minutes. Stir in the coconut milk, fish sauce and sugar. Return to a boil and cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the chicken and cook until heated through. Season with salt. Ladle the soup over the vegetables and noodles. Serve with lime wedges, jalapenos, cilantro and basil., ingredients: [One 3.5ounce package shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and caps thinly sliced, 1 cup snow peas, halved crosswise, 12 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon peeled and finely chopped fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons Thai yellow curry paste, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 4 cups chicken broth, One 13.5ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce, 2 tablespoons coconut sugar, 2 cups shredded cooked chicken, Lime wedges, for serving, Sliced red jalapenos, for serving, Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving, Fresh basil leaves, for serving, Salt, 12 ounces dried rice or ramen noodles, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Spicy CurryCoconut Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: UQWSBstQx8oMvE98hfsUhRghx0yV5e}, 2676: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the bacon in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake in the oven until crispy, about 15 minutes.nIn a large bowl, combine the beef with the red onions, cilantro and seasoning salt. Mix until just combined. Divide the mixture to form 4 patties. Sprinkle each patty with salt and pepper.nHeat a grill or grill pan over high heat and grill the burgers to mediumwell, about 5 minutes on each side. Top the burgers with 1 slice each of Cheddar and pepper Jack. Transfer the burgers to buns and top each with 2 slices of bacon, 3 pickles, a lettuce leaf and a tomato slice. Serve with mustard, mayo and ketchup., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, 1 pound ground beef, 14 cup chopped red onion, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 12 teaspoon seasoning salt, such as Lowrys, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices Cheddar, 4 slices pepper Jack cheese, 4 hamburger buns, 12 pickle slices, 4 leaves Bibb lettuce, 4 slices tomato, Mustard, mayonnaise and ketchup, for serving], title: Hines Classic Burger, picturelink: yj5jUHN4sGnXjfKFYTxyBOUZSc12QIO}, 2677: {instructions: Slice each avocado in half lengthwise, pop out seed and slip off the skin. Smash the avocado in a bowl and add onion, chiles, cilantro, lime juice, tomatoes, and garlic and mix well. Season with salt and pepper, cover, and let sit in refrigerator for a couple of hours to allow flavors to combine., ingredients: [2 ripe avocados, 12 cup red onion, diced, 1 to 2 serrano chiles, stems and seeds removed and chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 ripe tomatoes, seeds removed and diced, 2 cloves garlic, roughly diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Guacamole, picturelink: Sgq65yqXWx79bNLmSqFY9uJWUrEUWF2}, 2678: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch baking pan with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on at least 2 sides. Butter the foil.nWhisk together the flour, cocoa powder and salt in a medium bowl. Melt the butter and chocolate in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring frequently. Let cool slightly. Stir in the sugar and eggs. Add the flour mixture, and stir to combine. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, and bake until a toothpick comes out with just a few crumbs, 30 to 35 minutes.nLet the brownies cool completely in the pan on a cooling rack. Use the foil overhang to help lift them out of the pan. Cut into 16 squares. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing the foil, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 4 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, slightly beaten], title: Classic Brownies, picturelink: WQ2gmO8mwxk9IxrKnogsHIS69E8OyNq}, 2679: {instructions: Sweet island fruit is the perfect match for zesty jerk spices, and the grill caramelizes their natural sugars. You can leave the skin on u2013 just slice plantains in half lengthwise and cut mangoes, pineapple or papaya into wedges or thick pieces. Brush with oil, then place fleshside down on the hot grates and cook until marked and tender, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Serve alongside the hens or top with ice cream and caramel sauce for dessert.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Grilled Tropical Fruit, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 2680: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat some olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. Sear the lamb shanks until golden brown on each side, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from the skillet and set aside. Stir together the beans, stock, tea, salt, pepper, garlic and tomatoes in a casserole dish. Lay the lamb shanks on top and sink them down into the beans until twothirds submerged.nBraise, uncovered, until the lamb is falling off the bone, 4 hours. Serve familystyle with some corn pone or crusty bread, ingredients: [Olive oil, 2 large lamb foreshanks, 4 cups pinto beans, canned or partially cooked, 4 cups white beans, canned or partially cooked, 4 cups chicken stock, 12 cup tea, such as Big Earls Hillbilly Tea, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 4 Roma tomatoes, diced], title: Hillbilly Tea Braised Lamb with Succotash, picturelink: null}, 2681: {instructions: Smash green peppercorns on a cutting board with the side of a knife. Add to small bowl and mix with the coarse black pepper. Smear peppercorns on both sides of all 6 steaks. In a large saute pan over high heat, add oil. Sear steaks for 4 minutes on each side, until well caramelized and peppercorns begin to crust. Remove from pan.nAdd shallots to pan to caramelize while scraping the bottom. Add the flour and cook for 3 minutes while stirring until pasty, making a roux. Remove pan from flame. Add the brandy. Add the beef stock and heavy cream. Stir. Allow to simmer and cook until sauce thickens.nDrizzle steaks with sauce and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [12 cup green peppercorns in brine, smashed, 2 tablespoons coarse black pepper, 4 tablespoons olive oil, for frying, 6 16ounce centercut NY strips, 14 cup fine diced shallots, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups brandy, 2 cup strong beef stock, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley leaves], title: NY Strip au Poivre, picturelink: null}, 2682: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large pot and cover by 2 inches with cold water. Add 1 tablespoon of kosher salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until a knife inserted into the center meets some resistance, 15 minutes. Drain and let cool slightly.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons of the butter, the onions, sugar and some salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are soft and caramelized. Remove to a platter.nSlice the potatoes in half lengthwise, then crosswise into 12inchthick halfmoonshaped slices. Sprinkle both sides of the potato slices with salt and pepper.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in the same saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes in a single layer, then add 2 tablespoons of butter and cook on both sides being careful not to break the slices until lightly golden brown and crisp around the edges, about 7 minutes. Stir in the onions, remaining 2 tablespoons butter and the white wine vinegar. Finish with the parsley and thyme.nServe hot, garnished with thyme sprigs., ingredients: [4 large Yukon gold potatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large yellow onions, halved and thinly sliced, Pinch of sugar, 4 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed, plus more for garnish], title: Potatoes Lyonnais, picturelink: XBLY1oHNShHm4YbtlCQEYeEylQWiYa}, 2683: {instructions: Citrus Mojo:nCombine all of the mojo ingredients in a large bowl and whisk well.nScore the skin with a sharp knife and rub the pig inside and out with 34 of the mojo marinade. Reserve the remaining mojo to pour over the meat after it has been carved.nCook the whole pig in the Caja China according to manufacturers instructions.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nScore the skin of the pork shoulder. Put it into a large bowl or baking dish and pour in 34 of the marinade, making sure to coat the entire piece of pork. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 2 hours.nPut the pork shoulder, skin side up, in a roasting pan fitted with a rack, Cover with foil and roast in the oven for 3 hours. After 3 hours remove the foil, turn the heat up to 425 degrees F and roast until the skin is brown and crispy, about 30 to 45 minutes. Make sure to check every 5 or 10 minutes to make sure the skin does not burn. Remove from oven to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes before carving. Carve the meat and arrange it on a serving platter. Pour the reserved marinade over the carved meat just before serving., ingredients: [2 Meyer lemons, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, 2 blood oranges, juiced, 6 large garlic cloves, chopped, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 34 cup annatto oil reserved from Arroz Con Pollo Bites recipe, 1 15 to 20pound suckling pig, Special Equipment: 1 Caja China roasting box, 1 9 to 10pound picnic pork shoulder, 1 batch citrus mojo marinade less 1 tablespoon salt], title: Roasted Pork with Citrus Mojo Marinade, picturelink: null}, 2684: {instructions: Place sliced beets in large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together vinegar, mustard, and caraway seeds. Slowly add oil in a stream and continue whisking. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the beets leaving 3 tablespoons of dressing in the small bowl. Add the radishes and scallions to the remaining dressing in the small bowl and toss to coat. Place the lettuce on a platter and top with beets. Sprinkle beets with radishes and scallions. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 12 pounds beets, boiled, peeled and thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 13 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 6 radishes, trimmed and thinly sliced, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, Green leaf lettuce, 3 tablespoons finely chopped parsley], title: Beet Salad, picturelink: t4OwsE.lMCuZahN7KGjHVUjAUXylM6K}, 2685: {instructions: Remove the stems and seeds from your choice of dried chiles. Pour boiling water over the chiles to cover and soak 30 minutes. Drain the chiles and puree them thoroughly in a food mill or food processor fitted with a metal blade. If you use a food mill, the result will be a smooth paste. If you use a food processor, you may want to press the paste through a sieve to produce a totally smooth paste. The paste can be stored, covered and refrigerated 10 days to 2 weeks if covered with oil, it will keep in the refrigerator several months., ingredients: [Any combination of: 6 ounces dried Ancho, Chipotle, Cascabel, or other chiles], title: Chili Paste Puree, picturelink: null}, 2686: {instructions: Make the dumplings: Cook the oatmeal as the label directs, then let cool. Combine the oatmeal, flour and 12 teaspoon salt in a bowl and make a well in the center. Add the egg and olive oil to the well and mix with a fork. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead into a smooth ball. Cover with a towel and let rest 30 minutes. Meanwhile, mix the beef, onion, 1 tablespoon salt, and pepper to taste in a bowl and set aside.nPrepare the toppings: Whisk the yogurt, garlic, cup water, and salt to taste in a bowl. Heat the olive oil in a small skilletover medium heat. Add the pepper flakes and paprika and cook 1 minute. Set the yogurt sauce and spiced oil aside. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Divide the dough into 4 pieces. On a floured surface, roll each piece into a 20by4inch rectangle, then cut into 2inch squares. Place 1 teaspoon beef filling in the center of each square, fold over into a triangle and press the edges to seal. Boil the dumplings in batches, stirring occasionally, until they float, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to bowls. Top with the yogurt sauce and spiced oil. Photograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [2 1ounce packets plain instant oatmealabout 23 cup, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Kosher salt, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces ground beef, 1 small white onion, grated and squeezed dry, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups plain Greek yogurt, 1 clove garlic, grated, Kosher salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon paprika], title: Turkish Dumplings, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 2687: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place a nonstick cookie sheet in oven with a tin foil liner.nHeat 12inch oil in a large nonstick skillet or frying pan over medium to medium high heat.nSeason chicken tenders with salt and pepper. Wash hands. Place flour in a shallow dish. Beat eggs with water in a second dish along side the flour. In a third dish, combine the breading ingredients. Coat chicken in flour, then egg, then bread and cheese mixture. To keep your hands clean, ask for plastic gloves at the butcher counter. To ease your clean up, try using disposable tin pie tins for the flour, egg and bread crumbs.nCook chicken until deeply golden on each side, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to cookie sheet in preheated oven and finish off for another 5 minutes cooking time. Cook chicken 5 or 6 tenders at a time in a single layer, adding additional oil if necessary. If the chicken begins to brown too quickly lower heat slightly. Serve chicken hot or cold with green salad or, complete as a Parmigiano.n2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oiln1 small white onion, finely choppedn3 cloves garlic, mincedn1 14 ounce can chunky style crushed tomatoesn1 28 ounce can crushed tomatoesn1 cup chicken broth or stocknA handful fresh basil leaves, torn into small piecesnCoarse saltn1 12 cups shredded provolonen12 cup grated ParmigianoReggianon1 pound spaghetti, cooked to al dentenSet water on to boil for pasta and prepare according to package directions for al dente. Before coating chicken, add oil, onions and garlic to a saucepan to cook medium low heat. Stir occasionally for 10 minutes while you are working on the chicken. Add both cans of tomatoes and a cup of chicken broth and bring sauce to a bubble. Reduce heat to a simmer until ready to serve. Stir in torn basil and season sauce with salt, to your taste.nPlace a little of the sauce on the chicken tenders, top with the shredded provolone and Parmigiano. Place in oven or broiler to melt the cheese and then serve. Coat the hot, cooked pasta lightly with sauce then serve.nEnjoy, ingredients: [Olive oil, for frying, 1 12 pounds chicken breast tenders, Salt and pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, beaten with 14 cup water, 2 cups Italian style bread crumbs, 1 cup shredded Parmesan, 6 sprigs or stems fresh thyme leaves, stripped and chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons, 6 sprigs fresh rosemary leaves, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons, 2 handfuls chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Chicken Parmigiano, recipe follows], title: Parmigiano and Herb Chicken Breast Tenders, picturelink: null}, 2688: {instructions: Dipping Sauce:nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl, mixing well. With the back of the mixing spoon, mash the blue cheese into the sour cream until almost all of the lumps are gone. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour before serving.nChicken:nSoak the chicken in the hot sauce in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes. Put the flour in a pie tin and season with salt and Cajun seasoning. Remove chicken from hot sauce, shake off excess, and dredge chicken in the flour. Set on a baking rack.nHeat the butter and oil in a large skillet over medium heat. When the butter has stopped bubbling, add the chicken tenders and cook until golden and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and drain on paper towels. Serve warm with blue cheese dipping sauce and celery pieces., ingredients: [12 chicken tenders, about 12 ounces, 12 cup Louisiana hot sauce, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Blue Cheese Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 4 ribs celery, cut into 3inch lengths, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 12 cup light sour cream, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Buffalo Chicken and Blue Cheese Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2689: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the topping: Combine the ingredients in a medium bowl and work together with a fork or with your fingertips until the ingredients are moistened.nFor the filling: Combine the pears slices, lemon juice, and ginger in a large bowl. Add the sugar and flour and toss to blend.nSpray an 8 by 8inch baking dish with cooking spray. Transfer the pear mixture to the dish. Sprinkle the topping over the pears. Bake crumble until the pears are tender and the topping is golden brown, about 40 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes before serving. Serve warm or at room temperature, with a scoop of ice cream, if desired., ingredients: [14 cup oat flour or whole wheat flour, 23 cup oldfashioned oats, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup canola oil, 3 pounds firm but ripe pears, peeled, cored and cut into 14inch slices, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups reducedfat vanilla ice cream or frozen vanilla yogurt, optional], title: Pear Ginger Crumble, picturelink: iFI.84D8jTHvTwKHWQz49isx22tIWyu}, 2690: {instructions: In a medium pot over mediumhigh heat, add olive oil and crushed garlic. When the garlic flavors infuse oil, add the crushed peppers being careful not to burn them. Add the whole can of tomatoes into the pot, then using a wooden spatula cut the tomatoes into chunks. Add salt and ground black pepper, to taste. Remember, bread chunks will be added to this so make it a bit saltier then you would like it to be. Add water and stir. With your hands, pull the bread into bitesized chunks, then add them to the pot. Toss do not stir bread chunks in to the soup. Add basil leaves, lightly toss, serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons cold pressed extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 teaspoon crushed dried hot peppers, One 12ounce can peeled whole tomatoes, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup water, 13 loaf day old French or Italian bread drier the better, 20 fresh basil leaves, torn], title: Tuscan Bread Soup: Pappa Al Pomodoro, picturelink: null}, 2691: {instructions: Halve honeydew melon and scoop out the seeds. Using a melon baller, scoop out flesh. Repeat with papaya and cantaloupe. Cut watermelon into large cubes. Combine all fruit in a bowl with juice of the lemon. Transfer to honeydew rind for serving., ingredients: [1 honeydew melon, 1 papaya, 1 cantaloupe, 3 slices seedless watermelon, 12 lemon], title: Fruit Salad Served in Honeydew Melon Shell, picturelink: null}, 2692: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, mix the mayonnaise, panko, seafood seasoning, ground ginger, pepper and egg until thoroughly mixed. Finally, add the crab and blend, being careful not to break up the lumps. Let the crab cake mixture refrigerate and bind for 30 minutes to 1 hour. Next, portion the crab into 2 ounce cakes and lightly dust with flour. Saute over medium heat in a saute pan with grapeseed oil until golden brown on the first side. Then flip and repeat on the second side. Repeat the process until all the cakes have been cooked. Finish with the lemon juice. Keep refrigerated and covered., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 teaspoon ground ginger powder, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 egg, 1 pound lump crab, picked, Flour, for dusting, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 ounce at a time, Juice of one lemon], title: Crab Cakes, picturelink: jP1afjhTNDux4SqSVoG00ZbDnc54g2K}, 2693: {instructions: Roughly chop the tomatoes and pass through a food mill into a 4quart stainless steel mixing bowl. Stir in the balsamic vinegar and the garlic, and then whisk in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste, and set aside.nAdd the crab, mayonnaise, chives and lemon juice to a large mixing bowl and mixing gently, combine well. Season with salt and pepper to taste, and blend in 1 tablespoon olive oil until just combined. Form the crab mixture into 4 round patties, approximately 1 12 inches high by 1 14 inches wide. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil to a 10 inch nonstick saute pan, and place over mediumhigh heat. Meanwhile, coat the top and bottom of each crabcake with bread crumbs, transfer to the hot pan, and saute until golden brown. Turn and repeat until crabcake is browned on both sides note: crabcakes are very delicate, so please be gentle when handling them. To serve, stack the basil leaves and slice thinly. Halve the avocado, remove the pit, and using a spoon, invert the half and insert the spoon between the flesh and the skin gently. Jimmy the spoon gently, working deeper and deeper until the flesh is free from the skin. Dice avocado into medium cubes. Ladle the soup into 4 chilled serving bowls and add one quarter of the avocado to each. Place 1 crabcake in the center of the bowl and sprinkle with chiffonade of basil. Garnish each crabcake with a basil top, and serve., ingredients: [8 vineripened tomatoes about 8 ounces each for a total of 4 pounds, 3 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon chopped garlic, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 ounces peekytoe crab or other top quality crabmeat such as jumbo lump from Maryland, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup bread crumbs may also use panko, the dry Japanese bread crumbs, 8 basil leaves, plus 4 basil tops for garnish, 1 ripe avocado], title: Chilled Tomato Soup and Crabcakes, picturelink: null}, 2694: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a rack in the upper third of the oven and heat to 400 degrees F.nWhisk the egg and water in a small bowl and set aside. Place the apple rings into the bowl of a mini food processor and process for 30 to 45 seconds or until they are the size of a medium dice. Set aside.nTrim the pork tenderloin of any excess fat and silver skin. Slice the tenderloin down the middle lengthwise, creating 2 separate pieces. Lay the tenderloin pieces next to each other head to tail, so when laid back together they are the same size at the ends.nLay out a 12 by 16inch piece of parchment paper on the counter and arrange the pieces of prosciutto in the center, overlapping them enough to create solid layer that is as long as the tenderloin. Top with a second piece of parchment, and using a rolling pin, roll over the prosciutto to help adhere the pieces to each other. Remove the parchment paper and sprinkle the prosciutto with the salt, pepper, and thyme. Set the tenderloin down the middle of the prosciutto. Spread the dried apples in between the 2 pieces of tenderloin and push back together so the apples are held between them. Using the parchment paper to assist, wrap the prosciutto around the tenderloin to completely enclose in a package.nSprinkle the counter with flour and roll out the pastry to 12 by 14 inches. Spread the mustard thinly in the center of pastry and lay the prosciutto wrapped tenderloin in the center of the pastry on the mustard. Fold the puff pastry up and over the top of the tenderloin, then roll to completely enclose, brushing the edges of the pastry with the egg wash in order to seal. Turn the tenderloin over so the side of the tenderloin with the double thickness of pastry is underneath. Pinch the ends of the pastry to seal.nBrush the entire pastry with the egg wash. Place the tenderloin on a parchment lined half sheet pan and bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until the pork reaches an internal temperature of at least 140 degrees F.nRemove the tenderloin from the oven, transfer to a cooling rack and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [1 whole egg, 1 tablespoon water, 1ounce dried apple rings, 1 whole pork tenderloin, approximately 1 pound, 4 12 ounces thinly slice prosciutto ham, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 1 sheet puff pastry, thawed completely, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard], title: Pork Wellington, picturelink: qk3WTGr3R5SBwwBppXY.j4eGX.M5AS}, 2695: {instructions: Put up 6 quarts of water to boil in a large pot.nOpen the chowder clams, making sure to catch all the clam juice. Mince the clams and reserve them. Measure the juice it should come to about 2 cups. If it doesnt, make up the difference with bottled clam juice. Then add 12 cup water, making 2 12 cups liquid in all.nPour the olive oil into a wide heavy pot over medium heat. Add the minced garlic and saute for 4 to 5 minutes or until the garlic just starts to turn gold. Add a little clam juice to loosen the garlic then add the rest of the 2 12 cups. Raise heat.nSalt the boiling water lightly and add the capellini, stirring well. Cook until just al dente, about 7 to 8 minutes.nSimmer the clam juice in its pot for two minutes. Raise heat and add the Manilla clams. Cover. Within two minutes or so, their shells should swing open remove the Manilla clams from the pot and place them in a bowl. Turn heat to low under clam juice in pot and add the reserved, raw, minced clams. Cook very gently for 12 minute.nThe pasta should be done at this point. Spill the pasta into a colander and place the cooking pot over a low flame. Return the pasta to the cooking pot. Add 23 of the clam juice, plus the liquid that has collected in the bowl of Manilla clams. Add 3 tablespoons of the minced parsley. Stir to blend, about one minute. Divide pasta among 5 to 6 individual pasta bowls and top with the remaining clam juice, the remaining parsley, and the Manilla clams. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 very large chowder clams, each about 8 to 10 ounces, 1 little bottled clam juice if necessary, 12 tablespoon olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 12 pounds small Manilla clams, washed, 14 cup very finely chopped parsley, 1 pound thin, dried pasta, such as capellini], title: Pasta with White Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 2696: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly oil a baking sheet large enough to hold the snapper.nRinse the snapper thoroughly, inside and out, and pat dry with paper towels. Stuff the cavity with the rosemary, thyme, coriander seeds, and bay leaves.nOn the baking sheet, spread about 12 pound of the salt in an even layer that is slightly longer and wider than the snapper. Place the fish on the salt layer and cover completely with the remaining salt.nBake until a instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the fish reads 130, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven. Brush away as much salt as possible. Using two dessert spoons, remove the top fillets and transfer to a warm plate. Lift off the bones, then transfer the bottom fillets to another plate. Serve immediately, with the extravirgin olive oil and lemon wedges passed on the side so each diner can season their fish as desired., ingredients: [Olive oil, for brushing baking sheet, 1 2pound whole red snapper, cleaned and scaled, 1 3inch sprig fresh rosemary, 1 3inch sprig fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 12 pounds Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil and lemon wedges, for serving], title: Whole Roast Fish Baked in Salt, picturelink: null}, 2697: {instructions: Prepare the cake mix according to manufacturers directions. Pour the batter into a greased 9 by 12inch cake pan and bake according to package instructions. Remove the cake from the oven and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nWith an electric mixer in a large bowl, beat the butter on medium speed for 5 minutes, then add the sugar, chocolate and vanilla extract. Continue to mix for 2 to 3 minutes, stopping during the mixing to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Remove the cake from the oven and apply the chocolate mixture to the top of the cake with a spatula. It should be 12 to 34inch thick. Return the cake to the refrigerator and allow the topping to set. Remove the cake from the pan with spatula and cut into 3 by 1inch fingers with a sharp knife. Arrange on a serving tray and dust with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 box chocolate cake or brownie mix, 1 pound butter, room temperature 4 sticks, 1 cup powdered sugar, plus more for dusting, 12 cup chocolate sauce or ganache, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Fingers, picturelink: null}, 2698: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375degrees.nCombine bread crumbs with 14 cup Parmesan cheese in medium bowl. Dip eggplant in egg mixture, then bread crumb mixture, coating well. Arrange eggplant in single layer on lightly greased baking sheets. Bake 30 minutes or until golden.nEvenly spread 1 cup Sauce in 13 x 9inch baking dish. Layer 13 of the baked eggplant, then 112 cups Sauce, 13 of the mozzarella cheese and 13 of the remaining Parmesan cheese repeat. Top with remaining eggplant and Sauce.nCover with aluminum foil and bake 45 minutes. Remove foil and top with remaining cheeses. Bake uncovered an additional 10 minutes or until cheese is melted.nCost per recipe: 13.80nCost per serving: 1.73nBased on average retail prices at national supermarkets., ingredients: [134 cups Italian seasoned dry bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 large eggplant about 2 lbs., peeled and cut into 14inch slices, 4 large eggs, beaten with 3 Tbsp. water, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced, 2 jars Bertolliu00ae Tomato  Basil Sauce], title: Bertolli Baked Eggplant Parmigiana, picturelink: lR.GylcmlLN.XKIk5LfDz4QGZ36A9Su}, 2699: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment or a silicon baking mat.nLay the boiled potatoes on a baking sheet and place into the oven until slightly dried on the surface, 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove the potatoes from the oven and process through a ricer or food mill. Allow to cool in a bowl for about 5 minutes.nAdd the egg yolks, butter, a couple generous pinches of salt, a generous pinch of pepper, a pinch of nutmeg and 34 cup cream. Stir with a rubber spatula to combine. Taste and make sure the potatoes have been adequately salted.nTransfer to a large pastry bag and pipe through a large star tip in a circularupward spiral motion onto the prepared baking sheet.nMake an egg wash by mixing the whole egg with the remaining 12 cup cream. Lightly brush the piped potatoes with the egg wash. This is a little easier if you chill the piped potatoes for half an hour or so.nBake until golden brown around the edges. Serve on a pretty platter, ingredients: [5 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and diced, and boiled until forktender, 8 egg yolks, 1 stick butter, softened, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nutmeg, 1 14 cup heavy cream, 1 whole egg], title: Duchess Potatoes, picturelink: I59Reg9pwgi9KnW0iT7TFmolpACjk7G}}