{26700: {instructions: In a medium skillet over medium heat melt 3 tablespoons of butter. Cook the onions and jalapenos until soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in the zucchini blossoms, salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring frequently, until the flowers are wilted, about 5 minutes more. Set aside. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl, combine 3 cheeses. Lay the tortillas out on a counter. Divide the cheese mixture into 6 portions and sprinkle one portion over half of each tortilla.nDivide the zucchini mixture into 6 portions and arrange evenly over the cheese. Fold over each tortilla to enclose the filling. Melt the two remaining tablespoons of butter. Place the dry griddle or cast iron skillet over medium high heat. Brush one side of a quesadilla with melted butter and place buttered side down in the pan. Cook until very light golden , about 1 minute. Brush the uncoated side with butter and flip over. Cook until the other side is golden, and transfer to a baking sheet. When all the quesadillas are browned, transfer the baking sheet to the oven and bake ten minutes, until the cheese begins to ooze. Serve hot, whole or cut into wedges., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup finely diced red onion, 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely diced 1 pound zucchini or other squash blossoms, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 12 cups grated Manchego or Monterey Jack cheese, 1 cup grated Panela cheese, 1 12 cups Anejo, Parmesan or Romano cheese, 6 flour Tortillas, or large Corn Tortillas], title: Zucchini Blossom Quesadilla, picturelink: null}, 26701: {instructions: Cut fillets into 12inch strips and season with salt and pepper. Place flour, eggs and bread crumbs in separate shallow bowls. Stir the parsley into the bread crumbs and season with salt and pepper. Dredge strips of scrod in flour shaking off excess. Dip scrod in egg mixture and then roll to coat in the bread crumbs. Set coated fish on waxed paperlined sheet pan.nIn a large skillet heat 12inch oil until very hot but not smoking. Carefully add onethird of the coated fish strips to the hot oil and cook, turning once, until golden brown on both sides. Transfer browned fish strips to paper towels to drain. Repeat process.nIn a small bowl combine mayonnaise, mustard, lemon juice, capers, pickles, parsley, salt and cayenne.nServe fish sticks warm with remoulade sauce and lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 12 pounds scrod fillets, Salt and pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, lightly beaten with 3 tablespoons of water, 2 cups fresh bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons minced parsley, Vegetable oil for frying, 1 cup prepared mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 to 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped capers, 1 tablespoon chopped dill pickles, 2 tablespoons minced parsley, Salt, Cayenne, to taste, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Homemade Fish Sticks with Remoulade Sauce Goujonettes with Remoulade Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26702: {instructions: To make the trifle, place the egg yolks, sugar, orange and lemon juice, and zests into a bowl over a double boiler with simmering water. Whisk all until the yolks are thick and pale yellow. While still on the stove, place the Camembert into the yolk mixture and stir until it is melted.nPlace the yolk mixture into a blender or food processor and blend until mixture is smooth.nIn a separate bowl whip the heavy cream until it reaches soft peaks. Place the yolk mixture into a bowl and gently fold in the whipped heavy cream.nTo prepare the figs, place all of the spices into a spice bag or cheesecloth tied with twine. Place the spice bag in a saucepot. Quarter the figs and place them into the pot with the port, honey, and orange juice. Slowly bring the figs to a simmer and cook for about 10 minutes until the figs are cooked but still have some shape. Strain the figs and place the liquid back into the pot and reduce it by half. Once reduced, pour the liquid over the figs and let cool.nTo assemble the trifle, place a small amount of fig jam in the bottom of a martini glass and then a small amount of the Camembert cream. Add a layer of cake, fig jam, and then cream. Continue until you finish with the cream on the top of the glass. Garnish with a fig., ingredients: [8 egg yolks, 34 cups sugar, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 12 pounds Camembert, rind removed, 3 cups heavy cream, 2 cinnamon sticks, 5 star anise, 2 cloves, 12 Black Mission figs, 2 cups ruby Port, 1 cup honey, 1 cup orange juice, 1 white sponge cake, thin layer], title: Camembert Trifle with Black Mission Figs, picturelink: null}, 26703: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometernFor the stuffed mushrooms: Mix the imitation crab meat, cream cheese, sriracha sauce and three quarters of the diced green onions in a large bowl. Make sure the mixture is well combined to avoid pockets of cream cheese or sriracha sauce. Stuff the mushroom caps with the crab mixture making sure the mixture is packed together tightly. Do not be afraid to overstuff the mushrooms.nFill a medium saucepan or wok 3 inches deep with oil and heat to 325 degrees F. Divide the tempura batter mix between 2 bowls. In one bowl, add cold water according to the manufacturers instructions the mixture should coat the back of a wooden spoon.nIn batches, dredge the stuffed mushrooms in the dry tempura batter mix, and then coat in the wet tempura batter. Shake off any excess batter and then carefully place the mushrooms into the hot oil, taking care not to burn yourself or splatter any oil. Fry until crisp, 5 to 8 minutes, and transfer to a plate layered with paper towels. Cooking time can vary wildly depending on the size of the mushrooms, the thickness of the batter and the number of mushrooms placed into the pan at the same time. If in doubt, take out a sacrificial stuffed mushroom and cut it in half. If the center of the crab mixture is still cold to the touch, then the rest of the mushrooms should cook for a while longer. A warm center indicates that the mushrooms are ready.nFor the mushroom sauce: Whisk together the soy sauce, oyster sauce and onion powder in a bowl. Add the corn syrup and mix until thoroughly combined.nFor serving: Cut the cooked stuffed mushrooms in half, drizzle some of the mushroom sauce on top and sprinkle with the black and white sesame seeds and remaining diced green onions. Serve with the remaining mushroom sauce on the side for dipping., ingredients: [10 ounces imitation crab meat, shredded, 6 ounces cream cheese, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sriracha sauce, such as Huy Fong, 2 stalks green onion, diced, 20 medium to large white mushrooms, stems removed, Vegetable oil, for frying, One 10ounce box tempura batter mix, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 12 teaspoons onion powder, 1 cup corn syrup, 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds, toasted, 2 tablespoons white sesame seeds, toasted], title: Mushroom Poppers, picturelink: null}, 26704: {instructions: Pre heat BBQ grill to HIGH.nMix salt and garlic together in a small bowl.nFully wet your hands with very COLD water.nPress spice mixture into the entire surface of the meat.nSear roast on lightly oiled grill for 4 minutes each side to lock in juices.nRemove roast and place on a platter.nCover the surface of the roast with the chopped garlic cloves.nReturn roast to BBQ and place on the TOPUPPER grill with a roasting pan underneath on the lower grill to catch drippings.nInsert a meat thermometer into the center of the roast and allow to cook until it reaches an internal temperature of 130u00b0F for rare or 140u00b0F for medium rare.nMove the roast directly to a cutting board, loosely tent with foil for 10 minutes to let juices settle. The internal temperature will increase another 10 degrees during this time.nCarve with grain and serve.nNote: If you wish, deglaze the dripping pan on the stovetop with a good splash of red wine. Add 1u00bd cups of beef broth and thicken with a roux to achieve gravy consistency., ingredients: [One 3 lb. Bison Prime Rib Roast Fresh or fully thawed, 6 fresh garlic cloves roughly chopped for roasting, u00bd cup rock or very coarse sea salt, 3 tbsp. finely minced fresh garlic for spice rub], title: Ultimate BBQ Bison Prime Rib Roast, picturelink: EaDp.g3YGUesyAzepsNXnJVkeK2mrxq}, 26705: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Coat baking sheet with nostick cooking spray.n2. COMBINE Homemade Cookie Mix, orange marmalade, egg and vanilla in medium bowl using an electric mixer on low speed until a sticky dough forms. Stir in 1 cup flaked coconut. Shape scant teaspoonfuls of dough into a ball. Roll in remaining coconut. Place 2inches apart on prepared baking sheet.n3. BAKE 8 to 10 minutes or until light brown around edges. Cool completely on cooling rack., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 2 34 cups Homemade Cookie Mix, 14 cup Smuckersu00ae Sweet Orange Low Sugar Marmalade, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 14 cups flaked coconut, divided], title: Orange Coconut Cookies, picturelink: QEpFGGmwzgBOoD44xxRhf0irV22jy7.}, 26706: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl large enough to hold all of the chicken, whisk together the soy sauce, Marsala, Worcestershire sauce, Dijon mustard, hot sauce, and canola oil. Remove the skin from the breast and thigh pieces and submerge the chicken in the marinade. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the bread crumbs and butter. Mix to blend. Season with salt. Remove the chicken pieces from the marinade, allowing any excess liquid to drip off the chicken pieces, and roll them in the breadcrumbs. Take care to bread all sides of each piece. Arrange them in a single layer on a baking sheet and place in the center of the oven. Bake until the pieces are cooked through internal temperature of 155 to 160 F and the chicken and bread crumbs are golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup Marsala wine, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 14 cup canola oil, 1 whole chicken, cut into 10 pieces the 2 breasts split into 2 even pieces 2 wings 2 drumsticks and 2 thighs, 1 cup toasted bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Kosher salt, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Breaded Chicken Marsala, picturelink: nqS6IKnGNSMVhgTibYfmBoQm69sQka}, 26707: {instructions: Juice, in this order, the tomatoes and parsley together, celery, kale and lemon, following your juicers specific settings for each. Stir in the chia seeds if using and let soak for 5 minutes. Serve the juice immediately over ice, if desired., ingredients: [3 medium plum tomatoes, 1 cup loosely packed flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 medium stalks celery, 3 medium kale leaves with stems, 12 large juicy lemon, peel and pith removed, 1 tablespoon chia seeds, optional], title: Savory KaleTomato Juice, picturelink: CilQdpsQJplBtcSkduptZFGnmRjxiK}, 26708: {instructions: Preheat the broiler or a grill. In a food processor or blender, process the cilantro or parsley, olive oil, lime juice, onion and cumin until smooth. With a sharp knife, make many shallow slashes across both surfaces of the pork. Pour half the cilantro mixture over the pork, spreading it evenly over the meat and working it into the slashes. Flip the pork over and repeat the procedure on the other side. If you have time, let the pork marinate to pick up flavors. Otherwise, place it on a broiler pan and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Broil 3 inches from the heat source for 10 minutes. Flip the meat over and broil until cooked through, about 10 minutes more. Remove pork from the oven and let it rest for 15 minutes. Thinly slice the pork across the grain and serve with pan juices delicious warm or at room temperature great in salads too., ingredients: [1 cup fresh cilantro or Italian parsley leaves, 14 cup olive oil, Juice of 3 limes or 13 cup lime juice, 1 small onion finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 12 pounds boneless pork loin, trimmed of all fat and butterflied, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Marinated CuminScented Butterflied Pork, picturelink: null}, 26709: {instructions: In large mixing bowl, soak bread crumbs in milk for 5 minutes. Add meat, eggs, salt, pepper, cardamom and chopped onions. Mix well and roll into 1 to 1 12inch meatballs. Saute meatballs in 14 cup butter approximately 20 minutes. In a separate skillet, saute sliced onions with 14 cup butter, sugar, and pepper until caramelized, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove mixture from both pans and place on separate plates. Deglaze both saute pans with the remaining 12 cup butter and beef broth, scraping up the browned bits. Cook over high heat for 1 minute. Place the contents of both saute pans into one large pot and add cream, onions, gravy maker seasoning and spices and bring to a simmer. Make a slurry with cornstarch and water. Whisk the slurry into the mixture to thicken. Add meatballs and simmer approximately 20 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups bread crumbs, 12 cup milk, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 3 eggs, Salt, Pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cardamom, 1 cup yellow onion, chopped, plus 6 cups yellow onions, sliced, 1 cup salted butter, divided, 12 cup sugar, Salt and pepper, 3 cups beef broth, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons gravy maker seasoning, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon allspice, 14 teaspoon cloves, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 3 to 4 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 cup water], title: Swedish Cardamom Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 26710: {instructions: With chilled beaters whip the heavy cream until thick. Fold the whipped cream into the lemon curd. Either blend the lemon mousse into blueberries. Or, layer mousse, fresh blueberries, and mousse in a wine glass garnish with fresh mint., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup prepared lemon curd, Fresh blueberries, rinsed and dried, Fresh mint sprigs for garnish], title: Lemon Curd Mousse, picturelink: null}, 26711: {instructions: Slice the back of each prawn with a knife to expose the pulp and set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the garlic and a sprinkle of red pepper flakes until fragrant, about 1 minute.nAdd the parsley and prawns. Cook the prawns on both sides until the color turn from dark grey uncooked to a vivid pink cooked. Then add the white wine and stir well until the sharp smell of the wine is cooked off, about 1 minute you dont want it dry.nRemove the prawns and sauce to a casserole dish and reserve. Remove the shells from 2 prawns and chop into bitesize pieces. Add the chopped prawns and the tomatoes to the skillet and simmer over mediumhigh heat, about 15 minutesnBring a pot of salted water to a boil and cook your pasta according to the directions on the box, and, as always, to make sure you achieve a proper al dente texture, drain it about 2 minutes before what is indicated.nMove the pasta to the skillet and stir into the sauce for less than a minute on mediumhigh heat. Then move the pasta into a serving platter and organize the reserved prawns on top of it. Serve dressed with some fresh basil, a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and one final sprinkle of red pepper flakes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh Santa Barbara spot prawns, deveined, shells on, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, Crushed red pepper flakes, 1 handful fresh parsley, finely chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, One 28ounce can whole peeled pelati tomatoes, blended, 1 pound linguine best choice would be an old traditional bronzedrawn pasta, 1 handful fresh basil leaves, torn, Extravirgin olive oil, for serving], title: Linguine with Santa Barbara Spot Prawns, picturelink: null}, 26712: {instructions: Mix cornmeal, flour, salt, red pepper, garlic powder and black pepper in a shallow bowl. Dredge catfish fillets in flour mixture, shaking off excess.nFill a deep fryer, or large deep skillet half full with oil and heat to 375 degrees. Fry fish 3 to 4 minutes on each side or until golden brown. Drain on paper towels., ingredients: [1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground red pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 8 farm raised catfish fillets, Vegetable oil, for deep frying], title: Fried Catfish, picturelink: null}, 26713: {instructions: nShake all ingredients with ice in a cocktail shaker., ingredients: [1 14 ounces kahlua, 1 14 ounces dark creme de cocoa, 12ounce vanilla vodka], title: Chocolatini, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 26714: {instructions: You can make your chocolate frame any size you would like, however, if you were planning to use it around a chocolate canvas, your frame should be the appropriate size. Whatever the case, your first step is to make the frame template. If you want your frame to be square, you will only need one piece of wood, if you would like it to be rectangular, you will need two. Choose a piece of wood that is the length and texture you would like for your frame. Using a mitre box, cut the one or two frame template pieces exactly to size. Both ends should be cut on an angle, and the back should have 2 nails sticking out of it.nUsing a whisk, lighten the flour by incorporating a little air. Spread a 2inch thick layer of flour on top of a large sheet pan or directly on the work surface, if the frame you are making requires more space. The amount of flour required will depend on the size of the chocolate frame. Press each piece of the frame template into the flour, immersing it completely and using even pressure, then carefully and delicately lift it out. Place the bittersweet chocolate in a piping bag with no tip. Placing the tip of the piping bag as close as possible to the flourrelief, carefully fill the space with chocolate and allow it to set for about 30 minutes. When the chocolate has set, lift it from the flour. If you would like an antique look, leave the flour on the chocolate piece, otherwise, clean it off using a strong bristled pastry brush or nailbrush.nPlease note: It is better to place the melted chocolate in a piping bag and pipe it into the flour. If you pour the chocolate from a spouted container, the weight of the chocolate as it falls can damage the delicate flour mold.nIf you are using a chocolate canvas, place it on the work surface in front of you. Position the chocolate frame pieces on top of the canvas along the edges. Trim to fit if necessary. Lift one frame piece and, using a cornet filled with chocolate, draw a line directly onto the canvas in its place. Reposition the chocolate frame piece so it is glued to the canvas. Repeat with the other three frame pieces.nTo finish, you can use a pastry brush dipped in vegetable oil to apply a thin coat to the chocolate frame. This will give it a slight shine.nSpecial Equipment: Wooden frame template.nHow to Temper ChocolateFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres:nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes., ingredients: [32 ounces flour for molding, as needed, 32 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, Vegetable oil], title: Chocolate Frame, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 26715: {instructions: Place pineapple juice in a medium saucepan over high heat and reduce to 3 cups. Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the ancho and chile de arbol powder and cook for 2 minutes. Add the reduced pineapple juice, bring to a boil, and cook until reduced to 2 cups. Place mixture in a blender and blend until smooth. Strain into a clean medium saucepan over medium heat, add the honey and cook for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nMix together the spices in a medium bowl. Brush the tuna on each side with olive oil and season with salt. Dredge 1 side of each tuna in the spice mixture. Heat a cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat until almost smoking. Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil and sear the tuna spiceside down for 2 to 3 minutes, until a crust forms. Turn over and continue cooking for 1 to 2 minutes for rare doneness.nMix together the salt, ancho powder and cumin in a small bowl. Heat vegetable oil to 325 degrees F in a fryer. Fry the potatoes in batches until lightly browned. Drain on paper towels. Increase the temperature of the oil to 375 degrees, put the potatoes, in batches, back into the oil and fry until brown and crisp. Remove the fries from the oil with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels and immediately season with the spice mixture., ingredients: [6 cups fresh pineapple juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 2 teaspoons chile de arbol, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup coarsely cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon cascabel chile powder, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder, 4 6ounce tuna fillets, Olive oil, Salt, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 cups vegetable oil, 4 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and sliced lengthwise into julienne], title: Seared Red and Black Pepper Crusted Tuna with PineappleRed Chile Sauce and Seasoned French Fries, picturelink: null}, 26716: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the orange juice, tequila, lemonade and liqueur in a pitcher and stir to combine. To serve, shake individual portions with ice in a cocktail shaker and pour over ice in a saltrimmed glass. Serve with sliced oranges and limes on the side.nFor frozen cocktails, blend ingredients with crushed ice., ingredients: [1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 cup gold or silver tequila, 12 cup lemonade, such as Newmans Own Old Fashioned Roadside Virgin Lemonade, 12 cup orange liqueur, Ice, for serving, Kosher salt, for glasses, Sliced oranges and limes, for serving], title: Fresh Margaritas, picturelink: ec.qIOvlqPse5VAlCU9zbijzGJB0Vy}, 26717: {instructions: For the rice cakes: In a bowl, combine the rice, breadcrumbs, egg, and season with salt and pepper. Mix together until well until incorporated. Take 14 cup of the rice mixture and form into 12inch thick patty. Set aside while you form the other 3 patties.nIn a nonstick skillet over medium heat, add the oil. When it is hot, fry the rice cakes in batches until they are golden brown and crispy, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Drain on a brown paper bag.nFor the creamy cilantro sauce: In the bowl of a food processor, add the cilantro, vinegar, garlic, and sour cream and process to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.nServe the rice cakes with a dollop of the Creamy Cilantro Sauce., ingredients: [2 cups rice mixture, chilled, reserved from Cuban Chicken and Rice, 1 cup breadcrumbs, 1 egg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, for frying, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons sour cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Round 2 Recipe  Rice Cakes with Creamy Cilantro Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26718: {instructions: Special equipment: two 8inch cake pansnFor the penuche frosting: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat and add the brown sugar. Bring to a boil, then reduce to mediumlow heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Stir until the brown sugar is dissolved. Make sure to not scrape the sides of the pan. Add the halfandhalf and bring to a boil for another 2 minutes. Remove from the heat to cool, 10 to 15 minutes.nGradually add the confectioners sugar to the butter mixture and beat with an electric mixer on medium until thick, smooth and creamy. Makes 3 to 4 cups.nFor the chocolate fudge frosting: Over a double boiler or in the microwave, melt the butter. Add the chocolate chips and stir until smooth. Add the vanilla and instant coffee, if using, and stir until smooth. Makes about 3 cups.nFor the chocolate beet cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 8inch cake pans with vegetable oil.nIn a bowl, stir together the flour, baking soda and salt. In a separate large bowl, combine the eggs, granulated sugar and 12 cup vegetable oil and beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until light pale yellow and fluffy.nMelt the chocolate and remaining 14 cup vegetable oil in a double boiler or a heatproof bowl set over not it a pot of simmering water.nAdd the chocolate mixture to the egg mixture, and then add the beets and vanilla and mix. Slowly add the dry ingredients just until everything is incorporated. Put the batter in the prepared cake pans and bake until a tester comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes in the pans, then turn out onto cooling racks to cool completely.nFrost the cake between the layers with the penuche frosting and the outside of the cake with the chocolate fudge frosting., ingredients: [12 cup 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 14 cup halfandhalf, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 23 cup melted unsalted butter, 2 cups milk chocolate or semisweet chocolate chips, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon instant coffee granules, optional, 34 cup vegetable oil, plus more for greasing the pans, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large eggs, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate baking bar or chips, 2 cups pureed cooked beets can be canned, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Beet Cake, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 26719: {instructions: In a saucepan over medium heat, bring 2 cups of water and the soy sauce to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and add the chicken thighs. Simmer until cooked through, about 15 minutes. Remove the chicken from pan to a cutting board. When cool enough to handle, shred meat and discard the bones. Reserve 14 cup for Round 2 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls recipe.nIn a small bowl combine the peanut butter, lime juice, sugar, garlic and red pepper flakes. Whisk in about 13 cup water and simmer until thick, and a pourable consistency is reached. Reserve 14 cup of the dressing for Round 2 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls recipe.nWarm the tortillas in microwave wrapped in a slightly damp towel for about 45 seconds to make them more pliable. Assemble the wraps by layering, the chicken, dressing and vegetables. Top with more dressing before rolling up. Secure with toothpicks and slice in half. Reserve 1 cup of vegetables for Round 2 Thai Chicken Spring Rolls recipe., ingredients: [2 cup water, plus 13 cup, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 pounds, about 5, bonein chicken thighs, 12 cup peanut butter, chunky style, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 large flour tortillas, 2 carrots, grated, 1 small cucumber, julienned, 2 cups shredded cabbage, reserve 4 outer leaves for Round 2 Pork Cabbage Wraps recipe, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Thai Chicken Wraps, picturelink: null}, 26720: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the nuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven for 8 to 10 minutes. Cool and break the nuts up into small pieces.nWhisk the yogurt, mayonnaise, parsley, honey, and lemon zest in a large bowl and season generously with pepper.nHalve, core, and cut the apples into 34inch pieces, leaving the skin intact. Add the apples, celery and raisins to the bowl, and sprinkle with the lemon juice then toss with the dressing. Cover and refrigerate if not serving immediately.nWhen ready to serve, toss walnuts into the salad. Arrange the lettuce leaves on a large platter, or divide them among 4 salad plates. Place the salad on the lettuce and serve., ingredients: [12 cup walnuts halves, 12 cup nonfat yogurt, 2 tablespoons light mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 lemon, zest finely grated, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 large crisp apples, such as Gala, 2 ribs celery with leaves, sliced into 12inchthick pieces leaves chopped, 14 cup golden raisins, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 head Boston lettuce, trimmed, washed, and dried], title: Waldorf Salad, picturelink: XJvFShhF5zH3ZN.H0k8xPagYOgcPW}, 26721: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a Dutch oven or heavybottomed pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, bell pepper, celery, garlic, and salt to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is translucent, about 7 minutes. Add the rice, ham, beans and 2 cups water and stir to combine.nReduce the heat to medium low, cover and cook until the rice is tender and almost all of the liquid is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Adjust the heat as necessary to maintain a gentle simmer this will prevent the rice from sticking. Remove from the heat and let stand 5 minutes before serving. Season with salt. Serve with hot sauce, if desired.nPer serving: Calories 724 Fat 18 g Saturated 5 g Cholesterol 101 mg Sodium 363 mg Carbohydrate 94 g Fiber 10 g Protein 46 gnCombine the tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce, red pepper flakes and paprika in a 5to6quart slow cooker. Add the ham, beans, bay leaf and thyme. Pour in 4 cups water cover and cook on low, undisturbed, 8 hours.nPour the tomatoes into a bowl and crush them with your hands. Add the tomatoes and their juices, the scallions and garlic to the slow cooker. Cover and cook 30 more minutes.nRemove the ham from the slow cooker and transfer to a cutting board to cool slightly before slicing. Set aside about onethird of the ham and 3 cups of the stewed bean mixture for another use. Serve the remaining ham with the bean mixture.nPer serving: Calories 750 Fat 22 g Saturated 8 g Cholesterol 201 mg Sodium 640 mg Carbohydrate 59 g Fiber 17 g Protein 77 g, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 medium green bell pepper, diced, 3 stalks celery, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups converted parboiled rice, 1 12 to 2 cups diced or shredded ham reserved from SlowCooked Ham and Beans, recipe follows, 3 cups stewed beans reserved from SlowCooked Ham and Beans, Hot sauce, for serving optional, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon hot paprika, One 4 to 5pound bonein picnic ham, 1 pound dried butter beans or lima beans, 1 bay leaf, 4 sprigs thyme, One 28ounce can whole fireroasted tomatoes, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced], title: Ham Jambalaya, picturelink: 8ZSWoXE1j7h6aXhbbQFRGCCg7brGmm}, 26722: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dumplings: Trim and discard the stems from the mushrooms and finely chop the caps. In a large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, working in batches to avoid overcrowding the pan. Cook until golden brown, 5 to 8 minutes. Add salt to taste. Transfer to a large bowl to cool.nTo the same pan, add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the kale and cook, stirring, until wilted and most of the liquid has evaporated, 6 to 8 minutes. Add salt to taste. Transfer to the bowl with the mushrooms.nFinely crumble the tofu into the bowl with the mushrooms and kale. Add the cilantro, scallions, soy sauce and sesame oil and mix well. Add salt to taste.nCover a baking sheet with plastic wrap and dust with cornstarch. Wet the edge of a dumpling wrapper with water. Place about 2 teaspoons of the tofumushroom filling in the center and fold to form a halfmoon shape. Press the edges to seal well. Place the sealed dumpling on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining filling and wrappers.nPlace a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Working in batches, add the dumplings in a single layer. Add about 14 cup water and cover. Cook until the water has evaporated, the bottoms of the dumplings are golden and the wrappers are fully cooked and somewhat translucent, about 5 minutes.nFor the dipping sauce: In a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, vinegar and sugar until the sugar is dissolved. Add the ginger and sesame oil and stir to combine.nServe the dumplings with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 pound shiitake mushrooms, 12 cup vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 8 ounces kale leaves, shredded, 8 ounces firm tofu, drained, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 13 cup finely chopped scallions, 3 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, Cornstarch, for dusting, One 14ounce package dumpling wrappers, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons black vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon julienned or grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Vegetable Dumplings with Dale Talde, picturelink: 0JOEd4mRvS.npNm3tfve9js4sL0zia}, 26723: {instructions: Soak the beans: Put the beans in a large pot and cover them with water by 2 inches. Bring to a boil and cook the beans for 2 minutes. Remove from heat, cover, and let sit for 1 hour. Or cover the beans with cold water and let them soak overnight.nStart the soup: In a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat, add 3 tablespoons olive oil. When the oil is hot add the pancetta, onion, celery, carrots, and parsnips and cook until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons thyme, 2 tablespoons rosemary, the sage, and bay leaves. Drain the beans and add them to the pot along with the tomatoes and 14 cup olive oil. Pour in the chicken stock and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours, adding water if you need more liquid. The soup should be thick: to thicken the soup, break up some of the beans with the back of a spoon. Remove the bay leaves and discard before serving.nToast the bread crumbs: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Mix the bread crumbs, remaining thyme and rosemary, and cheese on a baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle over about 14 cup olive oil combine well. Bake until the crumbs are golden brown and crisp, 20 to 25 minutes.nTo serve, ladle the soup into small glasses, cups or mugs. Drizzle on a little olive oil, top with the crispy crumbs, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound borlotti beans, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus 12 cup divided, plus more for garnish, 12 pound pancetta, finely chopped, 2 medium onion, finely chopped, 4 stalks celery, finely chopped, 4 carrots, finely chopped, 4 parsnips, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 6 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 2 bay leaves, 2 28ounce cans whole, peeled tomatoes, drained and hand crushed, 6 quarts chicken stock, 3 cups fresh white bread crumbs, 1 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Minestrone with Crisp Parmesan Crumbs, picturelink: null}, 26724: {instructions: Heat foodsafe stones of your choice in a 475 degree F oven a minimum of 2 hours. Prepare the 3 different marinades separately. Add fish to appropriate marinades and let rest in a cool place for a minimum of 1 hour. Remove stones carefully from oven and place on a salted tray. Cook fish separately on each stone for 1 to 2 minutes each side. Remove fish from rocks and place on desired garnishes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped tarragon leaves, 1 shallot minced, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Pinch salt, 4 salmon fillets, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced roasted garlic, 12 teaspoon minced lime zest, 1 teaspoon minced chives, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Pinch salt, 4 scallops, medium size, 12 teaspoon minced lemon zest, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon ground star anise, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Pinch salt, 4 halibut fillets], title: Snoqualmie River Hot Rocks Pacific Coast Seafood and Marinades, picturelink: CynxeWpiTImkKJtTTVo79tmInCNOG.}, 26725: {instructions: Heat deepfryer to 375 degrees F or as recommended by manufacturer for similar foods. Deep fry wonton skins until golden brown and drain on paper towels.nCombine cucumber, tomatoes, and mayonnaise in a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSpoon a small amount on each fried wonton triangle and top with 14 teaspoon tobiko caviar. Finish with a parsley sprig., ingredients: [3 to 4 liters canola, as needed for deepfrying, 12 3inch square wonton skins cut in 12 on the diagonal with a pizza cutter into 24 triangles, 1 English cucumber, peeled and cut brunoise julienne then cut crosswise into 116thinch cubes, 2 vine ripened tomatoes, seeds removed and cut brunoise julienne then cut crosswise into 116thinch cubes, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tobiko green and orange caviar, 24 very small parsley sprigs], title: Wonton Crisp with Cucumber Tobiko Caviar, picturelink: null}, 26726: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMix the cheeses with the mayonnaise, 14 stick of the softened butter and the green onions. Add the salt and pepper to taste and set aside or keep in the fridge until you need it.nMelt the remaining 1 stick butter in a skillet over mediumlow heat and add the garlic. Cook for a couple of minutes to release the garlic flavor.nCut the loaf of bread in half. Brush the garlic butter over each half, making sure its evenly distributed. Spread the cheese mixture on the loaves and bake until the cheese is hot and bubbly, about 10 minutes.nOnce out of the oven, sprinkle over the chopped parsley. Slice and serve., ingredients: [3 12 cups grated Cheddar, 34 cup grated Pepper Jack, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup real mayonnaise, 1 14 sticks softened butter, 4 whole green onions white and light green parts, minced, 1 dash salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 loaf crusty French bread, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Garlic Cheese Bread, picturelink: ymstErW2CnDnEAG05rOoXT8XXWwd96K}, 26727: {instructions: Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add onions and toss to coat with butter. Cover and slowly cook onions, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until a golden Color is reached. Turn heat up to medium high and begin to brown the onions, stirring constantly about 10 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, Pinch of Sugar, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, Salt and Pepper], title: Caramelized Onions, picturelink: null}, 26728: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdjust the oven racks to accommodate a large covered roasting pan. Fit the pan with a shallow rack. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUnwrap the ham and rinse it in cold water. Place it on the rack in the roasting pan. Cover the pan with the lid and bake for half the estimated cooking time Total cooking time is about 20 minutes per pound. Halfway through the estimated cooking time, add the sugar and honey to a saucepan, cooking over medium heat until smooth and sugar is dissolved. Pour the mixture over the ham and continue baking the ham, basting occasionally with the drippings in the roaster.nCheck for doneness at the end of the estimated cooking time by inserting a meat thermometer at a meaty point not into fat or touching the bone. It should register 160 degrees F.nAllow the ham to stand for 15 minutes before slicing to allow the juices to set., ingredients: [18 to 20pound smoked ham, water added, ham hock removed, One 16ounce box light brown sugar, 1 cup 8ounce jar clover honey], title: Baked Ham with Brown Sugar Honey Glaze, picturelink: 69B2z1svVlhIdXf6ZruRsHWV8YgbO}, 26729: {instructions: To a large saute pan, with a lid, over mediumhigh heat, add the water and shrimp and cover until cooked, about 5 to 10 minutes. Remove the shrimp with tongs to a medium bowl and let cool. Add the seafood seasoning and toss well to coat the shrimp.nIn a small mixing bowl, add the lemon juice, mayonnaise, ketchup and seafood seasoning. Whisk until incorporated. Divide the cocktail sauce evenly among 6 ramekins.nPut each ramekin in a slightly larger bowl and divide the shrimp evenly to the inside of the bowls before serving., ingredients: [1 cup water, 2 pounds large tiger prawns, uncooked, shelled with tails on, deveined, 12 teaspoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 12 teaspoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay], title: Chesapeake BayStyle Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 26730: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Preheat the grillnIn a bowl, combine the coriander, cumin, ginger, mustard, cinnamon, salt, and pepper to make a blend. Sprinkle the blend on 1 side of the tenders. On a flat surface, create 2 sections u00bf one for black sesame seeds, the other for the white sesame seeds. Coat half of one half of the unseasoned side of the tender with the black seeds, and the other half with the white seeds. Rub the grill or grill pan with oil so as not to stick. Grill the chicken on the seasoned side u00bf NOT the seeded side. Finish in the oven for 8 minutes.nPlace 2 chicken strips in a line, end to end, in the center of the plate. Place 2 more chicken strips on either side of the line, in the center, to form a large cross on the plate. Place the tortellini in between the chicken, alternating teriyaki and alfredo. Serve.nIn a medium sized pot, over medium heat combine the teriyaki sauce and the sugar. Reduce it by 12, then add the butter and mount the sauce to create a sheen. Toss the cooked pasta with 2 tablespoons of the sauce, or until desired coating is achieved.nIn a medium sized pot, over mediumhigh heat combine the cream and the garlic. Reduce this mixture by half and add the cheese. Turn heat to low and let the cheese melt, but DO NOT LET THIS SEPARATE. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper to taste. Toss with pasta and serve., ingredients: [1 pound chicken tenders, cleaned, 2 tablespoons black sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons white sesame seeds, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon powdered mustard, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Teriyaki glaze, recipe follows, Alfredo sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup teriyaki sauce, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup cheese tortellini, cooked, 1 cup tortellini, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped, 14 cup grated parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Sesame Chicken Served with Tortellini Alfredo and Tortellini Teriyaki, picturelink: null}, 26731: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spray a 12cup muffin tin with cooking spray and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, stir to combine the chicken with the cheese, 1 teaspoon of the granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon of the onion powder, the chili powder, 12 teaspoon of the cumin, the paprika and the diced tomatoes. Set aside.nIn another medium bowl, stir to combine the refried beans with the bacon fat if using. Add in the remaining 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon onion powder and 1 pinch cumin. Set aside.nDivide the dough into 12 equal pieces and roll or pat the dough into 6inch circles, about 14inch thick. Fit a piece of dough into a cup in the muffin tin and press it into the bottom and sides. There should be about a 1inch overhang around the edge of each well. Repeat for the remaining pieces of dough.nIn a small bowl, beat the egg with 1 tablespoon water.nPlace 1 tablespoon of refried beans in the center of each dough cup and top with about 1 tablespoon of the chicken mixture. Fold the dough up around filling and pinch to close. Brush the tops with the egg wash. Bake until the crust is puffed, golden and crisp, 30 minutes.nTransfer to a wire rack to cool for 10 minutes, then serve.nIn a large bowl, combine the water, sugar and yeast. Set the mixture aside until it starts to become foamy, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in the flour, oil and salt and mix until a dough forms. Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and knead for about 5 minutes. Place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl, cover and set aside to proof in a warm, draftfree place for 30 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 12 cups shredded or roughly chopped cooked chicken, 34 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 1 12 teaspoons granulated garlic, 1 12 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon plus 1 pinch ground cumin, 12 teaspoon paprika, 1 medium tomato, finely diced, 1 cup refried pinto beans, mashed, 1 tablespoon bacon fat, optional, 1 egg, 1 12 pounds storebought or homemade Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 1 14 cups warm water 110 to 115 degrees F, 2 teaspoons sugar, One 14ounce package rapid rise yeast, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 12 teaspoons salt], title: Chicken Taco Pacos, picturelink: j7xTJEovR33xUF7g6mT8.r60NvotYS}, 26732: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPrick holes in the potatoes with a fork and place directly on the oven rack. Roast until cooked through, about 45 minutes, depending on the size of the potato.nWhile the potatoes are cooking prepare the crab: Add 2 tablespoons of butter to a frying pan. Add the shallots and cook until translucent. Next add the minced garlic and saute in the frying pan to gently brown the shallots and garlic. Add the thyme and crab and cook until heated through. Then set aside.nLower the oven to 350 degrees F.nOnce the potatoes are cooked and cool enough to handle cut, off a small portion of the top making an opening in the potato.nTake a spoon and scoop the pulp into a bowl. Place the potato skins on a cookie sheet and put in a 350 degree F oven for about 5 minutes to dry them out and ensure they will be crispy when done.nTo the potato pulp, add the shallotcrab mixture, remaining butter, cheese and sour cream and mix. Then add parsley, salt and pepper, to taste. Fill the potato shells with the potatocrab mixture. Bake until cheese has melted around 35 to 45 minutes.nSprinkle with parsley., ingredients: [6 large baking potatoes, 2 tablespoons plus 4 to 6 tablespoons butter, depending on size of potatoes, divided, 2 medium shallots, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 cups cooked crabmeat, preferably Alaska king crab, 1 to 2 cups grated cheese, depending on size of potatoes provolone, Muenster or Jack  something mild, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped Italian parsley leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Crab Stuffed Twice Baked Potatoes, picturelink: PLnHWiJXPo4XIEd0bcKYfhpw27HYSW}, 26733: {instructions: Peel all of the potatoes and slice them thinly using a mandolin. Place the slice on a kitchen towel and make sure to dry them off. This will prevent the oil from spattering from the excess moisture of the potatoes.nHeat the oil in a deep frying pan or a fryer, to 350 degrees F.nSlowly add the potato slices and fry for approximately 2 to 3 minutes, until golden brown. Quickly remove the chips from the oil and drain on paper towels. While the chips are still hot, sprinkle the salt over the chips.nServe while still hot with your favorite dressing or condiment., ingredients: [2 pounds yukon gold potatoes, 16 ounces vegetable oil, Salt], title: Potato Chips, picturelink: null}, 26734: {instructions: Pour 1 14 cups milk over the bread cubes, stir together and let stand. In a heavyduty mixer, mix the butter, confectioners sugar, lemon zest and salt. Beat together until completely creamed, about 5 minutes. Add egg yolks and vanilla extract and beat for 3 more minutes. Add the soaked bread cubes, farmers cheese, sour cream and raisins and mix for 3 more minutes. Beat egg white with granulated sugar until mixture resembles the texture of shaving cream. Off the mixer, fold the beaten egg whites into the cheese mixture. Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Butter a 9 by 12 glass or ceramic baking dish. As you work, brush all phyllo dough with melted butter. Line the entire bottom of the baking dish with a piece of phyllo dough. Place overlapping pieces of phyllo dough into the dish crosswise so that half of the dough is in the dish and half of the dough is outside of the dish. Pour prepared cheese mixture into the phyllolined dish. Cover this mixture with the phyllo dough that is outside of the dish. Cover top with another whole piece of phyllo dough. If there is any melted butter remaining, brush top with butter. Bake for 20 minutes. In the meantime, heat remaining 34 cup milk until just before boiling point. After 20 minutes, carefully pour hot milk into the baking dish. Bake for 40 minutes more, or until top of milchrahmstrudel is set. Let set at room temperature for 12 hour before serving. Dust with confectioners sugar before serving, if desired, ingredients: [34 pound oneday old white bread or rolls, crust removed, cut into cubes about 6 cups cubed bread, 2 cups milk, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 13 cup confectioners sugar, Zest of 1 lemon, 18 teaspoon salt, 5 eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 14 cups farmers cheese 34 pound, 34 cup sour cream, 34 cup golden raisins, 13 cup granulated sugar, 4 ounces of frozen phyllo dough let stand unopened at room temperature for 30 minutes before using, 14 cup melted butter], title: Milchrahmstrudel, picturelink: null}, 26735: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Peel carrots and cut into 12inch slices. Place in an ovenproof saucepan, cover and bake until tender, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl combine the yogurt, garlic, juice from 12 of the lemon, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste. Puree the carrots in a blender or food processor until smooth, adding the remaining lemon juice and olive oil. Season with salt to taste.nSpoon the carrot puree into a serving dish, and top with the yogurt sauce. Garnish with the fresh mint., ingredients: [6 large carrots, 12 cup creamy yogurt, drained, 3 cloves garlic, pureed with salt, 1 lemon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, for garnish], title: Carrot Puree, picturelink: null}, 26736: {instructions: For the basic BBQ rub: Using a coffee grinder, grind the turbinado sugar with a few pulses until it is lightly powdered. Combine with the granulated sugar, salt, onion powder, granulated garlic, cayenne, black pepper, mustard, chili powder, cumin and paprika in a bowl and hand stir until well incorporated. Store in an airtight container.nFor the BBQ mother sauce: In a medium saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Turn the heat to low if the onion is cooking too fastyou dont want it caramelized or browned. As the onion is getting close, add the garlic and cook until lightly golden, about 2 minutes longer. Add the ketchup, honey, tomato paste, vinegar, brown sugar, Worcestershire, dry mustard, cayenne and black pepper and stir well. Slowly add up to 12 cup water until the sauce reaches the consistency you like. A slightly thick consistency is best. Add about 3 tablespoons of the basic BBQ rub, stir well and taste. The sauce should have a good, wellrounded flavor. Add more of the basic BBQ rub in 1tablespoon increments until your desired flavor is achieved, up to about 12 cup total. Cool and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 10 days.nFor the ribs: Rinse the ribs and remove the membrane from the back. Trim any excess fat from the tops of the slabs. Trim 1 bone from the large end of the ribs and 2 bones from the small end. This will give you a much more consistent slab for cooking.nStarting on the backs, sprinkle the slabs of ribs with approximately 12 tablespoon of the basic BBQ rub each, then add 12 tablespoon yellow mustard each and massage into the meat. Flip the ribs over and repeat. Wrap tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 8 hours. For a contest, I marinate ribs like this for 12 to 16 hours.nPrepare a smoker to run at 225 degrees F with around 4 chunks of apple wood and 4 chunks of cherry wood so that the wood will smolder throughout the cooking. Remove the ribs from the refrigerator, unwrap and repeat the basic BBQ rub and mustard procedure, massaging them in. Dont get it too thick or pastelike, as this will give you a dark appearance when cooked. Place the ribs in the smoker meatside up and cook for 2 hours. Remove the ribs from the smoker and increase the temperature to 250 degrees F. Apply the basic BBQ rub and mustard to both sides of the ribs as before. On the top sides, slather approximately 1 tablespoon of honey over the surface of each slab, then sprinkle heavily with the turbinado sugar. Lay each slab of ribs meatside up on a piece of heavyduty aluminum foil and fold up the edges. Pour approximately 1 to 2 ounces of the grape juice into the bottom of each foil package, then finish wrapping the ribs but dont crimp the edgesyou want steam to be able to escape.nReturn the ribs to the cooker for 2 hours, then test for tenderness. I cook ribs in this stage until they look overdone and too tender. Dont worry, theyll tighten up. If they still have too much texture, leave them in for 20 to 30 more minutes. Remove the ribs from the cooker, open the foil and drain off the liquid. Using the foil as a tool, roll the ribs over so the bone side is up, glaze with the BBQ mother sauce, then roll them back over and glaze the tops. Using long tongs, carefully remove the ribs from the foil and place them back in the smoker for 15 minutes. This will let the glaze cook onto the ribs and let the ribs tighten back up. Remove from the cooker and allow to rest for 5 minutes, apply a very thin coat of sauce to glisten the ribs, then lightly sprinkle with chipotle powder before serving., ingredients: [1 cup turbinado sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup kosher salt, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon finely ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground mustard, 4 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 6 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 14 cup canola oil, 34 cup finely diced sweet or yellow onion, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 12 cups ketchup, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup white vinegar, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 slabs baby back ribs, about 3 pounds each, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 6 tablespoons honey, 1 cup turbinado sugar, 1 cup purple grape juice, 1 teaspoon dry chipotle powder], title: World Championship Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: sRj6PH1jtAsH9tpXA2WTWikwG6Ht.oG}, 26737: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F.nIn a roasting pan toss the asparagus with the olive oil and vinegar until coated. Spread asparagus out in a single layer, if possible. Roast asparagus for 10 minutes until tender. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving dish., ingredients: [1 pound fresh asparagus, washed and trimmed, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Roasted Asparagus, picturelink: 2fC9g0EXsbtH4gqYNN1TKdlHHq23IiK}, 26738: {instructions: In a heavy skillet, dissolve the sugar in 1 tablespoon water. Cook until the sugar caramelizes to golden. Add brandy and stir. In a separate saucepan, heat the wine. Transfer the caramelbrandy mixture to a flameproof container. Add lemon peel, apple and coffee beans. Ignite with a match. After a couple minutes, put the flames out with the warmed red wine and serve in small glasses.nSuggested brandy to cook with: Felipe II Solera Reserva Augustin Blazquez., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup Spanish brandy, 1 cup dry red wine, Peel of 1 small lemon, 12 an apple, peeled, cored and cut in 4 wedges, 2 teaspoons coffee beans], title: Queimada, picturelink: null}, 26739: {instructions: Put the vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, egg yolk, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, anchovies, and pepper in a blender and blend until well mixed.nWith the machine running, add the olive oil, at first by drops and then, as the mixture emulsifies, in a thin, steady stream until all the oil is incorporated.nPulse in 34 of the Gorgonzola and the Parmesan. Scrape into a bowl. Fold in the remaining Gorgonzola. Cover, and refrigerate until needed. You should have about 1 13 cups. The dressing keeps, refrigerated, for 2 to 3 days.nPlace the shredded romaine and iceberg in a large bowl and toss with the dressing. Lay the romaine leaves on a platter. Place a few tablespoons of the salad onto the leaves and garnish with additional cheese., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 6 anchovy fillets if watching salt intake, rinse and pat dry with paper towels, Pinch freshly ground pepper, 1 cup pure olive oil, About 14 cup crumbled Gorgonzola or other blue cheese, plus extra for garnish, 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, 2 heads romaine lettuce, 1 head separated into leaves, 1 head thinly sliced, 1 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 34 pound cooked, shredded chicken or cooked, peeled shrimp, optional], title: Blue Cheese Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 26740: {instructions: In a deep saucepan, combine the sugar, water, orange zest, and cinnamon and bring to a boil. Add the pecans and simmer, stirring, as the water evaporates. The glaze will be shiny and transparent at first, then turn opaque, and crystallize as the water cooks away.nWhen the nuts are completely coated with sugar crystals, they are done. Spread them out on a sheet pan to cool. To wash the saucepan, soak it overnight., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 13 cup water, 12 orange, zested, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 cups toasted pecans], title: Orange and Cinnamon Crusted Pecans, picturelink: null}, 26741: {instructions: Whisk shallots, garlic, ginger, chile garlic sauce, balsamic vinegar, and soy sauce together in a bowl. Add the olive oil slowly but do not emulsify.nHeat a heavy duty skillet over high heat, until smoking. Add soy oil first and then oyster mushrooms right afterwards, stir fry for approximately 2 minutes or until golden brown. Remove mushrooms from skillet onto a sheet pan and spread out in a single layer. Drizzle approximately 12 cup of the soy balsamic vinaigrette over the mushrooms and let marinate for 15 minutes can be done as far as 6 hours in advance. Set aside and toss later on together with the baby spinach and additional vinaigrette.nPlace the ginger, garlic, yuzu kosho, yuzu, soy, rice vinegar, and white wine vinegar, in a blender and turn on medium speed and slowly drizzle in grapeseed oil. The vinaigrette should be emulsified.nSEARING THE SCALLOPS: 30 each U 10 sea scallops preferably dry diver scallops 6ounces sweet butternHeat a heavy duty skillet over high heat. Season scallops with salt and pepper on both sides, and brush with softened butter. Place scallops in hot pan and sear until golden brown on both sides, approximately 1 12 to 2 minutes on each side, medium rare is your desired serving.nTO ASSEMBLE: Toss baby spinach, mushrooms, and SoyBalsamic Vinaigrette, eventually adjust seasoning, and mound salad in the middle of a plate. Cut scallops horizontal and arrange around the salad. Drizzle desired amount of Citrus Chili Vinaigrette over the scallops. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup shallots, fine diced, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup minced ginger, 12 tablespoon Thai Chile garlic sauce, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 34 cup soy sauce, 1 12 cups olive oil, 12 cup soy oil, 1 pound oyster mushrooms, stem off, 1 pound baby spinach, 12 cup minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 12 tablespoons yuzu kosho, red, 3ounces yuzu juice, 14 cup soy sauce, 12 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 34 cup grapeseed oil], title: Seared Diver Sea Scallops, Baby Spinach and Oyster Mushroom Salad with Citrus Chili Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 26742: {instructions: Cook 2 slices chopped bacon in a saucepan remove with a slotted spoon. Add 2 chopped celery stalks, 2 minced garlic cloves and 1 chopped red onion saute 4 minutes. Add 4 cups water and 1 cup dried green lentils rinsed and picked over simmer until tender, 30 minutes. Stir in 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar and 1 tablespoon grainy mustard season with salt and pepper. Top with the bacon, chopped parsley and chopped roasted red peppers., ingredients: [], title: Warm Lentil Salad with Bacon, picturelink: s4pyTT4IpDPNaPbYax8MU6WI2Ad1o.K}, 26743: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the flour, salt and butter in a large bowl. With a bench scraper or pastry cutter, cut the butter into the flour until it forms peasize chunks. Slowly add the ice water, folding it into the flour until it comes together in a dough be mindful not to overwork the dough. If the dough is too dry, add another tablespoon of water at a time. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface. Divide in half and form into disks. Wrap the two disks in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to let the dough rest.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRoll out one of the disks into a 12inch round on a lightly floured work surface. Roll it up onto the rolling pin and carefully transfer to a 9inch pie plate. Gently press the bottom crust into the plate with your fingers. Leave the edges untrimmed.nTo the bottom crust, add the rhubarb, strawberries, sugar, cinnamon, flour, salt, lemon juice and vanilla. Dot with pats of the butter.nOn the same lightly floured work surface, roll the second disk of dough into a 12inch round. Lay the top crust over the pie and crimp the edges.nBrush the top crust lightly with milk and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Cut vent holes in the center. Bake for 20 minutes lower the temperature to 375 degrees F and bake for another 45 to 60 minutes, or until the filling is bubbling.nCool completely before serving to allow time for the filling to set up., ingredients: [2 cups all purpose flour, plus additional bench flour, Pinch salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, chunked, 12 cup ice water, plus more as needed, 1 14 pounds rhubarb, trimmed, cut in 12inch pieces, 2 pints strawberries, hulled and sliced, 1 cup granulated sugar, Pinch ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon flour, Pinch salt, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Milk, for brushing, Granulated sugar, for sprinkling], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Pie, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 26744: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the sausage and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spoon set aside. Add the celery, onion and bell pepper to the skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and crisptender, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and Cajun seasoning cook, stirring, 30 seconds.nAdd the rice and cook, stirring, until warmed through, about 3 minutes. Add the crawfish and sausage cook, stirring, until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and stir in the scallions. Top with cilantro.nPhotographs by Charles Masters, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 andouille sausages about 10 ounces, quartered lengthwise and sliced 12 inch thick, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 14 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 4 cups cooked white rice, cooled thawed if frozen, 1 8ounce package frozen cooked crawfish tail meat, thawed or 8 ounces cooked peeled small shrimp, Kosher salt, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, Fresh cilantro leaves, for topping], title: Cajun Crawfish Fried Rice, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 26745: {instructions: Cake: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mark the outline of a 9inch cake pan on parchment paper. Repeat until you have 6 marked circles.nPlace butter and vanilla in mixing bowl. Warm over low heat to soften. Transfer to a mixer and whip for 1 minute. Add powdered sugar and continue to whip another 5 minutes, until smooth and well blended. Lower the speed and add the egg yolks. Continue to whip for 2 to 3 minutes, until light.nIn another mixing bowl, whip the egg whites until soft peaks. Add the granulated sugar and increase speed of the mixer. Whip until stiff but not dry. Fold the meringue into the egg yolk mixture. Gently fold flour into the egg mixture. Divide the batter equally among the 6marked circles. With an offset spatula, spread the batter about 14inch thick to fill in the marked circle. Bake in preheated oven for 6 to 8 minutes or until light golden in color. Allow to cool. Transfer each cake circle onto a 9inch cake board. Reserve.nChocolate Buttercream: In a saucepan, combine the sugar and water. Boil to 240 degrees F or soft ball stage on a candy thermometer. Do not stir.nMeanwhile, in a mixer, beat the eggs and egg yolk until light and ribbony. Lower the speed and gradually pour the hot syrup into the egg mixture. Increase the speed and whip mixture until room temperature. Add the butter, 1 piece at a time. Then add the melted chocolate and rum, if desired. Continue to whip until smooth and well blended.nCaramel Topping: Cook sugar until is amber in color. Pour caramel over 1 of the reserved cake layers. Run edge of a chefs knife in butter. With the help of the buttered edge knife, spread the caramel to cover the entire surface of the cake circle. Allow to cool to set the caramel. Cut into 12 equal pie cuts. Reserve.nTo assemble torte: Reserve half of the Chocolate Buttercream. Using some of the remaining buttercream, spread a 18inch layer on top of the first cake layer. Continue layering the remaining the 4 remaining cake circles and spreading the buttercream. When all 5 cake layers have been frosted, frost the sides and top of the cake. Use a pastry comb to finish the sides of the layered cake. Mark the top of the cake into 12 pie sections. Pipe the remaining buttecream on top of each pie section and arrange the caramel slices on top of the piped cream at an angle., ingredients: [12 ounces unsalted butter, cut into chunks, 1 vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise, 2 ounces powdered sugar, 10 eggs, separated, 1 cup sugar, 7 ounces cake flour, sifted, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 2 eggs plus 1 egg yolk, 1 pound butter, cut into pieces, 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted, 1 tablespoon rum, optional, 6 ounces sugar], title: Dobos Torte, picturelink: null}, 26746: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F.nCREAM together shortening, peanut butter, brown sugar and 12 cup sugar. Add egg, milk and vanilla. Beat well.nSTIR together flour, baking soda and salt. Add to creamed mixture. Beat on low speed until stiff dough forms.nSHAPE into 1inch balls. Roll in sugar. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheet.nBAKE 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown.nTOP each cookie immediately with an unwrapped chocolate piece, pressing down firmly so that cookie cracks around edge. Remove from cookie sheets to cool., ingredients: [12 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 12 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 2 tbsps. milk, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 34 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 tsp. baking soda, 12 tsp. salt, Sugar, 48 foilwrapped milk chocolate pieces, unwrapped], title: Peanut Butter Blossoms, picturelink: T6v20KGN0QzXZUU7HQOoG0XRr7g.lC}, 26747: {instructions: Spread Homemade Mayonnaise recipe follows on a thick slice of crusty white or rye bread. Top with Bibb lettuce, sliced tomato, thick slices of leftover ham, a few dill pickle slices and sliced cheddar cheese. Spread wholegrain mustard on another slice of bread, then close the sandwich.nWhisk the egg yolk, vinegar and 1 tablespoon water in a medium nonreactive heatproof bowl glass or ceramic. Fill a large bowl with ice water and set aside. Bring 2 inches water to a simmer in a saucepan over mediumlow heat.nSet the bowl with the yolk mixture over the saucepan do not let the bowl touch the water. Slowly whisk until a thermometer inserted into the yolk mixture registers 150 degrees F, 4 to 5 minutes.nSet the bowl with the yolk mixture in the ice water to stop the cooking whisk just until the mixture is lukewarm do not let it get cold.nPut the bowl with the yolk mixture on a damp towel. Add 14 teaspoon salt. Combine the oils in a measuring cup. Whisking constantly, slowly drizzle the oil into the bowl in a thin stream until smooth and thick. If at any point the oil is not emulsifying into the mixture, stop adding the oil and whisk to combine before continuing. Whisk in 1 to 2 teaspoons water if the mayonnaise is too thick. Season with salt. Cover and refrigerate up to 4 days.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 large egg yolk from a pasteurized egg, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar or champagne vinegar, Kosher salt, 12 cup vegetable or grapeseed oil, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Ultimate Ham Sandwich, picturelink: n400DFVIzLb85k8IuUEVmMwQhwtpNem}, 26748: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. Sprinkle the short ribs with salt and pepper. When the oil is hot, brown the short ribs, in batches, until they are browned on all sides, 3 to 4 minutes per side. While the short ribs are browning, place a layer of carrot and onion pieces into the bottom of a slow cooker and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the browned meat on top. Add the remaining carrots and onions along with the parsnips and turnips. Tie together the rosemary and thyme with the parsley stems, and add them to the pot along with the mustard and Worcestershire. Pour over the stout, and then add enough water to almost cover the contents. Cover and cook on low until the meat is very tender, 6 to 8 hours.nTo serve, carefully remove the meat and vegetables from the slow cooker. Strain the juices. Skim off the fat and reserve 2 cups of the juices and 1 short rib for Round 2 Recipe Braised Beef and Mushroom Soup if desired. Serve the rest of the ribs with the remaining juice and garnish with chopped parsley leaves., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 9 bonein beef short ribs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium carrots, cut into large chunks, 2 medium onions, peeled and quartered, 2 medium parsnips, cut into large chunks, 2 medium turnips, peeled and quartered, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 sprigs fresh parsley, stems and leaves separated, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, One 12ounce bottle or can dark stout beer, such as Guinness], title: Holiday Short Ribs, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 26749: {instructions: In a small saucepan, whisk together vinegar, mustard and honey. Set pan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a simmer. Simmer until liquid reduces to 14 cup, about 3 minutes.nSpread mixture on toasted or grilled challah bread slices Top with Brie and then chicken. Using a vegetable peeler, shave apple into thin slices and arrange over chicken. Top with second slice of bread., ingredients: [13 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, 8 slices challah bread, about 12inch thick, toasted, or grilled, 6 ounces Brie cheese, sliced, 4 cooked chicken breast halves, sliced into thin strips, 1 Granny Smith apple], title: Chicken Sandwiches with Brie, Shaved Granny Smith Apple and DijonBalsamic Reduction on Toasted Challah, picturelink: hP638SuECPWsqHK2G.0YDMcCvnJRee}, 26750: {instructions: In a saucepan over medium heat, combine the cherries, sugar, and orange juice. Bring it to a simmer. In a small bowl, stir together the cornstarch with 2 tablespoons water to make a slurry. Stir the slurry into the cherry mixture and simmer until it thickens, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.nIn parfait glasses, put a small scoop of ice cream, a spoonful or 2 of the cherry mixture, and some of the cookie pieces. Repeat 2 to 3 times to fill up the glass. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12ounce bag frozen cherries, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 cups vanilla ice cream, 16 chocolate cream cookies, broken into pieces], title: Cherries Jubilee Ice Cream Parfaits, picturelink: eTbAJn1lPxFCausCFy8DUMtJJRl4uC}, 26751: {instructions: Season tripe with salt and pepper and add to a large stockpot. Cover with water and bring to a gentle boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer for about 3 hours, skimming any impurities from the surfacenWhile tripe is cooking cover the chiles with water in a separate small saucepot and boil until rehydrated and soft. Cool and strain, reserving the cooking liquid. Heat one tablespoon of the grapeseed oil over medium heat in a skillet reserving the rest of the oil. When the oil begins to shimmer, saute onion and garlic until the onions become translucent. Remove from heat and transfer onions and garlic to a small bowl and reserve the skillet. Remove the stems and seeds from the chiles and add to the bowl with the onions. Using the cooking liquid as needed reserving the rest of the cooking liquid, mash into a paste with the onions and garlic. Using the same skillet heat the reserved tablespoon of grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat and fry the paste for a few minutes. Remove from heat and set aside until needed.nPrepare the hominy as directed on the package, utilizing the remaining chile cooking liquid as part of the cooking liquid for the hominy. Usually you will need 4 times as much water as hominy. Mix the chile paste well with the cooked hominy. Stir into the pot of tripe, season with chili powder and return to a simmer and allow to thicken. Ladle into bowls and place small amount of sliced radishes in the center. Squeeze fresh lime juice over., ingredients: [3 pounds beef tripe, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 dried long red chiles, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 large white onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced, 2 cups hominy, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 6 radishes thinly sliced, 3 fresh limes cut into wedges], title: Beef Tripe and Hominy Stew: Posole, picturelink: SVdL0xSGBEfHou9XWIoB.CE9PwUpxe}, 26752: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until the garlic is golden, about 2 minutes. Add both cans of tomatoes and 1 cup water. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat slightly, add the basil sprigs and simmer rapidly, uncovered, until thickened, 15 to 20 minutes. Discard the basil and season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking up any clumps with a wooden spoon, until brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer the sausage to a large bowl using a slotted spoon. Add the green and red bell peppers and onion to the skillet with the sausage drippings and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and golden in spots, about 8 minutes. Transfer to the bowl with the sausage.nCook the rigatoni in the salted boiling water until very al dente, about 2 minutes less than the package directions. Drain the pasta and add it to the bowl.nAdd the tomato sauce, half of the fontina and half of the Parmesan to the bowl and stir well to combine. Transfer the pasta to a 3 to 4quart baking dish and top with the remaining fontina and Parmesan. Bake, uncovered, until browned, about 15 minutes. Let the pasta stand about 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes, One 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, One 15ounce can whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 4 large sprigs fresh basil, 34 pound sweet or spicy Italian sausage, casing removed, 1 green bell pepper, halved, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, halved, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 small onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 pound dried rigatoni, 3 cups shredded Italian fontina cheese, 1 cup grated Parmesan], title: Sausage, Onion and Pepper Baked Pasta, picturelink: 1wSZ5vPUWYU309vlm.7cabXtsBO.6j.}, 26753: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the potatoes and bell pepper with 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a shallow baking dish. Roast 15 minutes. Meanwhile, toss the shrimp with the garlic, oregano, paprika, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a medium bowl.nAdd the shrimp to the baking dish. Roast, stirring once, until the shrimp are just cooked through and the potatoes are golden brown, 12 to 15 more minutes.nToss the radicchio and romaine in a serving bowl with the lemon juice, the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Add the warm shrimp and vegetables and toss to combine. Top with the feta.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound small redskinned potatoes, halved, 1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled, deveined and halved crosswise, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon paprika, 1 small head radicchio, torn into bitesize pieces, 1 romaine heart, torn into bitesize pieces, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: Warm ShrimpandPotato Salad, picturelink: ABI6ihurnyuo7wMgM.XfZrVDasXSHeG}, 26754: {instructions: Soak 1 packet ramen noodles any flavor in warm water, 5 minutes drain. Stirfry 1 pound sliced wild mushrooms and the ramen flavor packet in a castiron skillet with vegetable oil, 3 minutes transfer to a plate. Add 1 tablespoon butter and the noodles to the skillet, toss 1 minute, then add the mushrooms.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Mushroom Ramen, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 26755: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace cranberries, sugar and vanilla in a medium saucepan. Place pan over medium heat and stir. Simmer cranberry mixture until the berries burst, about 5 to 6 minutes.nPlace orange peels in a large glass container with an airtight lid, or large mason jars with lids. Pour vodka over the orange peels.nAllow the cranberry mixture to cool. Pour the cooled mixture into the glass containers. Cover tightly and set aside for 1 week. After 1 week, strain out the cranberries sand orange peels and pour mixture into a clean bottle, using a funnel. Store vodka in the refrigerator.nTo serve: Pour 2 ounces of vodka mixture over ice in a tall glass and top with tonic water. Garnish with a slice of lime., ingredients: [1 pound fresh or frozen cranberries, 1 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, or 1 vanilla bean, split, 2 oranges, peels cut into 2inch strips, 1 750ml bottle vodka, 1 bottle tonic water, Lime slices, for garnish], title: CranberryOrange Vodka, picturelink: VF3TKYGSgHJ0uFtudMgVSw90cWEnXm}, 26756: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C.nFor the coconut filling: Pop the coconut in the oven and bake until it starts to crack, about 1 hour. Let cool and remove the outer shell. Reserve the coconut milk for another use, such as Adobo Pork Shanks with Fried Rice. Using a food processor, reduce the flesh to a fine powder.nSpread 2 cups coconut on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Toast in the oven until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Let cool.nFor the lime shortbread crust: Pulse the allpurpose flour, confectioners sugar and lime zest in a food processor to combine. Add the butter and pulse until coarse crumbs form. Add the egg yolks and process just until the dough forms a ball. Flatten the dough into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nRoll out the dough on a floured surface and fit into an 8 to 9inch 20 to 23 centimeter tart pan with a removable bottom. You can use your fingertips to evenly press the dough onto the bottom and up the sides of the pan.nFinish the coconut filling: Beat the almond flour, butter, confectioners sugar and toasted coconut with a mixer until creamy. Add the eggs and beat until pale and creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the coconut filling into the pie shell. Refrigerate for 1 hour. This will help prevent the crust from shrinking while it bakes.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F 220 degrees C.nBake the tart until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let cool.nFor the pineapple jam: Bring the sugar and 1 cup 250ml water to a simmer in a saucepan over high heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Reduce the heat to low, add the pineapple and cardamom seeds and cook for about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.nSpread the pineapple jam over the cooled tart. Garnish with coconut shavings., ingredients: [1 whole fresh coconut, 2 cups500ml almond flour, 1 cup250ml butter, at room temperature, 1 cup250ml confectioners sugar, 2 eggs, 1 cup250ml allpurpose flour, plus more for the work surface, 12 cup125ml confectioners sugar, Zest of 1 lime, 34 cup180ml cold butter, cubed, 2 large or 3 small egg yolks, 1 cup250ml granulated sugar, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and chopped, 2 cardamom pods, crushed only use the seeds, Fresh coconut shavings, for garnish], title: Pineapple Coconut Pie, picturelink: null}, 26757: {instructions: Slice turkey in strips.nBlend 2 tsp. of the soy sauce and garlic powder into BH Ham Glaze Cooking Sauce and set aside.nAdd 1 tbsp of oil to hot wok or large frying pan, and swirl to coat. Add remaining 2 tsp of soy sauce and meat to pan. Saute over medium heat for 2 minutes. Add frozen vegetables, stir. Add cooking sauce blend and mix well.nCover and simmer over low heat for 10 minutes until vegetables are tender, stirring occasionally.nServe over boiled rice., ingredients: [12 lb Boars Head Ovengold, sup, u00ae, sup, Turkey Breast, 2 tbsp Soy Sauce, 14 tsp Garlic Powder, 12 cup Boars Head Brown Sugar  Spice Ham Glaze Cooking Sauce, 1 tbsp Oil, vegetable, 1 package Oriental Vegetables, Frozen], title: Ovengoldand174 Turkey Stir Fry, picturelink: null}, 26758: {instructions: Making the bread: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 5inch loaf pan with butter.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, granola, baking powder, sugar, salt, and spices.nCream together the butter and brown sugar, until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, scraping down the bowl after each one. Alternate adding the flour and milk, in 3 additions, mixing just to incorporate after each addition. Fold in the pears and nuts, if using.nSpread the batter evenly into the prepared pan.nBake for about 1 hour 15 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean.nRemove from pan and cool to room temperature.nMake the icing: In a small bowl combine all the ingredients until smooth.nSpread over the top of the cooled bread.nEnjoy. Makes a great breakfast., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing, 2 cups spoon and sweep allpurpose flour, 1 cup granola, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 cup brown sugar, packed, 2 eggs, room temperature, 23 cup milk, 2 ripe pears, cut into 12inch chunks, 1 cup toasted nuts optional, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon pear brandy or rum, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Pinch salt], title: Pear Bread, picturelink: Ok79UJw9jdBC3TZpXncsAbxjKHG.OlS}, 26759: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine breadcrumbs and 12cup heavy cream. Stir with fork until smooth. Set aside. In a small saute pan over medium heat, heat the oil and add the onion. Saute until softened but not browned, about 5 minutes. In a large bowl, combine beef, veal, pork, honey, cooked onions and egg. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Add the bread crumbcream mixture to the meat, and mix well. With wet hands 9to keep the meat from sticking, shape a meatball the size of a golf ball. If the meat is too soft to shape, more bread crumbs may be added to the mixture. Continue shaping meatballs, placing on a plate brushed with water. There will be about 24 meatballs. In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter and add the meatballs. Saute, browning on all sides, until cooked through, about 7 minutes. Remove to a plate, and discard the fat from the skillet. Return skillet to heat, and add shallots, red pepper and plums. Saute until softened and lightly browned. Add chicken broth, then remaining 1 4 cup of heavy cream. Stir in plum sauce, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Add meatballs to sauce and simmer over medium heat, until sauce thickens slightly and meatballs are heated through, about 5 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [12cup fine, dry bread crumbs, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, minced, 23 cup ground beef, 23 cup ground veal, 23 cup ground pork, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 large egg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 large shallot, minced, 12 red bell pepper, minced, 6 pickled plums, pitted and minced, 2 cups chicken broth, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons plum sauce], title: Swedish Meatballs with Spicy Plum Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26760: {instructions: Brown meat, bones and vegetables either in batches in a heated stockpot, oil added. Or place all meat, bones and vegetables on baking sheet and brown in oven and then add to stockpot. When browned, add cold water to cover them by 2 inches, Bring to a simmer at medium heat. As the liquid starts to simmer, scum will rise. Remove it with a ladle for about 20 minutes until it stops to accumulate. Add the bouquet garni and add more water if necessary  water should cover all ingredients by 1 inch. When liquid is simmering again, skim as necessary. Keep at a simmer for 4 to 5 minutes. Skim fat and scum occasionally. Boiling water should be added if the liquid evaporates below the level of all ingredients. Never allow the liquid to boil to avoid fat and scum incorporating themselves into the liquid and making it cloudy. Cooking may be stopped at any time and continued later. Never cover the pot totally before contents have completely cooled  otherwise the stock will turn sour. After 4 to 5 hours of cooking, strain the stock out of the stockpot into a bowl. Press on the vegetables, to squeeze out all the liquid. Discard the vegetables. Let stock settle for 5 minutes. Remove fat from its surface with a ladle, then draw paper towels over the surface of the stock to blot up last traces of fat. Or put the stock into the refrigerator, uncovered, until fat on top has hardened and can be scraped off. Taste the degreased stock for taste. Boil it down to evaporate some of its water content and to concentrate its strength. Chill in icebath. Cover and refrigerate it, or bottle and freeze it. Stock kept in the refrigerator must be brought to the boil every 3 or 4 days to keep it from spoiling.nInto a cheesecloth tie: ., ingredients: [7 pounds meat and bones backs, necks, wings are best of chicken, chopped into 2 to 3inch pieces, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 carrots, scraped, 2 onions, peeled, 2 celery stalks, 2 leeks, washed, 4 stems thyme, 1 bay leaf, 6 parsley sprigs, 2 unpeeled garlic cloves, 5 peppercorns], title: Brown Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 26761: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Slice peaches into 12inch wedges, sprinkle with the rum, set aside. Combine butter with brown sugar and vanilla beans. Add 16th of the peaches to the center of the parchment heart, add 2 pieces of star anise to each package and 1 teaspoon of the vanilla butter, start at center of the heart and fold while creasing well to enclose the package, bake just before serving for 4 minutes, open package and serve over vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [4 to 6 very ripe peaches, 2 teaspoons dark rum, 3 teaspoons brown sugar, 6 teaspoons softened, unsalted butter, 2 vanilla beans, seeds scraped and reserved, 12 pieces of whole star anise, Vanilla ice cream], title: Warm Peaches Baked in Parchment with a Vanilla Bean and Star Anise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26762: {instructions: Set up the grill for direct cooking over medium heat and oil the grates.nSlice the pound cake into 34inch thick slices with a serrated knife.nUsing carshaped cookie cutters, cut out car shapes from the slices of cake. Brush with butter and place on the grill. Cook until nice grill marks appear, about 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine the whipped topping, cream cheese, and coconut extract.nFrost the car shaped cakes with a small amount of the coconut frosting.nTo decorate the cars: Use ribbon candy as racing stripes, rock candy as windows, and mini chocolate sandwich cookies as wheels., ingredients: [1 store bought frozen pound cake, thawed, Melted butter, for brushing, 12 ounces whipped topping, 1 block 8 ounces soft cream cheese, 12 teaspoon coconut extract, Sour candy ribbon, rock candy, and mini chocolate sandwich cookies, for decorating], title: Car Cakes, picturelink: OgOQtlHyJ.iqQz65B4StXAKLixdrhlC}, 26763: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the fish stock, hack up the crabs with a large sharp knife and put them into a big stockpot. Peel and devein the shrimp and put the shells into the pot reserve the shrimp for later. Add the fish bones on top. Add lemon and lemon juice, bay leaves, fennel, strip of orange zest, parsley, and thyme. Add the tomatoes, squeezing as you add them. Add garlic, leek, onion, water, and wine. Season with sea salt and freshly ground pepper and a pinch of cayenne. Place over a medium heat. Simmer gently for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally, but dont let it boil. Skim and discard the fish foam that rises to the surface. Remove from heat.nPut the lobster claws into a large cast iron serving pot and strain the stock over them.nTurn the temperature up and simmer for 5 minutes. Add a splash of olive oil and a pinch of saffron. Lastly add the reserved shrimp and lobster tails, and cook for 3 minutes. Add large bite sized pieces of sea bass and cook for 3 minutes.nTo serve: Place pieces of seafood in a big soup bowl. Put a spoonful of Rouille on Croutons and ladle soup on top.nTo make the rouille, put the red pepper, garlic, mayonnaise, saffron, cayenne, and lemon juice in a food processor. Pulse the mixture until combined and smooth. Season with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTo make the croutons lightly brush the baguette slices with olive oil and bake until crisp, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 blue crabs, 1 12 pounds jumbo shrimp, 1 lemon, halved and juiced, 2 bay leaves, 1 small fennel bulb, halved, 1 orange, zest peeled in big strips, 1 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus more for garnish, 6 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 medium tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 12 head garlic, 1 leek, halved, 12 onion, 5 cups cold water, 2 cups dry white wine, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 lobster claws, Extravirgin olive oil, Pinch saffron threads, 2 lobster tails, 4 pounds black sea bass, bones reserved, see Cooks note, Rouille, recipe follows, Croutons, recipe follows, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish, 1 red bell pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 5 garlic cloves, 1 cup mayonnaise, Pinch saffron threads, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 lemon, juiced, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 12inch thick baguette slices, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: The Ultimate Sea Food Soup, picturelink: MqENteLHQt7umNYgwU.1aEeqtcoKNK}, 26764: {instructions: For the filling: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Whisk together the jam, cornstarch, sugar, lemon juice and 2 tablespoons water in a large bowl until well combined. Add the strawberries and toss gently to coat evenly. Transfer the mixture to a 2quart baking or gratin dish, using a spatula or the back of a large spoon to gently pack the fruit into an even later. Set aside.nFor the topping: Pulse together the flour, 14 cup of the sugar, baking powder, and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 34 cup of the cream and the vanilla and pulse until the dough just starts to come together. Do not over mix.nSpread the dough evenly over the strawberries, drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons cream and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar.nPlace the cobbler on a baking sheet and bake until the topping is lightly browned and the fruit is bubbling, about 1 hour. Let the cobbler cool completely before serving, 2 to 3 hours. Serve with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [13 cup strawberry jam, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 pounds strawberries, hulled and quartered, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons cold heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Vanilla ice cream for serving], title: Strawberry Cobbler, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 26765: {instructions: Special equipment: wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat cooking grate of outdoor grill with cooking spray. Preheat outdoor grill to mediumhigh heat.nIn a small bowl, combine the peanuts, canola oil, sugar, 12 teaspoon pepper and 14 teaspoon salt. spread mixture in a single layer on a baking sheet.nBake for 10 to 12 minutes, stirring once. Cool.nCook edamame in boiling water to cover 2 minutes or until crisptender, drain. Plunge into ice water to stop the cooking process, drain and set aside.nPeel shrimp, leaving tails on devein, if desired. Thread 4 shrimp onto each skewer. Set aside.nPeel 4 oranges, and cut each into 6 12inchthick slices set slices aside.nGrate remaining orange to equal 12 teaspoon grated rind in a small bowl squeeze juice from orange into bowl. Add hoisin sauce, lime juice, garlic and ginger to bowl, and stir until blended. Remove 2 tablespoons citrus dressing, and brush evenly on shrimp. Reserve remaining dressing.nGrill shrimp skewers 2 minutes on each side or just until done. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste.nArrange lettuce and watercress on 4 serving plates, and top evenly with edamame, orange slices, watermelon, and green onions. Top each salad with a shrimp skewer. Sprinkle evenly with cilantro, basil, and peanut mixture drizzle with reserved citrus dressing., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 12 cup coarsely chopped dryroasted peanuts, 12 teaspoon canola oil, 12 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fully cooked, frozen, shelled edamame green soybeans, 16 jumbo shrimp, unpeeled, 5 oranges, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 6 cups loosely packed torn red leaf lettuce about 6 ounces, 2 4ounce bags watercress, stemmed, 2 pounds red seedless watermelon, peeled and cut into 1u00bf2inch cubes about 4 cups, 4 green onions, thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup chopped fresh basil], title: Grilled Shrimp, Orange, and Watermelon Salad with Peppered Peanuts in a Zesty Citrus Dressing, picturelink: null}, 26766: {instructions: Trim, rinse and thoroughly dry the green beans. Put them in a medium bowl and toss with the buttermilk to coat.nCombine the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and cayenne in a large bowl or resealable plastic bag. Drain the green beans and toss them in the flour mixture to coat thoroughly.nBring about 12inch of oil in a wide, heavy pot to 350 to 375 degrees F over high heat. Prepare a cooling rack set over paper towels.nAdjust the heat to maintain that temperature range. Test the temperature by using a thermometer or by dipping the handle of a wooden spoon into the oil. If the oil bubbles around the handle, it is hot enough to fry the beans.nShake excess flour mixture off the beans as you add enough of them to form a single layer in the oil. Fry until golden to mediumbrown and beans are tender, about 3 minutes. Transfer with tongs or a slotted spoon to the prepared cooling rack and sprinkle with salt. Repeat with the remaining beans and serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, 12 cup buttermilk, 2 cups flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for sprinkling, 14 teaspoon cayenne, optional, Oil, for frying], title: Buttermilk Fried Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 26767: {instructions: Whisk 1 of the eggs in a medium bowl. Press the potatoes through a ricer into the bowl. Add the Parmesan, butter, chives, parsley, nutmeg, cayenne, salt, and black pepper, to taste. Mix gently with a rubber spatula until evenly combined. Using your hands, form the potato mixture into ovals a bit smaller than the size of an egg, and then flatten slightly. Press a cube of Gorgonzola into the center of the oval and pack the potato mixture around the cheese until it forms a smooth, eggshaped ball. Continue until all the potato mixture is used up.nBeat the remaining egg in a shallow plate. Put the breadcrumbs in another shallow dish and set it next to the egg. Roll a croquette in the egg until coated, then in the breadcrumbs, and place it on a clean plate. Repeat with the remaining croquettes. Refrigerate for at least an hour.nPour enough vegetable oil into a heavybottomed skillet to reach a depth of 14 inch. Heat the oil over medium heat, and fry the croquettes a few at a time, turning, until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and salt to taste. Repeat with the remaining croquettes. Transfer to a serving platter and serve warm.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [2 large eggs, 3 cups cooked potatoes baked or boiled cooled, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 teaspoons finely sliced fresh chives, 2 teaspoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, Pinch grated nutmeg, Pinch cayenne, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces Gorgonzola, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup Italianstyle bread crumbs, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Potato Cheese Croquettes, picturelink: null}, 26768: {instructions: Combine the gin, carrot juice and ginger juice in a cocktail shaker with ice and shake until chilled. Divide among 4 highball glasses filled with ice. Top with ginger beer and garnish with candied ginger., ingredients: [6 ounces gin, 6 ounces fresh carrot juice, 4 ounces fresh ginger juice, 8 ounces ginger beer, 4 pieces candied ginger], title: Sparkling Bunny, picturelink: zJ5OD8LBf1oUAD7PN3sqtwL1U630WGq}, 26769: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients together in a small glass nonreactive bowl. Stir to mix well. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to stand for half an hour for the flavors to mix. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [3 limes, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons minced onion, 1 teaspoon minced fresh coriander cilantro, Minced preserved malagueta pepper to taste], title: Cilantro Hot Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26770: {instructions: Slice chicken strips diagonally. In a bowl, toss together all ingredients. Reserve some cashews for garnish and serve., ingredients: [14pound cooked chicken strips, 1 12ounce container cole slaw, 1 8.5ounce can mandarin oranges in light syrup, drained, 13 cup cashews, chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, optional], title: Cashew Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 26771: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicon baking sheet.nPut the unsweetened and semisweet chocolates and butter in a medium microwavesafe bowl heat at 75 percent power until softened, about 2 minutes. Stir, and continue to microwave until completely melted, about 2 minutes more. Alternatively, put the chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl. Bring a saucepan filled with an inch or so of water to a very slow simmer set the bowl over, but not touching the water, and stir occasionally until melted and smooth.nWhisk the sugar, eggs and vanilla into the chocolate mixture until smooth.nSift the flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt into another bowl. Gradually whisk the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients until moistened. Switch to a rubber spatula and finish folding the batter together take care not to overmix.nUse a small cookie scoop or spoon to drop a heaping tablespoon of batter onto the prepared pan. Repeat to make 36 cookies, spacing them about 1inch apart. Bake until the cookies spring back when lightly touched, about 6 minutes.nCool the cookies slightly. Transfer half of the cookies to a rack. Turn the remaining cookies on the pan over, so they lay flat side up. Place a marshmallow on top of each flipped cookie and return pan to the oven. Cook just until the marshmallow begins to soften and puff, about 3 minutes. Cool marshmallow topped cookies slightly, about 2 minutes. Top with the remaining cookies, pressing lightly to make sandwiches. Cool whoopee pies completely on wire racks. Serve.nStore in tightly sealed container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup unsalted butter 1 stick, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup natural cocoa powder, such as Hersheys or Scharffen Berger, 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoons fine salt, 18 large marshmallows, not minis], title: Whoopie Pie, picturelink: RSn7oSn7ZogrzYhgclhxs2LFStHQmoW}, 26772: {instructions: Make the Hollandaise: Heat the olive oil and butter in a pan until the butter is melted. Put the egg yolks, cream, lemon juice, salt, and pepper into a blender and blend for a few seconds at high speed until you have a smooth frothy mixture. Still at high speed, start pouring in the hot butter mixture in a thin, steady stream, not too slowly. As you add the butter mixture, the sauce should thicken. Continue pouring and blending until all the butter is used. Serve immediately or keep warm.nMake the eggs: Fill a large deep skillet halfway with water and bring to a simmer. Brush 1 tablespoon butter into 2 ramekins or small ovenproof bowls. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Crack 2 eggs into each dish. Place the dishes into the simmering water and cover the pan. Cook until firm, about 6 to 7 minutes.nWhile the eggs poach, heat a grill pan and grill the prosciutto until crispy. Brush the pita with the remaining butter and grill.nPut a piece of toasted pita on each of 2 plates and top with the prosciutto. Remove the eggs from the ramekins by running a knife or small spatula around the eggs. Unmold the eggs on top of the prosciutto. Drizzle the eggs with 2 tablespoons Hollandaise, grind a little black pepper over each, and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon cream, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, Gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 4 thin slices prosciutto, 2 pieces pita bread], title: Pita Eggs Benedict over Grilled Prosciutto and Olive Oil Hollandaise, picturelink: null}, 26773: {instructions: Lightly spray the inside of a slow cooker crock with nonstick cooking spray. Spread 12 cup marinara sauce on the bottom of the slow cooker, then add a layer of noodles you may have to cut or break noodles to fit in a single layer.nCover the noodles with 34 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup green peas, 1 cup baby spinach leaves, 1 cup sliced zucchini and 34 cup marinara sauce. Repeat with two additional layers of noodles, ricotta, vegetables and sauce you will have three layers in all. End with a final layer of noodles, the remaining marinara sauce and the mozzarella cheese.nCover with the lid and cook on high for 3 hours or 5 to 6 hours on low. Turn the slow cooker off and let the lasagna sit for at least 30 minutes before serving this allows it to firm up.nGarnish with parsley and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 4 cups marinara sauce, 8 to 9 lasagna noodles preferably whole wheat, 2 14 cups partskim ricotta cheese, 34 cup green peas, thawed if frozen, 3 cups baby spinach leaves, 3 cups sliced zucchini from about 3 to 4 small zucchini, 34 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: SlowCooker Vegetable Lasagna, picturelink: iv3BYJ29hvu6xfesgNIpQHpLJf9XhS}, 26774: {instructions: Fish stock: Fill medium saucepan with 3 12 cups cold water Add fish bones and head. Bring to simmer. Add reserved vegetable trimmings. Cook for 20 minutes to reduce to 2 12 cups. Strain.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Heat platter for eggplant and small casserole dish for rice. Bring pot of salted water to boil. Add eggplant halves. Cook about 10 minutes, until tender. Drain and set aside on warming platter.nOn stovetop, heat a casserole dish, add 1 tablespoon clarified butter and rice. Saute for 30 seconds. Add bay leaf and 2 12 cups of the fish stock. Season generously with salt and pepper. Cook uncovered on middle shelf of oven for 20 minutes, or until tender and the rice has absorbed all of the stock.nIn a large, hot saute pan, add 14 cup clarified butter. Add the pieces of sole fillet and season generously with salt and pepper. Add wine, cover, and simmer over medium heat for about 5 minutes or until just done. Set aside fillets on platter near stove and cover to keep warm. Reserve juices in the pan.nIn large pot, heat 14 cup clarified butter. Add shallots. Saute for 30 seconds. Add peppers and 1 tablespoon chives. Saute another 30 seconds. Add mushrooms and 12 of lemon juice. Lower heat and simmer as mushrooms extrude their liquid. Add cooked rice to vegetables and mix well. Add the juices from the fish pan. Add 14 cup of the cream. Mix well.nFill eggplants with rice. Gently lay the fish fillets over the rice. Moisten with a little of the reduced veal stock. Cover to keep warm.nHeat oven to broil. In a small saucepan, add 2 tablespoons of veal stock. Bring to a boil, then remove from heat and add the butter and egg yolk. Whisk furiously. Add the remaining lemon juice and the remaining 14 cup of cream. Continue beating until smooth and creamy. Pour the sauce over the stuffed eggplants. Dust with chives and place under the broiler to flash heat.nVeal Stock: In a large stockpot, cover the bones with the cold water and bring to a boil. Continuously remove any scum that rises to the surface. Add the vegetables and seasonings. Bring to boil and reduce to simmer. Simmer for about 5 hours or until reduced to 4 cups., ingredients: [2 14ounce sole fillets, sliced on the bias into 4 slices each, with bones and head reserved, 4 bulbs shallots, finely chopped, trimmings reserved, 1 each red and green pepper, diced, trimmings except seeds reserved, 1 cup mushrooms, thinly sliced, 1 lemon, juiced, divided, 1 eggplant, about 7 inches long, cut in half lengthwise, seeds scooped out to make well for rice, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon clarified butter, 1 cup long grain rice, 1 bay leaf, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 14 cup dry white wine, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 4 cups veal stock, reduced to 14 cup, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives, plus extra for garnish, 2 12 pounds veal bones, Water, to cover, 3 quarts cold water, 6 ounces, about one cup, onions, chopped, 6 ounces, about one cup, carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, bouquet garni, including parsley, thyme, and bay leaf, tied in cheesecloth, Dash of salt, 4 white peppercorns], title: Fillet de Sole Meurice, picturelink: null}, 26775: {instructions: Combine the buttermilk, garlic, and hot sauce and stir well. Submerge the chicken pieces in the buttermilk. Let soak for at least 2 hours in the refrigerator, but preferably overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSift together the flour, salt, and pepper. Heat the oil and butter over medium heat in a large skillet until the foaming of the butter begins to subside. Pull the pieces of chicken out of the buttermilk 1 at a time. Let the excess buttermilk drip off, and then coat the chicken in the seasoned flour. Coat well and shake off any excess flour. Place the chicken skin side down into the hot oil. Cook until nicely browned, 10 to 12 minutes per side.nPlace the chicken on a sheet tray and bake in the oven for 10 to 15 minutes. You should see the juices of a thigh or leg run clear when you pierce the chicken with a fork., ingredients: [1 quart lowfat buttermilk, 6 cloves garlic, bruised, 13 cup hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 3pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons salt sea salt or kosher, 1 tablespoon finely ground black pepper, 3 cups corn oil, 12 cup unsalted butter], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: CoCZZC5PRevi4s80bQ.aO5zR6DxNola}, 26776: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium pot set over medium heat, add the apple cider, orange juice, lemon juice, ginger, nutmeg, cloves and cinnamon sticks. Bring to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.nLadle the wassail into mugs spiked with brandy or cognac, and garnish with spices and apple slices or orange wheels., ingredients: [8 cups apple cider, 2 cups orange juice, 12 cup lemon juice, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, plus more for garnish, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, plus more for garnish, 12 whole cloves, 4 whole cinnamon sticks, Brandy or cognac, for spiking, Apple slices or orange wheels, for garnish], title: Wassail, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 26777: {instructions: Fill glass with ice. Add Smirnoff Vanilla Flavored Vodka and cola. Stir well and garnish with lime., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Smirnoff Vanilla Flavored Vodka, 3 oz. cola], title: Vanilla Vodka and Cola, picturelink: null}, 26778: {instructions: Whisk the sugar and vinegar in a large bowl until the sugar dissolves, then whisk in 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Add the coleslaw mix and herbs, season with salt and pepper and toss.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the kielbasa and cook until browned on both sides, 2 minutes transfer to a paper towellined plate.nSpread the mustard on the bread, then sandwich with half of the cheese, the kielbasa, jalapeno and the remaining cheese.nWipe out the skillet add 12 tablespoon butter and melt over medium heat. Add 2 sandwiches and press another large skillet on top. Cook, pressing gently, until the bread is golden brown and the cheese melts, 4 to 5 minutes per side, adding another 12 tablespoon butter to the skillet when you flip. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with the remaining sandwiches. Serve with the coleslaw.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [3 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 16ounce bag shredded coleslaw mix, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh herbs such as parsley and dill, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 ounces kielbasa, sliced diagonally 14 inch thick, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 8 slices rye bread, 8 slices cheddar cheese about 6 ounces, 12 jalapeno pepper, thinly sliced seeds removed for less heat, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Kielbasa Grilled Cheese, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 26779: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing a small knife, make an incision in the top rounded end of a chicken breast, cutting through the center and to the ends without breaking the sides, to form a pocket for the stuffing.nCombine the tomatoes, ricotta, walnuts, sage and egg yolk in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Using a spoon or place the filling into a piping bag without a tip, stuff one of the chicken breasts with half of the ricotta mixture. Seal the cut end of the chicken closed using a toothpick. Repeat with the other chicken breast.nLay the prosciutto into 2 sheets 3 pieces each and roll around each stuffed breast. Season the chicken with salt and pepper.nHeat the canola oil in a large, ovenproof saute pan until almost smoking. Sear the chicken breasts on the seam side of the prosciutto, then flip and transfer the pan to the oven. Roast until the center of the chicken registers 160 degrees F, 12 to 15 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the pan, add the capers and shallots and cook over mediumhigh heat for 1 minute to soften the shallots. Add the chicken stock and cook until reduced by half, then swirl in the butter. Add the parsley and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.nSlice the chicken and serve with the sauce over the top., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 12 cup sundried tomatoes, chopped, 4 ounces ricotta cheese, 3 tablespoons chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh sage, 1 large egg yolk, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 6 slices prosciutto, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed, 1 shallot, finely diced, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, Juice of 12 lemon], title: ProsciuttoWrapped Chicken Breast, picturelink: ImWK0iATdiLWygcxna5IZ4ytUBF626.}, 26780: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason pike liberally with salt and pepper. Melt butter in pan and sear both sides of fish. Remove from pan and set aside.nAdd mushrooms, scallions, pepper, and paprika and cook over low heat. Add flour and make a roux. Whisk in stock by thirds and bring to a simmer. Whisk in sour cream and check seasoning.nPlace fish back into the pan, cover, and roast in the oven 30 minutes or until fish is flaky., ingredients: [2 pounds halibut fillet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup butter, 3 cups chopped wild mushrooms, 3 chopped scallions, 1 red pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons Hungarian paprika, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup fish stock, 1 cup sour cream], title: Braised Halibut with Paprika and Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 26781: {instructions: Heat butter in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add remaining ingredients and cook for 15 minutes. Place mixture in a blender and blend until smooth. Return to the saucepan and cook an additional 15 to 20 minutes, or until thickened. Preheat grill. Brush chicken with vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill chicken for 6 to 7 minutes on each side or until golden brown and cooked through. Remove chicken from the grill and brush with the sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup finely diced onion, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 6 plum tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons tamarind concentrate, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 4 bone in chicken breasts, 4 chicken thighs, Vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste], title: Fire Roasted Chicken with TamarindMolasses Glaze, picturelink: null}, 26782: {instructions: Special equipment: toothpicksnFor the stuffing: Add the bread crumbs, salami, scamorza cheese, Parmigiano cheese, an egg, 12 the parsley, salt, and black pepper to a bowl. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil and 12 cup white wine. With your hands, thoroughly mix all the ingredients.nGently stuff each squid with the mixture. Seal the opening with a toothpick. Continue until all the mixture is consumed.nIn a large frying pan, heat the extravirgin olive oil and add the garlic and the remaining parsley. Cook for about 1 minute on mediumhigh heat. Add the stuffed squid and cook until the meat starts changing color and becomes slightly golden. Add the wine, salt, and chile pepper. Lower the heat, cover the pan and allow the wine to reduce and thicken up. Allow to cook for 10 minutes.nServe the squid with the sauce over a bed of linguine, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup250 ml bread crumbs, 2 ounces75 g spicy salami, cubed, 2 ounces75 g smoky scamorza cheese, cubed, 1 cup250 ml freshly grated Parmigiano cheese, 1 whole egg, Large bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup50 ml extravirgin olive oil, 3 cups750 ml white wine, 6 medium squid, cleaned, 2 cloves garlic, 1 chile pepper, thinly sliced, 1 pound500 g cooked linguine, optional], title: Stuffed Squid, picturelink: null}, 26783: {instructions: 1. In a small bowl stir together feta cheese, yogurt, parsley, lemon peel and garlic. Cover and refrigerate until serving time.n2. Cook veggie burger according to package directions.n3. Serve veggie burger on bun topped with yogurt mixture, cucumber, onion and olives.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [2 tablespoons 50 less fat feta cheese, 1 tablespoon lowfat plain yogurt or lowfat plain Greek yogurt, 2 teaspoons fresh parsley, 18 teaspoon lemon peel, 18 teaspoon bottled minced garlic, 1 Grillersu00ae Original, 1 whole wheat or multigrain hamburger bun, 2 thin slices cucumber, 1 thin slice red onion, 1 12 teaspoons black olives], title: Greek Burgers, picturelink: 07hCnsKgi0RcEM3KnP8G5y6cQZ83diC}, 26784: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat 6 muffinpan cups with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nPulse the scallions, cilantro, lemongrass, and garlic 8 to 10 times in a food processor fitted with the chopping blade or in an electric blender until finely chopped.nScrape into a large bowl, add the turkey, rice, 12 cup each of the coconut milk and peanut sauce, and the sesame oil ad mix thoroughly with your hands.nPack the turkey mixture into the muffinpan cups and bake until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of a loaf registers 170 degrees F, 30 to 35 minutes.nMeanwhile, make a sauce by whisking the remaining coconut milk with the remaining peanut sauce and the sugar.nTo serve, unmold the loaves onto a heated platter and garnish with a sprig of cilantro, if desired. Pass the sauce u2013 either at room temperature or slightly warmed., ingredients: [6 medium scallions, trimmed and chunked include some green tops, 13 cup packed fresh cilantro sprigs, 1 5inch stalk lemongrass, cleaned and thickly sliced, or the zest of 12 medium lemon, removed in strips with a vegetable peeler, 2 medium garlic cloves, 1 pound ground turkey preferably a 50 to 50 mix of light and dark meat, 12 cup instant brown rice right out of the box, 1 14ounce can unsweetened lowfat coconut milk, 34 cup Thai peanut sauce, 2 teaspoons Asian toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoons raw turbinado sugar, 6 fresh cilantro sprigs, optional], title: Little Thai Turkey Loaves, picturelink: null}, 26785: {instructions: Add tomato sauce to a saucepan. Add garlic, olives, capers, wine and anchovy paste and bring mixture to a simmer for 5 minutes over medium heat. Meanwhile, season halibut on both sides with salt and black pepper. Add halibut fillets to sauce, cover and simmer 3 to 5 minutes, until fish is fork tender., ingredients: [1 12 cups tomato sauce, left over from Spaghetti and Meatballs or storebought, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup stuffed green olives, chopped, 3 tablespoons drained capers, 12 cup red wine, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, 4 5ounce halibut fillets, Salt and ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Halibut Puttanesca, picturelink: fUdduDvJ9yddrsxyku9E7BRBbBHWrm}, 26786: {instructions: Shake the grapefruit and lemon juice, orange liqueur, vodka and 1 tablespoon crushed ice in a cocktail shaker. Add a touch more fruit juice or vodka to taste. Strain into a chilled martini glass and garnish with grapefruit. EnjoynPhotograph by John Kendrick, ingredients: [3 12 ounces fresh pink grapefruit juice, plus grapefruit wedge for garnish, 12 ounce fresh lemon juice, 12 ounce orange liqueur, 2 ounces vodka], title: Pink Grapefruit Cocktail, picturelink: xCUhKzIwAH.tBu5oSs.aBxDLrmiqwMi}, 26787: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nMeanwhile, put 1 tablespoon of clarified butter in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the sliced onion and saute until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Stir in the crumbled bacon. Set aside.nWith the julienne blade of a mandoline or the large holes of a shreddergrater, shred the potatoes. By handfuls, squeeze any excess liquid from the shreds and transfer them to a mixing bowl. Add the remaining butter and the salt and pepper and mix well.nHeat a 10inch nonstick ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the olive oil. Squeezing away any liquid that has accumulated in the bowl, arrange half of the potatoes in an even layer. Spread the sauteed onion over the potatoes, and then top with the remaining potatoes in an even layer. Saute over medium heat until the underside of the potatoes are golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes.nTo flip the cake, slide it out of the skillet browned side down onto a large plate, then invert the skillet over the plate and flip both together to return the cake to the skillet browned side up.nPut the skillet in the oven and bake until the cake is cooked through, about 10 minutes more. The potatoes should feel tender when the cake is pierced with a skewer or a sharp knife tip. With a spatula, lift 1 side of the cake slightly to check if the underside is well browned. If not, put the skillet on top of the stove over mediumhigh heat and cook briefly to brown the underside.nSlide the potato cake onto a serving platter. Garnish with parsley and, with a sharp knife, cut it into 6 wedges. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons clarified unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 4 strips smoked bacon, cooked until crisp and then crumbled or diced, 2 12 pounds redskinned potatoes, peeled, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: PanFried Potato Cake with Onions and Bacon: Potatoes Lyonnaise, picturelink: null}, 26788: {instructions: Trim 4 bunches of scallions and toss with 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and a pinch of cayenne. Grill until charred and beginning to wilt, about 5 minutes. Drizzle with lime juice and more olive oil and serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [], title: Grilled Lime Scallions, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 26789: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs and milk. Whisk in the salt, sugar, and flour. Set aside for 30 minutes. In a nonstick 8 to 10inch skillet, melt about 12 teaspoon butter over medium heat. When it foams, pour or ladle about 18 cup 2 tablespoons into the batter. Lift and swirl the pan so the batter coats the bottom. Replace the pan on the burner and cook just until set and the underside is lightly browned. Using a spatula or your fingers, flip and cook until the other side is lightly browned. Transfer to a platter. Repeat until the batter is used up.nIn a food processor blend together the 12 tablespoons butter, sugar, orange rind, and juice. Chill. When ready to serve, melt the orange butter in a saute pan over an open flame to make a sauce. Add the crepes one at a time using a fork to flip them to coat both sides. When coated fold the crepe into quarters, push it to the side of the pan and continue coating another one. Overlap the folded crepes on one side of the pan while you coat the rest. When all of them have been dressed in the orange butter, pour the orange liqueur and cognac into the pan and warm it, then tip your pan towards the flame to ignite it. Let the flame die down and serve 2 crepes per person., ingredients: [2 eggs, 12 cup milk, 18 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup flour, Butter, for crepe pan, plus 12 tablespoons, 4 teaspoons vanilla sugar, 2 oranges, grated, 12 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons orange flavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 2 tablespoons cognac], title: Crepes Suzette, picturelink: null}, 26790: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nIn a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, mix the flours, salt, sugar and baking powder at low speed. With the mixer running, add the butter and mix until coarse and sandy. Add the milk and mix until almost combined, then add the currants and mix just to distribute them evenly through the dough. Do not overmix there may still be some flour not mixed in. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead the dough 10 times. With a lightly floured rolling pin, roll out the dough 1inch thick. With a biscuit or cookie cutter or a clean empty can, cut out circles about 2 12 inches in diameter. Transfer to an ungreased baking sheet with a spatula. Knead the scraps together just until combined, then roll out again and continue cutting out circles until all the dough is used up. Brush the tops of the scones with cream and sprinkle with brown sugar. Bake until light golden brown, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 34 cups whole wheat flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 14 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 1 cup currants or raisins, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar], title: Brown Sugar Wheat Scones, picturelink: kxH180mdNgLXoUVA1EsnDkWmrXJeTS}, 26791: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add ground beef and sausage and cook until both are browned. Set aside. Heat butter and olive oil in a stock pot over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and saute until softened do not let brown. Add tomato sauce and paste. Add 44 ounces of water 2 cans each of the tomato sauce and paste filled with water. Stir and then add all remaining ingredients except pasta and cheese. Add the browned meats. Stir to combine and bring to a very low simmer, lowering the heat as needed. Simmer very slowly for 3 to 4 hours, checking the taste occasionally and adjusting seasoning accordingly. The long cooking time is critical. When sauce has reduced substantially and thickened considerably, remove celery and bay leaf. Serve over cooked pasta and top with Parmesan, if desired., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 1 12 pounds Italian sausage, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 16 ounces tomato sauce, 6 ounces tomato paste, 12 small carrot, grated, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 bay leaf, 1 rib celery, cut in half, 6 large mushrooms, 2 to 3 tablespoons Italian seasoning, 2 cups red wine, 2 to 3 pounds pasta, cooked to al dente when sauce is ready, Grated Parmesan, optional], title: Bianco Red, picturelink: 8jH2kcSKGk23yx0N8JotnaqKNOXpj.u}, 26792: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Roast the potatoes on a rimmed baking sheet until soft and tender, about 1 hour. Let cool for a few minutes, then use paper towels or a kitchen towel to help remove the skins.nProcess the sweet potato meat, butter, 1 12 teaspoons salt, cinnamon, allspice and cayenne in a food processor until smooth. Let cool to room temperature. Transfer to an airtight, microwavesafe container, label and date, and freeze for up to 2 weeks.nTo serve, reheat in the microwave, stirring often. Transfer to a serving dish, and top with the pecans and scallions., ingredients: [3 pounds sweet potatoes, scrubbed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Large pinch ground allspice, Large pinch cayenne pepper, 14 cup pecans, very finely chopped, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: MakeAhead Whipped Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: V8vPtanIZ0y2ZpF5FWqgq6T0KG4kJcy}, 26793: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill, grill pan or broiler. Coat a grill, large baking sheet or shallow roasting pan with cooking spray.nIn a shallow dish, whisk together vinegar, sugar, allspice, cloves, basil, thyme, hot sauce, salt, and pepper. Add flank steak and turn to coat you may marinate up to 24 hours at this point.nTransfer flank steak to prepared pan and pour over any remaining marinade. Grill or broil 5 minutes per side, until mediumrare. Let stand 10 minutes before slicing crosswise into thin slices. Serve 12 ounces for tonights dinner about 13 of the total. Refrigerate leftovers until ready to use., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, 2 teaspoons ground cloves, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 12 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 12 pounds flank steak, Salt and pepper], title: Jamaican Jerk Flank Steak, picturelink: rjPnq6ZaieHxkDhV9MEkC3K.iL9.7sG}, 26794: {instructions: 1. For the caramelized pineapple, remove the leaves of the pineapple and cut about 12 inch off the top and bottom. Cut away the skin, removing the dark brown eyes. Cut the trimmed pineapple lengthwise into 4 sections. Remove the tough core and cut the flesh into 14inch pieces.n2. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the brown sugar and cook, stirring, until dark and blended, about 2 minutes. Add the pineapple and cook until slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Makes about 212 cups. Keep tightly covered in the refrigerator until ready to use. Gently warm over low heat before serving.n3. To prepare the waffles, preheat the waffle iron. Whisk both flours with the baking powder, salt and sugar in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the butter, buttermilk, eggs and vanilla. Pour the liquid ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir until just combined.n4. Lightly oil or spray the grids of the waffle iron. Spoon 12 to 23 cup batter into the iron, following manufacturers instructions. Spread almost to the edges, close the lid and bake until browned and set. Serve hot with a spoonful of the caramelized pineapples on the side., ingredients: [1 large fresh pineapple, about 312 pounds, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 23 cup wholewheat flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 34 cup buttermilk, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Simply Orangeand174 Whole Wheat Waffles with Caramelized Pineapple, picturelink: null}, 26795: {instructions: Cooks Note: You can use only claw meat or only lump crab meat for the crab cakes, if desired.nFor the steak: Toss the steak together with the olive oil, Worcestershire, thyme, garlic and shallots and let marinate for at least 1 hour, or preferably refrigerated overnight.nFor the crab cake: Pour the milk over the stale bread and press it down. Let sit for 1 hour. Meanwhile, heat a little bit of oil in a saute pan. Add the mushrooms and cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly, and then add the shallots and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the red peppers and green onions and then add the cream. Cook until the mixture is thick and the cream has fully reduced. Turn off the heat, mix in the cream cheese and let cool.nRemove the bread from the milk, squeeze out the excess, and then stir into the cream mixture. Place the crabmeat in a bowl and pour the cream mixture over, using your hands to mix well. Add 12 cup of the breadcrumbs, some salt and black pepper and mix to incorporate. Make 6 balls of crab mixture and shape into patties. Coat the patties with the remaining panko.nPreheat the grill to high heat.nFor the bearnaise sauce: Heat the red wine vinegar, white wine, tarragon and shallots in a small saucepan until reduced by threequarters. Remove from the heat and let cool.nHeat about 2 cups of water in a large pot. Heat the clarified butter in a saucepan until warm not boiling hot, just warm. Pour the wine reduction into a stainless steel bowl along with the salt and egg yolks and whisk well until a little frothy. Fit the bowl over, but without touching, the boiling water to create a double boiler. Continue whisking briskly until the eggs become thick, being very careful not to overcook the eggs. The ideal time to stop whisking the eggs is when the egg mixture is very thick and slightly hot to the touch. Remove from the heat and slowly whisk in the warm clarified butter. Stir in the chopped tarragon and smoked paprika.nFor cooking and assembling: Heat the vegetable oil in a nonstick pan. Cook the crab cakes until crispy and golden brown on all both sides.nMeanwhile, grill the steak to desired doneness. Slice the steak and place on top of the crab cakes and serve with the bearnaise sauce and some steak sauce.nThis recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [One 1pound hanger steak, thin membrane, fat, silver skin and center tendon removed, cut into 6 pieces, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 shallot, sliced, 1 cup milk, 4 ounces stale bread, Vegetable oil, for sauteing, 1 cup shiitake mushrooms, small dice, 2 shallots, diced, 12 cup roasted red peppers, diced, 14 cup green onions, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces cream cheese, 8 ounces crab claw meat, picked clean, 8 ounces jumbo lump crab meat, picked clean, 1 12 cups panko breadcrumbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup white wine, 3 sprigs fresh tarragon, stems separated, plus 2 tablespoons chopped leaves, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 cup clarified butter, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, for cooking crab cakes, Steak sauce, for serving], title: Steak and Cake, picturelink: null}, 26796: {instructions: Special equipment: newspaper and parchment paper, cut into 8 to 10inch squaresnPlace the chicken thighs in a large bowl. Cover the chicken with the light soy sauce, Chinese fivespice powder, salt and garlic, and stir to coat. Toss the chicken with the toasted sesame oil. Let marinate for as much time as you have for best results, leave the chicken in the refrigerator overnight.nWhen ready to fry, toss the chicken pieces in the cornstarch.nHeat a large wok or pan over high heat and add the vegetable oil. Working in batches so as not to crowd the pan, add the chicken and fry lightly until the thighs are golden brown on all sides and cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain the chicken on paper towels and season them with salt, pepper and cilantro as they come out of the oil.nWrap each piece of newspaper and parchment into a cone shape and secure with a piece of tape. Fill each cone with several pieces of chicken and garnish with more chopped cilantro. Serve alongside a platter of Mixed Salad if desired.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the extravirgin olive oil, light soy sauce, rice vinegar, and toasted sesame oil set aside. Toss the lettuce, carrots, chiles and scallions with the dressing when ready to serve., ingredients: [6 skinless chicken thighs, each piece chopped in half across the bone, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 heaping tablespoon Chinese fivespice powder, 2 teaspoons sea salt, plus more for seasoning, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 to 3 heaping tablespoons cornstarch, for dusting, 12 cup vegetable oil, for frying, 1 heaping tablespoon ground black pepper, 4 to 6 sprigs fresh cilantro, chopped, Mixed Salad, for serving, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 head butter or red leaf lettuce, sliced, 2 carrots, peeled and shredded, 1 medium Fresno chile, seeded and finely chopped, 12 scallion, green parts only, finely chopped], title: PaperWrapped Crispy Salt and Pepper Chicken, picturelink: null}, 26797: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 475 degrees F.nPlace a teakettle of water on to boil for a water bath. With a serrated knife, remove the side crusts from the half piece of the panettone. Cut into 34 to 1inch dice. You should have 5 cups. Reserve the cubed panettone in a large mixing bowl.nFor the eggnog custard, in another bowl thoroughly whisk together the eggs, yolks, sugar, half and half, rum, vanilla extract, and a healthy grating of fresh nutmeg. Pour this over the bread cubes.nSpray a 12 hole muffin tin with vegetable cooking spray. Ladle the breadeggnog mixture gently and evenly into the muffin tins. The big cubes sticking up look nice. Place the filled muffin tin in a tall sided cookie sheet or roasting pan. Transfer to the preheated oven and carefully pour the hot water from kettle onto sheet pan, creating a water bath for the muffin tin to sit in.nBake 15 to 20 minutes until the tops are nicely browned, and a toothpick comes clean from the center.nBread pudding may be served warm or cold. Vanilla Ice cream or whipped cream would be great accompaniments.nAlternately place the muffin tin in a roasting pan on the stove. Pour in up to 1inch of boiling water. Cover and cook over mediumhigh heat for 15 to 20 minutes. The puddings will puff and a toothpick will come out clean from the center. The tops wont brown with this method. Perhaps a sprinkle of cinnamon sugar at serving time would be nice., ingredients: [1 loaf panettone, available in Italian specialty stores, cut in half enough for about 5 cups, diced, 3 whole eggs, 3 egg yolks, 34 cups sugar, 2 cups halfandhalf, 14 cup rum, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 to 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Vegetable cooking spray, Vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream], title: EggnogPanettone Bread Pudding, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 26798: {instructions: Bring some water to a boil and blanch the ginger until tender drain and dry set aside.nIn a mixing bowl combine oil, lemon juice, capers, salt and pepper. Just before serving, toss the spinach with most of the vinaigrette, reserving some for avocadoes. Peel avocado and slice into 3 by 1 inch pieces. Toss avocado with remaining dressing.nSet dressed spinach in the middle of each dinner plate. Place avocado slices in a crown around spinach. Place the pieces of smoked fish, alternating the sable with the salmon, around avocado. Garnish spinach with julienned ginger., ingredients: [1 tablespoon very fine julienne of fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons vegetable or nut oil, 1 tablespoon or more fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon capers, salt packed and rinsed, 8 ounces curly spinach, stemmed, washed and cut into 1 by 3 inch strips, 12 Haas avocado, 14 pound smoked sturgeon or smoked sable, 4 ounces smoked Nova Scotia salmon], title: Smoked Fish Salad Michele, picturelink: null}, 26799: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nEvenly rub turkey parts with oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. In a large roasting pan, place turkey, skin side down, in oven and roast for 45 minutes.nPrepare and combine vegetables. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F, briefly remove turkey, add in vegetables, turning to coat in bottom of pan juices. Place turkey, skin side up on top of vegetables and continue to roast for another 35 minutes.nRemove pan from oven, place over burners and add in 4 quarts of water. Scrape bottom of pan to remove stuck bits, repositioning turkey and vegetables as needed. Keep at a medium to low simmer for 2 hours, uncovered until deep in color and flavor. Strain turkey and vegetables from stock, pushing any vegetable matter through strainer. Let sit, and skim fat from top.nIn a large saute pan, melt butter, stir in flour, and cook for 1 minute. Slowly add in warm turkey stock 12 cup at a time until gravy is desired consistency. Add in spices and adjust seasoning, if necessary.nServe with turkey. Yield: 3 12 cups, ingredients: [1 turkey leg, 2 turkey wings, 1 turkey neck, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 large garlic cloves, 2 Vidalia sweet onions, quartered, 2 carrots, chopped in thirds, 3 stalks celery, chopped in thirds, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoon pepper, 6 fresh sage leaves, Amazing Gravy, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons butter, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups turkey stock, warm, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon rubbed sage, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Turkey Stock and Amazing Gravy, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 26800: {instructions: Core and slice the apples into thin wedges. Place in a bowl, toss with the lemon juice and reserve. Put the diced onion, peppers and oil in a nonstick 3quart saucepan and saute over medium heat until the vegetables are soft and wilted. Turn the heat to low, add the dry spices and stir to coat the vegetables evenly and release the full flavors of the spice mixture. Add the sugar and continue cooking until it melts and begins to bubble. Add the vinegar slowly and carefully to avoid splashing. Continue cooking 5 minutes. Stir in the reserved apples and their juice and cook no more than 2 to 3 minutes, watching to be sure the apples dont overcook and become mushy. Remove from the heat and set the pan in an icewater bath to cool the relish as quickly as possible. Chop the cilantro leaves coarsely and add to the relish at the last moment before serving. Without the cilantro leaves, the relish will keep 1 to 2 weeks in the refrigerator, longer if properly stored in airtight jars., ingredients: [2 pounds Granny Smith apples, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 large red Bermuda onion, diced, 1 sweet red pepper, diced, 1 yellow pepper, diced, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, loosely packed], title: Apple and Bermuda Onion Relish, picturelink: null}, 26801: {instructions: Mix all of the dry rub ingredients together in a small bowl. Dab the brisket dry with paper towels. Coat the brisket all over with the dry rub. Make a mesquite fire inside the oven of a smoker. A combination of charcoal and mesquite chips wet is fine. Put the brisket on the right side of the grates in the main oven of the smoker. Damp down the fire. Leave the brisket to smoke until the fire burns out.nIn the meantime, In a large skillet, saute the bacon and vegetables until they are moist. Put them into a 6inch deep, fullsized, hotel pan. Add the brisket, beer, vinegar, Worcestershire and garlic. Cover the pan with a sheet of parchment paper and tightly cover with a sheet of heavy foil. Cook overnight in a 250 degree F oven.nCut the brisket into chunks and serve on a wholewheat buns with the BBQ sauce, sliced red onion and pickles.nHeat some oil about 14 cup or less in a heavybottomed pan over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute for a couple of minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and bring to slow boil  be careful not to burn. Cook on ultra low heat for about 8 hours 1.5 in prep room hot plate. Cool. Add the sauce to a food processor and blend to combine. Dilute with brisket pan juice before using., ingredients: [14 cup paprika, 14 cup freshly ground black pepper, 18 cup salt, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 14 cup garlic powder, 10 pound brisket, 7 slices bacon, cut in 1inch pieces, 3 yellow onions, julienne, 3 tomatoes, sliced, 2 ribs celery, cut in 12, 3 jalapenos, 1 red pepper, seeded and julienne, 3 carrots, julienne, 12 ounces oatmeal stout, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Handful garlic, about 12 cloves, Wholewheat buns, Sliced red onion and pickles, for serving, Olive oil, 4 shallots, diced, 1 No.10 can diced tomatoes, 64ounce can sliced peaches, 16 ounces dried figs, stems removed, 1 stem rosemary, leaves picked, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup stoneground mustard, 1 lemon, juiced, 13 cup packed ground fresh ginger, 4 cups fresh orange juice, 2 cups white tequila can use reposado but not anejo  unless you really like that flavor, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 8 ancho chiles, 1 tablespoon sambal oelek, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 can anchovies, minced, 10 cloves garlic, peeled], title: Brisket Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 26802: {instructions: In a cast iron skillet, heat a small amount of olive oil. Add onions and saute until translucent. Add all the remaining vegetables, season with salt and pepper and bring to a simmer. Stir well and cover the pan. Let cook on a low flame for about 20 minutes, stirring often. Remove cover and continue to cook vegetables until tender and no cooking liquid remains in the skillet, about 15 minutes more. Adjust seasoning and serve hot, or cool down., ingredients: [Olive oil, 14 pound fresh mushrooms, cleaned and sliced, 1 medium onion, diced, 4 Italian fryer peppers, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, small diced, 1 baby eggplant, sliced, 2 ripe tomatoes, thinly sliced, 2 medium zucchini, sliced, 3 medium potatoes, diced, Salt and pepper], title: Italian Giambotta, picturelink: null}, 26803: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Make the large graham crackers: Discard 34 cup of the cookie mix. Prepare the remaining mix as directed for cutout cookies, adding the ground graham crackers.nDivide the dough in half. Roll out each piece of dough into a 9 12inch square on separate sheets of parchment paper transfer the dough and parchment to 2 baking sheets.nBake the grahamcracker cookies until golden and set, 12 to 15 minutes. While still warm, trim the edges with a paring knife to make even 9inch squares.nUse a butter knife to score a perforated line across the middle of each cookie, then use a chopstick or skewer to make small holes as shown. Let cool completely.nUsing an offset spatula, spread the fudge sauce into a wavy pool on 1 cookie. Transfer to the freezer.nLet the ice cream soften slightly, then cut off the carton and place the block of ice cream on its side on a piece of plastic wrap. Cover with more plastic and press the ice cream to flatten slightly. Freeze until firm, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the meringue: Beat the egg whites and cream of tartar with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until foamy, then gradually beat in the sugar on high speed until stiff glossy peaks form.nRemove the plastic and set the ice cream on top of the fudgecovered cookie. Using an offset spatula, cover the ice cream with a smooth layer of meringue, building out the sides slightly.nUse a kitchen torch to brown the meringue, then gently press the other grahamcracker cookie on top. Freeze until ready to serve, then let soften slightly and slice.nPhotograph by Ralph Smith, ingredients: [1 17.5ounce bag sugar cookie mix plus required ingredients, 34 cup finely ground graham crackers about 7, 1 11ounce jar hot fudge topping, 1 1.5quart rectangular carton vanilla ice cream, 6 large egg whites, Pinch of cream of tartar, 1 cup sugar], title: Giant Smore Cake, picturelink: q7tgwdU36bpBWmYAB5s1hFqq.KhP5O}, 26804: {instructions: Special equipment: a deep fryernSprinkle the snapper all over with the fish seasoning. Combine the pimento seeds, peppers, carrots and onions in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, add the vinegar and transfer to a bowl.nFill a deep fryer with oil and set on 350 degrees F or coat a frying pan with oil and heat over high heat. Deepfry the fish until golden, 5 to 8 minutes, or panfry until golden, about 3 minutes per side.nDunk the fish in the sauce reserved in the bowl, then transfer the fish to a serving platter and decorate with the vegetables., ingredients: [1 whole red snapper 1 12 to 2 pounds, cleaned and scaled, Fish seasoning, such as Old Bay, for sprinkling, 10 whole pimento seeds, 3 to 4 Scotch bonnet peppers, sliced including seeds, 2 carrots, cut into 18inch julienne matchsticks, 1 onion, cut into rings, 3 cups white vinegar, Cooking oil, for frying], title: Island Frydays Spicy Escovitch Red Snapper, picturelink: null}, 26805: {instructions: Place the rice in a large microwavesafe bowl and add 1 cup water. Cover with plastic wrap, pierce with a knife a few times to vent, then microwave until the water is almost absorbed, 10 minutes. Uncover and fluff the rice with a fork let cool completely.nLightly beat 1 egg in a small bowl. Add to the bowl with the rice along with the lamb, beef, provolone, onion, half each of the mint and parsley, the marjoram, garlic, allspice, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Mix with your hands until just combined do not overmix cover and refrigerate 30 minutes.nDampen your hands and form the meat into 18 balls about 1 12 inches each. Bring the chicken broth to a boil in a large pot or Dutch oven. Add the meatballs, cover and cook over medium heat until tender, about 30 minutes, turning halfway through.nWhisk the remaining 2 eggs and the lemon juice in a small bowl until frothy. Remove 1 cup broth from the pot and gradually whisk it into the egg mixture. Push the meatballs to one side of the pot reduce the heat to low and pour the egg mixture into the other side. Cook, stirring gently, until the sauce thickens slightly, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining mint and parsley season with salt and pepper. Serve the meatballs and sauce in shallow bowls. Top with arugula, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [13 cup converted rice, 3 large eggs, 12 pound lean ground lamb, 12 pound lean ground beef, 12 cup chopped delisliced provolone cheese about 2 ounces, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 13 cup chopped fresh mint, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh marjoram or 12 teaspoon dried, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 13 cup fresh lemon juice from about 3 lemons, 3 cups baby arugula, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Greek Meatballs with Lemon and Arugula, picturelink: 5GAKPYGvS2B63rsPuTwJd4dgZO73zdK}, 26806: {instructions: In small bowl combine cucumber, red pepper, sugar and vinegar. Add salt to taste. Add a splash of Tabasco, and drizzle in oil. Toss to coat. Serve., ingredients: [2 cucumbers, peeled, seeded and sliced, 1 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, Salt, Tabasco, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Spicy Cool Cucumber Condiment, picturelink: null}, 26807: {instructions: Separately boil potatoes 25 min., beets 30 min., and carrots 1520 min, until tender. Cool, peel and dice all of them to 14 inch.nChop the eggs and pickles into small dice. Mince celery and onion. Drain peas.nMix the potatoes, beets, carrots, celery, pickles, and onions very gently. Gently mix in eggs and peas. Then gently mix in mustard, mayo and sour cream. Add salt and pepper to taste.nRefrigerate for about 2 hours before serving.nThe recipes for this contest, which were provided by contributors who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes.nThis recipe was never written down before. All measurements are best guesses, and this potato salad is best made to taste. ., ingredients: [7 or 8 medium potatoes, 3 beets, 3 hard boiled eggs, 3 carrots, 2 sticks of celery, 1 small onion, 2 sour pickles, 1 small can of sweet peas, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Pink Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 26808: {instructions: In a large bowl, place the lard and butter. Add the flour and salt and rub together with fingers to form small balls. Add the cold water, 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing the flour mixture in between each tablespoon. Only add enough water until dough comes together in one large ball.nSpread some flour on a piece of waxed paper and place the dough on it. Sprinkle some more flour on top of the dough and proceed to roll out the dough until desired thickness, about 18inch thick. Fold the dough over once to make a half moon and again to make it a quarter moon. Remove the dough from the waxed paper and place into a 9inch pie pan. Unfold the dough so that it covers the entire pan. Press dough gently into pan. Using a fork, crimp the edges of the dough along the edge of the pie pan and cut away excess dough with a pairing knife. Set the pie shell aside.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a bowl, combine the corn syrup, sugar, butter, vanilla, and eggs. Mix with a whisk until well incorporated. Place the pecans in the pie shell and pour mixture over nuts. Be careful not to overflow the shell. Bake the pie for 45 minutes. The pie should be firm and golden brown. Let pie cool before cutting. Pie may be garnished with whipped cream, nuts and mint., ingredients: [1 cup lard, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons cold water, 1 cup corn syrup, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups chopped pecans, Whipped cream, chopped nuts and mint, for garnish], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 26809: {instructions: Special equipment: ice pop moldsnIn a blender add the lime juice, water, triple sec, tequila, and sugar blend until the sugar has dissolved. Set aside 8 strawberry quarters and put the remainder into the blender blend until the strawberries are pureed. Skewer a piece of the reserved strawberries onto the end of each ice pop stick. Pour the margarita into the ice pop molds, insert the skewered sticks, and freeze at least 4 hours or overnight.nUnmold the ice pops and serve., ingredients: [1 cup freshly squeezed lime juice 6 to 8 limes, 12 cup water, 12 cup triple sec, 14 cup tequila, 12 cup superfine sugar, 1 pint strawberries, quartered, If not using alcohol, add another 12 cup water and 14 cup fresh lime juice], title: Strawberry Margarita Ice Pops, picturelink: Nims2huUk.q4iMXx7JHpwIh8Evur15i}, 26810: {instructions: Spread all the bread slices, 1 side only, with the butter and mustard. Add the 2 slices of ham and 2 slices of cheese to each of 4 bread slices. Cover with remaining bread to make a traditional sandwich.nIn a large shallow bowl add the beaten eggs and the whole milk. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and combine well. Dip each sandwich into the egg mixture making sure you cover the whole sandwich, including the sides. Place on a large platter until ready to cook. Heat the remainder of the softened butter in a large skillet. When the butter has melted and the pan is very hot, add the sandwiches and cook turning once, until golden brown, about 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer to serving plates and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 slices white bread or Texas toast, 6 ounces softened butter, 3 tablespoons stoneground mustard, 8 slices baked ham, 8 slices Muenster cheese, 3 eggs beaten, 14 cup whole milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Rocker Barbie  Croque Monsieur, picturelink: null}, 26811: {instructions: Microwave the lime in a small bowl and set aside until it is just cool enough to handle. In a small bowl, create a slurry by gradually whisking 2 tablespoons water into the cornstarch. Through the feed tube of a running blender add, 1 at a time, the vinegar, chile pepper, garlic, ginger, salt, black pepper, and sugar. Then squeeze the lime from the microwaved lime through the feed tube into the mixture. Then, leaving the blender running, add the slurry to the sauce, and pour the olive oil in a slow thin stream.nHeat the oil in the deepfryer to 375 degrees F, or as directed by the manufacturers instructions for similar foods.nSeason the flour with salt and pepper and dredge the chicken strips, allowing any excess flour to fall away. Deepfry the chicken and drain on paper towels.nServe with sweet and sour sauce., ingredients: [1 fresh lime, 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 red chile pepper, stem and seeds removed and diced, 2 large cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and quartered, 1 teaspoon peeled fresh ginger root, diced small, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 liter canola oil, or enough as needed to deep fry, 1 cup rice flour or allpurpose flour or enough as needed for dredging, Salt and freshly round black pepper, 1 pound boneless chicken breasts cut into chickenfingersized strips], title: Ginger Sweet and Sour Chicken, picturelink: null}, 26812: {instructions: Cook the pasta al dente according to package directions, then drain in a colander.nMeanwhile, toast the walnuts in a small dry skillet over mediumhigh heat until fragrant, stirring frequently, 3 to 5 minutes.nIn the pot the pasta was cooked in, heat the olive oil over low heat, add the garlic stirring until soft and fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes be careful not to burn it. Return the pasta to the pot, add the broth, all but 2 tablespoons of the walnuts, the parsley, salt and pepper and toss to combine, cooking over low heat for 1 to 2 minutes. Add 12 cup Parmesan and toss to combine. Arrange 12 cup of arugula leaves on each of 4 serving plates. Top each with about 2 cups of pasta. Sprinkle with remaining cheese, the reserved walnuts and more parsley. Serve hot.nExcellent source of: Protein, Fiber, Vitamin A, Vitamin C, Vitamin K, Iron, ManganesenGood source of: Folate, Copper, Magnesium, Calcium, ingredients: [12 ounces 34 box wholewheat fettucine, 23 cup chopped toasted walnuts, 2 tablespoons reserved for garnish, 14 cup olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 12 cup chopped parsley leaves, plus more for garnish, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 ounce grated Parmesan about 34 cup, 2 cups arugula leaves, gently packed], title: Fettuccini with Walnuts and Parsley, picturelink: null}, 26813: {instructions: Fill glass with halfandhalf. Top with chocolate syrup and fill with seltzer., ingredients: [14 cup halfandhalf, 3 tablespoons chocolate syrup, Seltzer], title: Egg Cream, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 26814: {instructions: In a cast iron pot, combine beans, brown sugar, molasses, Rib Seasoning, Barbecue Sauce, and liquid smoke. Cook on the grill, stirring occasionally, until a hardened crust forms on top of beans, about 20 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, combine sugar, salt, paprika, red pepper, cumin, and ground celery. Store in an airtight jar at room temperature for up to 3 months. Yield: about 2 cupsnIn a small bowl, combine sugar, salt, celery seed, cumin, red pepper, garlic powder, and chili powder. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine ketchup, vinegar, liquid smoke, and lemon juice. Add dry ingredients and mix until very well blended. Serve warm or at room temperature. Sauce may be stored in an airtight container in refrigerator for up to 3 weeks or in freezer for up to 6 months. Yield: about 3 quarts, ingredients: [2 55ounce cans baked beans, 12 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup molasses, 3 tablespoons Rib Seasoning, recipe follows, 34 cup BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon liquid smoke, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup salt, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground celery seed, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup salt, 2 tablespoons celery seed, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons ground red pepper, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 quarts ketchup, 2 cups apple vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons liquid smoke, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: BBQ Beans, picturelink: null}, 26815: {instructions: Preheat a large skillet over medium high heat. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason chops with salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil to hot skillet then add the chops and sear to caramelize the meat on each side, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer chops to a pan or casserole dish and add 12 cup chicken stock to help the meat remain moist while it finishes cooking u00bf just eyeball the amount. Loosely cover the dish or pan with foil before placing in the oven. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes as you make the stuffing.nReturn pan to the stove and add another tablespoon extravirgin olive oil. Add Italian sausage and crumble it as it browns. Add celery and onions and cook 2 or 3 minutes then add red bell pepper and apricots. Cook 2 minutes, then add parsley and sage and another 12 cup of chicken stock. Reduce heat and cook stuffing 5 or 6 minutes longer until apricots are tender and plump. Add a splash of chicken stock and 14 cup heavy cream to moisten stuffing.nTo serve, remove chops from oven. Place 4 chops on individual plates or on a platter. Mound sausage and vegetables on first chop, then top with second chop and pour gravy down over the top of stacked chops and filling. The pan drippings may also be added to the gravy to stretch the amount., ingredients: [8 thinly cut boneless pork loin chops, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, divided, 1 cup chicken stock, divided, plus a splash, 1 pound Italian bulk sausage, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 12 red bell pepper, chopped, 6 dried apricots, chopped, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped sage leaves or 1 teaspoon dried sage, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Stuffed Pork Chops with Sausage and Apricots, picturelink: null}, 26816: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine brown sugar, pumpkin puree, eggs, oil, and cider. Add dry ingredients to pumpkin mixture and mix until moistened. Add raisins and walnuts and mix thoroughly. Divide the batter into 2 portions and pour into 2 greased loaf pans. Place in oven and bake for 50 minutes. Cool in pans on a rack until room temperature. Remove from pans and serve.nNote: A viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups brown sugar, 2 cups pumpkin puree, 2 eggs, 1 cup oil, 1 cup apple cider, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup raisins, 1 cup walnuts], title: Cider Pumpkin Bread with Raisins and Walnuts, picturelink: null}, 26817: {instructions: Special equipment: 3inch crinkle round cutter Smooth griddle or castiron frying pannRub the butter into the flour as you would if making biscuits, then stir in the sugar, spice, and dried fruit. Add the egg to make a soft but not sticky dough. Form a disc, cover with plastic wrap, and leave in the refrigerator for a minimum of 20 minutes.nRoll out on a floured surface to a thickness of about 14 inch, and cut out your little cakes you will need to reroll and so forth but that shouldnt be problematic. Preheat your unoiled griddle or castiron frying pan and cook the cakes for about 3 minutes each side, until golden brown. Remove to a cold plate and sprinkle with sugar., ingredients: [12 cup cold unsalted butter, diced, 1 23 cup selfrising cake flour, 14 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, Scant 12 cup golden raisins, 1 large egg, beaten, 3 inch crinkle round cutter, Smooth griddle or castiron frying pan], title: Welshcakes, picturelink: null}, 26818: {instructions: Place the beans in a stockpot with the water, garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons of the oil, and 1 teaspoon of the salt. Bring to a boil and simmer, uncovered, for 1 hour, or until the water has been absorbed. Transfer the beans and garlic to the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade and puree them.nWhile the beans are simmering, heat 6 tablespoons of the olive oil in a medium skillet. Add the onions and potatoes and cook over mediumlow heat for 12 to 15 minutes, until the onions are golden and the potato tender. Stir in the tomato paste and pepper flakes. Season with black pepper and 1 teaspoon of the salt.nLightly grease a 10inch pie plate. Sprinkle it with bread crumbs. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTransfer the pureed beans to a bowl. Stir in the Parmesan cheese, the remaining 12 teaspoon salt, and the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Beat in the eggs. Scrape the mixture into the pie plate, smoothing the surface with a spatula.nCover the beans with the onion and potato mixture, spreading it evenly over the top. Bake the pie for 35 to 40 minutes, until puffed and golden. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with the minced parsley. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups dried navy beans, 5 cups water, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 9 tablespoons olive oil, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 2 medium onions, peeled and thinly sliced, 12 pound russet potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fine dry bread crumbs, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon minced parsley], title: White Bean and Potato Pie, picturelink: null}, 26819: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: The Top Six Wine Varietals, picturelink: null}, 26820: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium heat and cook parsley for a few minutes. Add carrots and stir to coat with butter and parsley. Season with salt and pepper and add soda. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat simmer until the soda is reduced by half., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley leaves, 1 pound baby cut carrots, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12ounce can lemonlime soda recommended: Sprite], title: Vichy Carrots, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 26821: {instructions: For the turmeric paste: Whisk together the turmeric powder with 1 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook the mixture until it begins to thicken and form a thick, dry paste, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the coconut oil and 14 teaspoon pepper. Set aside.nFor the latte: Combine the coconut milk, cinnamon stick, ginger, honey if using and 1 tablespoon turmeric paste in a medium saucepan. Let the remaining turmeric paste cool completely, then store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. Bring the mixture to a slow simmer over medium heat for about 5 minutes to allow the ingredients to steep. Remove from the heat and strain, then serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup turmeric powder, 3 tablespoons coconut oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups coconut milk, 1 cinnamon stick, 1inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced into thin coins, Honey, to taste optional], title: Turmeric Latte, picturelink: LSY4pX4RAqvrazQe432wHQZ2HFE7de}, 26822: {instructions: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix flour, butter, cream, vanilla, and salt until smooth. Flatten dough into 2 equal disks, and wrap in plastic. Chill until firm, 2 to 3 hours.nArrange rack in middle of oven. Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Line 3 baking sheets with silpat baking mats or parchment paper.nOn a wellsugared surface, roll out dough, one half at a time, to a 18inch thickness, continuously sprinkling sugar over the dough while rolling. Using a 2inch heartshaped cutter, cut out 72 heart shapes. Place 24 cookies on each baking sheet. Chill all cookies until firm, about 10 minutes.nBake cookies, 1 sheet at a time, until light golden brown, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool.nIn a small bowl, stir jelly until smooth. Place jelly in a small pastry bag fitted with a 11 plain round tip, and pipe 12 teaspoon per cookie on half of the cookies. Place remaining cookies on top to form sandwiches., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 13 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pinch salt, 1 14 cups pink sanding sugar, for rolling, 34 cup redcurrant jelly], title: Cream Heart Cookies, picturelink: null}, 26823: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a bowl and set aside to allow flavors to develop., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced canned chipotle chilies, 1 tablespoon minced garlic], title: Chipotle Aioli, picturelink: null}, 26824: {instructions: Slice the portobellos into 3 pieces each, grill and keep warm. Heat garlic in 1 ounce olive oil. Add beans and season with salt and pepper. In a separate pan, heat the olive oil and saute the chard. Season and grill the tomatoes, reserve warm. Set rice in the center of the plate. Top with mushroom, red tomato, chard, portobello, yellow tomato, chard, portobello. Surround with the beans and top with Parmesan., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 4 large portobello mushrooms, 1 red tomato, sliced, 1 yellow tomato, sliced, 1 pound Swiss chard or spinach, blanched and sqeezed of excess water, 12 pound white beans, cooked and unsalted, 12 pound brown rice, cooked pilaf style, Salt and pepper, 2 ounces Parmesan, shaved, 12 teaspoon garlic, chopped], title: Portobello Napoleon, picturelink: null}, 26825: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nHeat the canola oil in a 5 quart nonstick saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic. Saute until soft, then add the bell peppers and chili powder. Cook until well blended, about 30 seconds. Add the black beans. Cook until warmed through, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes. Bring to a simmer and reduce heat. Cook until the chili thickens, about 15 minutes.nWhile the chili is simmering, in a medium saucepan, cover the hot dogs in water. Over medium heat, bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer. Cook for 4 minutes or until heated through.nRemove 1 hot dog from the saucepan and place on 1 bun half. Top with 14 of the chili and 14 of the cheese. Repeat for remaining 3 hot dogs. Place hot dogs in the broiler for about 1 minute, or until cheese begins to melt. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 small onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 14ounce can black beans, 2 tomatoes, diced, 4 lowfat turkey dogs, 2 hot dog buns, separated to make 4 halves, 12 cup shredded lowfat Cheddar cheese], title: Open Face Chili Dogs, picturelink: null}, 26826: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a slow cooker, combine broth, tomatoes, beans, carrots, celery, onion, thyme, sage, bay leaves, and 12 teaspoon each salt and black pepper. Cover and cook on LOW for 6 to 8 hours or on HIGH for 3 to 4 hours.nThirty minutes before the soup is done cooking, add ditalini, zucchini and spinach. Cover and cook 30 more minutes. Remove bay leaves and season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Ladle soup into bowls and sprinkle parmesan cheese over top. Garnish with basil, if desired., ingredients: [3 cups reducedsodium vegetable or chicken broth, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 15ounce can white cannellini or navy beans, drained, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 1 cup onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 2 bay leaves, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 cups cooked ditalini pasta, 1 medium zucchini, chopped, 2 cups coarsely chopped fresh or frozen spinach, defrosted, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan or Romano cheese, Basil sprigs, garnish, optional], title: Minestrone Soup with Pasta, Beans and Vegetables, picturelink: 63mRDCBWoGghl5szX78wsvYz221dyMO}, 26827: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 375 degrees.n2. In mixing bowl, combine beef, panko, 23 cup of the Katsu sauce, onion, green onion and eggs, mixing with a fork until well blended.n3. Shape into a loaf and place in 9inch loaf pan.n4. Bake 1 hour, basting occasionally with remaining 2 tablespoons Katsu sauce., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 2 eggs, 1 small onion, chopped, 23 cup plus 2 tablespoons Kikkoman Katsu Sauce, divided, 1 green onion, roughly chopped, 2 cups Kikkoman Panko Bread Crumbs], title: Best Meatloaf, picturelink: HUJxkepeaamW8gFM719sfFTw337vns2}, 26828: {instructions: Heat beef stock, water and butter to a full boil. Add rice, reduce heat and cover pot. Cook 20nminutes, until tender and liquids are absorbed.nHeat a large, deep skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and beef and season with salt and pepper. Brown meat, 2 or 3 minutes. Add onion, garlic, bell pepper, Worcestershire. Cook together 5 to 7 minutes, until veggies are just tender. Add tomato sauce, cloves, cumin and parsley. Bring mixture up to a bubble and reduce heat to low.nCombine cooked rice with meat mixture and serve with Spicy Chopped Salad wit and Taco Dressing, recipe follows. Reserve 12 of the beef and rice and freeze for stuffed peppers for another meal. Recipe follows.n Please note: You can also choose to make the stuffed peppers in their entirety, then freeze and microwave when ready to serve for 12 to 15 minutes on high. Reheat with loose plastic over the dish to keep the peppers from splattering. If you do not have a carousel microwave, rotate peppers once during the reheating of your peppers.nStuffed Peppers with Beef, Rice, Spinach and CheesenPreheat a griddle or grill pan. Seed chile peppers. Drizzle peppers with a little oil and grill over medium high to high heat 3 or 4 minutes on each side, until tender. Transfer peppers to a broiler pan or baking sheet, hollow side up.nPlace a small skillet on the stove top and add 1 tablespoon, 1 turn of the pan, olive oil and a crushed clove of garlic. Heat over medium flame and add spinach in bunches until it is all wilted and is giving off liquid. Season greens with salt and pepper. Remove spinach and drain. Set aside.nPreheat broiler to high.nDefrost beef and rice in microwave oven. Combine 12 cup broth and defrosted rice in the skillet you cooked the spinach in and reheat over medium flame. Add 1 cup tomato sauce and heat through.nPile spinach and hot beef and tomato rice into peppers, mounding them up in the center of each pepper. Top liberally with grated cheese and melt cheese under broiler 3 to 5 minutes, then serve.nYield: 4 servingsnPreparation time: 10 minutesnCooking time: 15 to 20 minutesnEase of preparation: easynSpicy Chopped Salad with TortillasnCombine salad ingredients in a bowl, toss with tortilla chip pieces. In a second bowl, combine taco sauce, lime juice, cilantro or parsley. Whisk in olive oil in a slow stream until dressing is combined. Toss salad with dressing to combine and coat ingredients evenly, then serve.nYield: 4 servingsnPreparation time: 10 minutesnCooking time: nonenEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [2 cups beef stock, 1 34 cups water, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups white enriched rice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 23 pounds ground sirloin, Salt and pepper, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups tomato sauce, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 13 palmful, twice, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, a couple of handfuls, Spicy Chopped Salad with Tortillas, recipe follows, 4 long, mild to medium chile peppers, such as moderate heat poblano or mild Italian cubanelle, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling, 1 clove garlic, cracked, 10 ounces triple washed spinach, stems removed and coarsely chopped, Salt and pepper, 12 cup beef broth or chicken broth, 3 cups leftover Spanish style beef and rice, 1 cup tomato sauce, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack, smoked cheddar or pepper jack cheese, 2 hears romaine lettuce, chopped, 3 tablespoons canned or jarred sliced jalapenos, drained, 3 tablespoons salad olives, Manzanilla with pimento, drained, 1 vine ripe tomato, seeded and chopped, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 cup broken tortilla chips, any variety, 2 tablespoons taco sauce, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro or flatleaf parsley, 14 cup olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and pepper], title: Spanish Style Beef and Rice, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 26829: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Pierce the sweet potato a few times with a fork and microwave until soft, 7 to 10 minutes. Let cool slightly, then remove the skin and mash the flesh with a fork set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork, chile powder and 1 teaspoon salt and cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic, sweet potato and scallions and cook, stirring, 2 more minutes. Add the cilantro and season with salt. Transfer the mixture to a bowl.nWipe out the skillet add 12 tablespoon butter and melt over mediumhigh heat. Add a tortilla, spread onequarter of the pork mixture on one half and top with 12 cup cheese. Fold the tortilla over the filling and cook until the quesadilla is golden, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a baking sheet and place in the oven to keep warm. Repeat to make 3 more quesadillas. Cut into wedges and serve with pickled jalapenos and sour cream, if desired.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 medium sweet potato, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 pound ground pork, 1 12 teaspoons ancho chile powder, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 4 burritosize flour tortillas, 2 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend or 1 cup each shredded cheddar and jack cheese, Sliced pickled jalapenos and sour cream, for serving optional], title: PorkSweet Potato Quesadillas, picturelink: ABI6ihurnyuo7wMgM.XfZrVDasXSHeG}, 26830: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. High Altitude 35006500 ft: No change. In medium bowl, mix all ingredients except rolls, ham and Parmesan cheese until well blended. Set aside. If using crescent rolls: Unroll dough separate into 4 rectangles. Firmly press perforations to seal. If using dough sheet: Unroll dough cut into 4 rectangles. Cut each rectangle into 6 2inch squares. Press 1 square in bottom and up side of each of 24 ungreased mini muffin cups. Pat each ham slice dry with paper towel. Place 1 ham slice over dough in each cup edges of ham will be higher than side of cup. Spoon rounded 1 teaspoon spinach mixture onto ham in center of each cup. Bake 14 to 18 minutes or until crust is golden brown and filling is hot. To prevent excessive browning of ham, cover lightly with foil after first 5 minutes of baking. Cool in pan 1 minute. Gently remove from pan let stand 3 minutes. Sprinkle lightly with Parmesan cheese before serving. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 box 9 oz Green Giantu00ae frozen spinach, thawed, squeezed to drain, 13 cup garlicandherbs spreadable cheese, 14 cup shredded mozzarella cheese 1 oz, 14 cup shredded 5cheese or 6cheese Italian cheese blend 1 oz, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano or regular Romano cheese, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot or onion, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese, if desired, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 18 teaspoon salt, if desired, 18 teaspoon pepper, if desired, 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu00bf refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 24 paperthin slices about 4 inch diameter smoked ham from two 9oz packages], title: Ham Florentine MiniCups, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 26831: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel the potatoes and rinse them in cold water. Chop the potatoes in fourths. Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook until fork tender, 20 to 25 minutes.nDrain the potatoes, and then return them to the pan. With the burner on low heat, mash the potatoes with a potato masher the more steam thats released while you mash, the better. Mash for about 5 minutes. Turn off the burner.nAdd the butter, cream cheese, halfandhalf, and seasonings. Stir to combine, and if the mixture needs thinning, add milk. Check the seasonings, adding salt and pepper, to taste.nPour the mashed potatoes into a large casserole pan. Dot the surface with butter. Cover with foil and bake in the oven for 15 minutes. Remove the foil and continue baking for 10 more minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 bag giblets, Turkey drippings, 5 to 6 tablespoons flour, 2 to 4 cups low sodium chicken broth, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Giblet Gravy, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 26832: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place a baking sheet in the oven.nHeat a tablespoon of oil in a small saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the paprika and cook for 30 seconds. Let cool slightly.nCombine the onion mixture, mayonnaise, tomato, hot pepper sauce, and vinegar in a food processor and process until smooth, season with salt and pepper. Scrape the mixture into a bowl, cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nHeat 2inches pure olive oil or canola oil in a large highsided, heavybottomed skillet until it begins to shimmer. Add the potatoes, season with salt and pepper and cook until golden brown on all sides. Remove the potatoes to a paper towellined plate for a moment to drain the excess oil. Carefully remove the hot baking sheet from the oven, put the potatoes on the pan in an even layer and bake until crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove the pan and season the potatoes with a bit more salt. Transfer to a platter and drizzle with some of the aioli and garnish with parsley leaves. Serve hot., ingredients: [Olive oil, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 34 cup prepared mayonnaise, 1 large plum tomato, halved, seeded and roasted until soft, Few dashes hot pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco, Splash aged sherry vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large Russet potatoes, parboiled, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, Flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Patatas Bravas Home Fries with Roasted Tomato Aioli, picturelink: fZynxUTHxXsPej3jyidDmbP2HAoc.G}, 26833: {instructions: Seed and dice the tomato and set aside. Cut the salmon into slivers that are paper thin and almost transparent and set aside. Bring the water to a boil and add the salt. When the water returns to the boil add the pasta and cook for between 4 to 6 minutes or until fully cooked but still with a toothy bite. Drain the pasta but reserve 1 cup of the cooking water. Do not rinse the pasta. Toss the pasta in a bowl with the olive oil, add the tomato, salmon and dill and toss again. The heat of the hot pasta will cook the thin pieces of salmon to a delicate finish. Season with salt and plenty of black pepper. If you a prefer a more liquid sauce, some of the hot pasta water may be added to moisten the dish or some whole butter may be added as well. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup fresh, ripe tomato, 12 pound fresh salmon fillet, all skins and bones removed, 6 quarts water, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 pound fresh pasta sheets, 6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup fresh dill, chopped, Salt and ground black pepper to taste], title: Pasta Rags and Warmed Salmon, picturelink: null}, 26834: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo a blender, add the orange juice, vinegar, chili powder, garlic, salt, cumin, paprika, chiles, adobo sauce, chopped onions and chopped pineapple. Blend until smooth. Pour the marinade into a large resealable bag, and add the pork butt and oregano. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nRemove the pork butt from the marinade and set onto a rack set in a roasting pan. Pour the chicken stock into the bottom of the pan and cover the dish with foil. Roast until an internal thermometer reads 185 degrees F, about 4 hours.nIncrease the oven temperature to 425 degrees F and cook for an additional 20 minutes to caramelize the pork. Remove from the oven and rest for 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Brush the pineapple wedges with vegetable oil, grill 2 to 3 minutes per side, and once cool enough to handle chop into a small dice.nWhen ready to serve, carve the meat into 14 to 12inch slices. Serve the pork in warmed corn tortillas garnish with the remaining finely diced white onion, cilantro, lime wedges, diced grilled pineapple and Roasted Tomatillo Avocado Salsa.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the tomatillos with olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and place on a baking sheet. Roast until nicely charred, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool.nCombine the tomatillos, 14 cup water, cumin, salt, avocado, garlic, jalapenos, onions, lime juice and cilantro in a blender and puree until completely smooth. Place in the refrigerator and allow the sauce to settle before serving., ingredients: [12 cup fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 2 chipotle chiles in adobo, plus 1 teaspoon adobo sauce, 1 white onion, half roughly chopped, half finely diced, 12 pineapple, peeled and cored, half rough chopped, half cut into wedges, One 4pound pork butt, 3 sprigs fresh oregano, 1 cup chicken stock, Vegetable oil, as needed, Corn tortillas, for serving, Fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, to garnish, Grilled lime wedges, to garnish, Roasted Tomatillo Avocado Salsa, recipe follows, 6 medium tomatillos, husked about 8 ounces each, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 ripe avocado, peeled and diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 jalapeno, seeds removed and coarsely chopped, 12 sweet onion, roughly chopped, Juice of 2 limes, 2 cups fresh cilantro leaves], title: Al Pastor Tacos with Roasted Tomatillo Avocado Salsa, picturelink: FrggI2IOJLYDkJS8VPRFg2DKp5hPXLG}, 26835: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 10ounce ramekins, each 2 12 inches tall and 3 12 inches in diameter.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray 4 10ounce ramekins with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside.nFor the filling: In a medium bowl, mix together the pineapple chunks, apricots, cinnamon, arrowroot, and reserved pineapple juice. Divide the mixture equally between the ramekins.nFor the topping: In a food processor, combine the flour, oats, butter, sugar, pecans, and salt. Pulse together until the butter is the size of peas.nSpoon the topping over the filling mixture. Place the ramekins on a small baking sheet and bake until golden and the filling is bubbling, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 20ounce can pineapple chunks in juice, drained and 12 cup juice reserved, 1 cup 6 ounces quartered dried apricots, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon arrowroot, 12 cup flour, 12 cup quickcook oats, 1 stick unsalted butter, chilled, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 13 cup chopped pecans, 14 teaspoon fine salt], title: Apricot and Pineapple Crisps, picturelink: BmRzUyVe.rww7aB4WaIqEqg3gMXHmgy}, 26836: {instructions: Heat a griddle over mediumlow heat.nSpread the butter on the outsides of the split muffins. Divide the cheese among the 4 muffin bottoms. Cover with the muffin tops, buttered sides out.nGriddle the muffins until deeply golden and the cheese glues the top and the bottom together, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Transfer to serving plates and serve hot., ingredients: [12 stick butter, softened, 4 English muffins, split, 12 pound brick extrasharp white Cheddar, sliced recommended: Cabot], title: English Muffin Grilled Cheese Sammies, picturelink: null}, 26837: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine chicken, celery, basil and almonds. In a small bowl, combine sour cream, mayonnaise, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Add to chicken mixture, tossing gently to coat. Cover and chill., ingredients: [4 cups diced cooked chicken, 1 rib minced celery, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup slivered almonds, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Lemon Basil Chicken Salad, picturelink: UZb8tQmcXSPdsd3zfOpag43DzwrmFCG}, 26838: {instructions: For the Soup: Gently sweat the celery, carrot and onion using the pan spray until the onion has softened, keeping a lid on the pot except when stirring. Add oregano, cumin and garlic. Sweat for a few more minutes. Add the stock and simmer 30 minutes. Add tomato products, zucchini, corn, garbanzo beans and adobo paste. Simmer 10 minutes. Unwrap the tamales, place 2 each in 6 large bottom soup bowls. Ladle soup over tamales. Garnish, if desired, with chopped cilantro, crumbled Queso Ranchero, and a squeeze of lime.nCombine masa, salt and stock. In a large mixing bowl, whip softened light butter until fluffy, then incorporate into masa. Spread a 2 12 by 4nch rectangle of masa mixture onto an 8 by 10 inch aluminum foil rectangle. Combine the chicken and salsa, then place 2 tablespoons lengthwise on the masa. Gently fold over the foil lengthwise. Crimp the masa together. Roll up and close first the long side and finally the ends to form a pocket. Steam, covered with toweling for 1 12 hours. Yield: 12 tamales, ingredients: [14 cup celery, diced, 14 cup carrot, diced, 1 cup onion, diced, Olive oil flavored pan spray, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 cup diced tomato with juice, 12 cup tomato puree, 12 cup zucchini, diced, 14 cup corn kernels, 1 cup garbanzo beans, 1 teaspoon adobo paste from canned chipotle peppers, 2 cups masa harina de maiz, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups warm chicken stock, 4 tablespoons light butter, 6 ounces cooked, boneless, skinless smoked turkey, shredded, 14 cup red or green salsa], title: Tamale Soup, picturelink: null}, 26839: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a straightsided baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside.nCut each mini marshmallow in half through the equator. Push a mini chocolate chip, tipside down, in the center of the cut side of each marshmallow.nPlace 2 candies, sidebyside, on each cracker place on the prepared baking sheet and bake until the candies are just slightly softened, 2 minutes. Remove from the oven and press 1 marshmallow half, cutside up, onto the top of each candy. Refrigerate until firm, 10 minutes. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [24 mini marshmallows, 48 mini chocolate chips, 48 round chocolatecaramel candies, 24 shredded wheat crackers or pretzel chips], title: Heres Looking at Boo Treats, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 26840: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a wire rack.nWhisk together the allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium mixing bowl until combined. Whisk together the buttermilk, sour cream, eggs, melted butter, lemon zest and vanilla in another medium bowl or large liquid measuring cup until smooth. Pour the liquid ingredients into the dry and stir gently with a rubber spatula until just combined but still lumpy.nHeat 1 teaspoon of vegetable oil in a heavy nonstick griddle over medium heat. Use a medium ladle to pour about 14 cup of batter onto the griddle. Repeat, making 3 more pancakes. Sprinkle a small handful of blueberries about 7 onto the surface of each pancake. Cook until golden on the underside and large bubbles rise to the surface, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip each pancake and cook until the underside is golden, 3 to 4 minutes more. Transfer the pancakes to the lined baking sheet and keep warm in the oven.nRepeat with the remaining batter. Serve warm with butter and maple syrup., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup wholewheat flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups lowfat buttermilk, 14 cup sour cream, 2 large eggs, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup fresh blueberries, Salted butter, for serving, Pure maple syrup, for serving], title: Blueberry Pancakes, picturelink: RzUghpP7ZlPjmC5bvmA7xSzkKpSivW}, 26841: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 10inch castiron skilletnPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nAdd the cornmeal to a large bowl along with the flour, baking powder, salt, basil, sage and thyme and stir together.nMeasure the buttermilk in a measuring cup, add the whole milk and egg and stir together with a fork. Add the baking soda and stir. Pour the milk mixture into the dry ingredients and stir with a fork until just combined. Do not overmix.nIn a small microwavesafe bowl, melt 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons shortening in the microwave and slowly add to the batter, stirring constantly until combined.nIn a 10inch castiron skillet over high heat, melt the remaining tablespoon of butter and shortening. Pour the batter into the hot skillet, spread to even out the surface and cook over high heat for 1 minute. Then get it into the oven straightaway and bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. The edges should be crispy., ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup whole milk, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 3 tablespoons salted butter, 3 tablespoons shortening], title: Herbed Cornbread, picturelink: XpIgPISpuRLqYW7dfnepTZbCQc6fp1G}, 26842: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil, toss in the shallots, season with salt and bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat. Cook the shallots for 3 to 4 minutes, stirring frequently.nToss the chicken livers into the pan, stir to combine and cook for 2 minutes. Toss in the mushrooms, stir to combine and season with salt. Cook the mushrooms until they are soft and wilted, 4 to 5 minutes.nAdd the wine and cook, stirring frequently, until the mushroom mixture is almost dry. Remove from the heat and let cool.nTransfer the cooled mushroom mixture to a medium bowl, add the goat cheese and chives and mix until it is a homogeneous mixture. Put the mushroom mixture in a disposable piping bag and reserve.nUsing a paring knife or boning knife, make an incision in the thick end of each chicken breast. Insert the knife all the way into the chicken breast and slide it back and forth to create a pocket. Try not to poke the knife through the top or bottom of the chicken.nSqueeze the mushroom filling into each chicken breast.nIn 3 separate wide, shallow containers, set up a standard breading procedure: one container of flour, one with the beaten egg mixture and one with the panko.nSeason the chicken breasts with salt. Using one hand for wet things and one hand for dry things, dredge each chicken breast in the flour. Dip in the egg wash and then pack panko onto each chicken breast. Lay the chicken breasts on a sheet tray and let them rest in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Set up a tray lined with paper towels. Take the chicken breasts out of the refrigerator and let them come to room temperature for 10 to 15 minutes.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat. Work in batches if all the chicken breasts do not fit in the pan at the same time. Cook the chicken until well browned on both sides, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Remove the browned chicken and blot it on the paper towels season with salt immediately. Repeat with the remaining chicken.nWhen all the chicken has been browned and blotted, place the chicken breasts on a wire rack set over a sheet tray and continue to cook for 10 to 15 minutes more in the oven.nFor the sauce: Meanwhile, ditch the fat from the pan and add the wine. Reduce the wine by half. Add half the chicken stock and reduce that by half. Add the remaining chicken stock and reduce that by half also this will take a little time so be patient.nTaste the reduced stock and season with salt if needed. Remove the pan from the heat and swirl in the butter.nPlate the chicken and spoon the pan sauce over the chicken., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 2 chicken livers, finely chopped, 1 pound wild mushrooms, stemmed and finely chopped any kind you like shiitake, oyster or cremini are great, 34 cup dry white wine, 4 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 12 bunch fresh chives, finely chopped, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs beaten with 2 tablespoons water, 1 12 cups panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Crispy Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Mushrooms and Goat Cheese, picturelink: xRzCWdKjtpeJk7aGQsbJpHKmPT72kJu}, 26843: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason the steak with salt and freshly ground black pepper, herbs de Provence, and minced garlic. In a skillet, heat 3 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. Cook steak about 7 minutes per side. Remove the meat from pan and let it rest for 5 minutes. Thinly slice the steak. Set aside.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta, reserving 14 cup of pasta water.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, fresh herbs, and 34 cup olive oil. In a large bowl toss the pasta with half of the salad dressing and the reserved pasta water. Add the arugula and steak, more dressing, and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, as needed. Toss, pack for the picnic, or serve., ingredients: [1 1pound New York strip steak, 1 teaspoon herbs de Provence, 1 garlic clove, minced, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 pound penne pasta, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for steak and pasta water, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for steak, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 cups chopped arugula], title: Penne with Beef and Arugula, picturelink: 98AAX3efRVuED8YUTj6vMPJiA1PlUu}, 26844: {instructions: In a bowl mix the beets, oranges, jicamas, bananas, and pineapple together. In another bowl mix the sugar and vinegar. Toss the fruit with the sugar dressing, then chill throughly.nLine 6 salad plates with the lettuce, fill the center of each with the fruit, and garnish with peanuts, pomegranates and sugar cane., ingredients: [3 medium beets, cooked and chopped, 3 oranges, peeled and sectioned, 2 jicamas, peeled and chopped, 3 bananas, peeled and sliced, 3 slices fresh pineapple, cut into cubes, 13 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons wine vinegar, Lettuce leaves, 12 cup chopped peanuts, Seeds from one pomegranate, 1 stick sugar cane, chopped], title: Ensalada de Noche Buena, picturelink: null}, 26845: {instructions: Fry 1 cup parsley in 14 cup olive oil until crisp. Toss with 1 can drained and rinsed chickpeas, 1 small head radicchio cut into wedges and the juice of 1 lemon season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: ChickpeaRadicchio Salad, picturelink: 24RWFnLFBv6fEp43ze2wnXgTH7ltRy}, 26846: {instructions: In a large pitcher combine the vegetable juice, celery salt, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce, Sriracha and sherry vinegar. Stir well to combine.nAdd some celery salt to a small plate.nRun a lime wedge around the edge of the cocktail glasses and then dip the glasses in the celery salt. Fill the glasses 23 of the way with ice cubes. Add 2 ounces of vodka to each glass and then fill the rest of the way with the Bloody Mary mix. Stir to combine and garnish with celery stalks and olives.nMakes my hangover soooooooooooooooooooooooo much better, ingredients: [1 quart vegetable juice, 3 tablespoons celery salt, plus more for rimming the glass, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 2 teaspoons Sriracha, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Lime wedges, Vodka, Celery stalks, for garnish, Large green olives, for garnish], title: My Favorite Bloody Mary, picturelink: null}, 26847: {instructions: Preheat a grill or Great Grates over medium heat.nScrub and rinse the clams. Keep refrigerated until ready to use.nMelt 3 tablespoons butter in a 1quart saucepan over low heat until it is foamy. Add the garlic and saute, stirring, until it is fragrant but does not color, about 30 seconds. Add the white wine and heavy cream, increase the heat to mediumhigh and reduce by half, about 8 minutes. Add the remaining butter 1 piece at a time, whisking constantly, until the sauce is shiny, emulsified, and thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Add the chives and season with salt and pepper. Keep the sauce warm until ready to serve.nSet up the littleneck clams on the grill or Great Grates or place them directly on the grill. Cook the clams without turning them. As soon as the clams pop open, after 8 to 10 minutes, transfer them carefully with tongs to a platter or plates of rock salt. If you are using a Great Grate, this wont be necessary. Use the tongs to pry off the top shells. Spoon 1 teaspoon sauce over each clam and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds littleneck clams, well scrubbed about 24, 8 tablespoons cold, unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, divided, 4 large garlic cloves, minced about 3 tablespoons, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons minced chives, Kosher or sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Clams with Garlic Butter, picturelink: fbjQo1kcnJVbaAq.sXQCg0s9zSAidxK}, 26848: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 500 degrees F. Pour 2 tablespoons of the oil into a heavy ovenproof pan big enough to hold the carrots in a single layer. Set the pan over high heat and bring the oil to a light smoke. Add the carrots, sprinkle on 1 teaspoon of the salt, and turn the carrots to coat them in the oil. Cook, turning over the carrots occasionally, until theyre browned in spots, 6 to 8 minutes. Pop the pan in the oven and roast, shaking the pan occasionally, until the carrots are evenly tender, 8 to 12 minutes, depending on the size of your carrots. Let the carrots cool slightly. Halve the burrata and arrange the halves on a platter. Arrange the carrots on the platter so theyre pointing this way and that. Add the pesto here and there in little dollops. Pluck enough 2to 3inch delicate sprigs from the reserved carrot tops to make about 1 12 lightly packed cups and toss them in a bowl with the basil. Whisk together the remaining 2 tablespoons of the oil with the lemon juice and a good pinch of salt in a small bowl until the mixture looks creamy. Use a little of the lemon dressing to lightly dress the carrot topbasil mixture, sprinkle on a little more salt, and toss well. Arrange the mixture on top of the carrots and burrata. Drizzle everything with the remaining lemon dressing and serve.nCombine the carrot tops and basil in a small food processor, pulse several times, then add the walnuts, Parmesan, garlic, and salt. Pulse several more times, add the oil, then process fullon, stopping and scraping down the sides of the processor or stirring gently if need be, until the mixture is well combined but still a bit chunky. Taste and season with more salt, if you fancy., ingredients: [20 small carrots the size of pointer fingers, scrubbed well but not peeled, all but 12inch of the tops removed and reserved, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon plus a few pinches of Maldon or another flaky sea salt, 12 pound roomtemperature burrata, drained, About 3 tablespoons Carrot Top Pesto, recipe follows, A fivefinger pinch of basil leaves, torn at the last minute if large, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 4 cups lightly packed delicate carrot tops stems discarded, roughly chopped, A small handful of basil leaves, 12 cup walnut halves, 1 ounce Parmesan cheese, finely grated, 1 medium garlic clove, halved lengthwise, 1 teaspoon Maldon or another flaky sea salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Roasted Carrots with CarrotTop Pesto and Burrata, picturelink: gXCQvPUhb6v0gvxe9VyoecGVBOL3tKe}, 26849: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine a deep 8inch by 10inch baking pan with aluminum foil. Spray lightly with nonstick spray, making sure to coat the sides as well as the bottom.nIn a large bowl, combine egg substitute, milk, cumin, and taco seasoning. Whisk the mixture for 1 minute, until mixed thoroughly.nAdd onion, garlic, and bell pepper, and stir well. Carefully transfer the egg mixture to the baking pan.nTo the pan, evenly add black beans, corn, and green chiles. Sprinkle with cheese.nBake in the oven for 1 hour, until the top has puffed and the center is firm. Allow it to cool slightly before cutting.nCut into four slices. If you like, finish it off with the optional toppings, ingredients: [2 12 cups fatfree liquid egg substitute, 12 cup fatfree milk, 1 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon taco seasoning mix, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 cup chopped red bell pepper, 12 cup canned black beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup canned sweet corn, drained, 14 cup canned diced green chiles, 12 cup shredded reducedfat cheese blend Cheddar and Monterey Jack, Salsa, optional, Fatfree sour cream, optional, Chopped scallions, optional], title: El Ginormo Southwest OvenBaked Omelette, picturelink: iQvb.Hxsydx5WiF0OJleyeo4AkA4RO2}, 26850: {instructions: Place cellophane noodles in a bowl and cover with boiling water. Allow to stand for 4 minutes or until soft drain. Heat the chili oil in a wok or frying pan over high heat. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the lamb and stir fry for 3 minutes or until sealed. Add the snow peas and capsicum and stir fry for 2 minutes. Then add the soy sauce and sweet chili and remove from heat. Toss the stir fry with the noodles, coriander leaves and peanuts. Place onto serving plates and serve with wedges of lime.nCordon Cut Riesling, Clare Valley, Mount Horrocks Vineyard, 1998nOld Vines Grenache Shiraz, Clare Valley, Hill of Content Vineyard, 1997nLindemans Padthaway Chardonnay, 1997nOlmos Reward, Frankland Estate, 1995, ingredients: [6 12 ounces dry cellophane noodles, 1 tablespoon chili oil, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 pound tender lamb strips, 5 ounces snow peas, shredded, 12 red capsicum, sliced, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sweet chili sauce, 14 cup coriander leaves, 12 cup roasted unsalted peanuts, roughly chopped], title: Salad of Lamb, Noodles and Peanuts, picturelink: null}, 26851: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large, deep pot to 350 degrees F.nPat fillets dry with clean paper towels and season, to taste with salt, lemon pepper, and garlic powder. Dust lightly with 1 cup of the dry batter mix. Mix the 2 remaining cups of dry batter mix with the water and add the chopped pecans.nCoat the fillets with the batter and place in the hot vegetable oil. Fry until golden brown, approximately 5 minutes. Set aside on paper towels.nSauce:nIn a saucepan over medium heat, melt butter and add chopped green onions and parsley. Saute for 3 minutes. Add the soups, cheese, and liquid crab boil and continue to cook for 10 minutes. Add crabmeat and cook an additional 5 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nPrepare a bed of sauce on a serving platter and place fish on sauce. Partially cover fillets with sauce. Garnish with pecans and parsley., ingredients: [4 cups vegetable oil, 2 pounds catfish fillets, Salt, Lemon pepper, Garlic powder, 1 cup English style batter mix, plus 2 cups, 1 14 cups water, 1 cup chopped pecans, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, 1 cup chopped green onions, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 8ounce can cream of mushroom soup, 1 8ounce can cream of celery soup, 1 8ounce can cream of chicken soup, 6 slices cheese recommended: Velveeta brand, 1 teaspoon liquid crab boil, 1 pound crabmeat, Salt and pepper, 14 cup pecan halves], title: Des Allemands Catfish Delight, picturelink: null}, 26852: {instructions: Heat the oil to 400 degrees F in a deepfryer. Allow about 1 hour for the oil to come up to temperature and be sure to fry in an open area.nRemove the turkey from the refrigerator and let come up to room temperature. Pat the turkey dry with paper towels. Whisk together the garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, salt, black pepper and cayenne in a small bowl.nSprinkle the turkey generously inside the cavity and out with the spice rub. Use your fingers to separate the skin from the breasts and rub the spice mixture into the meat. Carefully and slowly lower the turkey, legs pointing down, into the deepfryer and fry until a thermometer reads 165 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, about 3 minutes per pound, 42 to 45 minutes.nTransfer the turkey to a baking sheet lined with a wire rack and let rest for 30 minutes before carving. Do not cover with foil while it rests or you will lose the beautiful crispness of the skin. Place on a serving platter and garnish with fresh herbs., ingredients: [4 gallons peanut oil, One 14pound turkey, giblets removed, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, Fresh herbs, for garnish], title: Southern Fried Turkey, picturelink: Hbou4NL78nKb2IRP41Dpao26fJkOhvm}, 26853: {instructions: Whisk the dry ingredients except the sugar. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle, cream the butter with the sugar until slightly fluffy. Slowly beat in the milk.nOn low speed, beat in the dry mixture until combined dough will be sticky. Divide the dough into 4 equal portions, roll each to 14 to 18inch thick between sheets of parchment paper, and freeze until firm, about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line sheet pans with parchment paper.nPut the cookie dough on a floured work surface cut and transfer cookies to the prepared sheets. Reroll and cut the scraps into cookies.nBake the thinner cookies for about 11 minutes, until crisp, and the thicker about 20 minutes. Cool for about 2 minutes, then transfer to a rack to finish cooling., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon dry mustard powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened slightly, 34 cup dark muscavado sugar, 2 tablespoons milk], title: Throwdown Gingerbread Cookies, picturelink: oK6ZFjSZxBUEnsRLKtXqftx68nlSK}, 26854: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Let the turkey sit at room temperature, covered, for 30 minutes to come to temperature before preparing.nZest and juice the lemon, lime and orange. Reserve the juice for another use and set the rinds aside. Mix the butter with the citrus zest and salt and pepper to taste. Rub the seasoned butter all over the turkey, inside and out, as well as under the skin. Put the citrus rinds and leeks into the cavity. Tie up the legs and put the turkey, breastside up, onto the rack in a roasting pan. Pour 2 cups water into the pan and roast, basting with the pan juices every 15 to 20 minutes. Cook until the internal temperature taken from the thickest part of the thigh is 170 degrees F, 15 to 20 minutes per pound. Remove the turkey from the oven and let it rest for 20 minutes before carving. Reserve about 1 12 cups turkey and 12 cup of the pan drippings for another use if desired, such as the Round 2 Recipe Thanksgiving Pie., ingredients: [One 12 to 14pound frozen turkey, thawed, 1 lemon, 1 lime, 1 orange, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 leeks, green parts only], title: Triple Citrus Buttered Turkey, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 26855: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Spray a large baking sheet with nonstick spray and set aside.nCarefully cut turnips and potato into Frenchfryshaped spears using a crinkle cutter if you have one. Place them in a single layer on the baking sheet and sprinkle evenly with salt and pepper. If needed, use another baking sheet sprayed with nonstick spray.nBake in the oven until tender on the inside and crispy on the outside, about 30 minutes, carefully flipping spears about halfway through. The thicker the spears, the longer the bake time.nIn a small nonstick pot on the stove, heat gravy over a low temperature until hot, 1 to 2 minutes.nOnce cool enough to handle, transfer fries to a microwavesafe plate. Evenly top with strips of cheese. Microwave just until cheese has melted, about 30 seconds. Garnish with chives, if you like, and set aside.nGive gravy a stir and serve alongside cheese fries. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 mediumsized turnips about 12 ounces each, scrubbed clean, 1 mediumsized potato about 12 ounces, scrubbed clean, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup jarred fatfree or nearly fatfree chicken gravy, 3 slices fatfree American cheese, torn into strips, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, for optional garnish], title: Turnip the Disco Fries, picturelink: LpvTWtgJp8DmTn9XthL1A7TpOuvu}, 26856: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDivide the zucchini slices evenly among 4 flat plates, overlapping each slice just slightly, like shingles. Brush with the lemon juice and season with salt. Let sit for 5 minutes to marinate and wilt.nMeanwhile, toss the bread cubes with 1 tablespoon of the oil, the oregano, mint and some salt. Toast on a baking sheet in the oven until slightly golden, 10 to 12 minutes.nFor the vinaigrette, simply combine the red wine vinegar with the remaining oil and the garlic and season with salt and pepper.nToss the cherry tomatoes with the bread and about 14 cup of the vinaigrette. Let sit until the croutons start to soften, 5 minutes, then toss in the basil. Divide the tomato panzanella salad on top of the zucchini and garnish with a drizzle of olive oil and more basil. Serve with the remaining vinaigrette on the side., ingredients: [2 zucchini, washed, sliced lengthwise about 6 slices from each, Juice of 2 lemons, Salt, 1 cup cubed dayold bread, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 bunch fresh oregano, chopped, 12 bunch fresh mint, chopped, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, Freshly ground pepper, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, washed, sliced in half, 8 fresh basil leaves, chiffonade, plus more for garnish], title: Summer Zucchini and Tomato Panzanella Salad, picturelink: ycnKe6Hohz0mIfi8nTK0eV.RZU2u2}, 26857: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRoast the salmon on a baking sheet until just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Let cool, and then break apart with a fork.nCombine the scallops, tarragon, mustard, salt and egg whites in a food processor and pulse until smooth. Mix the scallop mixture with the cooled salmon.nDivide the fish mixture into 6 equal portions, about 13 cup each. Unroll a 10 to 12inchlong piece of plastic wrap and place 1 portion of the mixture in the center. Use the plastic wrap to make a casing by folding the plastic wrap over itself and rolling the mixture into a sausage shape.nTwist the ends until the package is tight, and then tie knots or use small zip ties to secure both ends. Repeat with the remaining mixture.nBring 4 inches water to a boil in a large pot. Preheat a grill to high heat.nCarefully drop the pescabrats into the boiling water. Let the water return to a boil, and then boil for 10 minutes. Carefully remove the sausages and let cool completely before unwrapping. I like to put them in the freezer for 30 to 40 minutes before grilling, but as long as they are cool, you can grill away. The brats are edible at this point, but the grill will add some scorchy flavors.nBrush the grill grates with oil. Grill the sausages just until they get grill marks and are warm, 5 to 6 minutes.nServe on the potato buns with malt vinegar, mustard, or mayo. Not ketchup. Thats the only rule., ingredients: [1 pound skinless salmon, cod or other firm flaky fish, 8 ounces sea scallops, 1 tablespoon dried tarragon, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 egg whites, Oil, for brushing grill, 6 potato buns, Malt vinegar, mustard or mayonnaise, for serving], title: Pescabrat, picturelink: uidJjqaJ7.8ENhLjIdppRW0wosg0Dyq}, 26858: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Score the ham with a paring knife through the skin and fat in a tight crosshatch pattern. Place the ham, fatside up, in a large roasting pan. Bake 1 hour, 30 minutes.nMake the glaze: Whisk the apple butter, mustard, brown sugar, vinegar and cloves in a bowl until smooth. After 1 hour, 30 minutes, brush the ham all over with some of the glaze and bake 20 more minutes. Add the apples to the pan, cutside up, and bake, brushing the ham with more of the glaze every 20 minutes, until the ham is crisp and the apples are tender, 1 hour to 1 hour, 30 minutes. Turn the apples cutside down in the last 20 minutes.nTransfer the ham to a cutting board and let rest 15 minutes before carving. Serve with the roasted apples.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 11to15pound whole smoked ham, 34 cup apple butter, 12 cup dijon mustard, 14cup packed light brown sugar, 14cup apple cider vinegar, 14teaspoon ground cloves, 8 small apples, halved], title: Glazed Ham With Roasted Apples, picturelink: TRbJtwH5AXGxMss4.Dm0FfJhO7ViKz2}, 26859: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCut orange in pieces and remove pits. In food processor, put in first 4 ingredients. Blend for 3 to 4 minutes. Sift dry ingredients into a bowl. Mix in chopped dates. Blend again until mixed. Spoon into greased muffin pans. Bake at 400 degrees F for 15 minutes. If using honey, add with first 4 ingredients, if using sugar, add to dry mix., ingredients: [1 whole orange well washed, 12 cup orange juice, 1 egg, 12 cup butter, 1 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 cup honey or white sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chopped dates], title: DateOrange Muffins, picturelink: null}, 26860: {instructions: In a medium bowl, sprinkle the beef with salt and pepper. Add the cornstarch and mix well. Set aside. In another smaller bowl, stir together the ketchup, rice wine, soy sauce, vinegar and chili sauce. Set aside. In a small pan over medium heat, toast the Sichuan peppercorns until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and crush 12 tablespoon of the peppercorns in a mortar and pestle, or in a plastic bag with a rolling pin. Set aside. Leave the remaining peppercorns whole. Heat a wok over high heat and, when wok starts to smoke, add the peanut oil. Add the remaining whole Sichuan peppercorns, dried chiles and fresh chiles and stirfry for a few seconds. Add the beef and stirfry until the beef is brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the reserved sauce and peanuts and cook until the sauce has reduced slightly and is sticky and has a thicker consistency. Add the cilantro and scallions and toss to coat and warm through. Then transfer to a serving plate and garnish with the ground Sichuan peppercorns. Serve immediately., ingredients: [One 1 14pound beef tenderloin, sliced into 12inch thick strips, Sea salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Chinkiang black rice vinegar or balsamic vinegar, 2 heaping teaspoons Guilin chili sauce, 1 12 tablespoons Sichuan peppercorns, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 5 whole dried Thai chiles, 2 small red Fresno peppers or 1 serrano chile, bruised and cut into 1 12inch pieces, 12 cup dry roasted peanuts, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro stems and leaves, 2 scallions, cut into 2inch pieces], title: Kung Pao Beef, picturelink: null}, 26861: {instructions: To make the Snapper: Have your fish monger clean and scale the red snapper, making sure gills and fins have been removed.nIn a plastic bag, marinate the fish in olive oil and your fresh herb of choice cilantro matches well with the jicama slaw for 2 hours in the refrigerator. Cut the lemon into small wedges and stuff them into the cavity of the fish.nWhile the fish is marinating, make the Slaw: Julienne the jicama and the carrot. Mix in the scallion and cilantro. Combine the rice wine vinegar, fresh lime juice, sugar, and chili paste, if using, in a small bowl to dissolve the sugar and then toss with the vegetables. Place the slaw in the refrigerator and chill.nTo grill the snapper: Place the marinated fish into a grilling basket, making sure to wipe off any excess marinade which can cause the fire to flare up. Use a high heat, and grill fish for about 10 minutes per inch of thickness at its thickest point. Make sure you only turn the fish once. If you dont have a grilling basket, try wrapping the fish in a banana leaf, it will help prevent the fish from falling apart, while allowing the flavor of the grill to penetrate the snapper.nTo bake the fish: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTransfer the marinated fish to a large, wellgreased oval ceramic casserole or roasting dish. A large oval saute pan also works well. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes per inch of thickness at the thickest part. The fish is done when the thickest part has a moist and juicy appearance. Do not cook until flaky, this means the fish is overdone and will taste dry. Check the readiness of the fish by gently lifting the fillet away from the bone along the dorsal fin near the head. An instant thermometer can also tell you when the fish is done. It should read approximately140 degrees F.nTo serve, spread the jicama slaw onto a large oval serving dish, and place the grilled fish on top for a wonderful looking and tasting dish., ingredients: [1 2 12 to 3pound whole red snapper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 heaping tablespoon chopped cilantro, marjoram or thyme leaves, 1 small lemon, 1 medium sized jicama, 1 medium sized carrot, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Chopped cilantro, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 18 cup fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, Thai chile paste, to taste, optional], title: Whole Grilled Red Snapper with Jicama Slaw, picturelink: null}, 26862: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nOn a cutting board, dice cucumber into 14inch pieces  to peel or not to peel is up to you. Seed and dice the tomatoes into 14inch pieces. Combine the cucumber, tomatoes and half of the shallots or red onion in bowl and reserve.nIn a small bowl, whisk together mustard, sugar, and white wine vinegar and remaining half of the shallots. Stream in extravirgin olive oil while continuing to whisk. Stir in dill and season dressing with salt and pepper, to taste.nSeason the salmon with seafood seasoning and a little black pepper. Heat a nonstick skillet with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Place salmon rounded side down and cook until golden and a little crispy at edges, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook 2 minutes more for a pink center, 4 minutes for opaque fish.nTransfer salmon to dinner or serving plates, top with the cucumbertomato relish and cover with a liberal amount of dill dressing., ingredients: [12 seedless cucumber, 2 small plum tomatoes, 1 shallot or 14 red onion, finely chopped, divided, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus a drizzle, 14 cup finely chopped fresh dill, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 6ounce skinless salmon fillets, Seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay], title: WellDressed Salmon, picturelink: I6kvDX0LTYeN0DoG0k3orINDVS4wD6K}, 26863: {instructions: With the tip of a small, sharp knife, cut many slits in the skin of the lamb. Insert the garlic slivers into the slits. In a small bowl, combine the olive oil, lemon juice, oregano, salt, rosemary, and pepper. Brush the lamb generously with this mixture. Place the lamb in a shallow roasting pan. Cover and refrigerate for 24 hours. Cover the remaining basting mixture and set aside.nUncover lamb and bring to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Roast the lamb for 1 hour. Drain off any fat that has accumulated in the bottom of the pan. Pour the hot water into the pan. Continue to roast the lamb, basting every 20 minutes, first with the remaining basting sauce, then with the juices that accumulate in the pan. Allow 20 minutes per pound for total roasting time, or until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the lamb, with out touching fat or bone, registers 140 degrees for rare, 160 degrees for medium, and 170 degrees for well done. Remove lamb from the oven and set aside, lightly covered for about 20 minutes before carving. Skim the fat from the juices in the pan and strain through a fine sieve.nIn a skillet heat olive oil over moderate heat and saute shallots until tender. Add wine and simmer until reduced by half. Add the strained pan juices and chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the half of the butter and flour mixture and simmer until thickened. If necessary whisk in remaining butter and flour mixture. Taste sauce and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 6 to 9pound leg of lamb, marinated for 24 hours recipe below, 4 large garlic cloves, cut into slivers, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, or 2 teaspoons dried oregano leaves crumbled, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons fresh rosemary, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup hot water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 shallots, finely chopped, 1 cup red wine, 12 cup rich chicken stock, 2 tablespoons flour mixed with 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: OvenRoasted Leg of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 26864: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the cream cheese, mayonnaise, Worcestershire, lemon juice, sherry, crab boil seasoning, salt, and pepper. Fold in the crabmeat and chives. Top with additional chives., ingredients: [One 12ounce container whipped cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 teaspoons dry sherry, 14 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground pepper, One 6ounce can crabmeat, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, plus more for garnish, Red and green bell peppers, squared bottoms, Purple cabbage, ruffled leaves and hollowed out, Radicchio, ruffled leaves and hollowed out, Green cabbage, ruffled leaves and hollowed out, Mini carrots, Icicle radishes, Treviso leaves, Cucumber spears, Cherry tomatoes and green cocktail olives each on sticks, Focaccia strips, Bread sticks bakery, Bagel chips, for salmon dip], title: Crab and Cream Cheese Dip, picturelink: lKMgv.SswtKZegu0t7WpW6ZF0y9icZW}, 26865: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine two baking sheets with parchment paper. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the flour, salt, cayenne, and baking soda. In a large bowl, stir the butter, granulated sugar, and brown sugar until creamy. Stir in the peanut butter, egg, and vanilla. Add the flour mixture to the peanut butter mixture and stir to combine. Stir in the peanuts.nScoop the dough into 2tablespoon balls and place on the prepared sheets at least 2 inches apart. Using a fork dipped in sugar, gently press a crisscross pattern in the top of each cookie, flattening it out to a 2inch circle.nBake until the cookies are light brown around the edges and on the bottom, 12 to 14 minutes, rotating the sheets halfway through. Let the cookies cool for 5 minutes on the sheets on racks, then move them to the racks to cool completely. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 2 days or in the freezer for 1 month., ingredients: [1 14 cups 5 58 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup granulated sugar, plus more for pressing, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup natural, unsweetened peanut butter, stirred well, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup 3 34 ounces roasted, salted peanuts, coarsely chopped], title: Crunchy Peanut Pepper Cookies, picturelink: L7ivG2c62fIIYezaG1tIMPgoaXI7svG}, 26866: {instructions: Blend red, green or blueblack grapes in a food processor until a smooth, frothy liquid forms. With a plastic spatula, press mixture through a fine strainer into a mixing bowl. Discard skins and skim foam off the top. Whisk sugar into juice until dissolved. Add a few drops of red, green or purple food coloring if desired.nTo make juice pops, fill molds or 5ounce paper cups with juice, spooning most of the foam off the top. If using cups, cover each cup with foil and insert a wooden stick in the center of the foil. If adding grapes to pops, place approximately 14 cup halved grapes into each mold. Pour juice into molds, spooning most of the foam off the top. Place molds or cups in freezer and chill until frozen. To remove bars from cups, take off foil and tear away paper.nNutritional Stats: 136 Calories 1 g Protein 1 g Fat 34 g Carbohydrates 0 mg Cholesterol 2 g Fiber 4 mg Sodium, ingredients: [4 12 cups California red, green or blueblackseedless grapes, 2 teaspoons granulated sugar, food coloring optional, 2 cups California red or blueblackseedless grapes, halved optional], title: Fresh Grape Pops, picturelink: 26eF91k0CbNL3oBrLg0DW0YQC7DNKsW}, 26867: {instructions: Place 2 small scoops creole cream cheese ice cream in a tall glass. Slowly pour the framboise lambic beer into the glass until the foam rises to the top. Serve with straws and spoons, ingredients: [2 small scoops creole cream cheese ice cream, 12 glass framboise lambic beer], title: Framboise and Creole Cream Cheese Ice Cream Float, picturelink: alYN7uHgrtm29G6WkIu8Bb3oPTORe}, 26868: {instructions: Fill a shaker with ice cubes. Add the vodka, coffee liqueur and melted vanilla ice cream. Shake and strain into a chilled rocks glass filled with ice cubes., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vodka, 34 ounce coffee liqueur, 1 12 tablespoons melted vanilla ice cream], title: Melted Ice Cream White Russian, picturelink: TcNkqwoyoQxOveqSY1Ji6FxF4cgzWj6}, 26869: {instructions: Warm the canola oil and butter in large saute pan over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and cook slowly, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes, or until the mushrooms release their juices. Continue cooking until all their moisture evaporates.nAdd the shallots and cook for 3 minutes. Strip the leaves from the thyme sprigs and add to the pan discard the stems. Season with the salt and pepper. Remove from heat.nPlace the potatoes in a large bowl. Drizzle with the olive oil and toss until well coated.nPlace 2 medium nonstick saute pans over medium heat. Place 1 potato slice in the center of each pan. Use onequarter of the potatoes per pan, carefully form circles of slightly overlapping potato slices around the center slices, letting them fall slightly over the edge of the pan. Season with salt and pepper. Cook for 4 minutes. If any gaps form between the slices, patch with slices cut to fit the gap.nPlace 14 of the mushroom mixture in the center of each galette and evenly spread it out to cover the potatoes. As the potatoes become soft and flexible, begin folding them inward so that they slightly enclose the mushrooms and form a perfect diskshaped galette. Cook for 25 minutes, turning occasionally so that the potatoes do not burn or become to brown.nServe once the galette is crisp and holds its shape, warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 teaspoon canola oil, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 4 cups sliced mushrooms, 2 small shallots, minced, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large russet potatoes, peeled and sliced lengthwise into paperthin slices, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: PotatoMushroom Galettes, picturelink: null}, 26870: {}, 26871: {instructions: BEAT cream cheese in large bowl with an electric mixer until fluffy. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk until smooth. Stir in lemon juice and vanilla. Pour into baked pie crust.nREFRIGERATE 3 hours or until set. Arrange fruit on top of pie. If coating berries, stir jam or jelly until smooth. Brush berries with jam and serve.nIf using bananas, dip in lemon juice before placing on pie to keep them from turning brown. Do not coat with jam., ingredients: [1 8 oz. pkg. cream cheese, softened, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, or 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Low Fat Sweetened Condensed Milk, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 9inch frozen deepdish pie crust, baked, Fresh fruit blueberries, strawberries, bananas, Smuckersu00ae Seedless Red Raspberry Jam, or Strawberry Jelly optional], title: Fresh Fruit Cream Cheese Pie, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 26872: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry blender and a 3inch biscuit cutter, optionalnFor the strawberries: In a medium bowl, mix the strawberries and granulated sugar. Set aside, covered, for at least 30 minutes and up to 3 hours in order for the sugar and strawberries to a make a sauce. The longer this sits, the juicier the strawberries will become.nFor the shortcakes: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet with cooking spray.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the flour and butter. Using a pastry blender, cut the butter into the flour until it resembles coarse meal. Stir in the baking powder, salt, granulated sugar and baking soda. Make a well in the center and pour in the buttermilk. Mix with a fork until all of the ingredients are incorporated and the dough begins to shape into a ball. The dough will be slightly dry.nSprinkle a work surface with flour, coat your palms and rub some on a rolling pin. Turn out the dough onto the work surface. Knead the dough for 1 to 2 minutes, folding it over onto itself each time. Roll the dough to about 12 inch thick. Flour a 3inch biscuit cutter or the rim of a glass and cut out the biscuits. Reshape the leftover dough into a ball, roll it out again and cut out more biscuits until there is no dough remaining.nPut the biscuits on the prepared baking sheet, brush the tops with the heavy cream and sprinkle with the turbinado sugar. Bake until the tops are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. While the biscuits are still hot, spread some softened butter on top of each one with a pastry brush and let it melt. Spoon some of the strawberries and their sauce on top of each biscuit and serve., ingredients: [Strawberries:, 1 quart strawberries, stemmed and sliced in half, 1 cup granulated sugar, Shortcakes:, Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the baking sheet, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for sprinkling and rolling, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, chilled and cut into cubes, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup buttermilk, 14 cup heavy cream, Turbinado sugar, for sprinkling, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: wZHeZPuA8hogbS6j9IwDEduNp7Vdnm}, 26873: {instructions: Process the onion, GarlicGinger Paste, and tomatoes in a food processor or blender until smooth.nMeanwhile, warm the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once the oil is shimmering, add the cumin seeds. Once theyre done popping, add the oniontomato paste you just made, and saute until it thickens and deepens in color, about 10 minutes.nAdd the ground coriander, garam masala, paprika, and turmeric and saute about 30 seconds. Then add the yogurt, a little at a time so it doesnt curdle. Stir in the lime juice, chickpeas, artichokes, salt, to taste, and water. Cover and simmer 10 minutes. Taste for seasonings and serve garnished with cilantro.nThrow the garlic, ginger, and canola oil in a minifood processor and let it go until it forms a semismooth paste. There will still be tiny little pieces in there, but overall, it should resemble a paste.nSave what you dont use in a small glass jar. It should last in the fridge for 2 to 3 weeks. Its a delicious addition to marinades, pasta sauces, stir fry sauces, slowcooker recipes, gravy etc. We always had a jar of this stuff in our fridge growing up., ingredients: [1 large red onion, chopped about 2 cups, 2 tablespoons GingerGarlic Paste, recipe follows, or 1 clove garlic and 12inch piece ginger, peeled and chopped, 3 large Roma tomatoes, chopped, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon garam masala, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 14 cup yogurt, whisked until smooth, 1 tablespoon lime juice about 12 a lime, 1 14 12ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 14 12ounce can artichoke hearts, drained, rinsed, and halved, Kosher salt, 12 cup water, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish, 12 cup cloves garlic, whole, 12 cup fresh ginger, peeled, 12inch slices, 14 cup canola oil], title: Chickpea and Artichoke Masala, picturelink: l6ElJSo5vwehvZQEeJGr6iHmCvhxODm}, 26874: {instructions: Mix 2 tablespoons roomtemperature Nutella and 34 cup milk in a glass. Quickly stir, then pour in 12 cup seltzer., ingredients: [], title: Nutella Egg Cream, picturelink: qbhM.qJVK3UXlWH6zOwzX.P31anLXWG}, 26875: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush the bag liberally inside and out with the olive oil.nWash the fish well inside and out, then pat dry with paper towels. Season the fish with salt and pepper inside and out. Sprinkle the fish with garlic and rosemary inside and out, then put it in the bag and close tightly. Place the bag on a baking sheet and bake it in the oven for 30 minutes. Remove the sheet from the oven and allow the fish to rest inside the bag for 30 minutes before opening Be careful when you open that the steam does not burn your hand. Serve with lemon wedges on the side, ingredients: [1 plain brown paper bag, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 whole sea bass or red snapper, about 3 12 pounds, gutted and scaled, Salt and pepper to taste, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, Lemon wedges], title: Pesce al Cartoccio Fish in a Paper Bag, picturelink: null}, 26876: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the clams in a large bowl and rinse under cold, running water for 5 to 10 minutes to spit the clams of all sand and grit. Drain and set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine the dark soy, oyster sauce, lime juice, coconut palm sugar and half the black pepper. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan or skillet over high heat. Add the garlic, ginger and the remaining black pepper and cook for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally, to release the flavors, but do not let the garlic brown. Add the clams. Add 12 cup water and cover immediately to let the clams steam open. This will take 3 to 4 minutes. All the clams should be open, remove any that are not. Add the oyster sauce mixture. Stir well. Add the butter, stir well and pour out into a large bowl.nServe immediately with the fresh herbs sprinkled over the top, toasted bread and wedges of fresh lime to squeeze over the clams., ingredients: [5 pounds Manila clams, 14 cup dark soy sauce, 4 teaspoons oyster sauce, 3 limes, juiced, 12 cup grated coconut palm sugar, 3 tablespoons freshly cracked black pepper largest grind on a peppermill, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup chopped garlic, One 4inch piece ginger, peeled and minced, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 ounce fresh cilantro leaves, 1 ounce fresh Thai basil leaves, 1 ounce fresh mint leaves, Toasted sourdough bread, sliced 1inchthick, brushed with olive oil, for serving, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Malaysian Black Pepper Clams, picturelink: YRDn8UCpNB3r1DOY2mqK7jbIdn47IG}, 26877: {instructions: Preheat a grill or a grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nCombine red wine, garlic, oregano, and basil in a medium saucepan. Reduce over high heat until wine is just about evaporated. Add reduced wine mixture to butter. Add Worcestershire sauce and parsley and mix until well combined. Refrigerate butter mixture for 5 minutes to harden slightly. After butter mixture has hardened slightly, spread mixture over waxed paper and roll into a log. Chill. After butter sets in log, cut into 1inch thick medallions to top steak.nMeanwhile, season steak with salt and pepper. Grill to your desired degree of doneness. Remove from the heat and let rest for 5 minutes. Top steak with a medallion of seasoned butter and serve., ingredients: [2 cups red wine, 6 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons dried basil, 1 pound butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 16ounce New York strip steak, Salt and pepper], title: Paul Bunyan Steak, picturelink: null}, 26878: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk soy sauce, lime juice, chile paste, and peanut oil together in a small baking dish. Add the steaks, turn to coat, cover, and let marinate for 30 minutes in the refrigerator. Remove from the refrigerator 15 minutes before grilling.nHeat grill to high. Remove steaks from marinade and pat dry. Season both sides with pepper and grill for 3 minutes per side or until slightly charred and cooked to mediumrare doneness. Remove from the grill, let rest 5 minutes, and slice into 14inch thick slices.nWhile steak is resting, combine all salad ingredients in a large bowl. Toss with half of the dressing and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a platter, top with the steak, and drizzle the remaining dressing over the top.nWhisk ingredients together in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit 10 minutes before using., ingredients: [3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon chili paste with garlic, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 12ounce filet mignons, Freshly ground pepper, 1 head Bibb lettuce, torn into bitesize pieces, 3 cups mizuna leaves, torn into bitesize pieces, 14 cup chiffonade Thai basil or regular basil, optional, 12 English cucumber, halved and cut crosswise into 14inch thick slices, 2 carrots, julienned, 5 radishes, thinly sliced, 8 each yellow and red cherry tomatoes, halved, Ginger Lime Dressing, recipe follows, Salt and ground black pepper, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon finely diced shallot, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Spicy Filet Mignon Salad with GingerLime Dressing, picturelink: XJvFShhF5zH3ZN.H0k8xPagYOgcPW}, 26879: {instructions: Heat a wok or pan over a high heat, and add the groundnut oil. Add the garlic, and chiles, and stirfry for a few seconds. Then, add the prawns, rice wine or sherry, and the lime juice, and stirfry until the prawns start to turn pink.nAdd the French beans, and mix together. When the prawns have all turned pink, season with the salt, and chile flakes, and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons groundnut oil, 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 medium red chile, finely chopped, 7 ounces raw Tiger jumbo shrimp or King prawns langoustines, shelled and deveined, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, Juice of 1 lime, 3 ounces French beans green beans, chopped into 12inch lengths, Pinch sea salt, 1 teaspoon dried chile flakes], title: Zesty Chile Tiger Prawns, picturelink: null}, 26880: {instructions: For the puttanesca sauce: Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat until shimmering. Add the garlic, serrano and anchovy paste and cook, stirring frequently, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the capers and olives and stir around to combine. Add the tomatoes, toss to combine, cover, and cook, shaking occasionally, until the tomatoes are cooked through and softened, about 15 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the white wine and stir to pick up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Add the sliced calamari, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and cook just until opaque, 2 to 3 minutes do not overcook. Add the marjoram and lemon juice and toss to combine. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and the butter and stir until incorporated. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nFor the raviolo: Combine the calamari tentacles, basil, parsley, lemon zest and juice, salt and pepper in a food processor pulse for 5 seconds. Scrape down the sides and pulse for another 5 seconds. With the machine running, add the cream in a steady stream. Transfer to a bowl and fold in the ham hock and Parmesan.nPlace 1 pasta sheet on a work surface. Scoop heaping tablespoons of the filling evenly down the sheet, about 4 inches apart. Using a pastry brush, lightly coat the areas around the filling with egg wash. Lay another pasta sheet on top and press down around each mound of filling to seal and squeeze out air pockets. With a 4inch round cutter, cut into individual raviolos.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the raviolos and cook until almost done, 4 to 5 minutes. Using a spider, transfer the raviolos to the puttanesca sauce along with 1 ounce of the pasta water and finish cooking in the sauce, reducing to the proper consistency, another minute.nAdd two raviolos to each plate and spoon sauce over the top. Garnish with basil, parsley and marjoram., ingredients: [3 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 serrano chile, chopped, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed, 1 cup pitted Kalamata olives, 1 pound cherry tomatoes cut in half, 12 cup white wine, 12 pound calamari, skin on, bodies sliced into 14 inch rings, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh marjoram, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced, Chopped fresh basil, parsley and marjoram, for garnish, 8 ounces squid tentacles from about 5 squid, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh basil, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon lemon zest and juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup cream, 6 ounces smoked ham hock, chopped, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 recipe Chef Annes AllPurpose Pasta Dough with Squid Ink, see recipe, rolled into pasta sheets, Egg wash, 1 egg mixed with 1 teaspoon water], title: Fresh Calamari, California Puttanesca and Ham Hock Raviolo, picturelink: 2dUTmC69ZMsjPdE6dyvTzON0nnCL5K}, 26881: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Put the chicken pieces in a large bowl and cover them with water. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons salt in the water, cover the bowl, and refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight. When you soak the chicken overnight in salt brine, the salt infuses into the meat and makes it so tastynPour oil into an electric frying pan or deep, heavy skillet to a 1inch depth and heat the oil to 375 degrees F. Check the temperature by sprinkling flour over the oil. If the flour sizzles, the oil is hot enough.nDrain the water from the chicken, sprinkle each piece with some salt and pepper, and coat the pieces with flour, shaking off any excess. Carefully place the chicken in the hot oil. Place the cover on the pan, leaving a small opening for steam to escape. Cook for 15 minutes.nRemove the cover and, using tongs, turn each piece of chicken. Replace the cover and cook for 15 minutes more, or until done. Use a sharp, thinbladed knife to check for doneness by slicing a drumstick to the bone. Neither the meat nor the juices should be pink. Drain the chicken on paper towels and keep warm.nFor the gravy: Spoon about 4 tablespoons of oil that the chicken was fried in plus the brown bits into a medium skillet. Over medium heat, sprinkle in the flour and cook while whisking, until the flour is browned, about 1 minute.nSlowly stir in the milk and cook until the gravy thickens, 5 to 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve with the chicken., ingredients: [8 serving pieces chicken, light or dark meat, Salt, 2 cups peanut oil, more if needed, Black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons oil from fried chicken, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Gwens Fried Chicken with Milk Gravy, picturelink: SAnIH9xKFRToqdi0fIVmd9OnV47ye9C}, 26882: {instructions: In a large heavy pot heat olive oil over moderately high heat. Add greens and toss to coat. Add vinegar and sugar, toss to combine, cover, and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes until tender. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to serving dish and top with butter., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 pounds dandelion greens or spinach, trimmed, washed and torn into 1inch pieces, 13 cup white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Wilted Spring Dandelion Greens, picturelink: null}, 26883: {instructions: In a heavybottomed soup pot heat bacon over medium heat. Saute 5 minutes, or until most of fat is rendered. Add onions and garlic saute 5 minutes until onion is tender. Add cabbage and paprika, stirring to mix well, and saute 5 minutes. Add stock and bring to a boil, stirring. Using your hand, squeeze most of juice from tomatoes, cut into coarse chunks and add to pot. When mixture comes to a boil, lower heat to simmering and cook 15 minutes. Add raisins and cook 10 minutes more. Add kielbasa and simmer just until sausage slices are warm, about 3 minutes. Divide soup among 4 soup bowls and sprinkle with parsley., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, diced, 1 onion, halved and thinly sliced, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 3 pounds cabbage, cored, cut into 1inchwide strips and separated, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 8 cups chicken or pork stock, 1 28ounce can whole, peeled tomatoes, 1 cup raisins, 1 12 pounds kielbasa, cut in 13inch slices, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Cabbage Soup with Paprika, Kielbasa and Raisins, picturelink: null}, 26884: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nShave off the top rind of the Brie it is easiest to do this after it has been in the freezer for about 20 minutes. If the Brie came in a wooden box, return it to the original container. If not, create a makeshift box out of a few layers of aluminum foil, leaving the top of the Brie exposed.nPlace the cheese on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until warm and gooey, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool for 20 minutes before serving. Carefully transfer to a serving platter you do not want the rind to puncture, if possible.nWhile the Brie is cooling, make the praline sauce. Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the brown sugar, maple syrup, and pecans. Cook, stirring constantly, until all of the ingredients are well combined, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in coarsely ground black pepper and remove from heat. Allow the mixture to cool for 5 to 10 minutes, until it has thickened up just a bit. Dollop the warm sauce over the baked cheese. There may be extra praline sauce. Serve with assorted crackers., ingredients: [1 16ounce wheel of Brie, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons packed brown sugar, 13 cup pure maple syrup, 1 cup toasted and chopped pecans, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, Crackers, to serve], title: Maple Pecan Baked Brie, picturelink: null}, 26885: {instructions: Saute the chicken breast until done and refrigerate. Dice the chicken breast and out it into a plastic sealable bag with romaine. When you arrive at the desired destination, mix dressing in and serve., ingredients: [1 chicken breast, diced, 1 head romaine lettuce, diced, 12 cup Caesar dressing, homemade or store bought], title: Chicken Caesar in a Bag, picturelink: null}, 26886: {instructions: For the turkey: Heat the oven to 500 degrees F.nRemove the turkey from the refrigerator and let come to room temperature white oven heats, about 30 to 45 minutes. Discard the giblets and reserve neck. Rinse out the turkeys cavity and pat dry with paper towels. Rub the turkey all over with 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil season generously with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Put the sage leaves under skin. Season the cavity with salt and pepper, squeeze 12 of the orange all over the bird and put the other half inside the cavity along with the garlic.nArrange the turkey in a large roasting pan and roast until the skin is golden brown, about 20 to 30 minutes. Put the neck, onions, and apples in a bowl and toss with remaining 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil. Season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nReduce the oven the temperature to 350 degrees F and add the apples, onions and turkey neck to the roasting pan. Baste with pan drippings about every 45 minutes. Roast the turkey until the internal temperature of the inner thigh reaches 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nRemove from the oven to a cutting board and let rest uncovered, at least 30 minutes, while you prepare the gravy. Remove apples and the onions to a serving platter. Carve the turkey and arrange on the serving platter. Serve with the Simple Gravy.nNo Recipe Recipe: Simple Gravy:nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. When it foams, whisk in the flour until smooth. Cook until the flour loses its raw flavor and turns peanut color, about 3 to 5 minutes. Whisk in chicken broth until the mixture is smooth. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low and cook until it becomes a light tan color.nMeanwhile, remove the turkey from roasting pan and set aside to rest. Discard all but 1 tablespoon of the drippings from roasting pan. Put the pan on the stovetop over medium heat. When pan juices are hot, add the sage leaves and fry until fragrant, about 1 minute. Remove the neck bone. Add a big splash of apple juice and scrape up the browned bits at the bottom of the pan.nStrain this liquid into the thickened chicken broth mixture and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Whisk to combine. Bring to a simmer and cook for a few minutes until thick and creamy, about 3 to 5 minutes. Serve with your turkey and sides., ingredients: [1 14 to 15pound fresh turkey, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 fresh sage leaves, 1 orange, halved, 1 head garlic, end trimmed, 2 medium red onions, peeled and quartered, 3 medium Pink Lady, apples, cored and halved, No Recipe Recipe: Simple Gravy, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons butter, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Chicken broth, A few fresh sage leaves, Apple juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nutmeg], title: Apple and Sage Turkey, picturelink: PkNssU45SAwQnBtM6GEcLgqYYAzLlby}, 26887: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Cream butter and sugar. Add egg. Blend in cream and extract. Combine dry ingredients, and add until well blended. Shape into a flattened ball. Wrap in parchment and chill at least 12 hour. Roll out onto lightly floured board until approximately 14 inch thick. Cut into desired shapes. Sprinkle with sugar, and place on parchment covered baking sheet about 2 inches apart. Bake until golden brown., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 34 cup sugar, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon whipping cream, 1 teaspoon pure extract vanilla or lemon, or combo, 1 14 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, Coarse sugar for decorating colored or plain], title: Old Fashioned Sugar Cookies, picturelink: null}, 26888: {instructions: Set an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed quartersheet pan with parchment paper and rub with a light coating of butter.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and baking soda in a medium bowl. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on mediumhigh speed until the cubes have blended together into one large smooth ball. Add the brown and granulated sugars and beat until completely combined, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed, 1 12 to 2 12 minutes. It should have the texture of wet sand. Add the vanilla and eggs and beat until well combined. There might be small pebblesize pieces of butter in the mixture, but that is okay. Add half of the flour mixture and beat on mediumlow speed until just combined. Add the remaining flour mixture and beat until the mixture just comes together. Do not overmix. Add the hazelnuts and dark chocolate chunks and mix on low speed until just combined.nTransfer the cookie dough to the prepared sheet pan and use your hands or a rubber spatula to lightly press the dough in an even layer. Bake, rotating the pan halfway through, until the edges are light golden brown and the top is dry to the touch, 15 to 18 minutes. Place the pan on a cooling rack and cool completely. It is okay if the cookie is slightly underbaked when it comes out of the oven it will continue to cook as it cools. These bars are best when they are nice and gooey in the middle, so it is better to err on the side of underbaking than overbaking.nWhen ready to serve, preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat. Using a bench scraper or a straightsided metal spatula, cut the cookie into 24 bars. Put the pan with the cut bars directly on the grill and cook, covered, until the chocolate is melted and the bars are warmed through, about 5 minutes. Alternatively, the bars can be rewarmed in an oven or removed from the pan and rewarmed in a microwave. Transfer the cookie bars to individual plates and top with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 2 sticks 1 cup salted butter, chilled, cut in to 12inch cubes, plus additional for greasing the pan, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, beaten, 12 cup toasted hazelnuts, lightly crushed See Cooks Note, 2 cups dark chocolate chunks, 2 pints of your favorite vanilla ice cream], title: Chocolate Chunk Hazelnut Cookie Bars, picturelink: AlPqp02JG4Jz7XQ0E5RbmMhvhO.zBti}, 26889: {instructions: Prepare the instant polenta according to directions on box. Mix all other ingredients above the instant polenta. Smooth onto a pan a cookie sheet will work, use a spatula, spread out 1 to 1 12inch layer of polenta. Cool in refrigerator overnight. Cut into 12 to 34inch strips, 3 inches in length. Deep fry until golden, remove, then serve with your choice of hot sauce. To serve: place 4 polenta fries, on 6inch plate, to form a square. Continue to build 4 layers directly on top of each other. In center of square you built with polenta fries place small bowl, fill with Diablo sauce., ingredients: [1 box 13.2 ounces instant polenta, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 12 cup finely diced onion, 18 teaspoon chipotle peppers, pureed in food processor], title: Polenta French Fries, picturelink: null}, 26890: {}, 26891: {instructions: Separately blanch and shock the haricots verts, pearl onions, and cauliflower. Boil beets until fork tender. Layer the vegetables in a 1quart pickling jar. Bring pickling liquid to a boil and reserve 12 cup for vinaigrette, pouring the rest over the blanched vegetables. Let sit overnight or at least 4 hours. Make vinaigrette with 12 cup pickling liquid and olive oil. Toss with greens. Arrange vegetables and crumble with goat cheese., ingredients: [1 cup haricots verts, trimmed, 1 cup pearl onions, peeled, 1 cup cauliflower florets, 1 cup boiled medium sized beets, peeled and quartered, 1 pound micro or baby greens such as cress, beet or pea greens, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces soft goat cheese, crumbled, 1 12 cups cider vinegar, 1 12 cups water, 1 tablespoon whole coriander, 2 teaspoons white peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 34 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 whole garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon whole cloves], title: Pickled Vegetables for Composed Salad, picturelink: null}, 26892: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Slice squash in half and place fleshside down in a baking dish.nAdd 14inch of water. Bake for 40 minutes, or until tender and remove. Rake squash with a fork, creating spaghetti strands. Spoon on sauce, mozzarella, and basil. Place back in oven and bake until cheese begins to bubble. Serve warm, ingredients: [1 spaghetti squash, 4 ounces Mozzarella, 1 jar spaghetti sauce, 2 teaspoons dry basil], title: Spaghetti Squash Bake, picturelink: null}, 26893: {instructions: Special equipment: Eight 10inch wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnOnce your meat and veggies have been prepped let the skewering fun begin Thread a piece of green pepper onto the skewer. Follow it with a cube of beef, then one half of a preserved lemon, a couple of pieces of red onion, another piece of beef, a piece of red pepper and cap it with a mushroom. Repeat the process with the rest of the skewers. Set all of the kabobs into a roasting pan in one layer and set aside.nPlace the remaining ingredients in a medium sized bowl and whisk until well incorporated. Pour the mixture over the kabobs and refrigerate 1 hour.nPreheat an outdoor charcoal or gas grill to high heat. Place the kabobs on the grill and cook 3 minutes per side. Remove and serve immediately or let cool, pack em up and take them on a picnic.nServe with CucumberYogurt Sauce.nCombine all ingredients in a food processor and pulse several times to make a chunky sauce., ingredients: [2 pounds beef tenderloin, trimmed and cubed into 16 pieces, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced large, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced large, 4 preserved lemons, halved see Cooks Note, 8 white mushrooms, wiped clean and stems trimmed, 1 red onion, diced large, 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup olive oil, CucumberYogurt Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup plain yogurt, 12 cucumber, seeded and diced, 1 tablespoon diced onion, 1 lemon, zested, Pinch dried mint, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Middle Eastern Beef Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 26894: {instructions: Whisk the flour, malted milk powder and baking powder in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and beat until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture in 2 batches and beat until just incorporated. Divide the dough between 2 sheets of plastic wrap shape each into a disk. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, 1 hour or overnight.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Working with 1 disk at a time, roll out the dough on a floured surface until 14 inch thick. Cut out cookies with 2 to 3inch cookie cutters arrange about 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Reroll the scraps once and cut out more cookies. Freeze until firm, 5 to 10 minutes.nBake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are golden around the edges, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMake the royal icing: Whisk the confectioners sugar and meringue powder in a large bowl. Add 5 tablespoons water beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until soft glossy peaks form, adding up to 1 more tablespoon water if necessary. Tint as desired with food coloring. Spread or pipe on the cookies. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Let set, 1 hour. Go to page 242 for decorating tips.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 cup malted milk powder not chocolate, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 1pound box confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons meringue powder, Gel food coloring, Sanding sugar, for decorating], title: Malted Sugar Cookies, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 26895: {instructions: Preheat a fryer to 360 degrees F.nCombine balsamic vinegar, olive oil, salt, pepper, and 1 tablespoon parsley. Add steak and marinate for at least 2 hours.nPan sear or grill marinated sirloin over high heat for 45 seconds on both sides and cut into 14inch strips.nFry skinon fries until very crisp. Drain on a paper towellined plate. Toss fries and sirloin together with garlic butter, Parmesan, and remaining chopped parsley.nUsing the back of a fork, blend all ingredients together until evenly distributed., ingredients: [1 ounce balsamic vinegar, 12 ounce olive oil, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, plus 1 tablespoon, 5 ounce sirloin steak, pounded into scallopini can substitute round, London broil, or butt, 10 ounces skinon french fries, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 4 tablespoons Roasted Garlic Butter, recipe follows, 4 ounces butter, room temperature, 1 ounce olive oil, 2 tablespoons pureed roasted garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped basil, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley], title: Steak Frite with SkinonFries and Roasted Garlic Butter, picturelink: null}, 26896: {instructions: Fill a rocks glass with ice and add a slice of orange. Top with equal parts of Campari, vermouth and gin., ingredients: [Ice, Orange slice, 1 part Campari, 1 part sweet vermouth, 1 part gin], title: Negroni, picturelink: HJkZB3LvLr1zu8pEttgFP9Xx.sAqnqO}, 26897: {instructions: Pile 14 cup chopped onion, 1 to 3 chopped serrano chiles, 34 cup torn cilantro and a big pinch of kosher salt on a cutting board. Chop, then mash into a paste with the flat side of a large knife. Transfer to a bowl, add 3 diced avocados and mash with a wooden spoon until combined but still chunky. Stir in 1 medium diced tomato and season with salt. Top with more tomato, cilantro and onion.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Perfect Guacamole, picturelink: dUw8O2wBIuf6Vai7T8aoBmrXirJCUy}, 26898: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, toss the bread cubes, 3 tablespoons of the olive oil and some salt and pepper. Place on a half sheet tray and toast for 20 minutes.nAssemble the salad in a large bowl with the pecans, lettuce, pears and croutons. Pour the remaining 14 cup olive oil, the honey, lemon juice and some salt and pepper in a Mason jar and shake.nPour the dressing over the salad and serve., ingredients: [2 cups 1inch cubes dayold multigrain bread, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup toasted pecans, roughly chopped, 1 head butter lettuce, torn into bitesize pieces, 1 large pear, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons honey, Juice of half a lemon], title: Pear Salad with Honey Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 26899: {instructions: Make the yogurt sauce: Whisk the yogurt, red wine vinegar, dill, mint, cumin and paprika in a medium bowl with a pinch of salt. Taste for seasoning. Stir in the cucumber. Set aside.nToast the almonds: Preheat oven to 350u00b0F. Toss the almonds with olive oil, curry powder, paprika, cumin and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and toast until golden brown, about 58 minutes.nGrill the salmon: Preheat grill. Arrange the salmon filets on a baking sheet. Season the fish on both sides with salt and pepper. Drizzle with the oil. Place the salmon on the medium hot area of the grill and allow to cook until they start to lightly char, 58 minutes. If desired, you can grill the limes as well. Use a metal spatula to gently turn the salmon on their second side. For medium well or well done, cook a few minutes longer.nServe the fish: Remove the fish and transfer to a serving platter. Sprinkle the fish with a squeeze of lime juice and the curried almonds. Serve the yogurt sauce on the side., ingredients: [Yogurt sauce:, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 2 tsp. red wine vinegar, 2 tsp. chopped fresh dill, about 4 sprigs or 1 tsp. dried dill, 1 tbsp. chopped fresh mint, about 2 small sprigs, or 12 tsp. dried mint, 14 tsp. ground cumin, 18 tsp. paprika, Kosher salt, 1 small cucumber, peeled, seeded and cut into small dice, The almonds:, 12 cup Fisheru00ae Sliced Almonds, 1 tsp. extravirgin olive oil, 14 tsp. curry powder, 18 tsp. ground cumin, The salmon:, 2 14 lbs. salmon, cut into 6 oz. portions, 2 tbsp. extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large lime], title: Grilled Salmon with Spiced Almonds, picturelink: jZmZE58kPcZ8uuJV4OnMOdfBsUNqlSO}, 26900: {instructions: Warm Glossy Chocolate Sauce:nIn the top half of a double boiler, combine the 2 chocolates over simmering water. Stir constantly until melted, then whisk in the corn syrup and water. Whisk until smooth and shiny.nCombine all the ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 7 ounces semisweet chocolate, 38 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup hot water, 1 cup vanilla ice cream, 2 tablespoons warm glossy chocolate sauce, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons malt powder, 1 cup chilled heavy cream], title: The Best Chocolate Malted, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 26901: {instructions: Pour garlicinfused vodka and vermouth in a shaker with ice, top with the truffle oil and shake vigorously. Pour into small Up glasses or a Manhattan glass, and garnish with an anchovy fillet thats been rolled into a rosette and speared with a cocktail pick. Keep a mint on hand if youre planning to make out with anyone later., ingredients: [4 ounces vodka, infused overnight with garlic cloves 12 peeled, whole cloves per 750 ml of vodka, Dash of vermouth, 4 to 6 drops truffle oil, Filleted anchovies], title: Umami Elixir Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 26902: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid.nMeanwhile, blend the sundried tomatoes and their oil, garlic, salt and pepper, to taste, and basil in a food processor and blend until the tomatoes are finely chopped. Transfer the tomato mixture to a large bowl. Stir in the Parmesan.nAdd the pasta to the pesto and toss to coat, adding enough reserved cooking liquid to moisten. Season the pasta, to taste, with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [12 ounces penne pasta, 1 8.5ounce jar sundried tomatoes packed in olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Penne with SunDried Tomato Pesto, picturelink: 6kWjJ7k85u6AHsokzuPTcyfZrT4f6Zq}, 26903: {instructions: Thaw the pastry sheets at room temperature for 40 minutes or until theyre easy to handle. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Season the beef with the black pepper.nHeat the oil in a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef and cook for 10 minutes, turning the beef over once during cooking. Remove the beef to a plate. Cover the plate and refrigerate for 1 hour or until the beef is cold.nHeat the butter in a 10inch skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms, shallots and garlic. Season with the black pepper. Cook until the mushrooms are tender, stirring often. Remove the mushroom mixture from the skillet and let cool.nUnfold the pastry sheets on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheets into 2 14inch squares. Trim the edges to form 2 13inch squares. Cut each square into 4 squares, making 8 squares in all.nPlace 1 tablespoon Gorgonzola in the center of each pastry square. Divide the mushroom mixture among the pastry squares. Top each with 1 filet mignon. Fold 2 opposite pastry corners over the beef, overlapping slightly, and press to seal. Brush with the egg. Repeat with the remaining pastry corners.nPlace the Wellingtons seamside down on the prepared baking sheet. Cover and refrigerate the Wellingtons and the remaining egg for 1 hour or overnight.nHeat the oven to 425 degrees F. Brush the Wellingtons with the remaining egg. Bake for 20 minutes or until the pastry is golden and the temperature of the beef is 117 degrees F. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 6 ounces each beef filet mignons about 12inch thick each, Ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces mushrooms, thinly sliced about 3 cups, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 egg, beaten, 1 package 17.3 ounces Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 2 sheets, 12 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese], title: Mini Beef Wellingtons with Mushrooms and Gorgonzola, picturelink: null}, 26904: {instructions: Pound filet mignons with mallet to 18inch thickness. Season with salt and pepper and quickly grill on both sides. Serve with Green Chimichurri Sauce and Argentinean Fries.nAdd salmuera, oregano, parsley, garlic, and olive oil to food processor and pulse about 20 seconds. Add spices and white vinegar and pulse again. Transfer to bowl. Stir in red wine vinegar and fold in roasted peppers.nCut the potatoes into sticks 14 inch wide and about 3 inches long. Dry with paper towels.nHeat oil in saucepan to 350 degrees F. Fry the potatoes in batches until lightly colored but not brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels. Repeat with remaining potatoes.nInto a large bowl, put the parsley and garlic. Transfer to a jar and cover with olive oil.nIncrease oil temperature to 375 degrees F. Fry the potatoes in batches until they are golden brown and crisp, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on fresh paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and toss with some parsleygarlic mixture. Toss and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 8ounce pieces of filet mignon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Green Chimichurri Sauce, recipe follows, Argentinean Fries, recipe follows, 1 cup salmuera 3 teaspoons kosher salt dissolved into 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, 2 bunches fresh flatleaf parsley, 6 garlic cloves, 1 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 2 tablespoons Spanish sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup white vinegar, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 roasted red bell peppers, diced, 1 pound baking potatoes, like russets, peeled, rinsed, and patted dry, 3 to 4 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, 23 cup minced fresh garlic, Olive oil, Sea salt], title: Churrasco, picturelink: null}, 26905: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large pitcher. If using fresh peaches, taste for sweetness and add more syrup, if needed. Refrigerate, covered, 2 hours or up to 2 days. Serve over ice., ingredients: [2 bottles dry white wine, 34 cup brandy, 12 cup triple sec, 34 cup simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water heated until sugar is dissolved, 3 to 4 white peaches, skinned and pureed or 1 cup peach nectar, 3 oranges, sliced into thin rounds, 3 green apples, cored and sliced thin, 2 lemons, sliced into thin rounds, 4 peaches, pitted and sliced thin], title: Bolos Sangria, picturelink: null}, 26906: {instructions: First place chopped shallot and olive oil in a saucepot. Saute the shallot until tender. Add all other ingredients and cook for 20 minutes. Next blend all ingredients in a food processor until smooth. Reserve in a covered container until ready for service., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 chipotle peppers in adobe sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 34 cup tomato paste, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 shallots, 1 14 cups clam juice, 12 cup white wine, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves], title: Chipotle Dijon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26907: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nBring the short ribs to room temperature. Pat the ribs dry, then sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper and drizzle with EVOO. Arrange the ribs on a broiler pan and roast until well browned, 12 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons EVOO in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the anchovies and stir to melt them into the oil. Add the garlic, bay leaves, onions, and fennel bulb, and season with pepper. Stir for a few minutes to develop some color on the bottom of the pan, then add the tomato paste, raisins and cloves. Stir for a minute or 2 more, then add the wine and cook until reduced by half, about 10 minutes.nReduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Add the short ribs to the Dutch oven and stir to coat with the sauce. Cover and roast in the oven until the ribs are very tender, 2 12 to 2 34 hours. Remove the ribs to a platter and cover with foil. Reduce the sauce 10 to 15 minutes more.nReserve 4 short ribs for another meal. Add the remaining ribs on or off the bone to the sauce. Divide among serving dishes and top with the parsley, fennel fronds, a sprinkle of zest and some pecorino. Serve with the bread for mopping up the sauce., ingredients: [10 bonein beef short ribs, trimmed of excess fat, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for drizzling, 3 to 4 anchovy fillets, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 bay leaves, 2 onions, cut into wedges with root end attached, 1 large or 2 medium bulbs fennel, cut into wedges, plus 12 cup fennel fronds, 14 cup tomato paste, Scant palmful chopped golden raisins, Pinch ground cloves, 1 bottle Nero dAvola or other spicy red wine, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, coarsely chopped, Orange or lemon zest or both, for garnish, Shaved pecorino cheese, for garnish, Ciabatta bread, for serving], title: Southern ItalianStyle Short Ribs, picturelink: tpNthQuhxqPHkARnCa6kVetXOHGDTbC}, 26908: {instructions: Bring the rice, milk, apricots, vanilla scrapings and lemon zest to a simmer in a covered heavy saucepan over medium heat. Immediately reduce the heat to as low as possible, cover tightly, and simmer gently, stirring occasionally, until the rice is very tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Turn off the heat. Stir the egg yolks into the cooked rice mixture and stir just until thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the sugar. Spoon the rice pudding into ramekins or dessert cups and let cool. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 2 hours., ingredients: [1 cup raw shortgrain rice such as Arborio, rinsed in a colander until the water runs clear, 4 12 cups milk, 14 cup diced dried apricots, 14 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and soft insides scraped out and reserved, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 4 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar], title: Apricot Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 26909: {instructions: In a large cast iron skillet, over a medium heat, warm the oil. Add the garlic and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Add the almonds, pine nuts, and cashews. Add the Worcestershire sauce, chile powder, and cayenne. Mix well.nStir in the pretzels and cook 3 to 4 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat. Add the raisins and salt. Mix well.nTurn the mixture into a serving dish and cool., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 23 cup unblanched almonds, 23 cup pine nuts, 23 cup unsalted cashews, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons chile powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 13 cups thin pretzel sticks, broken in 1inch pieces, 1 cup seedless raisins, 1 teaspoon sea salt], title: Spicy Nut and Raisin Mix, picturelink: null}, 26910: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 3 12inch circle cutter and a small gingerbread woman or other flatsided cookie cutter a piping bag fitted with a small tip or a resealable plastic bagnPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line 3 baking sheets with parchment paper. Dust a work surface with flour, then flatten the cookie dough into a rectangle and roll to about 18 to 14 inch thick. If the large piece dough is hard to work with, cut it into 2 equal pieces. Use a 3 12inch circle cutter to cut as many rounds as possible you should get about 10. Transfer to a baking sheet.nUse a 2 12inch round cutter to cut the centers from the larger circles to make Os. Using the bottom of a small gingerbread woman cutter or other cutter with a flat base, cut the rolled center scraps into bases for the snow globes. Place the bases on the baking sheet touching the bottom of each O they will fuse together when they bake. Place the cut cookies in the freezer for 20 minutes. Pat the dough scraps into a disc and chill until you can roll again and cut out more cookies to make about 1 dozen snow globes. When ready to bake, transfer the frozen cookies to 2 roomtemperature baking sheets lined with parchment paper, evenly spacing 5 cookies per sheet. Bake the cookies, rotating halfway through cooking time, until crisp and golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer to wire racks to cool completely.nFor the glass centers: Set up a workspace with your decorations and cooled cookies. You will have to work fast once the glass syrup is made. Transfer the cookies to clean pieces of parchment set on baking sheets. Stir together the sugar and corn syrup in a 2cup or larger glass liquid measuring cup until it looks like wet sand. Microwave until the sugar is completely dissolved and is bubbling but still clear with no caramel color, about 2 to 2 12 minutes. Stir and microwave 30 seconds more. This will depend on the power of your microwave, you want the syrup to be bubbling rapidly, but before it begins to caramelize.nPour the syrup into the center of 2 or 3 cookies, letting it spread to fill the entire opening. Working quickly, while the syrup is still hot and has not yet begun to harden, sprinkle with the decorations of your choice. Continue, filling a few cookies at a time and reheating the syrup in the microwave for 5 to 10 seconds to keep it pourable, as necessary, until all of the glass centers have been poured.nFor the icing: Combine the confectioners sugar and meringue powder in an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and whisk to combine. With the mixer on low, add the lemon juice and 3 tablespoons water. Mix until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed, and add about 1 to 3 tablespoons more water, a little at a time, to make an icing that drizzles slowly from a spoon dipped into the bowl. Increase speed to high and beat until the icing is very smooth, about 1 minute. Spoon half the icing into a pastry bag fitted with a small plain tip. Alternatively, transfer to a resealable plastic bag and snip off a corner. Color the remaining icing in the bowl with red food coloring and transfer to another piping bag fitted with a small plain tip.nPipe the white icing on the top of the snow globes, leaving a little in the bag to decorate the glass, if desired. Pipe the red on the bases. If desired, use the remaining white icing to pipe small snowmen in the glass part of the snow globes. Let sit until the icing hardens, 20 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound prepared sugar cookie dough, such as Pillsbury, Allpurpose flour, for rolling, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, Snowflake sprinkles, nonpareils and other holiday sprinkles, for decoration, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons meringue powder, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Red food coloring, for decorating], title: Snow Globe Cookies, picturelink: XAYitQrRehKPHFlbdFiDP1xREaQXq6}, 26911: {instructions: Drain liquid from strawberries into 3quart saucepan, reserving berries. Add sugar and water, bring to boil, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add cranberries, ginger, peel and cinnamon. Return to boil reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in reserved strawberries. Remove from heat, cool. Spoon into jars, cover and refrigerate up to 1 month. Serve as accompaniment to hot or cold meats or poultry., ingredients: [2 10ounce packages strawberries frozen with syrup, thawed, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1 12ounce package fresh cranberries, 2 ounces crystallized ginger, cut in slivers, 12 large orange, peel, cut into julienne strips, 2 cinnamon sticks], title: Cranberry Conserve, picturelink: null}, 26912: {instructions: Heat a medium soup pot over moderate heat. Add oil, shallots and garlic. Sautu00e9 5 minutes. Add drained tomatoes and crushed tomatoes, stir. Add stock and stir to combine soup. Stir in spinach in handfuls to wilt it and combine with soup. Season soup with salt and pepper to your taste. Bring soup to a bubble, reduce heat and simmer 10 to 15 minutes to reduce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons evoo, extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, drained, 1 can crushed tomatoes, 28 ounces, 2 cups good quality vegetable stock, available in soup aisle, 12 tenounce sack triple washed spinach, stems removed and spinach shredded with knife, Salt and pepper to your taste], title: Tomato and Spinach Soup, picturelink: V5yZmV8jwrBL8ABTfCGoF7HmdoeH4Oi}, 26913: {instructions: Corn Stock: Place all ingredients in a large pot and cover with cold water. Simmer for 40 minutes and strain.nPudding: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over low heat and cook the onions and garlic for 3 minutes. Add the corn kernels and cook 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Add stock and cream and bring to a boil. Slowly whisk in cornmeal and cook for 3 minutes. Add chives, stir, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 medium onion small dice, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Kernels from 6 ears of corn, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 quart corn stock recipe follows, 1 quart heavy cream, 10 ounces yellow cornmeal, 12 cup chives, 6 corn stalks, stripped of kernels, 1 medium onion, large dice, 2 carrots, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon peppercorn, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 quarts water], title: Good Old American Corn Pudding, picturelink: null}, 26914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to high. Grill corn until charred on all sides, 10 or so minutes. Take off the grill and remove the kernels with a sharp knife. While you are cutting the corn, put a cast iron skillet on the grill to heat.nAdd the corn and the remaining ingredients to the hot pan and cook, stirring occasionally, until creamy and heated through. Serve with the steak., ingredients: [8 ears fresh corn, silks removed, husk on, soaked in cold water 30 minutes, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup creme fraiche, 2 limes, juiced and 1 zested, 1 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup grated cotija cheese], title: Grilled Corn Salad with Lime, Red Chili and Cotija, picturelink: z47DL0JLRXGEcmkeCdVDxiGYIHvtkS}, 26915: {instructions: For the sweet potato and squash filling: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nToss the sweet potato and squash cubes with the olive oil, cumin, garlic and salt to taste in a bowl and then transfer to a baking sheet. Bake until the vegetables are lightly browned and forktender, approximately 30 minutes.nFor the mushroom saute: Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the onions and garlic. Cook until translucent, approximately 3 minutes. Add in the mushrooms and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Add the chile powder, then juice the lime and orange halves over the mushrooms and add salt to taste. Let sit on low heat for 1 minute. Add the cilantro and remove from the heat.nFor the ground bison: In a large skillet, heat the olive oil on high heat and add the ground bison. Cook, stirring continuously, until it starts to brown. Add in the cumin, smoked paprika, cinnamon, cayenne pepper, black pepper and salt to taste. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid reduces and the meat is browned.nFor the taco bar: Place the corn tortillas, lettuce leaves, radishes, bell peppers, avocado, cheese, pico de gallo and yogurt into separate serving containers. Place the mushrooms, bison and sweet potato and squash mixture into separate bowls. Have fun assembling, ingredients: [2 sweet potatoes, cut into 14inch cubes, 14 winter squash, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 garlic clove, minced, Salt, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 1 garlic clove, minced, 10 ounces assorted mushrooms white, oyster, cremini, portobello, 12 teaspoon chile powder, 1 lime, cut in half, 1 orange, cut in half, Salt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 pound ground bison, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon black pepper, Salt, 6 corn tortillas, 6 Boston lettuce leaves, 6 radishes, sliced thinly, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 yellow bell pepper, chopped, 1 avocado, cut into eighths, 1 cup shredded Jack cheese, 1 cup prepared pico de gallo, 12 cup Greek yogurt], title: MakeYourOwn Tacos, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 26916: {instructions: Special equipment: a 10inch castiron skilletnFor the coulis: In a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, combine the raspberries, sugar, orange juice and vanilla. Cook, stirring frequently, until the raspberries are completely broken down and the sauce is syrupy, 10 minutes. Strain, a little at a time, through a finemesh sieve into a bowl, stirring to separate the seeds. Stir the orange zest in the strained sauce. Serve warm or set aside to cool. The coulis can be stored in the refrigerator in an airtight container for up to 4 days.nFor the Dutch baby: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put a 10inch castiron skillet in the oven to heat for 10 minutes.nPut the eggs in a large bowl and whisk vigorously until frothy. Whisk in the milk and then add the flour, vanilla and salt, and whisk until combined. Carefully remove the skillet from the oven and add the butter, swirling until it is melted and coats the pan. Pour in the batter and immediately return the skillet to the oven. Bake until the pancake is puffed and golden brown, 16 to 18 minutes.nServe the Dutch baby with the raspberry coulis., ingredients: [12 ounces fresh raspberries, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 3 large eggs, 34 cup whole milk, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces], title: Dutch Baby Pancake with RaspberryOrange Coulis, picturelink: LnfwksyMREcwwJuqu1cHzHkOi8Fu.e}, 26917: {instructions: For the avocadolime sauce: In a blender on low speed, mix the avocado, lime juice, 2 tablespoons water, sour cream, hot sauce and some salt. Blend until smooth. Set aside.nFor the fish tacos: In a shallow bowl, mix the coriander, cumin, chili powder, garlic powder, salt, coffee, brown sugar and cornmeal until well combined. In another shallow bowl, whisk the eggs and hot sauce together.nShred the cabbage as finely as possible, and slice the radishes as thinly as possible. Set aside.nPour the oil into a large saute pan and heat over mediumhigh heat.nCut the fish into 12 sticks, approximately 3 ounces each. Roll each piece of fish in the egg mixture and then coat well in the cornmeal mixture.nIn batches, place the breaded fish into the hot oil, taking care not to overcrowd the pan. Brown the fish on each side, approximately 1 minute per side. Drain on paper towels, sprinkling the fish with a little salt as it comes out of the pan.nIn a separate saute pan, heat the tortillas over high heat to brown slightly.nPlace a piece of fish on each tortilla, and top with shredded cabbage, avocado sauce and radish slices., ingredients: [1 ripe avocado, flesh scooped, 1 lime, juiced, 14 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons finely ground coffee beans, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 12 cup cornmeal, 3 eggs, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, 14 head red cabbage, 4 to 6 radishes, 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 pounds cod, skinless, Twelve 5 to 6inch corn tortillas], title: CoffeeRubbed Fish Tacos, picturelink: NttEbQY2wRYNw5cqTIWUWHXTYaHNZxm}, 26918: {instructions: In a food processor, puree canola oil, garlic, ginger, chiles, shallots and lime juice and marinate lamb for at least 6 hours refrigerated, preferably overnight. Grill until done, medium rare, 140 degrees internal temperature.nKAFFIR LIMEPEANUT SAUCE: In a food processor, combine all. Add water. Check for seasoning. Cook slowly, about 30 minutes, until sauce consistency is achieved.nGADOGADO SALAD: In a large bowl toss with sauce. Check for seasoning. Garnish with Thai basil leaves., ingredients: [4 lamb racks, loin taken off the bone, silver skin removed, 1 cup canola oil, 8 cloves garlic, 4 slices ginger, 4 Thai bird chiles, 6 shallots, 14 cup fresh lime juice, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 12 cups roasted peanuts, 14 cup fried shallots, 2 cloves garlic, 5 Thai bird chiles, 1 tablespoon minced galangal, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 limes, juiced, 4 kaffir lime leaves, 14 cup sweet soy sauce, 2 cups water, 1 cup blanched haricots verts, 1 cup bean sprouts, 12 cup shredded carrots, 12 cup red bell pepper, julienned, 12 cup Thai basil leaves, 14 cup sliced scallions, 13 cup kaffir limepeanut sauce, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Grilled Lamb Loin with Kaffir Lime Peanut Sauce and Gado Gado Salad, picturelink: null}, 26919: {instructions: In a blender, combine the watercress, sour cream, lemon juice, tabasco, salt, and pepper. Puree until smooth, then transfer to a bowl and stir in the mayonnaise., ingredients: [2 bunches watercress, leaves only, roughly chopped, 1 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Dash hot pepper sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, preferably homemade], title: Watercress Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 26920: {instructions: Place the pomegranate juice, blueberries, yogurt, honey and ice in a blender. Turn on high and blend until smooth. Serve in a reusable togo cup., ingredients: [1 12 cups pomegranate juice, 1 14 cup blueberries, 34 cup Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 12 cups ice], title: Blueberry Pomegranate Smoothie, picturelink: Q8l.cG3huv50tN1akDcTxPpjTcdjzG}, 26921: {instructions: For the green onion dressing: Heat a grill. Drizzle 12 teaspoon of olive oil over the white portion of the green onions. Place the white bottoms of the green onions on the hot grill and grill until they are slightly softened and charred. Put the grilled whites of the green onions, the green onion tops, garlic, white wine vinegar, Dijon mustard and remaining olive oil in a blender, puree until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and stir in the sour cream. Season the dressing with salt, and black pepper, to taste. Set the dressing aside.nFor the pasta salad: Heat a grill. Place the cooked pasta in a large bowl, toss with 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil. Drizzle the remaining 1 teaspoon of vegetable oil over the red onion rings and season with salt.nPlace the red onions on the hot grill and grill until softened, approximately 10 minutes, remove the onions from the grill. Coarsely dice the grilled red onions. Add the chopped red onions, red pepper, yellow pepper, orange pepper, chopped parsley, and green onion dressing to the pasta. Mix to incorporate all ingredients. Season the pasta with salt, and pepper, to taste. Garnish with toasted coconut., ingredients: [Green Onion Dressing, 12 cup olive oil, 1 bunch green onions scallions, trimmed, white bottoms and green tops separated, 1 small clove garlic, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons sour cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pasta Salad, 12 ounces bow tie pasta, cooked according to package directions, 3 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 red onion, cut into 14inch thick rings, 1 red pepper, seeded and diced, 1 yellow pepper, seeded and diced, 1 orange pepper, seeded and diced, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 cup shredded unsweetened coconut, toasted], title: Pasta Salad with Green Onion Dressing, picturelink: null}, 26922: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add oil. Add beef tenderloin, pepper and salt. Mix together. Allow to cook for a few minutes. Add onions, peppers and garlic and stir. Mix in steak sauce, brown sugar, hot sauce and dry mustard. Cook until browned.nServe on toasted brioche., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 pound beef tenderloin, diced, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup Vidalia onion, minced, 14 cup green pepper, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons steak sauce preferred: A1 Steak Sauce, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, Dash hot sauce, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 6 brioche buns, toasted], title: Big Daddys Sloppy Joe Burgers, picturelink: orhCdqWhDGhKr95ncbFxScEsKryElv6}, 26923: {instructions: For the pancakes: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, pumpkin pie spices, baking soda and sea salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the eggs, buttermilk, melted butter and vanilla in a large bowl. Add the carrots and orange zest, if using, and mix until smooth. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients. Fold in the ginger and pecans, if using, and mix until just combined. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 3 hours.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat. Coat the skillet with cooking spray or brush with melted butter. Spoon 14 cup mounds of the batter onto the skillet, spreading with a spatula. Cook until the tops are covered with bubbles and the edges look cooked, about 2 minutes. Carefully flip the pancakes over and cook until the bottoms are lightly browned, about 1 minute. Repeat with the remaining batter. Keep the cooked pancakes warm in the oven on a baking sheet, if desired.nFor the maplecream cheese drizzle: Combine the cream cheese, maple syrup and butter in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whip attachment until combined, about 2 minutes.nTo serve: Stack the pancakes on a plate and drizzle with the maplecream cheese drizzle. Sprinkle with chopped walnuts or pecans, if using., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons pure cane sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup packed finely grated peeled carrots, patted dry on paper towels about 3 medium carrots, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, optional, 1 tablespoon finely diced candied ginger, 14 cup finely chopped toasted pecans or walnuts, optional, plus more for garnish, Cooking spray or melted butter, 8 ounces softened cream cheese, 12 cup grade B pure maple syrup, 4 tablespoons butter], title: Carrot Cake Pancakes with MapleCream Cheese Drizzle and Toasted Pecans, picturelink: Q8l.cG3huv50tN1akDcTxPpjTcdjzG}, 26924: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTake a cast iron pan and set over mediumhigh heat. Add a 2count of olive oil and add rosemary and thyme. The herbs will begin to crackle as the oil heats up and the oil will be infused with the flavor. Remove the herbs from the pan and place onto a paper towel lined plate. Season the rib eyes well with salt and pepper and add to pan and brown for approximately 4 minutes. Turn the rib eye over and place the whole pan into the preheated oven, on the bottom shelf, for another 12 minutes for mediumrare. Add another 2 minutes for medium.nPlace a saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil and butter. Once the butter has melted, add the garlic, thyme and rosemary leaves, and the panko and stir to combine. Once the bread crumbs are toasted, season with salt and pepper.nPlace a saucepan of cream with bay leaves, rosemary, thyme and garlic over medium heat and simmer until reduced and thick. Blanch leaves in some salted boiling water until wilted. Remove the Swiss chard from the water and allow it to drain in a strainer. Push any excess water out of the Swiss chard using some paper towels. Set aside to dry at room temperature.nWhen ready, remove herbs and garlic from cream and fold in the Swiss chard. Add Parmesan, to taste, and season with salt and pepper to taste.nOnce steaks are done, remove from the oven and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Serve on a plate and top steak with creamed Swiss chard. Garnish with the toasted bread crumbs, lemon juice, and season with salt., ingredients: [2 large 16 to 18ounce bonein ribeye steaks, 1 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 to 3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed, 2 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves removed, About 1 cup panko bread crumbs, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 large bunch Swiss chard, leafs removed from the stem and leaves chopped, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 fresh bay leaves, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, peeled, Freshly grated Parmesan, to taste, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Pan Roasted Cowboy Ribeye with Creamed Swiss Chard, picturelink: YJXAQqdeyryXPWrLjPVa.4xclev6hy}, 26925: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8inch round cake pan.nIn a small saucepan, bring 1 12 cups water to a boil. Drizzle the semolina into the water, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Stir in 14 cup of the sugar. Cook, stirring often, until thickened, about 4 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and let cool slightly.nIn a large bowl, whisk the ricotta, egg yolks, liqueur, and zest. Stir in the raisins.nIn a large bowl, beat the egg whites with salt on low speed until foamy. Gradually beat in the remaining 14 cup sugar on high speed and beat until the whites hold stiff peaks.nWith a spatula, gently fold the egg whites into the ricotta mixture. Scrape the mixture into the prepared pan.nBake the cheesecake for 1 hour or until puffed and golden on top. Remove from the oven. Let cool on a rack for 10 minutes. Invert onto a plate and let cool.nServe at room temperature or chilled, sprinkled with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [14 cup fine semolina flour, 12 cup sugar, One 16ounce container wholemilk or partskim ricotta, 2 large eggs, separated, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 12 cup golden raisins, 14 teaspoon salt, Confectioners sugar for dusting], title: Orange Semolina Cake, picturelink: null}, 26926: {instructions: Steep 4 or 5 black tea bags, 2 cups turbinado sugar and 2 handfuls of fresh mint in 3 cups simmering water for 5 minutes, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Strain into a pitcher add the juice of 3 limes, 1 12 cups light rum, 1 cup cold water and another handful of mint. Stir vigorously, crushing the mint with a wooden spoon chill. Serve over ice with lime and more mint.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [], title: Sweet Tea Mojito, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 26927: {instructions: In a highsided skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the eggplant, vegetable stirfry blend, artichokes hearts, garlic, red pepper flakes and season with salt and pepper. Saute until vegetables are almost completely cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the diced tomatoes, cover and simmer on low until the eggplant is soft and the ratatouille is thickened slightly, 15 to 20 minutes. Just before serving, stir in the basil. Taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary.nIn a highsided skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the eggplant, vegetable stirfry blend, artichokes hearts, garlic, red pepper flakes and season with salt and pepper. Saute until vegetables are almost completely cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the diced tomatoes, cover and simmer on low until the eggplant is soft and the ratatouille is thickened slightly, 15 to 20 minutes. Just before serving, stir in the basil. Taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small eggplant, diced into 1inch cubes, 1 16ounce bag frozen stirfry vegetables, thawed recommended: Birds Eye, 19ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and fresh ground pepper, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small eggplant, diced into 1inch cubes, 1 16ounce bag frozen stirfry vegetables, thawed recommended: Birds Eye, 19ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and fresh ground pepper, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 14 cup chopped fresh basil], title: Artichoke Ratatouille, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 26928: {instructions: Combine the butter with 1 cup of water in a saucepan. Heat over medium until the butter melts and the water shimmers. Sift the flour into the melted butter and water. Stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until the dough comes together it will be the consistency of a cookie dough. Transfer the dough to a bowl and refrigerate for 20 minutes. Using a wooden spoon, beat the eggs into the dough 1 at a time.nSpoon the dough into a pastry bag. Pipe circles the size is up to you onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Set the zeppole aside to rise in a warm place for at least 1 hour.nIn a heavy highsided pot heat 2inches of oil over mediumhigh until it reaches 350 degrees F. Drop 2 or 3 zeppole into the oil and fry until crisp and golden, about 4 minutes per side. Drain the zeppole on a plate lined with paper towels and repeat, until all the zeppole are fried.nWhen the zeppole are just cool enough to handle, roll them in sugar. Serve the zeppole warm topped with honey, if desired., ingredients: [14 pound butter, 1 cup water, 1 cup allpurposes flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 4 eggs, Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 cups sugar, Honey, optional], title: Zeppole, picturelink: null}, 26929: {instructions: For the puttanesca sauce: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of the grapeseed oil. Add the diced onions, carrots and celery and sweat for about 5 minutes. Add half of the chopped garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes and bring the sauce to a simmer. Simmer the tomato sauce for 20 to 30 minutes. Add the basil and oregano and then puree the sauce in a blender or with an immersion blender. Set aside.nIn a separate saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil. Add the sliced onions, remaining garlic and the olives. Saute until the onions are tender. Add the roasted red peppers and saute for another minute. Add the tomato sauce and bring to a simmer. Cook the sauce for 5 minutes and then add the capers. Season with salt and pepper and hold warm for plating.nFor the garlic chips: Heat the oil in a heavybottomed pot until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 300 degrees F.nFry the sliced garlic until crispy and lightly browned. Transfer the garlic chips to a plate with paper towels to absorb the extra oil.nFor the rapini: In a pot, combine 16 cups 1 gallon water and 2 tablespoons kosher salt and bring to a rolling boil. Prepare an ice water bath. Blanch the rapini in the boiling water, one bunch at a time, for 2 minutes. Shock in the ice bath.nFor the swordfish: Heat a skillet over high heat and add the grapeseed oil. Season the swordfish steaks with salt and pepper and arrange in the skillet. Cook until the first side is golden brown and seared, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip the steaks over and cook for another 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the fish from the pan and allow to rest before plating.nAs the swordfish steaks are cooking, finish the rapini. Heat a saute pan over high heat until smoking. Add the grapeseed oil and then the blanched rapini. Saute until the rapini starts to get color. Add the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.nFor plating: Spoon about 14 cup of the puttanesca sauce onto the center of each plate. Place 4 to 5 pieces of rapini on top of the sauce. Place the fish on top of the rapini, and then garnish the plate with garlic chips and chiffonade of basil., ingredients: [4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 12 cup finely diced onions, 1 cup thinly sliced onions, 14 cup finely diced carrots, 14 cup finely diced celery, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 4 cups 1 quart canned crushed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 1 cup mixed olives, pitted manzanilla, kalamata, picholine, 12 cup roasted red peppers, 2 ounces capers, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups 1 quart vegetable oil, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 2 bunches rapini broccoli rabe, trimmed, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Six 8ounce swordfish steaks, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 basil leaves, cut into chiffonade], title: Swordfish Puttanesca, picturelink: null}, 26930: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine 1 cup water and the honey. Bring to a boil and shut off the heat. Transfer to a bowl to cool. Refrigerate.nIn a medium bowl, combine half of the cucumber slices with the grapefruit segments and some simple syrup. Muddle them by pressing down on them with a whisk to extract the juices and lightly crush the cucumbers. Add the vodka, lime juice, some more simple syrup and 1 cup lightly crushed ice. Pour into 4 rocks glasses and grind a little salt over the top. Alternatively, serve in a pitcher and sprinkle with the salt as you pour the individual drinks., ingredients: [1 cup water, 12 cup honey, 1 small cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 pink grapefruit, cut into 12 wedges, 8 ounces vodka, 13 cup fresh lime juice, Pink Himalayan salt, in a grinder], title: Salty Dog, picturelink: r4O8TGeV93iyTBdNC2NcIP7YLvE6S}, 26931: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease four 10ounce ramekins with butter and arrange on a baking sheet.nIn a stand mixer, whip together the eggs, yolks and sugar until the mixture is light in color, doubled in volume and falls in ribbons. Set aside.nIn a double boiler set over medium heat, melt the bittersweet chocolate, semisweet chocolate, butter and espresso powder. Stir until smooth. Fold the melted chocolate into the eggs.nSift together the flour and salt. Sprinkle the dry mixture over the chocolateegg mixture and gently fold in.nDivide the batter between the greased ramekins. Bake for 20 minutes, or until the top is set and the edges are firm but there is a slight wiggle in the center.nRun a knife around the edge of the ramekins and invert the cakes onto plates. Dust with confectioners sugar. Garnish with raspberries if using. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 eggs, 5 egg yolks, 12 cup granulated sugar, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, 3 sticks 1 12 cups butter, plus extra for greasing the ramekins, 34 teaspoon espresso powder, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 13 teaspoon salt, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Raspberries, for garnish, optional], title: Molten Chocolate Cakes, picturelink: null}, 26932: {instructions: Preheat the convection oven to 350 degrees F. Add all the dry ingredients into a large bowl and stir to combine. Grate the frozen butter into the dry ingredients. Add the blue cheese, spinach, parsley, and green onions. Make a well and add the eggs and half the buttermilk. Fold until just holding together , adding more buttermilk as needed. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Scoop 3ounce portions of batter onto the paper. Bake for 22 minutes., ingredients: [22 ounces allpurpose flour, sifted, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 6 ounces frozen butter, 4 ounces blue cheese crumbs, 3 ounces chopped fresh spinach, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 ounces chopped green onion, 3 eggs, beaten, 2 to 3 cups buttermilk, divided], title: Savory Scones, picturelink: tU1Kr2c0us1.dk.HKWDQdqSBibqHxU6}, 26933: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Preheat a medium castiron skillet over medium heat. Add the almonds and toast, stirring often, for 3 to 5 minutes, until lightly browned. Sprinkle the brown sugar and salt over the almonds and cook, stirring almost continuously with a wooden spoon, until the brown sugar is completely melted and darkened in color, watching the skillet carefully so the almonds dont burn, 3 to 5 minutes. Spread the almonds in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet and let cool completely, then break up any clumps with your hands and get to work on eating your fill., ingredients: [1 cup 140 g almonds, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Crack Almonds, picturelink: null}, 26934: {instructions: Preheat the grill.nIn a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter. Add the onion and garlic and saute until translucent. Add the salt, chives, lemon zest, lemon juice, dill, and wine and reduce by 13. Add olive oil and capers and stir. Remove from the heat.nIn a large foil square, place a spoonful of sauce. Add 1 piece of fish, cover with more sauce, and wrap tightly. Repeat with the remaining fish. Place the packets on the grill and grill for 3 minutes on each side.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 large red onion, chopped, 4 to 5 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 to 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 2 lemons zested and grated, plus juice from 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon chopped dill, 14 to 12 cup white zinfandel, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 pound halibut cheeks], title: Grilled Halibut Cheeks in Lemon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26935: {instructions: Line an 8inch square baking dish with aluminum foil and spray generously with nonstick cooking spray. Combine the cereal with 1 bag marshmallows in a large bowl set aside.nMelt the butter in a large heavybottomed pot or stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Add the 3 remaining bags of marshmallows and cook, stirring occasionally, until they are fully melted, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the vanilla extract. Fold half the cereal mixture into the melted marshmallows until wellcoated fold in the remaining cereal mixture.nScoop the mixture into the prepared pan. Spray another piece of foil with cooking spray and use it to cover the mixture, pressing gently on the foil to evenly spread the mixture out, getting it evenly into the corners and flattening the top you can dome the top slightly if you have extra mixture. Place in the refrigerator to set, around 1 hour. Cut into 2inch squares and serve. Leftovers keep in an airtight container at room temperature, 2 days or wrap in a freezer bag and freeze., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, One 9ounce box crispy rice cereal, Four 10ounce bags minimarshmallows, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: ExtraMarshmallow Crispy Rice Treats, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 26936: {instructions: Check the quail for bones or feathers and place in mixing bowl. Add the pancetta, vinegar, olive oil, honey, and black pepper and toss to coat. Set aside and preheat the grill.nIn a 3quart saucepan, water and sage and bring to a boil.nThread one quail, followed by one piece of pancetta, followed by one quail on each of four skewers and place on hottest part of grill. Cook 4 to 5 minutes on each side, until just pink at the leg bones.nMeanwhile, pour the polenta slowly in a thin stream into boiling water, until all is incorporated and polenta thickens, about 1 to 2 minutes. Switch to a wooden spoon, add the cheese, and cook another minute, until as thick as paste. Remove from heat and pour on to a serviceready cutting board. Pile skewers on top of polenta and serve., ingredients: [8 quail, boned, 4 pieces pancetta or slab bacon, cut into 1inch cubes, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 4 cups water, 10 sage leaves, finely chopped, 4 skewers, soaked in water 8 hours, 1 cup polenta or cornmeal, 12 cup Asiago, freshly grated], title: Quail Skewers with Sage Polenta and Asiago: Spiedini di Quaglie con Polenta e Asiago, picturelink: CP.A9ODir32CKDSTM.X7MWs.39.suQq}, 26937: {instructions: Cookies: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a sheet pan. In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the sugar, butter and shortening until fluffy. Add the egg, vanilla and baking powder and mix. Add the flour and mix. Shape the dough into a large flat disk, kneading briefly if necessary to bring the dough together. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill 1 to 2 hours.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough 14inch thick. Using cookie cutters or empty tuna cans, cut out large round cookies about 3 inches in diameter. Transfer to the prepared pan. Cut a heart or circle out of the center of each cookie that will be filled later with lollipop syrup. Carefully slip the sucker sticks under the cookies and gently press dough down and around it to secure the stick. Bake until very light golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool completely on the sheet pan.nLollipop Centers: Combine sugar, glucose and water in a clean, dry, small saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer and cook on high heat. While cooking the candy syrup, occasionally wash down the pan sides to prevent crystallization using a clean brush dipped in water. Without stirring, cook until mixture reaches 305 degrees F or hard crack on the candy thermometer. Remove the pot from the heat and dip it into an ice bath for 10 seconds to stop the cooking. Remove the pot from the ice bath and add food coloring, stirring well a wooden spoon so the color is evenly distributed. To avoid air bubbles, stir in both directions and be careful not to over mix. Pour the syrup into hole of the cookies. Cool at least 20 minutes to harden. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [34 cup granulated sugar, 6 ounces 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 23 cup vegetable shortening, 1 egg, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoons baking powder, 3 12 cups flour, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons glucose, 12 cup water, Few drops food coloring], title: Lollipop Cookies, picturelink: LXb7AE4qAW1MCwQAd1F.7f.bHVdTCLu}, 26938: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the stems from the spinach and wash, drain and pat dry thoroughly. Place into a large mixing bowl and set aside.nPlace the eggs into an electric kettle and cover with cold water by at least 1inch. Turn the kettle on. Once the water comes to a boil, the kettle will turn itself off. Leave the eggs in the water for 15 minutes. Remove and peel off the shell. Slice each egg into 8 pieces and set aside.nWhile the eggs are cooking, fry the bacon and remove to a paper towel to drain, reserving 3 tablespoons of the rendered fat. Crumble the bacon and set aside.nTransfer the fat to a small saucepan set over low heat and whisk in the red wine vinegar, sugar and Dijon mustard. Season with a small pinch each of kosher salt and black pepper.nAdd the mushrooms and the sliced onion to the spinach and toss. Add the dressing and bacon and toss to combine. Divide the spinach between 4 plates or bowls and evenly divide the egg among them. Season with pepper, as desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces young spinach, 2 large eggs, 8 pieces thicksliced bacon, chopped, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large white mushrooms, sliced, 3 ounces red onion 1 small, very thinly sliced], title: Spinach Salad with Warm Bacon Dressing, picturelink: GlBf7lx.OxT4Tm2rUf5BAkUVfScQrNO}, 26939: {instructions: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard muffin pan or cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners.nIn a pot, heat the butter and stout over medium heat until the butter is melted. Remove from the heat, add the cocoa powder and whisk until the mixture is smooth. Set aside to cool slightly.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour, granulated sugar, baking soda and salt and whisk to blend. Set aside.nUsing a stand mixer, beat the sour cream and egg together in a large bowl to blend. Add the stoutchocolate mixture and beat just to combine. Add the flour mixture and mix on a low until just combined.nDivide the batter among the cupcake liners, filling them threequarters full. Bake until a tester inserted into the centers comes out clean, about 17 minutes. Cool the cupcakes on a rack completely.nFor the beer syrup: In a pot, combine the granulated sugar and stout and simmer together until the sugar is completely dissolved. Remove from the heat and stir in the vodka. Set the mixture aside to cool.nFor the stout filling: Using a stand mixer, beat the confectioners sugar and butter together until well combined. Add the stout, vanilla extract and salt and mix until creamy.nFor the rocky road frosting: In a clean metal bowl of a stand mixer, whisk the granulated sugar and egg whites together over a pot of simmering water. Whisk occasionally until a candy thermometer inserted in the mixture registers between 140 and 160 degrees F or until you cant feel the sugar granules when you rub the mixture between your fingers.nTransfer the mixture to the stand mixer and using the whisk attachment, whip until the mixture turns white and almost doubles in size, and the outside of the bowl feels at room temperature. Add the vanilla and salt and continue to whisk.nSwitch the attachment from a whisk to a paddle and at a low speed, add the butter a few tablespoons at a time and continue mixing. The frosting is done when it looks glossy and smooth. Stir in the chocolate. Fold in the mini marshmallows and slivered almonds with a rubber spatula.nTo assemble: Brush the beer syrup onto the cupcakes with a pastry brush, or drizzle over the cupcakes using a spoon. Allow the cupcakes to absorb the syrup. Cut a small and shallow hole in each cupcake, and fill each hole with some of the stout filling. Using an ice cream scoop, scoop some rocky road frosting onto each cupcake., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup stout, 3 tablespoons unsweetened Dutch process cocoa, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 38 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup sour cream not lowfat, 1 large egg, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup stout, 3 tablespoons vodka, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons stout, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 4 large egg whites, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Big pinch fine salt, 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened but cool, cut into cubes, 8 ounces 60percentcacao chocolate, melted and cooled, 12 cup mini marshmallows, toasted, 13 cup roasted slivered almonds], title: Rocky Beer Float Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 26940: {instructions: For the chicken:nBegin by pounding out the chicken breast gently between 2 pieces of plastic wrap.nPrepare a breading station with flour, whisked eggs and milk, and panko crumbs. Season all with salt and pepper. Coat the breasts in flour, egg then panko. Lay the coated breasts out on a flat tray and refrigerate to let the crust dry out about 10 minutes this will ensure there is less moisture and less chance your coating will break when frying.nShallow fry the paillard in hot oil for approximately 2 to 3 minutes per side depending on how thick the breasts are. Drain well, season with salt and set aside when done.nFor the dressing:nPut the anchovies, egg yolks, garlic, lemon juice, and water into a blender and process for 30 seconds until the mixture is smooth. With the blender running, pour the olive oil in slowly for the dressing to emulsify. Stir in the Parmesan, season with salt and a couple of grinds of black pepper set aside. Refrigerate the dressing if you will not be using it right away.nPrepare the salad by splitting the grape tomatoes in half through the middle lengthwise, mixing all ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Add the dressing and toss the salad well.nTo serve lay the warm, crispy chicken paillard on the base of the plate and top with the salad. Garnish with shaved parmesan cheese, a wedge of lemon and a drizzle of olive oil.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggsnDue to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 eggs, whipped slightly with splash milk, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 anchovy fillets, 2 egg yolks, 2 clove garlic, smashed, 2 lemons, juiced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup organic grape tomatoes, halved, 1 bag fresh baby arugala, 12 pound fresh mozzarella cheese, boccancini, halved, Shaved Parmesan, for garnish, Lemon wedges, for garnish, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Chicken Paillard with Creamy Parmesan Salad, picturelink: A3uZRLigngefz696z.Ap2RkOvD6RO4e}, 26941: {instructions: In a deep saucepan at least 6 to 8 inches deep, bring water, vinegar and salt to a gentle simmer. Crack 1 egg and drop it into the water right above where the bubbles are coming up. Then, using a chopstick, try to swirl the water around the egg to help shape it. Drop another egg in, always onto the bubbles. Try not to do more than 4 eggs at the same time. Poach for 3 to 5 minutes, or until cooked to desired doneness of poached eggs. Remove carefully with a slotted spoon to a clean towel to soak up the excess water.nTo serve, top each poached egg with a ring of Avocado Relish and pour Andouille Hollandaise around egg.nPlace all ingredients in a medium mixing bowl and carefully fold together with a rubber spatula or wooden spoon. Toss with some of the Chipotle Dressing, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Set aside for serving with the poached eggs.nPlace the first 7 ingredients in a blender and blend on high for 1 minute. With the blender running, slowly drizzle in oil, and blend until emulsified. Reserve until needed.nIn a medium saute pan over medium heat, add 2 ounces butter. Add shallots and cook for 2 minutes. Add seasonings and cook for 2 more minutes. Add sausage and cook for 3 to 5 minutes or until golden brown drain any fat and set aside.nIn a small saucepan, combine peppercorns, bay leaf, wine, vermouth, and vinegar and reduce over high heat until 14 cup remains. Strain mixture through a fine strainer into a mediumsized stainless steel bowl. Add egg yolks to bowl and place over a warm water bath beat mixture until thick and mixture holds a ribbon for 7 seconds. Turn heat off and slowly whisk in the remaining butter. Add sausage mixture, and season, to taste, with the lemon juice, hot sauce, Worcestershire, salt, and pepper., ingredients: [8 cups water, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons salt, 8 eggs, Avocado Relish, recipe follows, Andouille Hollandaise, recipe follows, 3 small Hass avocados, diced, 1 small red onion, diced, 1 large ripe tomato, diced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 14 cup green onion, sliced, Chipotle Dressing, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons water, 2 small shallots, or 2 tablespoons white onions, diced, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 egg yolk See Disclaimer, 3 chipotle peppers in adobo, 1 cup olive oil not extravirgin, 20 ounces 5 sticks butter, clarified, 4 ounces shallots, chopped, 12 teaspoon Meat Magic seasoning recommended: Paul Prudhomme, 12 teaspoon Vegetable Magic seasoning recommended: Paul Prudhomme, 1 cup andouille sausage, cut into 14 dice, 10 peppercorns, crushed, 1 bay leaf, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup dry vermouth, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 6 egg yolks, 12 lemon, juiced, Dash hot pepper sauce, or more to taste, Dash Worcestershire sauce, or more to taste, Salt and pepper], title: Poached Eggs with Chipotle Dressing and Avocado Relish and Andouille Hollandaise, picturelink: XkCr5CiOtHwH9.XQfv8.RwqKOoAxy}, 26942: {instructions: Preheat oven with a rack in the middle of the oven to 350 degrees. Coat a 9 by 13inch baking pan with nonstick vegetable spray.nMelt the chocolate and butter in a completely dry bowl or in the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water. In a large bowl, mix together the eggs, granulated sugar, brown sugar and corn syrup until blended. Mix in the chocolate mixture. In a separate bowl, stir the flour, baking powder and salt together with a fork. Mix it into the egg mixture. Stir in the nuts and 14 cup of the marshmallows. Scrape the mixture into the prepared pan. Bake for 25 minutes, until barely set. Coat the top with the remainder of the marshmallows and bake for 5 more minutes. Set the pan on a rack to cool. Cut into 1 12 by 3inch bars., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable spray, for coating pan, 7 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 3 large eggs, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup lightly packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dark corn syrup, 1 cup cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted nuts, 6 ounces mini marshmallows], title: Heavenly Hash Brownies, picturelink: H2Xt0Sv5qVo6TqHeV4c0yi6qiSb6Iii}, 26943: {instructions: Combine the broth, eggplant, tamarillos, mushrooms, bell pepper, garlic, basil, and oregano in a large saucepan or Dutch oven. Bring the mixture to a boil.nReduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, for 30 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Season to taste.nServe topped with grated Parmesan., ingredients: [1 12 cups chicken broth, 1 small eggplant, peeled and diced 5 to 6 cups, 4 tamarillos, any variety, peeled and diced, 1 12 cups sliced mushrooms, 1 red, yellow or orange bell pepper, chopped, 1 clove elephant garlic, minced, or 3 cloves regular garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Tamarillo Ratatouille, picturelink: null}, 26944: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine cooked rice, milk, sugar and butter in a medium saucepan. Add raisins and vanilla. Cook for 25 minutes until most of the liquid is absorbed. Mix in lemon zest and 12 teaspoon of cinnamon. Spoon pudding into a serving dish and dust with remaining cinnamon. May serve chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 cups white rice, cooked, 3 cups milk, 23 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup raisins, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Zest of 1 lemon, grated, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, divided], title: Rockin Rice Pudding, picturelink: 2QgAUAYbJpwOABMsCLypYQof6gJMFX2}, 26945: {instructions: Combine one package of gelatin with the milk and bloom for five minutes.nIn a small saucepan, combine half a cup of water with the sugar and coconut extract and bring to a boil. Combine with the gelatin mixture and stir until all solids dissolve. Lubricate molds with oil and pour in gelatin mixture. Refrigerate for one hour. Gently tap and shake to unmold.nFor the iris, combine remaining gelatin with 14 cup of water and bloom for five minutes. In a small saucepan, bring the remaining water to a boil. Remove and gently stir into gelatin mixture until solids dissolve. Create the colors of your choice using the food coloring kit. Using an eyedropper, fill the indentation of the eyeballs with the colored gelatin. It will set within moments of contact with the cold gelatin.nIn a small ramekin, mix one drop of each color to create black for the pupil. Dip a toothpick into the black and paint the center of the iris. To achieve bloodshot eyes, use red food coloring and brush with a cotton swab around the base of each eyeball., ingredients: [1 12 packages of unflavored powdered gelatin, 12 cup low fat milk, 1 cup water, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon coconut extract, Oil, for lubricating molds, Food coloring set red, yellow, blue, and green], title: Spooky Edible Eyes, picturelink: i9ahHCjvxLLlLkHYF2v8PJfhD1X5L2y}, 26946: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add tequila, lime juice, Simple Syrup and orange liqueur. Cover and shake until mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Place Limesaltsugar on a plate. Press the rim of a chilled rocks or wine glass into the mixture to rim the edge. Strain margarita into the glass.nFill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add tequila, lime juice, Simple Syrup and orange liqueur. Cover and shake until mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Place Limesaltsugar on a plate. Press the rim of a chilled rocks or wine glass into the mixture to rim the edge. Strain margarita into the glass.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month.nBlend together lime, salt and sugar in a small blender or mini food chopper.nBlend together lime, salt and sugar in a small blender or mini food chopper., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 3 ounces tequila, 2 ounces freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 12 to 1 teaspoon orange liqueur, 1 tablespoon Limesaltsugar, recipe follows, Ice cubes, 3 ounces tequila, 2 ounces freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 12 to 1 teaspoon orange liqueur, 1 tablespoon Limesaltsugar, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, Zest of one lime, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, Zest of one lime, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Margarita, picturelink: PjCSgeI9Paqr2cRZuGU1afm70II.7G}, 26947: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the olive oil, garlic, thyme, bay leaves, lemon zest, crushed red pepper flakes and fennel seeds. Bring to a boil then turn the heat off and let it sit for at least 1 hour. Big tip: This can be done ahead and used for LOTS of different things.nUsing a mandoline, slice 1 potato extremely thin, paper thin, in elongated rounds. Lay a piece of parchment paper on a clean, dry work surface. Arrange 3 potato slices in an overlapping vertical line pressing them together as you put them on the parchment. Repeat this process until you have a 4 by 6inch overlapping potato rectangle that replicates fish scales. Brush the potato scales with the infused oil and sprinkle with salt. Season the halibut with salt. Lay the halibut fillet closer to 1 end of the potato rectangle than the other and then roll the fish up in the potato slices, using the parchment to help facilitate the rolling. Press to compact and really adhere the potatoes to the fish. Brush the outside of the potatoes with the infused oil to seal the potatoes and to prevent the potatoes from turning brown, this will also help make a nice tight fish package. Reserve the fish in the refrigerator while preparing the remaining fillets. Refrigerate the fillets for at least 1 hour before cooking.nTo cook the fish:nAdd the infused olive oil to a large nonstick saute pan until the bottom is generously covered and bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat. Season the fish with salt and add to the pan. Cook the fish on both sides for 3 to 4 minutes frequently spooning the excess oil over the fish to baste it. The potatoes should be crispy golden brown and very well flavored and the fish will be succulent inside its crispy scales. Transfer to serving plates and serve.nThis will make a fish lover out of anyone, ingredients: [1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 6 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 thyme bundle, 2 bay leaves, 1 lemon, zest removed from the lemon with a vegetable peeler in wide strips, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 3 Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed, 4 6ounce Pacific halibut fillets, Kosher salt], title: PotatoCrusted Halibut, picturelink: 0M7lEHLOrN9gG1Mmp29Oh08gnIAtVi}, 26948: {instructions: Add the fresh herbs to the work bowl of a Cuisinartu00ae food processor fitted with the metal blade. Process for 20 seconds to mince remove and reserve. Insert the 6 mm slicing blade. Use medium pressure to slice the onion use light pressure to slice the peppers. Remove and reserve. Use medium pressure to slice the zucchini and yellow squash. Remove and reserve do not combine with onions and peppers. Place the oil in a Cuisinartu00ae Hard Anodized NonStick 1212  inch StirFry Pan over medium  high heat. When hot, add the onions and peppers, cook to soften, about 3  4 minutes. Add the squashes and salt, cook until tender and lightly golden brown, stirring now and then, about 8  10 minutes. Add the vinegar, reduce until it is a glaze. Stir in the reserved chopped fresh herbs and the pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces zucchini 114  inch or less in diameter, cut to fit feed tube, 12 ounces yellow squash 114  inch or less in diameter, cut to fit feed tube, 1 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons white balsamic or fruit flavored vinegar, 14 cup loosely packed mixed fresh herbs parsley, tarragon, thyme, rosemary, etc., 1 red onion 6 ounce, peeled, cut in half lengthwise, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, cut in 4 slabs to fit feed tube, 1 yellow bell pepper, cored, seeded, cut in 4 slabs to fit feed tube], title: Glazed Vegetables with Fresh Herbs, picturelink: null}, 26949: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put onethird of the lemon juice and all of the squeezed lemons in a bowl of cold water. One at a time, cut off the top third of each artichoke with a serrated knife, then cut off and reserve the stem. Snap off the tough bottom leaves and trim the leaf tips with shears. Spread the center leaves open and scrape out the choke with a spoon. As you trim each artichoke, place it in the lemon water. Peel and dice the stems.nHeat an ovenproof pot over medium heat. Add 3 tablespoons olive oil and the bacon and cook until crisp, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Transfer the mixture to a bowl stir in the lemon zest, breadcrumbs, parsley, egg, parmesan, dressing mix and pepper to taste. Stuff into the center of each artichoke and sprinkle between the leaves.nWipe out the pot add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and heat over medium heat. Add the artichoke stems, remaining lemon juice and 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Arrange the artichokes snugly in the pot baste with the cooking liquid and drizzle with olive oil. Cover and bake until tender, about 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until crisp, about 10 more minutes. Serve with the cooking liquid.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [3 lemons 1 zested, 3 juiced squeezed lemons reserved, 4 large artichokes, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 ounces bacon, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 cups fresh breadcrumbs, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 1 hardcooked egg, peeled and chopped, 13 cup grated parmesan cheese, 1 1ounce packet ranch dressing mix, Freshly ground pepper], title: RanchStuffed Artichokes, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 26950: {instructions: Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the peas and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes or until just tender. Drain the peas and transfer them to a large bowl. Add the oil and vinegar, and toss to thoroughly coat the peas. Set them aside to cool to room temperature. When you are ready to serve the salad, gently stir in the bell peppers, red onion, scallions, basil, salt, and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups shelled fresh young green peas, 3 tablespoons garlicflavored olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup diced red bell pepper, 12 cup diced yellow bell pepper, 14 cup chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Summer Green Pea Salad, picturelink: null}, 26951: {instructions: Drop 1 to 3 raspberries in each of 4 Champagne flutes. Add 1 to 2 teaspoons of creme de cassis in the bottom of each glass. Top off each glass with some prosecco. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pint raspberries, 1 to 2 tablespoons creme de cassis, Prosecco, chilled, for serving], title: Berry Kir Royale, picturelink: HfoFLr4NpbWnd.CF8ocu6zNxB39uTaW}, 26952: {instructions: In a heavy skillet, heat oil and saute onions for 5 minutes. Add garlic, peppers, tomatoes, spices, and meat and saute for 5 more minutes. Add Sherry and simmer, uncovered, 5 minutes. Add potatoes and enough water to cover meat and potatoes. Let simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 25 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Can be served with white rice., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 large white onion, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 chopped green pepper, 1 cup chopped canned tomatoes, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon dry oregano, 1 tablespoon dry cilantro, 2 12 pounds beef top round, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 cup dry Sherry, 4 large peeled potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and white pepper, White rice, as an accompaniment], title: Cuban Beef Stew: Carne con Papas, picturelink: null}, 26953: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, combine turkey, garlic and herb seasoning, egg white and 12 teaspoon each salt and black pepper. Mix well and shape mixture into about 32 meatballs. Place meatballs in bottom of slow cooker.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together tomato sauce, broth, chili sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, and thyme. Pour mixture over meatballs.nCover and cook on LOW for 6 to 8 hours or on HIGH for 3 to 4 hours. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Serve half of the Meatballs with Mashed Red Potatoes and Steamed Broccoli. Refrigerate the other half for TurkeyStuffed Zucchini Boats later in the week.nPlace potatoes and garlic cloves in a large saucepan and pour over enough water to cover. Set pan over high heat and bring to a boil. Boil 8 minutes until potatoes are forktender. Drain and return potatoes and garlic cloves to pan. Mash in sour cream until desired consistency. Fold in chives. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds ground turkey breast, 2 teaspoons saltfree garlic and herb seasoning or poultry seasoning, 1 egg white, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 15ounce cans tomato sauce, 2 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 cup chili sauce, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, Mashed Red Potatoes, recipe follows, Steamed Broccoli, recipe follows, 8 medium red potatoes, cut into 1inch pieces skin on, 6 whole cloves garlic, 1 cup light sour cream, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 cups broccoli florets, 2 tablespoons water, Salt and pepper, Lemon wedges, In a microwaveable bowl, add broccoli florets and water. Cover and cook in microwave 2 to 3 minutes, or until crisp tender. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with lemon, if desired.], title: SweetNSour Turkey Meatballs, picturelink: z22uQhMWsKqJcGCeleFtfoXp4.a26Q2}, 26954: {}, 26955: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Place paper liners in a 12cup muffin tin. Prepare the cupcakes: Combine the flours, pudding mix, baking powder, potato starch, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in a bowl with a whisk.nIn a separate bowl, cream the butter and sugars with a mixer on low speed until combined, 6 to 8 minutes. Gradually mix in the vanilla and egg whites. Scrape down the sides of the bowl continue mixing until light and fluffy. Add the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the maple syrup and halfandhalf, mixing after each addition and ending with flour. Mix until the ingredients are just combined do not overmix. Fold in the bacon.nPour the batter into the prepared muffin tin, filling each cup about threequarters of the way. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Cool completely.nMeanwhile, prepare the glaze: Beat the cream cheese and butter with a mixer on medium speed until creamy. Add the confectioners sugar, maple syrup and cinnamon beat until combined. Spread on the cooled cupcakes top with chopped bacon, if desired.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cake flour, 1 3.9ounce box instant vanilla pudding mix, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon potato starch, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 large egg whites, at room temperature, 14 cup maple syrup, 12 cup halfandhalf, at room temperature, 12 cup chopped cooked bacon 5 strips, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 14 cup maple syrup, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 3 strips bacon, cooked and chopped optional], title: Maple French Toast and Bacon Cupcakes, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 26956: {instructions: Special equipment: metallic green, metallic gold andor dark brown cupcake linersnFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup standard muffin tins with cupcake liners. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a small bowl. Set aside. Combine the butter, granulated sugar, sour cream, vanilla and eggs in a large bowl and whisk until smooth. Stir in the flour mixture until just combined. Stir in the chocolate chips. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin cups, filling each about threequarters full. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 21 to 23 minutes, rotating the pans once about halfway through baking. Cool the cupcakes in the pans for 5 minutes, and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nFor the frosting: Beat the butter, peanut butter, vanilla and salt using an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat in the confectioners sugar and continue to beat until smooth and fluffy, about 2 minutes more.nFor the assembly and decorating: Put 1 cup of frosting in a piping bag fitted with a large round tip and set aside. Put the jimmies in a shallow bowl. Frost a cupcake, using about 2 tablespoons of the remaining frosting per cupcake, and then gently dipping the top into the jimmies, turning the cupcake until the top is coated. Repeat with the remaining cupcakes. Arrange the cupcakes in 4 rows on a large serving plate or cutting board. Fit a marshmallow between each cupcake, 5 marshmallows per row, to fill in the gaps between the cupcakes in the rows. Using the frosting in the piping bag, pipe thick cross shapes between where the cupcakes meet one another and over the marshmallows so there are no visible gaps between the cupcakes. Sprinkle with jimmies to coat.nTo make goal posts for the cupcake field, microwave the chocolate chips in a small microwavesafe bowl until just melted, 30 to 45 seconds. Keep 2 cookie sticks whole for the bases of the posts. Cut off and discard or eat the bottom third of the remaining cookie sticks. Dip the top of one of the longest cookie sticks into the melted chocolate and adhere it to the middle of one of the cut cookie sticks so that they form a capital T shape. Next, dip the cut ends of two short sticks into chocolate and adhere them to either side of the cross on the T. Lay the goal post on a flat surface and repeat with the remaining 4 cookie sticks to make the second goal. Allow goals to fully harden, 15 to 20 minutes, or place in the refrigerator for 10 minutes.nUsing the decorators icing, pipe 10 lines across the cupcake field to represent yard lines. Pipe out the number 50 in the middle for the 50yard line. Heat the Tootsie Rolls in the microwave on high in 5second intervals until they are soft and pliable. Mash them together and form into a football. Use the icing to pipe the lacing on the football use a toothpick if necessary to help define the lacing. Place the football on the field. Place the gummy candies on the field to represent players and then stick the goal posts into cupcakes at each end of the field., ingredients: [3 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 5 large eggs, 12 cup mini chocolate chips, 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup creamy peanut butter, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 2 12 cups dark green jimmies, 15 large marshmallows, 2 tablespoons mini chocolate chips, 8 chocolate cream covered cookie sticks, such as Pocky sticks, One 4.25ounce tube white decorators icing, 2 small chocolate chewy candies, such as midgiesize Tootsie Rolls, unwrapped, 22 fruitflavored gummy candies in 2 different colors, or 11 chocolatecovered raisins or peanuts and 11 yogurtcovered raisins or peanuts], title: Pull Apart Touchdown Cupcakes, picturelink: WwKzpV6kHnBs1w9B4mMwEQzamSYelu}, 26957: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the tortillas and cook, turning with tongs, until golden, about 3 minutes drain on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining tortillas. Reduce the heat to medium and add the zucchini cook, stirring occasionally, until crisptender, about 2 minutes. Stir in the chicken, tomatillo salsa, 34 cup water and the cilantro bring to a simmer and cook 2 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the broiler. Spread half of the fried tortillas in an 8inchsquare baking dish. Top with about half of the chicken mixture and 12 cup cheese. Cover with the remaining tortillas, then the remaining chicken mixture and cheese. Broil until the cheese is melted, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve topped with radishes, red onion and cilantro.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [12 cup vegetable oil, 15 corn tortillas, quartered, 1 small zucchini, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, 1 cup tomatillo salsa, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping, 1 cup shredded mozzarella or Mexican cheese blend, Sliced radishes and chopped red onion, for topping], title: ChickenZucchini Chilaquiles, picturelink: HUcTA5gcIu06BVt5Ugo1BhYT6Qg8y}, 26958: {instructions: To make the fries: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel the potatoes and cut into desired Frenchfry size. Place in a plastic bag along with the oil and shake until potatoes are evenly coated. Coat a baking sheet with nonstick spray. Put the potatoes on the baking sheet in a single layer and sprinkle with cayenne and black pepper.nBake, turning potatoes once, until golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, to make the ketchup: Stir all ingredients together in a small bowl and set aside. If you like it chunky serve as is. If you dont want the ketchup chunky, put ingredients into a food processor to puree.nWhen the fries are done, sprinkle with salt and serve immediately with the ketchup., ingredients: [4 russet potatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 14 cup finely minced red onion, chopped, soaked in cold water for 30 minutes, drained and squeezed dry, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons dark brown sugar, Pinch ground allspice, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Janettes OvenBaked French Fries with Homemade Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 26959: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Place a baking sheet in oven to keep cooked cutlets crisp.nButterfly the chicken breast pieces across the breast but not all the way through, open the meat up and set into a plastic food storage bag or 2 pieces waxed paper. Gently pound out each piece into very thin, large cutlets. Pile cutlets on a plate and season with salt and pepper.nArrange a station for breading: flour, 2 beaten eggs, bread crumbs mixed with paprika, parsley and the zest of a lemon.nHeat just enough oil to coat the bottom of a large nonstick skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat.nBread 2 cutlets in flour, then egg, then bread crumb mixture and cook 2 to 3 minutes on each side, transfer to oven, add a bit more oil, if necessary, and repeat. Keep the cooked cutlets hot in the warm oven. Wipe pan clean, add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil heat then add roasted red peppers, season with salt and pepper and wilt them 4 to 5 minutes.nWhile cutlets are in oven and peppers are cooking up, heat 1 tablespoon of butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add 4 eggs and fry to desired doneness, season with salt and pepper.nArrange some lettuce on each dinner plate, top with 1 cutlet, and some of the lemon juice over top. Arrange some roasted red pepper strips, 2 anchovy fillets, 1 tablespoon capers and a fried egg, sunnyside up or over easy on top of the cutlets. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [4 pieces chicken breast, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, 6 eggs, divided, 2 cups seasoned bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, A handful flatleaf parsley, leaves chopped, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, divided, plus wedges for serving, 4 to 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 jar roasted red peppers, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 heart romaine lettuce, shredded, 8 anchovy fillets, 4 tablespoons capers], title: Paprika Chicken Schnitzel with Fried Eggs Holstein, picturelink: rXySq96y9HM.d5xhCjLK.j3OMNhNTiS}, 26960: {instructions: Melt the butter on low heat in a large pot. Blend together the bishop seeds, cardamom seeds and black cumin until powder form using coffee grinder or food processor. Pour into the butter. Add the dried koseret. Bring to a boil then simmer for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool. When room temperature, skim the frothy milk solids off of the top. Carefully pour the clear, clarified butter into a large storage container.nThis recipe was provided by a professional chef or restaurant and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [6 pounds unsalted butter, 13 cup bishop seed also known as ajwain, similar to thyme, 13 cup cardamom seeds, 13 cup black cumin, 13 cup koseret dried woodsy flavored herb, dried oregano can be substituted], title: Niter Kibbeh: Ethiopian Spiced Butter, picturelink: null}, 26961: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add sweet potatoes and cook 12 to 15 minutes until very tender. Drain sweet potatoes in a colander. Return pan to medium heat. Add butter to the pan. When butter melts, add nuts and toast for 2 minutes. Add sugar and let it bubble. Add bourbon and cook out alcohol, 1 minute. Add orange juice and the cooked sweet potatoes. Smash with a masher and season the sweet potatoes with nutmeg, salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 medium sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, 3 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 12 cup chopped pecans, a couple of handfuls, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 ounces bourbon, 12 cup orange juice, 14 to 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and pepper], title: Bourbon Pecan Smashed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: wIauABOh1aGfGQ9HWhPaAhQXv3AoK4K}, 26962: {instructions: Combine mayonnaise with lemon juice, zest and mustard in a bowl using a whisk. Slowly drizzle in olive oil to create a simple emulsion. Fold in the herbs and capers with a spatula and chill slightly before serving with poached fish or seafood., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup coarsely chopped flat parsley leaves, 14 cup fresh chopped dill, 2 tablespoons tiny capers, coarsely chopped], title: Herb and Caper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 26963: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the sweet and sour sauce: Mix the tomato sauce, peach preserves, chili sauce, sugar, orange zest, orange juice, red wine vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and Neely Dry Rub in a medium saucepan. Simmer while you prepare the meatballs.nFor the meatballs: Combine the turkey, shallot, panko, Parmesan, egg, parsley, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper together in a large bowl and mix well. Shape the mixture into the size of walnuts and place in a single layer in a 13by9inch casserole dish.nPour the sweet and sour sauce over the meatballs, cover with foil, and bake for 35 minutes. Remove the foil and bake 10 minutes more. Serve with decorative bamboo toothpicks., ingredients: [1 20ounce can tomato sauce, 1 cup peach preserves, 1 cup chili sauce, 14 cup light brown sugar, 12 orange, zested and juiced, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon Neely Dry Rub, 1 12 pounds ground turkey, 1 shallot, minced, 1 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Pinch of red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet and Sour Meatballs, picturelink: fj3LuaEBaNWaixjJ0bRr1WdKdRzsr7u}, 26964: {instructions: Pulse the kiwis in a blender until smooth, strain the juice. Place the kiwi juice, Sprite and orange juice in a pitcher and stir to combine. Fill each glass with ice and divide the mixture among the glasses., ingredients: [8 kiwis, peeled and chopped, 4 cups Sprite, Juice of 2 oranges, Ice cubes], title: Kiwi Cooler, picturelink: null}, 26965: {instructions: Special equipment: Cookie cutters in desired shapesnFor the cookies: Whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a small bowl.nBeat the brown sugar and butter with an electric mixer on medium speed in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes beat in the egg, then the vanilla. Add the flour mixture and mix on mediumlow speed until completely incorporated. Divide the dough in half, pat into 2 discs about 14 inch thick, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour and up to overnight.nPosition oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nLet the dough sit at room temperature for a few minutes to make rolling easier. Roll out 1 disc of dough at a time between 2 pieces of parchment paper until 18 inch thick. Cut out shapes with the cookie cutters and arrange about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets.nBake until the cookies are golden brown on the bottom, 10 to 12 minutes. Let the cookies cool on the baking sheets until firm enough to transfer to a wire rack let cool completely.nGently gather any scraps into a ball and press into a disc wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate the disc until firm enough to roll, about 1 hour. Cut out as many cookies as possible and bake.nFor the royal icing: Beat the confectioners sugar, meringue powder and 13 cup water with an electric mixer in a large bowl until stiff peaks form. Beat in the food coloring if using. The icing can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 2 days.nDecorate the cookies with the icing top with decorating sugar and sprinkles if using., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup meringue powder, Food coloring, optional, Decorating sugar, for topping, optional, Sprinkles, for topping, optional], title: Brown Sugar Cookies, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 26966: {instructions: shortening, and salt until mixture resembles meal. Add 2 tablespoons ice water and toss or pulse until water is incorporated. If necessary add enough of remaining ice water to form a dough and form dough into disk. Lightly dust dough with flour and chill, wrapped in waxed paper, 1 hour, ingredients: [1 14 cups all purpose flour, 34 stick 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into tiny bits, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 to 4 tablespoons ice water], title: Pate Brisee, picturelink: null}, 26967: {instructions: Soak cellophane noodles in hot water for 10 minutes, until soft. Drain and set aside.nWhile the noodles are soaking, in a small bowl, whisk together broth, soy sauce, cornstarch, and red pepper flakes. Set aside.nHeat oil in a wok or large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add ginger and garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add shrimp and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until pink. Add broth mixture and cook 1 minute, until shrimp are cooked through and sauce thickens. Remove from heat and stir in scallions. Serve half of the shrimp over cellophane noodles with all of the sauce. Reserve remaining shrimp for shrimp cakes, if desired., ingredients: [8 ounces cellophane noodles, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon peanut or vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 3 pounds large or jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 cup scallions, chopped], title: Spicy WokSeared Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 26968: {instructions: Halve and pit the avocados with a spoon scoop out the flesh into a bowl. Mash the avocados with a fork, leaving them a bit chunky. Add the remaining ingredients, and fold everything gently together to mix. Taste and adjust seasoning.nLay a piece of plastic wrap right on the surface of the guacamole so it doesnt brown and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [4 ripe avocados, 2 limes, juiced, 12 medium red onion, finely chopped, 1 big handful fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 26969: {instructions: Heat a deep soup pot set over medium heat. Add the schmaltz to render, then add the onions and cover to sweat until soft, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic, then cover and sweat, without browning, until soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the sausage and sweat, covered, until the mixture turns amber in color, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the kale, pushing it down to get it all in the pot. Season with salt and pepper. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally until the kale cooks down by half, is incorporated into the onionsausage mix and is covered with schmaltz, about 30 minutes.nAdd the Rich Chicken Broth, stir well, then cover the pot and simmer for 1 hour.nMeanwhile, cook the beans. Drain the beans and place in a medium pot. Cover with fresh cold water, then cover and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until tender, 25 to 30 minutes.nDrain and add the beans to the soup. Add the potatoes to a medium pot set over mediumhigh heat and cover with cold water. Cook until almost cooked through the potatoes will continue to cook after theyre drained. Drain the potatoes then lay them out in single layer on a sheet tray and refrigerate to stop the cooking process.nWhen cool add the potatoes to the soup, bring back to a simmer and add the hot sauce. Serve hot.nPlace the chickens in a large stockpot and add enough water to cover, about 2 gallons. Bring to a boil, skimming the scum as it surfaces.nWhen all the scum is removed and the stock is boiling add the onions, celery, thyme, bay leaves, carrots, garlic, parsley and peppercorns. Bring back to a boil, lower the heat to a slow boil, then cover and simmer until the flavor develops, 4 to 6 hours.nCool the stock and refrigerate overnight allowing the flavors to marry.nRemove the fat schmaltz from the top of the broth to use in the kale soup. Strain the broth and use as you please Yield: 1 12 gallons, ingredients: [4 tablespoons schmaltz, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 pounds smoked linguica sausage, sliced into rings, 2 12 pounds kale, washed, stemmed and cut into chiffonade, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 1 gallon Rich Chicken Broth, heated, recipe follows, 12 ounces dried red kidney beans, soaked overnight, 2 extralarge Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut to medium dice, 7 to 8 drops hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 2 whole organic chickens 3 to 4 pounds each, breasts removed for another use, 2 pounds yellow onions, chopped, 1 pound celery, chopped, 3 sprigs thyme, 2 to 3 bay leaves, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 bulb garlic, halved, 1 bunch parsley, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns], title: Portuguese Kale Soup, picturelink: P1WxqfMZSpcZ5.6y3MWnpEViYtz7yXe}, 26970: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the shrimp with the 2 tablespoons salt and the 4 cups ice water. Refrigerate 20 minutes, but no more. Meanwhile mince together the tomatoes, garlic, and parsley. Transfer them to a medium bowl and stir in the hot pepper and 2 tablespoons of the olive oil.nDrain, rinse, and pat the shrimp dry. Toss them with the tomato mixture. Keep cold.nFilm a large skillet or griddle with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and warm over medium heat. Saute the shrimp, sprinkling with salt and pepper, about 2 to 3 minutes per side, until pink and just firm. Pile all the seasonings over the shrimp after turning them.nTransfer the shrimp onto a serving platter along with the seasonings. Serve hot or warm, with the lemon wedges. Squeeze a little lemon over the shrimp just before eating., ingredients: [1 12 pounds jumbo shrimp 8 to 10 per pound, shelled and deveined, with tails left intact, 2 tablespoons salt, plus more to taste, 4 cups ice water, 3 to 4 sundried tomatoes not packed in oil, plumped 10 minutes in hot water and drained, 3 large cloves garlic, 3 tightly packed tablespoons fresh Italian parsley leaves, 18 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large lemon, cut into 8 wedges], title: Adriatic Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 26971: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease a 12portion nonstick muffin tin with melted butter.nCut circles out of the pie crusts using a 3 12inch plain cutter and transfer them to the cups of the muffin tin. Press the dough evenly into the edges of each muffin cup, lining the sides. Whisk the milk, confectioners sugar, egg yolks and egg together in a large glass measuring cup until smooth.nCarefully pour the milksugar mixture into each crust, leaving 18 inch at the top. Bake in the center of the oven until the pastry begins to brown, the filling is set but still jiggles, and a toothpick inserted into the center of a tart comes out clean, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes before removing.nMeanwhile, combine the brown sugar with 2 tablespoons water in a small saucepan over medium heat and stir until completely melted. Stir in the butter and cinnamon until melted and smooth. Remove from the heat and cool.nTo serve, arrange about 5 banana slices on top of each tart, overlapping them in a flower petal pattern. Serve the tarts immediately with caramel sauce drizzled over the top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more, melted, for greasing the pan, 2 premade unbaked refrigerated pie crusts, 1 14 cups whole milk, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 1 large egg, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 bananas, thinly sliced into halfmoons, Caramel sauce, for serving, Special equipment: 3 12inch plain cutter], title: Egg Custard Tarts with Bananas and Caramel, picturelink: null}, 26972: {instructions: Grease a pudding mold well with extra butter and dust with flour. Cover top with large piece of greased foil an fold snugly over sides of mold to keep steam out. Remember to leave some slack in foil because pudding will need room to expand.nMix together breadcrumbs, Craisins, molasses and melted butter. Combine baking soda and water and add to crumb mixture mix well.nSift together flour, ginger, cinnamon and salt. Stir into crumb mixture. Pour mixture into greased pudding mold.nPlace mold on rack in steamer or large pot. Add boiling water to halfway up sides of pudding mold. Cover and steam for 2 hours or until firm to touch., ingredients: [2 cups dried plain breadcrumbs, 1 cup dried sweetened cranberries Craisins, 12 cup molasses, 14 cup butter, melted, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon boiling water, 12 cup flour, allpurpose, 1 teaspoon of ginger, 1 teaspoon allspice, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: New England Christmas Pudding, picturelink: null}, 26973: {instructions: To make the raspberry sauce: In a food processor puree the raspberries. Add the lemon juice, raspberry liqueur, and sugar. Stir or whisk until sugar dissolves.nTo make the lemon cream: In a mixing bowl mix together the cream and sugar. Whip at high speed until soft peaks form. Add the lemon juice and grated lemon zest and continue whipping until stiff peaks form. Set aside in the refrigerator while you grill the peaches.nTo make the peaches: Halve and pit the peaches, set aside. In a small pan over medium heat melt the butter, then add the sugar and stir until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat. Brush the peach halves all over with the butter mixture. Grill over direct medium heat until browned in spots and warm throughout, 8 to 10 minutes. Turn every 2 or 3 minutes. Serve peaches warm with the raspberry sauce and lemon cream., ingredients: [3 cups fresh raspberries, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon raspberry liqueur, 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 cup cold heavy cream, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 6 large peaches, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup granulated sugar], title: Grilled Peaches with Raspberry Sauce and Lemon Cream, picturelink: VuD6c68KNdgahb8OchdHGV9fzZycG}, 26974: {instructions: For the marinade: In a food processor, blend the garlic cloves, ginger, and cilantro to a paste consistency. Add the tamarind concentrate, ground turmeric, and chile powder to the paste, and stir well to combine. Rub the chicken pieces all over with the spice mixture.nFor the xacutti masala: Heat a frying pan over a medium heat, add the sesame seeds, poppy seeds, chiles, cloves, pepper, fennel seeds, cinnamon stick, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, and unsalted peanuts, and dry fry for 30 to 45 seconds, or until the spices are fragrant. Using a spice grinder, transfer the mixture and grind the roasted spices to a fine powder.nFor the sauce base: In a separate frying pan, heat 2 tablespoons oil over a medium heat. When the oil is hot, add half of the chopped onions, and fry for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the onions are golden brown. Add the grated coconut, and fry for another 3 to 4 minutes, stirring well. Remove the pan from the heat, and set aside.nIn a separate pan, heat 3 tablespoons oil, add the remaining chopped onions and fry for 4 to 5 minutes, or until golden brown. Add the marinated chicken pieces, and any remaining marinade left in the bowl, and fry for 4 to 5 minutes, stirring continuously, or until the chicken is golden brown. Add the reserved coconut and onion mixture to the chicken mixture and stir well. Continue to cook the mixture for 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd the xacutti masala mixture and stir until well combined. Bring the mixture to a simmer and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the oil separates from the rest of the mixture. Season the mixture with salt, to taste.nAdd the tomato puree and the boiling water, and bring to a boil, stirring well. Reduce the heat to low, and simmer the mixture for 20 to 30 minutes, stirring frequently, until the chicken is tender, and the sauce has thickened.nTo serve the dish, spoon the xacutti onto serving plates. Garnish with the chopped fresh cilantro, grated coconut, and lime wedges., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, peeled and left whole, 1 34inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon tamarind concentrate, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 teaspoon red chile powder, 1 whole chicken, skin removed, cut into pieces, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 12 tablespoon poppy seeds, 6 whole Kashmiri chiles , 1 teaspoon cloves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon chopped unsalted peanuts, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 3 onions, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly grated coconut, plus extra for garnish, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon tomato puree, 4 ounces boiling water, For service:, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 lime, cut into wedges], title: Xacutti, picturelink: null}, 26975: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nOn a work surface lay out 3 sheets of phyllo dough, brushing lightly with butter in between sheets. Cut stacked sheets into four squares. Place 1ounce of chocolate in the center of each square. Gather the four corners of the phyllo square up around the chocolate and twist together to form a purse. Repeat process for each square and then the remaining phyllo sheets and chocolate. Transfer the purses to a baking sheet. Brush purses with remaining butter and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake for 10 minutes or until golden brown.nIn a blender combine the raspberries, liqueur, and water and process until smooth. Add additional water, if necessary, to achieve desired consistency. Pass the puree through a sieve to remove the seeds.nServe the phyllo purses warm with the raspberry puree., ingredients: [6 sheets phyllo dough, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups raspberries, 2 tablespoons framboise, raspberry or other liqueur, 2 tablespoons water], title: Chocolate Phyllo Purses, picturelink: null}, 26976: {instructions: Mound tortilla chips in a pile on a platter. Sprinkle with Neelys Seasoning.nSpread chopped pork, beef or chicken on top of chips. Sprinkle with seasoning again and pour the Neelys Barbeque Sauce onto meat. Top with the melted nacho cheese.nLightly sprinkle more Neelys Barbeque Seasoning onto cheese. Top with jalapenos for additional spice.nMix all ingredients together.nIn a large saucepan, combine all ingredients and mix well. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to simmer. Cooked uncovered, stirring frequently every 15 minutes, for 1 hour and 15 minutes.n3 12 cups, ingredients: [1 bag tortilla chips, 12 cup Neelys Barbecue Seasoning, recipe follows, 6 ounces chopped pork, beef or chicken, 4 ounces Neelys Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 4 ounces nacho cheese, melted, 1 4ounce can sliced jalapenos, drained, 34 cup white sugar, 1 12 cups paprika, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Neelys BBQ Nachos, picturelink: null}, 26977: {instructions: Special equipment: an immersion blendernMelt the butter in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and thyme and cook, stirring, until the garlic is fragrant, about 1 minute.nIncrease the heat to mediumhigh and add both cans of tomatoes, the stock and cream. Bring to a brisk simmer, reduce the heat to maintain a low simmer and cook until slightly thickened and the flavors have melded, about 20 minutes.nPuree the soup with an immersion blender until almost smooth. Add the nutmeg and season with salt and pepper. Serve in cups or small bowls and garnish with the chives., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 medium onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, One 15ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 14 cup heavy cream, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives], title: Tomato Soup, picturelink: PiVCAITyHgeS1MTCEQwDHGY1Mb2ezC6}, 26978: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place a heavyduty baking pan sprayed with nonstick spray in the oven to heat.nMix together the melted butter, Dijon and dill in a pie plate. In another pie plate, combine the panko, cayenne and some salt and pepper. Dredge the fish through the melted butter mixture and then through the panko. Place on the hot sheet trays in the oven and bake until cooked through and lightly golden, 12 to 15 minutes.nAssemble the sandwich by slathering the toasted split roll with Tartar Sauce, topping with the breaded fish fillet and adding the tomato slices and shredded lettuce.nMix the mayonnaise, relish, dill, mustard and hot sauce together in a small bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 to 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Two 6ounce tilapia fillets, Two 6inch soft French rolls, split and toasted, Tartar Sauce, recipe follows, 1 beefsteak tomato, sliced, Iceberg lettuce, shredded, 12 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons pickled relish, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Dash hot sauce], title: Tilapia Sandwich, picturelink: PM2NCIG067zu0OMXnHAUvzvaIu0EV5y}, 26979: {instructions: Slice the carrots into coins. Put them in a saute pan with the butter, salt, sugar, and 1 cup water. Cook, tossing occasionally, until the carrots are tender and the liquid has reduced to a glaze. Scatter over the parsley, and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds carrots, 4 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt, 1 to 2 teaspoons sugar, Handful chopped fresh parsley sprigs], title: Vichy Carrots, picturelink: null}, 26980: {instructions: Crust Preparation:nUsing 2 pastry blenders, blend the flours, sugar, shortening, butter and salt. Whisk the egg, vinegar and water in a 2cup measure and pour over the dry ingredients incorporating all the liquid without overworking the dough. Toss the additional flour over the ball of dough and chill if possible. Divide the dough into 2 disks. Roll out 1 piece of dough to make a bottom crust. Place into a pie dish. Put dish in refrigerator to chill.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nFilling Preparation:nMix the rhubarb, strawberries, sugar, tapioca, flour, zest and juice of lemon, dash of cinnamon, and vanilla. Mix well in a large bowl and pour out into chilled crust. Dot the top of the filling with the butter. Brush edges of pie crust with egg white wash. Roll out the other piece of dough and place over filling. Crimp to seal edges. Brush with egg white wash and garnish with large granule sugar. Collar with foil and bake at 425 degrees F for 15 minutes. Decrease temperature to 375 degrees F and bake for an additional 45 to 50 minutes, or until the filling starts bubbling. Higher altitude will take 450 degrees F and 400 degrees F respectively. Also, you can use a pie bird for extra decor. Let cool before serving., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional flour as needed, up to 14 cup, 12 cup cake flour recommended: Soft As Silk, 3 teaspoons sifted powdered sugar, 12 cup butterflavored shortening recommended: Crisco, 14 cup salted butter, Pinch salt, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons vinegar, 14 cup ice cold water, 2 12 cups chopped red rhubarb, fresh, 2 12 cups destemmed, washed and cut strawberries in larger pieces, 1 12 cups sugar 1 14 cups for high altitude, 2 tablespoons minute tapioca, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons butter, cubed small, 1 egg white beaten with 1 teaspoon water, Large granule sugar], title: Grandmas StrawberryRhubarb Pie, picturelink: dCm6UC7TC9eqgskXPevKt8I60smZU.C}, 26981: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large saucepan over high heat for 3 minutes. Add the oil and the popcorn kernels, and cover the pan with a lid. Cook, shaking the pan frequently, until you begin to hear popping. Cook on high for 1 minute more, then lower the heat to medium and continue cooking, shaking the pan, until the popping begins to slow down.nTurn off the heat and pour the popcorn into a large bowl. Toss with the melted butter, salt and graham cracker crumbs. Add the marshmallows and toss again. Spread the mixture out on a parchmentlined baking sheet and drizzle with the chocolate. Toss gently to incorporate. Set aside until the chocolate hardens, about 1 hour. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup popcorn kernels, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 12 teaspoon salt, 5 graham crackers, processed to fine crumbs about 12 cup, 1 cup mini marshmallows, 12 cup bittersweet chocolate chips, melted], title: Smores Popcorn, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 26982: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the butter and flour in the bowl of a stand mixer. Set the mixer to medium speed and mix just until combined. Add the rest of the dry ingredients almond flour, cocoa powder, salt, sugar, ancho chili powder.nAdd the egg and mix just until combined, about 30 seconds.nRemove the dough from the bowl and pat into a disk. Use a rolling pin to roll the dough about 14inch thick. Use a knife to cut a square about the size of the mold. Press the dough into the mold. Be sure to press firmly so the impressions of the mold are transferred onto the dough. Remove the dough and place on a parchment paper lined sheet pan.nIf you do not want to make a mold, you can also use cookie cutters. To do so, roll the dough to the desired size on a lightly floured work surface. Press the cookie cutters into the dough. Lift the cutter and place the cookies on a parchment paper lined baking sheet. Bake 20 minutes., ingredients: [Generous 12 cup cold unsalted butter, 2 cups cake flour, 14 cup almond flour, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, Pinch salt, 34 cup powdered sugar, Pinch ancho chili powder, 1 large egg, Cookie mold], title: Chocolate Hot Tamale, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 26983: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until it melts and starts to brown add the apples, reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring, until slightly tender, about 4 minutes. Stir in the honey and vinegar, then transfer to a large bowl to cool.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in the same skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the bread cubes and toss to coat, then transfer to one side of a large rimmed baking sheet add the sausage to the other side. Bake until the sausage is cooked through and the bread is toasted, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the sausage and bread to the bowl with the apples add the sage, thyme and rosemary.nHeat another 1 tablespoon butter in the skillet over medium heat. Add half each of the leeks, celery and parsnips, and 2 tablespoons water season with salt and pepper. Cook until the vegetables are translucent, about 8 minutes, then transfer to the bowl with the sausageapple mixture. Add the remaining leeks, celery and parsnips, and 2 tablespoons water to the skillet, season with salt and pepper and cook about 8 minutes transfer to the bowl and toss. Warm a spoonful of the stuffing in the skillet with a touch of butter and taste the seasoning adjust as needed. Its so important to taste your stuffing while its hot to get a sense of the seasonings and flavors. Add the chicken stock to the bowl and toss to moisten all of the ingredients.nReduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Brush a 9by13inch baking dish with 1 tablespoon butter. Transfer the stuffing mixture to the dish and dot with the remaining 3 tablespoons butter. Cover with aluminum foil and bake 40 minutes, then uncover and continue baking until golden brown, about 40 more minutes.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for tasting, 6 medium firm apples such as Macoun or Braeburn, peeled and cut into large cubes, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 slices white sandwich bread, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 pound spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, broken into bitesize pieces, 10 sage leaves, cut into thin strips, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 4 leeks white and light green parts only, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise, 6 stalks celery, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise, 1 pound small parsnips, peeled, quartered lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock], title: SausageApple Stuffing, picturelink: 5SNZEZmAsJv3f3wTJe9t7TQulKZoa.}, 26984: {instructions: Special equipment: a chinois or strainernMeasure the Peanut Butter Infused Rye, Salted Honey Syrup and bitters into a mixing glass, add ice and stir. Strain over fresh ice in a rocks glass.nCombine the peanut butter with the rye and freeze overnight.nStrain the mixture through a coffee filterlined chinois 2 to 3 times to remove the oil. Reserve the infused peanut butter and rye separately.nCombine the honey and hot water in a container. Add the kosher salt and stir to combine., ingredients: [2 ounces Peanut Butter Infused Rye, recipe follows, .5 ounce Salted Honey Syrup, recipe follows, 2 dashes Angostura bitters, 2 cups brand name natural peanut butter, 1 liter Old Overholt Rye, 2 cups honey, 2 cups hot water, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Peanut Butter Old Fashioned, picturelink: L8skda6vcemUCafSOb18QQKkCawD7u}, 26985: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Trim the very top of the stem of the okra pods, as they are often brown. Cut into 1inch diagonal pieces and add to a baking sheet. Toss with the oil. Dry the chickpeas in a paper towel or a kitchen towel and add to the baking sheet.nCombine the garam masala and 12 teaspoon each of salt and pepper in a small bowl. Sprinkle the mixture over the okra and chickpeas and toss to coat everything should look evenly dusted. Spread the ingredients in a single layer and roast until the okra is tender when pierced with a knife and the chickpeas are crispy, 25 to 30 minutes. Season with salt. Toss together and serve while warm., ingredients: [1 pound okra, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, One 14ounce can chickpeas, drained, 2 teaspoons garam masala or other curry powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Okra and Chickpeas, picturelink: ZxL9Awvhh85lXbMLZtZLDFCT21h66Dm}, 26986: {instructions: Season the shrimp with 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the cornstarch and toss to coat set aside. Juice 3 blood oranges into a small bowl add the vinegar, honey, ketchup, sesame oil and 12 teaspoon salt and whisk to combine. Quarter the remaining 2 oranges and thinly slice set aside.nFill a large bowl with ice water and set aside. Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Add the snow peas and cook until crisptender, about 1 minute. Drain and immediately transfer to the ice bath let sit until cool, then drain and pat dry.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or wok over high heat add 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Add the shrimp and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and opaque, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and the chiles to the skillet. Cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Add the garlic and ginger. Cook, stirring, until golden, about 30 seconds. Add the blood orange juice mixture and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring, until slightly thickened, 2 to 3 minutes.nReturn the shrimp to the skillet and stir until warmed through, about 1 minute. Add the snow peas, scallions and blood orange slices toss to combine. Sprinkle with the sesame seeds and serve with rice., ingredients: [1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 5 blood oranges, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 8 ounces snow peas, trimmed, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 13 cup dried chiles de arbol about 24 or other small dried chiles, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger, 4 scallions, cut into 1 to 2inch pieces, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, Cooked white rice, for serving], title: Blood OrangeShrimp StirFry, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 26987: {instructions: Combine the teff flour and active dry yeast in a large bowl. Add 2 cups lukewarm water and whisk or, more traditionally, use your hand to mix everything together, making sure the mixture is absolutely smooth with no lumps. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit at room temperature until the mixture is bubbly and tastes sour like tangy yogurt, 36 to 48 hours. It will start bubbling and rising in a matter of hours, but it can take anywhere from 36 to 48 hours to achieve a noticeable level of sourness, which is key to the flavor of the injera see Cooks Note. After about 36 hours, begin tasting the mixture this will help you determine when its just right and will help prevent it from souring too much.nAt this point, the batter will look separated and watery on top. If you shake the bowl a little, you should see some bubbles rising to the top. Add the selfrising flour and up to 1 cup of water a little at a time. Whisk or use your hand to thoroughly combine into a smooth, thin, pourable mixture with about the consistency of a slightly thicker crepe batter. Cover again and let sit for 1 hour.nHeat a 10inch nonstick skillet over medium heat for a few minutes. Have a lid for the skillet and a wire baking rack nearby. Whisk 1 teaspoon salt into the batter it will bubble up. Pour 14 cup of the batter into the skillet, tilting and swirling to coat with a thin layer of batter. The batter should spread quickly and easily. If its too thick, whisk in a little more water. Within a matter of seconds, you should start seeing small holes forming and the surface darkening as it cooks from the outside towards the center. When the injera is about 34 of the way cooked, cover the skillet and let steam for 1 minute. The injera is cooked when the edges are dry and lifting up from the pan. Carefully run a spatula underneath and transfer to the baking rack to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining batter.nYou can stack the injera only when they are completely cooled otherwise, they will stick to each other. Wrap the stack of cooled injera with a dry, clean cloth or paper towels to keep them from drying out until ready to serve. Serve at room temperature, or microwave for 30 seconds to heat through., ingredients: [2 cups teff flour, 18 teaspoon active dry yeast, 1 cup selfrising flour, Kosher salt], title: Injera Ethiopian Flatbread, picturelink: cuA1h.W1NmJeucSeNDyhHM8D3GzuSYG}, 26988: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a Dutch oven or large wide pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp, 1 teaspoon chili powder and 14 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the shrimp are just cooked through, about 3 minutes transfer to a bowl.nAdd the remaining 3 tablespoons vegetable oil and the pasta to the pot. Cook, stirring, until golden, 3 minutes transfer to a separate bowl.nReduce the heat to medium and add the onion, bell pepper, 12 teaspoon salt and 1 to 2 tablespoons water to the pot. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables soften, about 3 minutes.nIncrease the heat to medium high stir in 2 cups water, the tomatoes, toasted noodles and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer, stirring to break up any clumps. Cover, reduce the heat to medium, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the noodles are tender and most of the water is absorbed, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in the shrimp. Top each serving with sour cream, pickled jalapenos and cilantro.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 teaspoons chili powder, Kosher salt, 12 ounces fideo pasta or broken angelhair pasta, 1 white onion, thinly sliced, 1 green bell pepper, thinly sliced lengthwise, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, Sour cream, pickled jalapenos and chopped fresh cilantro, for topping], title: TexMex Shrimp and Noodles, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 26989: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 piping bags fitted with 12inch plain tips, a spinning cake stand, optional, and a large offset spatulanFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two 9inch round cake pans and line the bottom of each with parchment.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk the milk, vanilla, eggs and egg yolk together in another medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add about a third of the flour mixture and beat on mediumlow until incorporated. Now add a third of the eggmilk mixture and continue to beat on mediumlow until incorporated, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Repeat with another third of the flour, then all of the eggmilk mixture and finishing with the flour.nDivide the batter evenly between the prepared cake pans and bake until the cake has a nice golden brown crust around the edge, bounces back when pressed and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool completely in the cake pans on a rack.nFor the frosting: Combine the confectioners sugar, butter, milk and vanilla in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer on low speed until all the sugar is blended into the butter. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes.nRemove 3 tablespoons frosting and place it in a small bowl leave this frosting plain. Remove another 34 cup frosting, place in another bowl and dye with the orange food coloring. Dye the remaining 3 34 cups frosting in the mixing bowl with the yellow food coloring. Fill a piping bag fitted with a 12inch plain tip with the yellow frosting. Fill a second piping bag fitted with a tip with the orange frosting.nAssemble the cake: Cut a 4inch circle out of the center of one cake layer reserve or discard the cutout cake. Put the cake ring on a spinning cake stand or serving platter and frost the top with about 12 cup of the yellow frosting. Fill the hole with the candy corn. Put the other cake layer on top, so that the rounded side of the cake is facing up push down gently to sandwich the two cake layers together.nPipe a ring of yellow frosting along the outside edge of the cake. Pipe a second ring just inside it so they are touching. Pipe the remaining yellow frosting onto the sides of the cake, making sure to connect it to the frosting ring on the top of the cake. Using a large offset spatula, flatten the icing on the side of the cake to frost the outside until smooth.nPipe 3 concentric touching rings of orange frosting just inside the yellow rings. Spoon the reserved white frosting on the center of the cake and spread it flat so that it touches the orange frosting.nPosition the tip of a large offset spatula in the center of the cake so the length of the blade looks like a radius and touches the top of all three frostings. Using one continuous, circular motion with gentle pressure using a spinning cake stand will help, spread the frostings flat on the top of the cake so they form stripes some of the frosting will come off with the spatula do not try to reapply it. Let the cake stand at room temperature for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for buttering the pans, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs plus 1 large egg yolk, at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 4 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons whole milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups 9 ounces candy corn candies, 12 teaspoon orange gel food coloring, 2 teaspoons yellow gel food coloring], title: Stuffed Candy Corn Cake, picturelink: rYsNcz0o8Hm5cNBi70syhIKm2tYWTO}, 26990: {instructions: Special equipment: wooden or metal skewersnPreheat a charcoal or gas grill to mediumhigh heat.nSkewer the strawberries and coat with 2 teaspoons of the vegetable oil. Grill on all sides, 1 12 minutes total.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the strawberries, ketchup, jam, balsamic vinegar, molasses, soy sauce, mustard, chiles and garlic. Cook over mediumlow heat until the strawberries start to break down and all the ingredients combine, about 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nUsing an immersion blender, blend the strawberry mixture until smooth. Continue to cook until the mixture is reduced by a third, about 15 minutes. This will yield about 2 cups sauce.nIn a medium castiron skillet, heat the remaining 2 teaspoons oil. Add the onions and bell peppers and saute until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the beans and 1 12 cups of the sauce. Put the skillet in the oven and cook until the sauce thickens, about 25 minutes. Garnish with parsley and serve., ingredients: [4 cups strawberries about 1 pound, hulled, 4 teaspoons vegetable oil, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup strawberry jam, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons blackstrap molasses, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo, chopped, 1 clove garlic, grated, 12 cup finely diced onions, 12 cup finely diced red bell peppers, Two 15ounce cans pinto bean, rinsed and drained, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Grilled Strawberry BBQ Sauce Baked Beans, picturelink: null}, 26991: {instructions: In a large skillet, bring 2 inches of water and the vinegar to a boil. Crack one egg into a glass. Reduce water to a simmer and pour egg into water in one quick motion. Quickly add remaining eggs. Let eggs cook for 45 minutes. The white should be firm but the yellow should be runny. Remove eggs with a slotted spoon and drain on a paper towel.nIn a nonstick skillet heat the bacon until warm. Toast the English muffins until golden.nFor the sauce: Place yolks, water and lemon juice into blender. Blend for 1 minute. With blender running, pour butter through open hole of blender lid. Season with salt and pepper and keep warm.nTo assemble eggs benedict: Top each muffin with bacon and a poached egg. Pour warm sauce over and garnish with paprika and chopped parsley.nAlternatives: Vegetarian: Substitute wilted spinach and a grilled tomato for the ham., ingredients: [1 teaspoon vinegar, 4 eggs, 4 thin slices Canadian bacon, 2 English muffins, 3 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon hot water, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and hot, Salt and pepper, Paprika, Chopped parsley], title: Traditional Eggs Benedict, picturelink: null}, 26992: {instructions: Combine flour, cornstarch, baking soda, baking powder, Old Bay, salt, and pepper. Add beer and stir. Let rest for 10 minutes. Dredge fish through mixture.nPreheat a deepfryer or a deep pot filled halfway with oil to 350 degrees F. Gently immerse the fish in the oil, making sure it is fully submerged and deepfry until it is golden brown and cooked through, about 4 minutes, turning to ensure even browning., ingredients: [2 cups fine grind wheat flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon Old Bay seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 12 cups beer, 6 10ounce fresh fillets Pollack], title: Fried Fish, picturelink: null}, 26993: {instructions: In hot oil quickly saute the pork and then the beef, making sure to caramelize well. Add the julienned caramelized onions, the diced vegetables, the chilies, garlic puree and cook a minute or two. Add the chicken stock, bring to a boil then simmer for a few minutes. Add the black beans and finish with the red wine vinegar and chopped cilantro, salt and pepper. Serve and garnish with salsa., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound pork shoulder, 12inch cubes, 1 pound TriTip beef, sliced 14inch thick, 6 ounces onions, julienned, caramelized, 3 ounces celery, finely diced, 3 ounces carrot, finely diced, 6 ounces Poblanos, roasted, peeled and julienned, 6 ounces red peppers, roasted peeled and julienned, 3 tablespoons garlic puree, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 ounces black beans, cooked with juice, 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup cilantro, chopped, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Ropa Vieja, picturelink: null}, 26994: {instructions: Shell the favas and discard pods. Drop beans into boiling salted water and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Drain and immediately plunge into ice water. Drain again and remove tough outer skin from each bean. Place beans in a bowl.nServe with slices of good fresh cheese, a drizzle of olive oil, 1 to 2 drops of lemon juice, freshly ground pepper and a few grains of salt along with a slice of good crusty peasant bread., ingredients: [4 pounds fresh, young unshelled fava beans, 1 pound young, fresh sheeps milk cheese, such as pecorino dolce, pecorino, or fresh ricotta, Extra virgin olive oil, Fresh lemon wedges, Fresh ground pepper and coarse sea salt, Italian bread with a good crust, such as ciabatta], title: Fresh Fava Beans with Pecorino Cheese, picturelink: null}, 26995: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the Kirby cucumbers, garden cucumber, bell pepper, cauliflower and pearl onions in a large glass jar with a lid.nPut the vinegar, 1 cup water, the sugar, mustard seeds and celery seeds in large pot. Bring to a boil over high heat, and then use a funnel to pour the pickling over the vegetables to cover completely. Let cool to room temperature, then cover tightly and refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving.nThe pickles will keep, refrigerated, up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 small Kirby cucumbers, cut into spears, 1 large garden cucumber, cut into 12u00bfinch thick disks, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 head cauliflower, chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 cup pearl onions, 2 cups white vinegar, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon celery seeds], title: Grandma Mas French Pickles, picturelink: 2zQ5Zflah5L8UJu6vmphw1YbmnhI5p2}, 26996: {instructions: For the roast chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Put a castiron pan over high heat until hot. Coat the pan with olive oil, add the chicken skinside down and cook until the skin is crispy, about 7 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a baking sheet fitted with a rack. Roast until cooked through, 20 to 30 minutes depending on size.nFor the red wine balsamic demi: In a saucepan over high heat, add a little olive oil. Add the thyme, bay leaves, carrots, celery and onions and sweat the vegetables about 5 minutes. Deglaze with the red wine, then add the balsamic and dark chicken stock. Bring to a boil. Add the tomato paste and reduce to a simmer. Add the sugar and simmer to reduce the sauce to a glaze consistency, 15 to 20 minutes. Strain and reserve.nFor the stinky polenta: Bring the dark chicken stock to a boil in a saucepan. Using a whisk, slowly incorporate the polenta into the stock, stirring vigorously. When fully incorporated, lower the heat to simmer. Cook, stirring frequently to make sure the polenta doesnt burn, until thickened, 10 to 15 minutes.nFor the crispy kale: Pour enough canola oil into a large heavybottomed saucepan to come about a third of the way up. Heat the oil until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 325 degrees F.nAdd the julienned kale to the oil and fry about 2 minutes the kale should still be very green and crisp, not brown at all. Drain on paper towels and set aside for garnish.nTo finish the polenta: Add the butter, Gorgonzola, ParmigianoReggiano, mascarpone and additional water or the chicken cooking juices if needed. Finish with the white truffle oil and add salt and pepper to taste.nTo plate, spoon about 3 tablespoons of the glaze into 5 wide bowls. Put some polenta on top. Slice each chicken breast and put on top of the polenta. Garnish with crispy kale and serve., ingredients: [5 skinon chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for coating the pan, Extravirgin olive oil, for sweating the vegetables, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 carrot, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 onion, diced, 1 bottle red wine, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup dark chicken stock, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 cups dark chicken stock, 2 cups polenta, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, 4 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled, 4 ounces grated ParmigianoReggiano, 4 ounces mascarpone, 1 tablespoon white truffle oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for frying, 2 bunches kale, julienned], title: Stinky Polenta, Roast Chicken, Crispy Kale, Red Wine Balsamic Demi, picturelink: Dm0hlzWAFg2cUQhKXBo05L7puJawEm6}, 26997: {instructions: 1. Cook MORNINGSTAR FARMS GRILLERS ORIGINAL veggie burger according to package directions, except brush top with hoisin sauce halfway through cooking time.n2. Meanwhile, in small bowl stir together mustard, vinegar and sugar. Add cabbage, carrot and radish. Toss until coated.n3. Serve burger and cabbage mixture wrapped in flatbread., ingredients: [1 Grillersu00ae Original, 2 teaspoons hoisin sauce, 2 teaspoons wasabi mustard, 12 teaspoon rice vinegar or cider vinegar, 18 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup shredded napa cabbage, 1 tablespoon shredded carrot, 1 tablespoon chopped red radish, 1 6 to 7inch fat free flatbread or flour tortilla], title: Wasabi Burger, picturelink: D1sCN6xQamSP71QNWMfxHZ.vR2l3Pn.}, 26998: {instructions: HEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Reserve 2 Tbsp. each onions and tomatoes. Cook bacon in large skillet until crisp. Remove bacon from skillet, reserving 1 Tbsp. drippings in skillet. Drain bacon on paper towels. Add mushrooms to reserved drippings cook and stir 2 min. or until tender. Remove from heat. Crumble bacon. Add to skillet with remaining onions and tomatoes mix well.nBEAT eggs and sour cream with whisk until well blended. Pour into greased 13x9inch baking dish top with bacon mixture and cheeses.nBAKE 30 min. or until center is set. Top with reserved onions and tomatoes. Let stand 5 min. before cutting to serve., ingredients: [5 green onions, chopped, divided, 1 tomato, chopped, divided, 12 slices OSCAR MAYER Bacon, 1 cup sliced fresh mushrooms, 12 eggs, 13 cup light sour cream, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese, 1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese], title: Crustless Bacon Quiche, picturelink: rNGliBe3T56Zf6B.Xem5F1PXtmPGiEC}, 26999: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease bottom of 13x9inch pan.nCombine brownie mix, eggs, water and oil in large bowl. Stir with spoon until well blended, about 50 strokes. Spread in pan. Bake at 350 degrees F for 27 to 30 minutes or until set.nSpread marshmallow cream gently over hot brownies. Place frosting in microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on high power for 15 to 30 seconds. Stir until smooth. Pour frosting over marshmallow cream. Swirl with knife to marbleize. Cool completely. Cut into bars., ingredients: [1 19.95 oz pkg Duncan Hinesu00ae Family Style Chewy Fudge Brownie Mix, 2 large eggs, 13 cup water, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 7 oz jar marshmallow cream, 1 14 cups Duncan Hinesu00ae Creamy HomeStyle Milk Chocolate Frosting], title: Mississippi Mud Brownies, picturelink: null}}